THE

LAW REPORTS.

The Public General Statutes,

PASSED IN THE

FIFTY-FIRST AND FIFTY-SECOND YEARS

OF THE REIGN OF HER MAJESTY

QUEEN VICTORIA,

1888:

WITH

A LIST OF THE LOCAL AND PRIVATE ACTS,

TABLES SHOWING THE EFFECT OF THE SESSION’S

LEGISLATION,

AND A COPIOUS INDEX

VOL. XXV.

LONDON:

PRINTED BY EYRE AND SPOTTISWOODE,

PRINTERS TO THE QUEEN’S MOST EXCELLENT MAJESTY,

FOR

WILLIAM CLOWES & SONS, LIMITED,

Printers to the Incorporated Council of Law Reporting for England and Wales,

DUKE STREET, STAMFORD STREET; AND 14, CHARING CROSS.

PUBLISHING OFFICE, 27, FLEET STREET, E.C.

1888.

A

TABLE

OF

The Titles of the Public General Acts passed in the Third Session of the Twenty-fourth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

1. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-seven, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight, and one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine.

2. An Act for reducing the Rate of Interest on the National Debt.

3. An Act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing superfluous expressions of enactment and enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary.

4. An Act to provide, during twelve months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

5. An Act to empower the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise money in the United Kingdom for the purchase of the Oude and Rohilkund Railway, and for the construction, extension, and equipment of Railways in India, through the Agency of Companies, and for other purposes relating thereto.

6. An Act for facilitating the Proceedings of the Commissioners appointed to inquire into the working of the Metropolitan Board of Works.

7. An Act to impose certain Duties of Customs on Spirits imported into the Isle of Man.

8. An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other Duties, and to amend the Laws relating to Customs and Inland Revenue.

9. An Act to amend the Roads and Bridges (Scotland) Act, 1878.

10. An Act to provide for the Qualification and Registration of Electors for the purposes of Local Government in England and Wales.

11. An Act to make further provision for the Restoration and Repair of Westminster Abbey.

12. An Act to amend the Electric Lighting Act, 1882.

13. An Act to amend Section One of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1887, in regard to Leaseholders.

14. An Act to grant a duty of Customs on Wine imported in bottle, and to make provision in relation thereto.

15. An Act to make certain Amendments in the Law consequential on the passing of the National Debt (Conversion) Act, 1888: (National Debt (Supplemental).)

16. An Act to apply the sum of five million five hundred and seventy thousand seven hundred and twelve pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine.

17. An Act to amend the Law relating to the recovery of Penalties for the unauthorised Performance of Copyright Musical Compositions.

18. An Act to carry into effect an International Convention respecting the Liquor Traffic in the North Sea.

19. An Act to amend the Habitual Drunkards Act, 1879.

20. An Act to facilitate the sale of Glebe Lands.

21. An Act to amend the Law of Distress for Rent.

22. An Act to amend the Factory and Workshops Act, 1878.

23. An Act to make better provision as to the appointment of deputies for Recorders, Stipendiary Magistrates, and Clerks of the Peace.

24. An Act to amend the Law with respect to the Appliances to be carried by British Merchant Ships for saving Life at Sea.

25. An Act for the better regulation of Railway and Canal Traffic, and for other purposes.

26. An Act to apply the sum of twenty million six hundred and ninety-three thousand three hundred and seventy-five pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine.

27. An Act to amend the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Ireland) 1877.

28. An Act to remove doubts as to the validity of certain Marriages solemnised by a person falsely pretending to be an ordained Clergyman of the Church of England.

29. An Act to confer Powers on Lloyd’s with respect to Signal Stations and Telegraph Communication, and for other Purposes.

30. An Act to amend the Fishery Acts in Ireland.

31. An Act to make better provision respecting National Defence.

32. An Act for defraying the Expenses of carrying into effect an Agreement for Naval Defence with the Australasian Colonies, and providing for the defence of certain Ports and Coaling Stations, and for making further provision for Imperial Defence.

33. An Act to consolidate the Law relating to Excise Licences for Hawkers.

34. An Act to enable Municipal Corporations in Ireland to apply municipal funds in the promotion of Local Bills in Parliament.

35. An Act to constitute a Special Commission to inquire into the charges and allegations made against certain Members of Parliament and other Persons by the Defendants in the recent trial of an Action entitled O’Donnell v. Walter and another.

36. An Act to amend the Law of Bail in Scotland.

37. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the planting of Timber Trees in Ireland.

38. An Act to continue various expiring Laws.

39. An Act to grant money for the purpose of certain Local Loans; and for other purposes relating to Local Loans.

40. An Act to further amend the Acts relating to the raising of Money by the Metropolitan Board of Works; and for other purposes.

41. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Local Government in England and Wales, and for other purposes connected therewith.

42. An Act to consolidate and amend the Law relating to Mortmain and to the disposition of Land for Charitable Uses.

43. An Act to consolidate and amend the County Courts Acts.

44. An Act to provide for the establishment of Local Courts of Bankruptcy in Ireland.

45. An Act to extend the privileges of the Graduates of the Victoria University.

46. An Act to amend the Law as to Oaths.

47. An Act to amend the Law relating to execution for Small Debts and the levying of Distress for Rent in Ireland, with special provisions for the City of Dublin.

48. An Act to amend the Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, in respect to voting by Proxy.

49. An Act further to facilitate the Purchase of Land in Ireland by increasing the amount applicable for that purpose by the Land Commission.

50. An Act to amend the Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks Act, 1883.

51. An Act for registering certain charges on Land and for facilitating Searches for them.

52. An Act to amend the Public Health Acts in relation to Buildings in Streets.

53. An Act to authorise the application of Funds of Municipal Corporations and other Governing Bodies in Ireland in certain Cases.

54. An Act for the regulation of the Sea Fisheries of England and Wales.

55. An Act for the better Protection of the Sand-Grouse in the United Kingdom.

56. An Act to make further provision for the Nomination of Bishops Suffragans.

57. An Act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing superfluous expressions of enactment, and Enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary.

58. An Act to continue the Employers Liability Act, 1880.

59. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Duties, Powers, and Liability of Trustees.

60. An Act for assigning to Scotland and Ireland respectively certain shares of the Probate Duties; and for providing for the application of such shares.

61. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

62. An Act to amend the Law with respect to Preferential Payments in Bankruptcy, and in the winding-up of Companies.

63. An Act to amend the twenty-third section of the Crofters Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1886.

64. An Act to amend the Law of Libel.

65. An Act to provide for the custody of the Roll of Solicitors of the Supreme Court in England by the Incorporated Law Society, and otherwise to amend the law relating to solicitors.

66. An Act to amend the Friendly Societies Act, 1875, with reference to certain societies now subject to the provisions of section thirty of that Act.

[Partial list of local acts removed.]

THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES.

51 Victoria.

CHAPTER 1.

An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-seven, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight, and one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine.

[27th March 1888.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

---

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sums hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time being may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-seven and one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight, the sum of one hundred and fourteen thousand nine hundred pounds seven shillings and fourpence.

2. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time being may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine, the sum of eleven million seven hundred and four thousand six hundred and three pounds.

3. The Commissioners of the Treasury may borrow from time to time, on the credit of the said sums, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of eleven million eight hundred and nineteen thousand five hundred and three pounds seven shillings and four-pence, and shall repay the moneys so borrowed, with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing

Issue of 114, 900/. 7s. 4rf. out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the years ending 31st March 1887 and 1888.

Issue of 11, 704, 608/. out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the year ending 81st March 1889.

Power to the Treasury to borrow.

51 VICT.

[Short title.]

88 & 84 Vict. c. 71.

Conversion of new three per cent, stock and redemption of dissentient stock holders.

Ch. 1, 2. Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1888.

produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any sums so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

4. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fond (No. 1) Act, 1888.

CHAPTER 2.

An Act for reducing the Hate of Interest on the National Debt.

[27th March 1888.]

WHEREAS by the National Debt Act, 1870, it was provided V▼ that the new three pounds per cent, annuities (herein-after referred to as new three per cent, stock), being part of the National Debt, should, until redemption, continue to be payable by equal half-yearly dividends on the fifth day of April and the fifth day of October in each year, and should continue redeemable by Parliament at any time after the tenth day of October one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four at the rate of one hundred pounds sterling for every one hundred pounds of the capital sums in respect whereof those annuities were payable:

And whereas, with a view of reducing the rate of interest on the National Debt, it is expedient to provide for the conversion of the new three per cent, stock into stock of a lower denomination, and for the redemption of such portions of that stock as may be held by persons dissenting from such conversion:

And whereas it is also expedient, with the same view, to provide facilities for the conversion of the consolidated three pounds per cent, annuities and the reduced three pounds per cent, annuities (herein-after referred to respectively as consolidated three per cent, stock and reduced three per cent, stock), into stock of a lower denomination:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

PART I.

Conversion or Redemption of New Three per Cent. Stock.

1. — (1.) All holders of any amount of new three per cent stock who do not on or before the twenty-ninth day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight, or such later date as is allowed in special cases by this Act, signify dissent in manner herein-after mentioned, shall continue to be entitled to receive the dividend payable on that stock on the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight, but shall as from that

issa

Ch. 2.

3

National Debt (Conversi) Act, 1888.

day receive in lieu of that amount of new' three per cent, stock an equal nominal amount of stock to be created in pursuance of this Act and in this Act referred to as new stock, and the reception of that amount of new stock shall not be considered to be a change or variation of investment by the holder.

(2.) All holders of new three per cent, stock who signify their dissent as aforesaid, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, shall be paid off in such order, at such time or times, and in such manner as Parliament may direct: Provided that all such holders, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, may at any time or times before the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight, unless Parliament shall in the meantime otherwise direct, be paid off the whole or any part of their stock, either in one sum or in such proportions, and in such order and manner, as the Treasury may direct, at the rate of one hundred pounds sterling for every one hundred pounds of the capital sums in respect of which the annuities constituting the said stock are payable, together with the payment of all arrears of those annuities at the rate of three pounds per cent, per annum, including the proportionate part accrued since the last date for the payment of dividends.

2. — (1.) The new stock shall consist of a capital stock of perpetual annuities, which shall for the year ending the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine yield dividends at the rate of three pounds per cent, per annum, and shall thereafter yield dividends at the rate of two pounds fifteen shillings per cent, per annum until the fifth day of April one thousand nine hundred and three, and shall thereafter yield dividends at the rate of two pounds ten shillings per cent, per annum.

(2.) The new stock shall not be redeemable until the fifth day of April one thousand nine hundred and twenty-three, but on and after that day shall be redeemable by Parliament on such notice, at such time or times, and either in one sum or in such sums or proportions, and in such order and manner as Parliament may direct, at the rate of one hundred pounds sterling for every one hundred pounds of the capital sums in respect of which the annuities constituting the stock are payable, together with the payment of all arrears of those annuities, including the proportionate part accrued since the last date for the payment of dividends.

(3.) The new stock shall form part of the National Debt, and the annuities constituting the same shall be payable by equal quarterly dividends on the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the fifth day of October in every year, and the first of the said dividends shall be payable on the first of the said quarterly days after the creation of the stock.

(4.) The new stock shall be called two and three quarters per cent, consolidated stock until the fifth day of April one thousand nine hundred and three, and thereafter shall be called two and a half per cent, consolidated stock.

Denomination and incidents of new stock.

4

Ch. 2.

National Debt (< Conversion) Act, 1888. 51 Vict.

(5.) The dividends on the new stock shall be charged on the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, and paid out of the permanent annual charge of the National Debt, and the provisions of the 33 & 84 Vict National Debt Act, 1870, shall apply in the same manner, so far c* 71‘ as is consistent with this Act, as if the new stock were one of the

stocks of perpetual annuities described in the First Schedule to the National Debt Act, 1870, and the Treasury may, by warrant, declare that the new stock shall be subject to Part Five of that Act.

Mode of tig- 3. — (1.) Dissent from the conversion of new three per cent, nifjing dissent, stock into new stock shall be signified to the Bank in writing, with the amount of the stock to which the dissent relates.

(2.) The dissents shall be entered in books kept by the Bank for that purpose, and be numbered in the order in which they are received by the Bank.

(3.) The transfer of any stock to which a dissent relates shall be subject to the prescribed conditions, and shall be entered in the books of the Bank under the same number as was fixed for the stock when the dissent was so signified.

4. If any holder of new three per cent, stock is not within the United Kingdom at any time between the twelfth day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight and the twenty-ninth day of March in the same year, both days inclusive, his dissent may be signified at any time on or before the earliest of the following days, namely, the tenth day after his return to the United Kingdom, or the first day of May one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight, or, if between the said twelfth day of March and the said first day of May he was not within any part of Europe, the first day of September one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight.

Time for signifying dissent in case of persons abroad.

Dissent by executors, trustees, &c.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 89.

5. — (1.) Where an executor, administrator, guardian, trustee, or committee of the estate of a person of unsound mind has, as such, the control over any new three per cent stock standing either in his own name or in the name of any testator or intestate, or of any infant or person of unsound mind, his dissent for the purposes of this Act may, if he is within the United Kingdom at any time between the twelfth day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight and the twelfth day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight, be signified at any time on or before the said twelfth day of April, but if he is not then within the United Kingdom, then within the time fixed by this Act in the case of stock holders out of the United Kingdom.

(2.) If either of any two or more of any such executors, administrators, guardians, trustees, or committees is out of the United Kingdom, the time within which the dissent may be signified shall in each case be regulated with reference to the most distant of them.

(3.) Provided that where any new three per cent, stock belonging to any joint stock company, whether registered under the Companies Act, 1862, or not, or to any body of persons corporate or unincorporate, not being trustees of a charity, stands in the names of trustees instead of in the names of that joint stock com-

1888. Rationed Debt (Conversion) 1888. Ch. 2. $

pany or body, those trustees shall not be deemed trustees within the meaning of this section.

6. — (1.) Where any new three per cent, stock is standing in Funds in court, the name or in the books of any of the following officers, namely, —

(a.) Her Majesty's Paymaster-General on behalf of the Supreme Court of Judicature in England; or

(6.) the Accountant to the Court of Session in Scotland; or

(c.) the Accountant General of the Supreme Court of Judicature in Ireland;

dissent from the conversion thereof may, on the request and on behalf of any suitors or other persons interested therein, be signified by those officers respectively, and may be so signified at any time on or before the twelfth day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight.

(2.) The High Courts and the Court of Session respectively may, from time to time, on application by summons in chambers or in such other way as may he directed, as respects the High Court in England by the Lord Chancellor, as respects the Court of Session by the Lord President, and as respects the High Court in Ireland by the Lord Chancellor of Ireland, make general or special orders as to signifying dissents with respect to new three per cent, stock, or as to any other thing relating to that stock or the dividends thereon, or to the stock to be created in lieu thereof, or to the application of any such stock, or of the dividends thereon.

7. Where any new three per cent, stock is standing in the names Stock held by of the official trustees of charitable funds, dissent from the conver- °c*ftl sion thereof shall be signified by those trustees on the request of funds?" C the trustees or persons acting in the administration of the charity

to which that stock belongs, and may be so signified at any time on or before the twelfth day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight.

PART II.

Power to Exchange Consolidated and Reduced Three per Cents, for New Stock.

8. — (1.) Any holder of any amount of consolidated three per Exchange of cent stock or reduced three per cent, stock may, by assent signified J^ucedfor at any time on or before the twelfth day of April one thousand new stock, eight hundred and eighty-eight, or such later date as may under this Act be allowed in special cases, exchange that amount for an equal nominal amount of new stock, and such an exchange shall not be considered to be a change or variation of investment by the holder.

(2.) Where a person exchanges consolidated three per cent, stock in pursuance of this section he shall on the exchange thereof become entitled to receive in the prescribed manner and at the prescribed time a dividend for one quarter ending the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight on the stock given in exchange at the rate of fifteen shillings for every one hundred pounds of the nominal amount of that stock (being the amount of interest accrued on that stock between the fifth day of January

6

Ch. 2.

51 Vict.

Power of court, trustees, &c. in relation to exchange of stock.

National Debt (Conversi Act, 1888.

one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight, and the filth day of April in the same year), and shall receive the first quarterly dividend on the new stock on the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight.

(3.) Where a person exchanges reduced three per cent, stock in pursuance of this section he shall be entitled to receive the dividend payable on that reduced three per cent, stock on the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight, and shall receive the first quarterly dividend on the new stock on the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight.

9. — (1.) Where any consolidated three per cent, stock, or reduced three per cent, stock, is standing in the name or in the books of any of the following officers, namely, —

(a.) Her Majesty's Paymaster General, on behalf of the Supreme Court of Judicature in England; or (b.) the Accountant to the Court of Session in Scotland; or (c.) the Accountant General of the Supreme Court of Judicature in Ireland;

the Lord Chancellor in the case of stock standing in the name of Her Majesty's Paymaster General, the Lord President of the Court of Session in the case of stock standing in the name of the Accountant to the Court of Session, and the Lord Chancellor of Ireland in the case of stock standing in the name of the Accountant General of the Supreme Court of Judicature, in Ireland, may, with the approval in each case of the Treasury, make regulations as to the mode in which that stock or any part thereof may, with the consent of the person to whom the dividends on the stock are for the time being payable (which consent any trustee, or other person acting in a fiduciary character, is hereby authorised to give), or, if the dividends are being accumulated, then with the consent, in the case of England or Ireland, of the judge of the High Court to whose court the cause or matter to the credit of which the stock is standing is attached, or where the cause or matter is not so attached, then with the consent of any judge of the said Court, and with the consent, in the case of Scotland, of the Court of Session, be exchanged for an equal nominal amount of new stock. Provision may be made by such regulations that in specified classes of cases the Lord Chancellor, the Lord President of the Court of Session, or the Lord Chancellor of Ireland, as the case may be, may on behalf of the persons interested in any such stock as aforesaid consent to the exchange thereof, unless dissent from such exchange is signified within the time and in the manner fixed by the regulations.

(2.) Where any consolidated three per cent, stock or reduced three per cent, stock is standing in the name of the official trustees of charitable funds, an exchange thereof in pursuance of this Act shall be made on the request or with the consent of the trustees or persons acting in the administration of the charity to which that stock belongs:Provided that the Treasury may make regulations whereby the Charity Commissioners for England and Wales may on behalf of the said trustees or persons consent to the

7

1888. National Debt (Conversion) Act, 1888. Ch. 2.

exchange of the stock unless dissent from such exchange is signified within the time and in the manner fixed by the regulations.

(3.) Subject to rules of court, any jurisdiction given by this Act to a judge of the High Court shall be exercised by a judge of the Chancery Division.

(4.) In the case of stock standing in the names of —

(a.) -Any such officers or official trustees as aforesaid; or

(b.) Any trustee or other person acting in a fiduciary character; or

(c.) Persons absent from the United Kingdom between the twelfth day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight and the twelfth day of April in the same year; the stock may be exchanged within such extended time as may be prescribed.

10. — (1.) Whereas the holders of consolidated three per cent. Provision of stock and reduced three per cent, stock are entitled to twelve months notice before redemption; and whereas it is expedient to conversion, facilitate the prompt conversion of those stocks into new stock, and to reduce the amount thereof liable to redemption hereafter; the Treasury shall authorise the Bank to make, in the prescribed manner and at the prescribed time, to such of the holders of either of those stocks as surrender their stock in exchange for new stock, in consideration of their foregoing their right to such notice as aforesaid, a payment of five shillings for every hundred pounds of the new stock given in exchange, and may also, if they think fit, authorise the Bank to pay in respect of stock so surrendered an allowance to recognised agents at a rate not exceeding one shilling and sixpence per cent.

(2.) The sums of five shillings per cent, authorised by this section to be paid may be treated by trustees and others as income, but if so treated shall not be subject to income tax.

PART IIL Ways and Means.

1L The Treasury may at any time, and from time to time, by Creation of warrant addressed to the Bank, direct the creation of such amounts new stock* of new stock as may be required to replace stock converted or exchanged under this Act, or to raise money for paying off such holders of new three per cent, stock as dissent from the conversion thereof

12, — (1.) The Treasury may from time to time raise any sums Power to raise required for paying off such holders of new three per cent, stock money for re-as dissent from the conversion thereof either by the creation of new aSSitient stock as aforesaid, or by the issue of Exchequer bonds, or Exchequer stock holders, bills or Treasury bills, or by otherwise borrowing the same (for a period not exceeding twelve months) from such persons as may be willing to lend the same on the credit of the charge created by this Act on the Consolidated Fund, or by all such means, and the sums so raised shall be paid into the Exchequer, and form part of the Consolidated Fund,

8

Power to raise money for incidental expenses.

Arrangements for conversion, exchange, or redemption.

Application of Act to stock certificates.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 71.

Provisions as to savings banks.

43 & 44 Vict. c. 86.

Ch. 2. National Debt (Conversion) Act, 1888. 51 VICT.

(2.) The principal money borrowed in pursuance of this section, otherwise than by the creation of new stock, and all interest from time to time due thereon (not exceeding the rate of five per cent, per annum), shall be charged on and be payable out of the Consolidated Fund, or the growing produce thereof, at such times in each year as may be fixed by the Treasury.

(3.) In the event of its being considered by the Treasury expedient to substitute new stock for any Exchequer bonds, Exchequer bills, or Treasury bills issued, or for money otherwise borrowed under this Act, the Treasury may from time to time by warrant addressed to the Bank direct the creation of new stock for that purpose.

13. — (1.) All sums paid for defraying expenses incurred in pursuance of this Act, or for providing any dividend which by reason of any conversion or exchange effected under this Act becomes payable in the then current financial year instead of the next financial year, shall be charged on and be payable out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof, but shall not be payable as part of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt.

(2.) The Treasury may from time to time, as they think fit, repay to the Consolidated Fund any portion of the money issued thereout for the purposes of this section, and may, with a view to provide money for such repayment, raise any sums in any of the modes by which they are by this Act authorised to raise sums of money.

PART IV.

Supplemental.

14. — (1.) For the purpose of giving effect to any conversion or exchange in pursuance of this Act, the Bank shall cancel in their books, as from the date at which the conversion or exchange takes effect, the amount standing in the name of any person of stock to be converted or exchanged, and shall inscribe in their books in the name of that person the amount of new stock to be substituted for the stock so cancelled.

(2.) Where any amount of stock is paid off in pursuance of this Act the Bank shall, as from the date of the payment off, cancel that amount of stock in their books.

15. The provisions of this Act as to conversion, redemption, and exchange of stock shall, subject to such modifications (if any) as may be made by rules under this Act, apply to stock in respect of which stock certificates have been issued in pursuance of tho National Debt Act, 1870.

16. — (1.) Regulations made in pursuance of the Savings Banks Act, 1880, with respect to investments in and sales of stock through the medium of trustee and post office savings banks may provide for investments in new stock; and for the purpose of regulations so made, the expression "Government 6tock " in the Savings Banks Act, 1880, shall be deemed to include new stock.

i8sa

National Debt (Conversion) Act, 1888. Ch. 2.

(2.) With respect to stock invested on behalf of depositors in trustee and post office savings banks, the dissents and assents authorised by this Act may, on the request of any such depositor, be signified by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt* and those Commissioners and the Postmaster General respectively shall make such provision as seems to them expedient for enabling such request to be made.

17. — (1.) The several provisions of this Act shall extend to stock Provisions as

held on behalf of the Crown, or of the Duchy of Lancaster, or of j°n8t?ckt|je" the Duchy of Cornwall, and to the dividends on such stock. Duchj?of°

(2.) With respect to any stock standing in the name or to the Lancaster, &c. account of the Duchy of Lancaster, any dissent or assent authorised by this Act may be signified by the Clerk for the time being of the Council of the Duchy.

(3.) With respect to any stock standing in the name or to the account of the Duchy of Cornwall, any dissent or assent authorised by this Act may be signified by the Receiver General of the Duchy.

(4.) With respect to any stock to which the foregoing provisions of this section as to dissent and assent do not apply, and which stands in the name of any public officer or body holding in trust for the public service, any dissent or assent authorised by this Act may be signified by the public officer or body entitled to receive the dividends on the stock.

(5.) Any stock held by any officer on behalf of the Court of Chancery of the county palatine of Lancaster, or of any other Court in England, may be dealt with under this Act in such manner as may be directed by regulations made by the Lord Chancellor.

18. In the registers of new stock, the Bank shall allow any Power to hold holder or joint holders to have more than one account, provided nfw stock 0Q that each account is distinguished either by a number or by such counts"1 &C* other designation as may be directed by the Bank, and that the

Bunk shall not be required to permit more than four accounts to be opened in the same name or names.

19. A power or direction, whether subject or not to any re- Powers of in-strictions or conditions, to invest in any of the stocks which may ve8tmeilt-

be converted or exchanged under this Act, or generally in three per cent, stock, shall extend to authorise an investment subject to the same conditions and restrictions (if any) in new stock.

20. — (1.) Where under any trust or arrangement other than a Provisions as charitable trust any stock has been appropriated to provide an 10 annmtants-annuity, and is under this Act liable to be converted into or exchanged for new stock, the person in whose name the stock is standing may, at the request of the annuitant, or, in the case of several annuitants, the majority of them, and at the expense of the annuitant or annuitants, sell the stock, and invest the proceeds either in any manner authorised by the trust or arrangement, or in any manner in which cash under the control of the High Court, or the Court of Session, may for the time being be invested, and

10 Ch. 2. National Debt (Conversion) Act, 1888. 51 Vict.

Provisions as to stock mortgages.

shall not be liable for any loss arising from any such sale >or investment.

(2.) In the case of stock standing in the name of Her Majesty's Paymaster General on behalf of the Supreme Court of Judicature in England, or of the Accountant to the Court of Session in Scotland, or of the Accountant General of the Supreme Court of Judicature in Ireland, any such sale or investment may be authorised by the High Court, or the Court of Session, as the case may be.

(3.) Where, in execution of any trust, or in performance of any duty, and whether in pursuance of the order of any court, or otherwise, any stock has been appropriated to provide an annuity, and is under this Act converted into or exchanged for new stock, the trust or duty shall, so far as relates to the payment of the annuity, be deemed to be executed or performed by the payment of the dividends on the new stock; but nothing in this section shall affect any power of any court or other authority to make any order as to the application of capital in such cases.

21. — (1.) An agreement to transfer any amount of new three per cent, stock, consolidated three per cent, stock, or reduced three per cent, stock, or generally any amount of three per cent, stock, may be satisfied by making a transfer of an equal amount of new stock.

(2.) Where under any mortgage or agreement for a loan any person is bound to pay half-yearly sums equal to the dividends on any specified amount of stock, and that amount of stock is under this Act converted into or exchanged for new stock, the obligation shall be satisfied by the payment of quarterly sums equal to the dividends on the same amount of new stock.

Power forma- 22. Where any new three per cent, stock, consolidated three ioWere^odi1 Per cen^ stock, or reduced three per cent, stock is standing in the sent or assent, names of more than two persons as joint holders thereof, the dissent or assent of the majority of those joint holders shall be sufficient for the purposes of this Act

23. A power of attorney given exclusively for the purpose of empowering the attorney to signify any dissent or assent authorised by this Act shall be exempt from stamp duty.

24. The power by this Act given to the Lord Chancellor and Lord Chancellor of Ireland respectively to make regulations, shall extend to any funds in court to the credit of lunatics so found by inquisition in England and Ireland respectively, including committees’ security accounts.

25. — (1.) Where any stock is converted into or exchanged for new stock, the new stock, and the dividends thereon, shall be sub-

&c affecting8' ject to the same trusts, charges, rights, distringas, and restraints old stock. as affect the stock so converted or exchanged, and the dividends thereon respectively, and all powers of attorney, requests as to dividends, and other documents relating to the stock so converted or exchanged, and the dividends thereon, or either of them, shall apply to the new stock, and the dividends thereon respectively.

Exemption of certain powers of attorney from stamp duty.

Provision as to lunacy funds.

Application to new stock of

1888. National Debt (Conversion) Act, 1888. Ch. 2. 11

(2.) In any Act passed or instrument executed before the passing of this Act references to any stock liable to be converted or exchanged in pursuance of this Act may, if the stock is so converted or exchanged, be construed as references to new stock, and in the case of any testamentary instrument executed before the passing of this Act, any disposition, which, but for the passing of this Act, would have operated as a specific bequest of any such stock, shall if the same is so converted or exchanged be construed as a specific bequest of such new stock, and if the same is not so converted, but is paid off or redeemed, shall be construed as a pecuniary legacy of a sum of money equal to the nominal amount of the stock so paid off or redeemed.

26. Persons who are by this Act, or by rules under this Act, indemnity to

authorised to signify their dissent from the conversion of stock, or and

to exchange or consent to the exchange of stock, shall not be liable

for any loss resulting from their not signifying such dissent, or from their making such exchange or giving such consent; and trustees and other persons acting in a fiduciary character are hereby expressly authorised to make such exchange or give such consent,

27. When any stock, converted or exchanged by virtue of this Reinvestment Act into new stock, is held1 by a trustee, such trustee shall be at by liberty to sell the same, and to invest the proceeds arising from

such sale in any of the securities for the time being authorised for the investment of cash under the control of the High Court, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the instrument creating the trust.

28. — (1.) If by reason of the conversion or exchange of any Application to stock in pursuance of this Act any question arises as to the powers

or duties of any trustee, executor, or administrator, or other person arising out of acting in a fiduciary character, or as to the application of the conversion or dividends or capital of any stock, and in particular as to the cases exchange‘ in which, and extent to which capital may be applied towards meeting any deficiency in income, the High Court in England or Ireland, or the Court of Session in Scotland, on the application of the trustee, executor, or administrator, or other person as aforesaid, or of any person interested in the stock, may by order determine the question.

(2.) In the case of a charity in England or Wales, subject to the provisions of the Charitable Trusts Acts, 1853 to 1887, the like orders may be made by the Charity Commissioners for England and Wales, either on their own motion or on application, and nothing in this section shall authorise an application to the High Court in the matter of such a charity without a certificate from those commissioners.

29. The Treasury may from time to time make rules for carrying Power to make into effect the provisions of this Act, and may by any such rules rules* provide —

(a) for the manner in which any dissent or assent authorised by this Act is to be signified; and

12

Provisions as to Bank.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 61.

Bemnneration of Banks of England and Ireland.

Definitions.

Ch. 2. National Debt (Conversion) Act, 1888. 51 Vict.

(b) as to the evidence which the Bank may require of the right to signify dissent or assent within or after any time limited in that behalf, or of title, nnsoundness of mind, infancy, or any other matter; and

(c) in the case of any stock holder who is of unsound mind, or an infant, or otherwise under disability, for any dissent or assent authorised by this Act being signified by the committee, guardian, or other person on behalf of that stock holder; and

(d) where one or more holders of stock on a joint account is or are of unsound mind, an infant or infants, or under disability, or out of the United Kingdom, for dispensing with the dissent or assent of that holder or those holders; and

(e) in the case of stock holders absent beyond Europe, for the payment or adjustment of dividends falling due before the expiration of the time limited for signifying their dissent; and

(f) for any matter which may under this Act be prescribed.

30. — (1.) A warrant from the Treasury shall be a sufficient authority to the Bank for anything done by the Bank in pursuance of that warrant for the purposes of this Act.

(2.) The Bank shall not be concerned to inquire as to whether any such consent as is required by this Act is given to any exchange of stock, nor be responsible in the event of any such consent not having been given, and may act on any evidence authorised by rules made under this Act, and are hereby indemnified for so acting.

(3.) Nothing in this Act, or in any rules under this Act, shall affect the Bank with notice of any trust.

(4.) The Bank shall have power to advance to the Treasury any money which may be required for the purposes of this Act.

(5.) Any payment which the Bank are authorised by or under this Act to make to a holder of stock, or to any person holding & power of attorney to receive dividends on stock may be made by warrant, and any such warrant shall be deemed to be a cheque within the meaning of the Bills of Exchange Act, 1882, and the posting of the letter containing the warrant, addressed in the prescribed manner, shall, as respects the liability of the Bank, be equivalent to the delivery of the warrant to the stockholder.

3L There shall be paid to the Banks of England and Ireland respectively out of the Consolidated Fund on account of any additional trouble, expense, and responsibility which may be imposed on them by this Act, in addition to the remuneration otherwise payable in respect of the management of the National Debt, such remuneration as the Treasury and the Banks respectively agree upon.

32. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, —

"The Treasury’* means the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury.

"High Court" means Her Majesty's High Court of Justice in England or Ireland, as the case may require.

1888. National Debt (Conversion) Act, 1888. Ch. 2, 3.

"The Lord Chancellor" means the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain.

" The Bank" means the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, as the case may require.

" Person " includes a body of persons corporate or unincorporate.

" Financial year" means the twelve months ending the thirty-first day of March.

[Short title.]

33. This Act may be cited as the National Debt (Conversion)

Act, 1888.

CHAPTER 3.

An Act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing superfluous expressions of enactment, and enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary.

[27th March 1888.]

WHEREAS in numerous statutes the expression "be it further t enacted by the authority aforesaid, " or similar expressions of enactment, are frequently repeated, and it is expedient, with a view to the revision of the Statute Law, and particularly to the improvement of the Revised Edition of the Statutes, to repeal these expressions, which are superfluous;

And whereas it is expedient that certain enactments which may be regarded as spent, or have ceased to be in force otherwise than by express specific repeal by Parliament, or by lapse of time or otherwise have become unnecessary, should be expressly and specifically repealed:

And whereas the Crown Office Rules, 1886, regulate proceedings in outlawry in the Crown Office of Her Majesty's High Court of Justice, and it is expedient that like rules be made for regulating proceedings in outlawry in courts of assize, oyer and terminer, and gaol delivery, and in other courts in England:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follow's:

1. — (1.) The enactments described in Parts I. and IL of the Enactment* schedule to this Act are hereby repealed: repeS*116

(2.) The Lord Chancellor may, if he thinks fit, by order, extend the Crown Office Rules in force for the time being as to proceedings in outlawry to proceedings in outlawry in courts of assize, oyer and terminer, and gaol delivery, and in other courts in England, with such modifications (if any) as to him may seem expedient; and, as from the date of the order under this enactment coming into operation, the enactments in Part III. of the Schedule to this Act shall be repealed.

(3.) Provided that the repeal of any words or expressions described in Part I. shall not affect the binding force, operation, or

14

Ch. 3. Statute Law Revision , 1888. 51 VICT.

construction of any statute, or of any part of a statute, whether as respects the past or future;

And where any enactment not comprised in the Schedule to this Act has been repealed, confirmed, revived, or perpetuated by any enactment hereby repealed, such repeal, confirmation, revivor, or perpetuation shall not be affected by the repeal effected by this Act;

And the repeal by this Act of any enactment shall not affect any enactment in which such enactment has been applied, incorporated, or referred to;

Nor shall such repeal of any enactment affect any right to any hereditary revenues of the Crown, or affect any charges thereupon, or prevent any such enactment from being put in force for the collection of any such revenues, or otherwise in relation thereto;

And this Act shall not affect the validity, invalidity, effect, or consequences of anything already done or suffered, — or any existing status or capacity, — or any right, title, obligation, or liability already acquired, accrued, or incurred, or any remedy or proceeding in respect thereof, — or any release or discharge of or from any debt, penalty, obligation, liability, claim, or demand, — or any indemnity, — or the proof of any past act or thing;

Nor shall this Act affect any principle or rule of law or equity, or established jurisdiction, form or course of pleading, practice, or procedure, or any existing usage, franchise, liberty, custom, privilege, restriction, exemption, office, appointment, payment, allowance, emolument, or benefit, notwithstanding that the same respectively may have been in any manner affirmed, recognised, or derived by, in, or from any enactment hereby repealed;

Nor shall this Act revive or restore any jurisdiction, office, duty, drawback, fee, payment, franchise, liberty, custom, right, title, privilege, restriction, exemption, usage, practice, procedure, or other matter or thing not now existing or in force;

And this Act shall not extend to repeal any enactment so far as the same may be in force in any part of Her Majesty's dominions out of the United Kingdom, except where otherwise expressed in the said schedule.

2. This Act may be cited as the Statute Law Revision Act, 1888.

SCHEDULE.

This schedule is to be read as referring to the Revised Edition of the Statutes prepared under , the direction of the Statute Law Committee in all cases of statutes included in that edition; and as referring, in the case of all Statutes not so included and passed before the reign of George the First, to the edition prepared under the direction of the Record Commission.

A description or citation of a portion of an Act includes the words mentioned or referred to as forming the beginning or as forming the end of the portion comprised in the description or citation.

1888. Statute Law Revision Act, 1888. Ch. 3. 15

PART I.

Reign and Chapter, &c. J Title.

4 Hen. 8. c. 8. P RiSS Strode. In part; namely — Section two, from " ov that " to " auctoritie " (wherever those words occur in the said section).

21 Hen. 8. c. 6. An Acte conSninge the takinge of mortuaries or demaundinge re-ceivinge or clayminge of the same. In part; namely — Section five, from " be it" to " aforesaid that "

, c. 20. An Acte that the psidente of the kynges connsaile shalbe associate with the channcellor and treasonrer of Englande and the keper of the kinges privie seale. In part; namely — Section two, from " also be yt " to " Parliament that "

22 Hen. 8. o. 5. An Acte conSnyng the amendement of bridge in highe wayes. In part; namely — Section three, from " be it " to " enacted "; six, from " be it " to " aforesaide that "

23 Hen. 8. o. 5. A gefiall Acte conSnynge commissions of sewers to be directed in all partf within this realme. In part; namely — In sections two and eight, the words "it is also enacted that "; three, from "it is also " to " aforesaid that "; four, from "over that" to "enacted that"; in five, the words "and it is enacted "; six, from " also it is " to " aforesaid that "; seven, from " it is furthermore " to " enacted that "; eight, ten, fourteen, from "it is" to " enacted that"; in eight, the word "that " before " the said "; and in fourteen, the word "that " before " there "

»» c. 9. An Acte that no psonne shalbe cited oute of the ding where he or she dwelleth excepte inStayne cases. In part; namely — Section four, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "

, c. 30. An Acte for feoffment^ & assuraunce of landes & tefitf made to the use of any parisshe churche chapell or suche like. In part; namely — Section three, from " it is " to " enacted that, " and the word "that" before " [than], " and the word "that " before " this cstatute "

, c. 20. - An Acte conSnyng restraynt of payment of annates to the see of Rome. In part; namely — Section two, from "furthermore" to "Parliament"; four, from " it ys " to " Parliament that "

24 Hen. 8. c. 12. - An Acte that the appeles in suche cases as have ben used to be pursued to the see of Rome shall not be from heDsforth had ne used but wythin this realme. In part; namely — Sections two, four, from " it is " to first " aforesaid "

25 Hen. 8. c. 19. An Acte for the submission of the clergie to the Kynges Majestie. In part; namely — Section four, from " bo it" to "aforesede"

16

Ch. 3.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1888.

51 Tier.

Reign and Chapter, &c.

Title.

25 Hen. 8. c. 20.

c. 21.

- An Acte restraynyng the payment of annates Ac.

In part; namely —

Section three, from " Furthermore" to " aforsed"; four, five, six, from " be it " to first " aforesaid "

An Acte for the exoRacion frome exaceions payde to the see of Rome.

In part; namely —

Sections two, three, twelve, sixteen, from Be it " to first aforesaid"; five, eleven, from be it" to "enacted"; seven, eight, from "Be it" to "same"; in nineteen, the words and be it enacted"; twenty-one, from be it" to "Parliament"; twenty-two, from "and be yt" to " Par-lyament "; twenty-three, from " be it " to first44 aforsayd"

26 Hen. 8. c. 3.

An Acte concerninge the paiment of firste frnites of all dignities benefices and gmocyons spirituall; and also concerninge one amraell pencyon of the tenthe parte of all the possessions of the churche, spirituall and tempo rail, grannted to the kinges highnes and his heires.

In part; namely —

Sections two, five, thirteen, nineteen, from be it (or yt) " to first " aforesaide "; three, four, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, seventeen, from "it (hit or yt) is" to first44 aforesaide "

c. 14.

27 Hen. 8. c. 8.

c. 10.

c. 24.

c. 26.

28 Hen. 8. c. 11.

c. 15.

- An Acte for ndlacSn and consecracyon of suffragans wythin this

realme.

In part; namely —

Sections two, three, from " be it (or yt) " to44 aforesaide that "; seven, from be yt " to enacted that "

- An Acte for discharg of payment of the xth in that yere in whiche

they paye there furst frutes.

In part; namely —

Section two, from be it" to enacted "; three, from it is " to thauctorite aforseid "; four, from 4* be it " to auctorite aforseid "

* An Acte conSnyng uses & wylles.

In part; namely —

Sections two, four, from be it" to auctorite aforseid "

- An Acte for recontynnyng of Rtayne lib ties and francheses heretofore

taken frome the crowne.

In part; namely —

Section two, from be it " to aforseid "; three, from be it" to psent Parliament "; ten, from over this " to aforesaid that "; and the word that " before his "; fourteen, from it is " to aforesaid that "

- An Acte for lawes and justise to be ministred in Wales in like fourzne

as it is in this realme.

In part; namely —

Sections four, five, six, twenty-two, from it is " to first aforesaid "; seven, nine, from also it is " to first44 aforesaid"

• An Acte for restitucbn of the first fruytys in the tyme of vacacion to

the next incumbent.

In part; namely —

Section two, from 44it is" to "aforsaid"; four, from and be it" to first44 aforesaid "

• An Acte for punysshement of pyrotes and robbers of the see.

In part; namely —

Sections two, three, from bo it " to first44 aforseid "

1888.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1888. Ch. 3.

17

Reign and Chapter, &c. 1

Title.

31 Hen. 8. c. 10.

32 Hen. 8. c. 9.

c. 28.

c. 34.

c. 37.

c. 40.

33 Hen. 8. c. 9.

c. 12.

c. 24.

c. 39.

34 & 35 Hen. 8. c. 2.

c. 20.

(the law reports.]

An Acte for the placing of the lordf in the Parliam1.

In part; namely —

Sections five, six, seven, ten, from "it is" to first "afore-Baide "; three, eight, from "it is" to "enacted"; nine, from " Be it" to first " aforesaide"

Agenst maintenance and embracery byeng of titles, &c.

In part; namely —

Section two, from "over that" to first "aforesaid"; four, six, from " and be it " to first " aforsaid "

An Acte that lesez may enjoy their fermes.

In part; namely —

Section five, from " furthermore " to " aforesaid that " Graunties of reversions.

In part; namely —

Section two, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "

For reco9ing of arreragf by executors & administrato's.

In part; namely — '

Section three, from "further" to "aforesaid that"; four, from " likewise " to " aforesaid that "

OonSning phisicians.

In part; namely —

Section two, from "that it may" to "established"; three, from "be it" to "that"

An Acte for maynten'nce of artyllarie and debarringe of unlauful games.

In part; namely —

Sections eight, nine, eleven, twelve, from beginning of section to "aforesaid that"; in eight, the word "that" before "then it" and the word "that" before " the partye"; in eleven, the word "that " before " noe manner " and the word "that " before " all justice "; and in twelve, the word "that" before "the moytie"; thirteen, from "And that this estatute" to end of section.

An Acte for murther and malicious bloudshed within the courte.

In part; namely —

Sections two, four, five, from "be it" to first "aforesaide"; six, seven, and twelve, from "and be it" to first "aforesaid "; thirteen, from " also be it " to " aforesaide that "

An Acte that noe man shalbe justice of assise in his owne oountrio.

In part; namely —

Section six, from " and be it " to " abovesaide "

The Byll for thestablishment of the courte of surveyor.

In part; namely —

Sections thirty-seven, thirty-nine, from "it is" to "above-said "; forty-one, forty-two, forty-four, forty-five, forty-six, forty-eight, fifty, fifty-one, fifty-two, from " be it" to first " a tors aide "; forty-seven, from " be it" to " enacted"; forty-nine, from "be it" to "Parliament"; fifty-five, fifty-six, fifty-eight, from " and be it " to " aforsaid."

An Acte concerning collactoures and receivoures.

In part; namely —

Sections three, five, from " and be it " to " aforesaide "; four, from " it is " to " enacted that "

An Acte to enbarre fayned recoveries of landes wherein the kinges majestie is in revercSn.

In part; namely —

Section two, from " be it also " to " aforesaide"

B

18

Ch. 8.

51 Vict.

Statute Law Revisio, 1888.

Reign and Chapter, &c. I Title.

1 Edw. 6. c. 1. i An Acte against snche as shall unreverentlie speake against the sacrament of the bodie and blonde of Christe comonlie called the sacrament of the altar, and for the receiving therof in bothe kyndes. In part; namely — Section three, from " it is also " to first " aforesaide "; fonr, from "it is further" to first "aforesaide"; in five, the words "and be it enacted"; six, from "and be it" to " aforesaide seven, from " be it" to " abovesaide that "

, c. 7. An Acte for the contynuaunce of actions after the deathe of anny king of this realme. In part; namely — Section four, from " allso be it " to " aforesaide "; five, from " be it " to " aforesaide "

c. 12. - An Acte for the repeale of certaine statutes conceminge treasons, felonyes, &c. In part; namely — Section sixteen, from " over that " to " aforesaide that "

2 & 3 Edw. 6. o. 1. - An Acte for the unvformytie of service and admynistracftn of the sacramentf throughout the realme. In part; namely — Section three, from "itis" to " abovesaide"; four, from "it is " to " aforesaide "; five, eight, ten, eleven, twelve, from "and be it" to first "aforesaide"; nine, from "be it" to "aforesaide that"; in thirteen, the words "and be it enacted "

, c. 21. - An Acte to take awaye all posityve lawes againste marriage of priests. In part; namely — Section two, from " and be it " to " aforesaide "

8 & 4 Edw. 6. c. 10. - An Acte for the abolishinge and puttinge awaye of di9se bookes and images. In part; namely — Sections two, three, four, from " be it " to first " aforesaide "; five, from " and be it " to " aforesaide "

5 & 6 Edw. 6. c. 3. - An Acte for the keping of hollie daies and fastinge dayes. In part; namely — Section two, from " it is also " to first " aforesaide "; three, from " it is enacted " to " abovesaide "; five, six, from " and it is" to first "aforesaide"; seven, from "and be it" to " aforesaide "

, c. 4. - An Acte agaynste fightinge and quarelinge in churches and churche-yarde. In part; namely — Section two, from "further" to "aforesaide"

, c. 11.- An Acte for the punyshment of di9se treasons. In part; namely — Sections five, eleven, from " and be it " to first " aforesaide six, from " be yt " to " aforesaide that"

, c. 16. - An Acte againste buyinge and sellinge of offices. In part; namely — Section two, from " be it also " to " aforesaide "

7 Edw. 6. c. An Acte that all patentees of collectourshippes of tenthes shalbe bounde for their collections. In part; namely — Section three, from " be it " to first " aforesaid "

1 Mar. Sees. 1. c. 7. - An Acte repealing certayne treasons felonies and premunire. In part; namely —; Section three, from " be yt further" to " aforesayd that"

1888.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1888. Ch. 3.

19

Reign and Chapter, &c.] Title.

1 Mar. Sess. 2* c. 3. - ! I 1 1 An Acte against offenders of preachers and other ministers in the churche. In part; namely — Sections two, three, four, from " be it " to first " aforesaid "; five, from "and be it" to first "aforesaid"; in six, the words "and be it enacted "

• 03 6 An Acte touching thincorporations of the Phisitions in London. In part; namely — Section three, from "further" to first "aforesayd"; four, from " furthere " to " enacted that "

1 A 2 Phil. & Mar. c. 10. ' An Acte wherby certayne offences bee made tresons; and also for the governement of the kinges and qnenes majesties issue. In part; namely — Section six, from "be it" to " aforesaid that "; eight, "and be it " to " aforesaid "

, c. 12. An Act touching thimpounding of distresses. In part; namely — Section two, from " further " to " aforesaid that "

24 3 Phil. & Mar. c. 7. An Acte against the byeng of stolen horses. In part; namely — Sections two, three, from "beeyt" (or "it") to " aforesaid that "; and in two, the word "that " before " thenthowner "

IHiz. c. 1. - An Acte restoring to the crowne thaucyent jurisdiction over the state ecclesiasticall and squall, and abolyshing all forreine power repugnaunt to the same. In part; namely — Section three, from "that it may" to "Flam*"; four, five, from "that yt (or it) maye" to "aforesaid"; six, eight, from " that also yt " to " aforesaid "; fifteen, from " also that yt" to first "aforesaid"; sixteen, nineteen, twenty -! two, from "and be it" to "aforesaid"; twenty-one, from i "be it " to |" aforesaid that" and the word "that" before ! " the sayd witnesses "

, c. 2. - An Acte for the uniformitie of common pravoure and dyvyne service in the churche, and the administration of the sacramentes. In part; namely — Section three, from " it is" to first "abovesayd "; five, from "it is" to "aforesaid that"; six, nine, ten, eleven, from " and be it (or it) " to first " aforesaid "; eight, fourteen, from " be it (or yt) " to " aforesaid that "; in twelve and thirteen, the words "and bee it enacted"

, c. 4. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Acte for the, " and ends with the word "realme." In part; namely — Sections three, eight, ten, from " be it" to " aforesaid that "; six, eleven, from " and be it " to first " aforesaid "; in seven the words "and be it enacted"

» c. 19. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Acte giving, " and ends with the word "tenthes." In part; namely — Section four, from "be it " to " aforesayd that "

5 Eliz. c. 9. - An Act for the punyshement of suche persones as shall procure or comit any wyllfull perjurye. In part; namely — Sections two, three, from "bee yt" to first " aforesaid"; si.\, from " and bee yt " to " aforesaid " B 2

20

Ch. 3.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1888.

51 Vict.

Reign and Chapter, &c. 1

Title.

5 Eliz. c. 23.

, c. 28.

8 Eliz. c. 2.

13 Eliz. c. 2.

c. 4.

c. 5.

, c. 9. c. 10.

c. 29.

14 Eliz. c. 11.

18 Eliz. c. 5.

c. 11.

I An Acte for the due execuccSn of the Writ De excommunicato j capiendo.

In part; namely —

Sections two, three, fVom "bee it "to first " aforesayd "; in ! seven, the words "and bee yt enacted "

I An Acte for the translating of the Bible and the dyvine service into I the Welche tongue.

In part; namely —

I Section three, from " and bee yt " to *' aforesaid "

j An Acte whereby the defendant maye recover his costes beinge I wrongfully vexed.

In part; namely —

I Sections two, four, from "bee it" to " aforesayd that"; and

in two, the word "that " before " then in every suche case "

! An Acte aguynste the bringing in and putting in execution of bulls j and other instruments from the Sea of Rome.

In part; namely —

Section two, from " bo yt " to " aforesaid that "; three, seven,

I eight, from " and be it " to first " aforesaid "

An Acte to make the landes tenemtes goodes and cattalles of tellers receavers, &c. lyable to the payment of their debtes.

In part; namely —

Sections four, eight, from "be yt" (or "it") to " aforesaid that "; and in twelve, the words "and be it enacted "

An Acte against fraudulent deedes gyftes alienations Ac.

In part; namely —

Section two, from " be yt" to " aforesaid that "; three, five, j from " and be it " to first " aforesaid "

j An Acte for the commission of sewers, i In part; namely —

i Section three, from "and be it" to "enacted"; five, from

J " bee yt " to " aforesaid that "

! An Acte against fraudes, defeating remedies for dilapidations, &c.

In part; namely —

Section three, from "and bee yt" to "aforesaid"

An Acte for thincorporation of bothe thunyversities.

In part; namely —

Sections two, four, five, from "be it" to "aforesaid that"; three, from " further more be yt " to " aforesaid that "; seven, from " and be it " to " aforesaid "

An Acte for the continuacbn explanacbn perfiting and enlardging of divers estatutes.

In part; namely —

Section six, from '* bee yt " to " enacted that "; in seven, the words "and be it enacted "

An Acte to redresse disorders in comon infourmers upon penall lawes-In part; namely —

Sections three, four, five, from " be yt " to " enacted "

An Acte for thexplanacon of the statutf entytuled againste the defeating of dilapidacons and againste leases to bee made of Bpuall promocSns in some respect.

In part; namely —

] Section two, from " be yt likewise " to " aforesaid "

1888.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1888.

Cff. 3.

21

Reign and Chapter, &c. Title.

27 Eliz. c. 3. j An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the, *’ and ends with the word "debtes." In part; namely — Section three, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "; in fonr, and seven, the words " and be it enacted "; five, from " and be it" to first " aforesaide "

, c. An Act against covcnons and fraudulent conveyaunces. In part; namely — Sections two, four, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "; and in four the word "that " before " then the said "; three, from " and be it" to " aforesaid "

31 Uliz. c. 5. An Acte concerninge informers. In part; namely — Sections two. five, from "be it" to " aforesaide that"; in two the word "that " before " everie, " and the word "that " before "then, " and in five the word "that" before "all accSns, " and the word "that " before " then "

, c. 6. r) An Acte against abuses in election of scollers and Psentacons to benefices. In part; namely — Sections two, seven, from " be it " to " aforesaide that "; five, from "be yt" to "enacted that"; nine, from "and be it" to " aforesaid "

, c. 12. An Acte to avoyde horse stealinge. In part; namely — Sections two, three, from " be it " to " enacted that, " and in three, the word "that " before " yet nevertheles, " and the word "that" beforo "the partie"

43 Eliz. c. 2. An Acte for the roleife of the poore. In part; namely — Sections two, three, six, seven, eight, eighteen, from " be it " to "enacted that "; and in seven, the word "that " before " everie "; nine, from " further be it " to " aforesaide that "; ten, from " be it " to " aforesaide that *

.. c. 4. An Acte to redresse the misemployment of landes goodes and stockes of money heretofore given to charitable uses. In part; namely — Section four, from "and be it" to "aforesaide"; in five, the words "and be it enacted"; ten, from "be it" to " enacted"

3 James 1. c. 10. - i An Acte for the rating and levying of the charges for conveying malefactors and offendors to the gaole. In part; namely — Section three, from " be it " to " Parliament that "

21 James 1. c. 3. An Act concerning monopolies and dispensations with penall lawes and the forfeyture thereof. In part; namely — Sections two, three, four, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "; six, from " and be it " to " enacted "; seven, from " and it is " to " aforesaid "; nine, from " and it is " to " enacted"

tt c. 4. - j An Act for the ease of the subject concerning the informacSns uppon penall statute. In part; namely — Sections two, three, four, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "

22 Ch. 3. Statute Law Revision Act, 1888. 51 Vict.

I

Reign and Chapter, &c. Title.

21 James 1. c. 12. j An Acte for case in pleading, against tronblesom and contencious suil£. In part; namely — Section two, from " bo it" to " aforesaid that "

, C. H. An Acte to admytt the subject to plead the generall yssue in infor-macSns of intrusion. In part; namely — Section two, from " be it " to " enacted that "

, c. 16. - I An Acte for lymytacon of accSns, and for avoyding of suitf in lawe. In part; namely — Sections three, fiye, from "be it" to "enacted that"; sir, from " be it" to " aforesaid that "; seven, from " and be it " to "enacted"

>> 23. - An Acte for avoyding of vexacdns and delayes caused by removing accbns & suitf out of inferiour courts. In part; namely — Sections two, three, four, from "be it" to " aforesaid that"

» C. 25. - An Acte for the releife of patentees tenauntf & farmors of orowne landf in cases of forfeyture. In part; namely — Section two, from " be it " to " enacted "

16 Chas. 1. c. 10. - ! i An Act for [the regulating] the Privie Councell and for taking away the Court commonly called the Star Chamber. In part; namely — Sections two, four, from "be it" to "enacted"; six, from " be it " to " enacted that "; in seven, the words "and be it enacted "; eight, from " lastly " to " enacted that"

, c. 14. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the, " and ends with the words "the same." In part; namely — Section two, from " it is " to first " aforesaid "

c. 15. - An Act against diverse incroachments and oppressions in the stannarie courts. In part; namely — Section two, from " be it " to " enacted that "

12 Chas. 2. c. 24. - An Act takeing away the court of wards and liveries and tenures in capite and by lpnghts service and purveyance, and for setling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof. In part; namely — Section three, from " bee it " to " Parliament "; four, sixteen, [seventeen, eighteen, from "bee it" to "aforesaid"; five, [six, seven, from "and be it" to "enacted"; eight, from " b^e it " to " aforesaid "; nine and twelve, from " be it " to i " enacted "

* c. 34. An Act for prohibiting the planting setting or sowing of tobaocho in England and Ireland. In part; namely — Sections two, three, from " it is " to " enacted that "; four, from " and it is " to " enacted "

13Cha8.2. stat. 1. c. 1. An Act for safety and preservation of His Majesties person and Government against treasonable and seditious practices and attempts. In part; namely — Sections five, six, seven, from " and be it " to " enacted"

1888. Statute Law Revision Act, 1888. Ch. 3. 23

Reign and Chapter, See. Title.

13 Chas. 2. c. 12. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for explanation " and ends with the word "ecclesiasticall." In part; namely — Section two, from " be it" to "aforesaid that"; three, four, - from " and it is " to " enacted "

14 Chas. 2. c. 3. - An Act for ordering the forces in the several counties of this kingdom. In part; namely — Sections seven, eight, nine, twelve, fourteen, from " be it " to " enacted"; fifteen, from " be it " to "ordained"; sixteen, twenty, from "it is" to "enacted"; twenty-one, twenty-six, thirty-two, from "and be it" to first "aforesaid"; twenty-four, from " and it is " to " declared "; in twenty-, five, thirty, the words " and be it enacted"

, c. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the " j and ends with the word "England." In part; namely — Sections five, ten, thirteen, fifteen, seventeen, twenty, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "; in thirteen, the word " that " before " the present ", and the word " that " before " all such "; and in seventeen, the word " that " before " then ", and the word "that" before "any"; eighteen, twenty-1 one, twenty-two, twenty-three, from " and be it " to first " aforesaid "

, c. 12. - An Act for the better releife of the poore of this kingdom. In part; namely — Section twenty-two, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "

15 Chas. 2. c. 4. An additional Act for the better ordering the forces in the severall counties of this kingdome. In part; namely — Section two, three, four, six, twelve, from " be it " to " enacted that"; seven, from "it is" to "enacted that"; in ten, fourteen, and fifteen, the words " and be it enacted "; 1 eleven, from " be it " to " ordained that "; seventeen, from "be it" to "aforesaid that"; twenty, twenty-one, from " and be it " to first " aforesaid "

, c. 6. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for Beleife " and ends with the word " Act." In part; namely — Section fdur, from " be it " to " aforesaid thatn

, c. 7. An Act for the encouragement of trade. In part; namely — Section sixteen, from " it is " to " enacted that "

17 Chas. 2. c. 3. I An Act for uniting churches in cittyes and townes corporate. In part; namely — Section seven, from "bee it" to "aforesaid that"; eight, from " bee it " to " enacted that "

18 *19 Chas. 2. c. 11. An Act for redresse of inconveniencies by want of proofe of the deceases of persons beyond the seas or absenting themselves, upon whose lives estates doe depend. In part; namely — Section two, from " bee it " to " enacted that "; and in four, the words " and bee it enacted "

&428Chas. 2. c. 10. I An Act for the better setling of intestates estates. In part; namely — Sections five, six, from " and bee it " to first " aforesaid "

24

Ch. 3.

Statute Law Revision, 1888.

51 Vict.

Reign and Chapter, &c. Title.

22 &23 Chan. 2. c. 11. An Act to prevent the delivery np of merchants shipps and for the increase of good and serviceable shipping. In part; namely — Sections two, four, six, from "be it" to aforesaid that "; three, from be it " to enacted that "

, c. 22. An Act for the better and more certain recovery of fines and forfeitures due to His Majestie. In part; namely — Section five, from bee it " to aforesaid that "

29 Chas. 2. c. 3. An Act for prevention of frauds and perjuryes. In part; namely — Sections four, seven, fifteen, sixteen, from bee it " to44 aforesaid that "; nine, from bee it " to enacted that "

, c. 7. - An Act for the better observation of the Lords day commonly called Sunday. In part; namely — Section two, from it is " to enacted "; five, from and bee it " to aforesaid "

, c. 8. An Act for confirming and perpetuating augmentations made by ecclesiasticall persons to small vicarages and curacies. In part; namely — Section fonr, from bee it " to aforesaid that "; five, from bee it " to enacted that "

31 Chas. 2. c. 2. An Act for the better secureing the liberty of the subject, and for prevention of imprisonments beyond the sea3. In part; namely — Sections four, ten, nineteen, from bee it " to aforesaid that "; six, thirteen, sixteen, from and be it " to enacted "; eight, nine, from and bee it " to first aforesaid "

1 James 2. c. 17. An Act for reviveing and continuance of severall Acts of Parlyament therein mentioned. In part; namely — Section six, from "and it is" to "enacted"; seven, from and it is " to aforesaid "

1 Will. & Mar. c. 6. - An Act for establishing the Coronation Oath. In part; namely — Section four, from " bee it " to enacted that "

, -c. 16. An Act that the Simoniacall Promotion of one Person may not prejudice another. In part; namely — Section two, from bee it " to aforesaid that "

, c. 18. An Act for Exempting their Majestyes Protestant Subjects dissenting from the Church of England from the Penalties of certaine Lawes. In part; namely — Sections five, eight, from bee it " to aforesaid that "; fifteen, from and bee it " to " aforesaid "

, c. 21. An Act for enabling Lords Commissioners for the Great Seale to execute the office of Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper. 1 In part; namely — Sections two and six, from and bee it " to aforesaid "; three, four, five, seven, eight, from bee it " to " aforesaid that "; and in five, the word that " before in such case, " and the word that " before " it shall "; and in seven, the word "that " before " every 6uch "

1888.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1888. Ch. 3.

25

Reign and Chapter, &c. Title.

1 Will. & Mar. c. 26. An Act to vest in the two universities the presentations of benefices belonging to papists In part; namely — Section two, from *' bee it" to " aforesaid that"

, sess. 2. c. 2. An Act declareing the rights and liberties of the subject and setleing the succession of the Crowne. In part; namely — Section two, from "bee it" to "aforesaid that"; and the word "that " before " the same "

2 Will. & Mar. c. 5. An Act for enabling the sale of goods distrained for rent in case the rent be not paid in a reasonable time. In part; namely — Section three, from " bee it " to " aforesaid that"; four, from " and bee it" to "enacted"

3 Will. & Mar. c. 11. An Act for the bettor explanation and supplying the defect^ of tho former laws for the settlement of the poor. In part; namely — Sections five, eight, ten, from "and be it" to "enacted"; seven, from " it is " to " enacted that "; nine, from " be it " to " enacted that "

4 Will. & Mar. c. 4. An Act for takeing special bails in the countrey upon actions and suites depending in the courts of King’s Bench Comon Pleas and Exchequer att Westminster. In part; namely — Sections two, three, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "

, c. 16. An Act to prevent fraud £ by clandestine mortgages. In part; namely — Section two, from "be it" to " aforesaid"; three, from "and be it " to " aforesaid "

, c. 18. An Act to prevent malicious informations in the Court of Kingf Bench and for the more easie reversal of outlaries in the same court. In part; namely — Section six, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "

, c. 24. An Act for reviving continuing and explaining several laws therein mentioned [that] are expired and neare expiring. In part; namely — Section four, from "be it" to "aforesaid that"

5 Will. & Mar. c. 4. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to repeal, " and ends with the word "county." In part; namely — The word " that" before " the persons"

5 & 6 Will. & Mar. c. 11. i An Act to prevent delays of proceeding^ att the quarter sessions of the peace. In part; namely — Section five, from " and bee it " to first "aforesaid"

, c. 20.; An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for granting, " and ends with the words "against France." In part; namely — Section nineteen, from " be it " to " enacted "; twenty-five, from "it is" to first " aforesaid"; twenty-eight, from " and be it " to " aforesaid "; twenty-nine, from " and it is " to "enacted"; in thirty, the words "and be it enacted"; thirty-four, from " be it " to " enacted that "

26

Oh* 3.

Statute Law Revision, 1888.

51 Vict.

Reign and Chapter* . Title.

6 «k 7 Will. & Mar. c. 2. An Act for the freauent meeting and calling of Parliaments. In part; namely — Section two, from. " bee it *’ to " aforesaid "

, c. 4. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for exempting* and ends with the words "upon juries.’* In part; namely — Section two, from be it " to " aforesaid that’ *

7 <fe 8 Will. 3. c. 3. - An Act for regnlateing of tryals in cases of treason and misprision of treason. In part; namely — Sections two, eight, from "be it* to "enacted that*; four, from " bee it "to " aforesaid that"; nine, from and bee it *’ to first " aforesaid "

, c. 7. - An Act to prevent false and double returns of members to serve in Parliament. In part; namely — Sections two, three, four, from "bee it" to " enacted that"; and in four, the word 4 4 that " before " whoever "; five, from " bee it ’* to aforesaid that "; and the word that *’ before the partie "

, c. 25. - An Act for the further regulating elections of members to serve in Parliament, and for the preventing irregular proceedings of sheriffs and other officers in the electing and returning such members. In part; namely — Section two, from "bee it’* to 44aforesaid’*; six, seven, from bee it ’* to enacted "

8 & 9 Will. 3. c. 20. - An Act for making good the deficiences of several frmdf therein mentioned and for enlargeing the capital stock of the Bank of England and for raising the publick creditt. In part; namely — Sections twenty-eight, thirty-one, thirty-two, from be it" to "enacted"; thirty-three, thirty-five, thirty-seven, forty* eight, from " be it to first44 aforesaid ’*; in forty-nine, the words "and be it enacted"; fifty-one, from "be it" to enacted that "

0.27.- An Act for the more effectual relief of creditors in cases of escapes and for ^venting abuses in prisons and pretended priviledged places. In part; namely — Sections six, seven, eight, nine, from be it" to aforesaid that "; sixteen, from be it " to enacted that "

c. 30. An Act for supplying some defect^ in the laws for the relief of the poor of this kingdome.:In part; namely — Sections three, six, from " be it" to " aforesaid that *

9 Will. 3. c. 15. An Act for determining differences by arbitration. In part; namely — Section two, from be it " to " aforesaid that "

, c. 35. - An Act for the more effectual suppressing of blasphemy and profaneness. In part; namely — Sections two, three, from " and be it " to first44 aforesaid "

issa

Statute Law Revision, 1888. Ch. 3.

27

Reign and Chapter, &c.

Title.

9 Will. 3. c. 44. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for

raising " and ends with the words "East Indies."

! In part; namely —

Section forty-two, from " it is " to " aforesaid that "; fifty-two, sixty-one, sixty-two, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "; fifty-three, from " and it is" to " enacted"; in sixty-fonr, the words "be it enacted "

10 Will. 3. c. 23. - An Act for suppressing of lotteries.

In part; namely —

Section two, from "be it" to " aforesaid "; three, from " be it " to " enacted "

11 WilL 3. c. 7. - An Act for the more effectuall suppression of piracy.

In part; namely —

Sections seven, twelve, fourteen, seventeen, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "; and in fourteen, the word "that " before " all and every "; eight, from " be it " to " enacted that "; sixteen, from " and be it " to first " aforesaid "

12 & 13 Will. 3. c. 4.

c. 10.1

I

An Act for appointing wardens and assay masters for assaying wrought plate in the cities of York Exeter Bristol Chester and Norwich.

In part; namely —

Sections two, three, four, six, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "; five, from " it is " to " enacted that "

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for granting " and ends with the words "necessary occasions "

In part; namely —

Section eighty-seven, from "be it" to "aforesaid that"; eighty-eight, from " be it" to " enacted that"

Anne, c. 2. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for

explaining" and ends with the word "government"

In part; namely —

Sections four, six, from "And be it" to " enacted that "; five, from " And be it " to " aforesaid "

J5

99

99

99

c. 3. - An Act for continuing the Act made in the eighth year of His late

Majesties reign for better preventing the counterfeiting the current coin of this kingdom.

In part; namely —

Sections four, five, from " be it" to " aforesaid "

c. 12. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to

explain " and ends with the words "Boohester Bridge "

In part; namely —

Sections two, three, five, six, seven, nine, 'from " be it" to " aforesaid that "; and in five, the word "that " before " no presentment "

stat. 2. c. 6. An Act for the better preventing escapes out of the Queen's Bench j and Fleet Prisons.

In part; namely —

Sections two, four, from " be it " to " enacted "; three, from " and be it" to first " aforesaid"

99

C. 9.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for punishing " and ends with the word "Ships."

In part; namely —

Section three, from " And be it " to " aforesaid that "

Ch. 3.

Statute Law Revision, 1888.

51 Vict.

Reign and Chapter, &c.

Title.

4 & 5 Anne, c. 3.1

6 Anne, c. 24.

c. 41 =

c. 53.3

c. 54.4 c. 72.6

c. 78.6

7 Anne, c. 5.

. ' An Act for the amendment of the law and the better advancement of i justice.

In part: namely —

Sections nine, twelve, thirteen, seventeen, nineteen, twenty-one, twenty-four, twenty-seven, from " be it " to " aforesaid ! that "; eighteen, from " and be it " to " enacted "

• An Act for discharging small livings from their first fruits and tenths

and all arrears thereof, i In part; namely —

j Section four, from " And it is " to " declared "

- ' An Act for the security of Her Majesties person and government and ] of the succession to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant j line.

i In part; namely —

j Sections two, four, five, eight, nine, twenty-four, from " be it "

j to " aforesaid that "; three, from " and be it " to " aforesaid"; twenty-eight, from "be it" to "enacted that";

twenty-nine, from " be it " to " declared that "

An Act for settling and establishing a Court of Exchequer in the 1 north part of Great Britain called Scotland.

In part; namely —

Sections two, three, from " it is further " to first " aforesaid "; five, seven, fourteen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty-four,

twenty-five, twenty-eight, thirty-one, thirty-two, from " be

’ it" to "aforesaid that"; and in nineteen, the word "that"

j before " all and every "; in fifteen and sixteen, the word

; "that" after first "And"; twenty, from "and be it" to

! " aforesaid "; in twenty-nine, the words "and be it

j enacted "

-, An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to inlarge, "

and ends with the words "first fruits."

I In part; namely —

i Section six, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "

- An Act for the more effectual discovery of the death of persons

pretended to be alive to the prejudice of those who claim estates after their deaths.

In part; namely —

Section two, from "be it" to "aforesaid that", and the word

" that " before " then and in such case "; five, from " be it"

; to "aforesaid that, " and the word "that" before "every

t person and persons "

- An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to make, "

; and ends with the words "in Parliament."

’ In part; namely —

Sections two, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, from ("be it" to " aforesaid that, " and in nine, the word "that"

I before " every peer who "; five, from " and be it " to

"aforesaid"

• | An Act for naturalizing foreign Protestants.

1 In part; namely —

j Section three, from " And be it " to " aforesaid that "

1 Chapter 16 in the common printed editions. 3 Chapter 7 in the common printed editions.

3 Chapter 26 in the common printed editions. Chapter 27 in the common printed editions.

5 Chapter 18 in the common printed editions.

6 Chapter 23 in the common printed editions.

1888.

Statute Lavj Revision, 1888. Ch. 3,

29

Reign and Chapter, &c.' Title.

7 Anne, c. 12. - | An Act for preserving the privileges of ambassadors and other publick ministers of foreign Princes and States. In part j namely — Section four, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "

, c. 14. An Act for the better preservation of parochial libraries in that part of Great Britain called England. In part; namely — Sections three, nine, ten, from " it is " to " aforesaid that "; four, five, eight, from "be it" to "aforesaid that "; and in ten, the word "that " before " in case any "

, c. 20. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the " and ends with the words "and nine." In part; namely — Sections three, six, fourteen, twenty, from "be it " to "enacted"; four, five, twelve, thirteen, seventeen, nineteen, twenty-two, from " be it " to first " aforesaid "; eighteen, from " and be it " to " enacted "

, c. 21. An Act for improving the union of the two Kingdoms. In part; namely — Sections four, seven, eleven, twelve, fourteen, from "be it" to first "aforesaid"; nine, from "and be it " to first "aforesaid"

, c. 30.‘ An Act for enlarging the capital stock of the Bank of England. In part; namely — Sections five, sixty, sixty-six, sixty-seven, sixty-eight, from " it is" to first " aforesaid"; sixty-one, from " and it is" to first " aforesaid "

8 Anne, c. 1. An Act for granting an aid to Her Majesty to be raised by a land tax in Great Britain for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ten. In part; namely — In section one hundred and thirty-two, the words "be it enacted that’ *

c. 16. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for discharging " and ends with the words "Porteous Boll." In part; namely — Sections two, four, five, from " be it " to " aforesaid "

9 Anne, c. 25. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for rendering " and ends with the words "and boroughs." In part; namely — Sections four, five, from " And be it " to " aforesaid that "

10 Anne, c. 10. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to prevent " and ends with the words "and marriages." In part; namely — Section two, from " and be it " to " aforesaid "; ten, twelve, thirteen, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "

13 Anne, c. 13. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for rendering " and ends with the words "to papists." In part; namely — Sections two, four, five, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "; and the word "that" before "then"; six, ten, from "bo it" to "enacted that"; eight, from "it is" to "enacted i that "

1 Chapter 7 in the common printed editions.

30

Ch. 3.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1888.

51 Vict.

Reign and Chapter, &c. Title.

1 Geo. 1. Stat. 2. c. 5. An Act for preventing tumults and riotous assemblies, and for the more speedy and effectual punishing the rioters. In part; namely — Sections two, three, four, six, seven, nine, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "; and in nine the word "that" before " all and " and the words ‘‘ also that" before " all prosecutions "; five, from " and be it " to first " aforesaid "

, c. 10. An Act for making more effectual her late Majesties gracious intention for augmenting the maintenance of the poor clergy. In part; namely — Section two, from "and be it" to "aforesaid"; thirteen, fourteen, nineteen, twenty, from "be it" to "aforesaid that"

, c. 51. An Act for the more effectual securing the peace of the Highlands in Scotland. In part; namely — Sections eleven, twelve, from " it is hereby " to " aforesaid that"

, c. 56. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to disable and ends with the words "the Crown." In part; namely — Section two, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "

3 Geo. 1. c. 8. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for redeeming " and ends with the word "mentioned." In part; namely — Section thirty-nine, from "it is" to " enacted that "; forty-five, from "it is" to "aforesaid that"; fifty-three, from "be it" to "aforesaid that, " and in forty-five the word "that " before " the members."

, c. 10. An Act for the better collecting and levying the revenue of the tenths of the clergy. In part; namely — Section two, from "be it" to first "aforesaid"; three, from " it is " to first " aforesaid "

5 Geo. 1. c. 8. An Act for the more effectual relief of such wives and children as are left by their husbands and parents upon the charge of the parish. In part; namely — Section two, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "

, c. 20. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for settling " and ends with the words "those equivalents." In part; namely — Section two, from " it is" to "enacted that"; three, four, fifteen, sixteen, eighteen, from " it is " to " aforesaid that "; in three, the word "that " before " the said"; in four, the word "that" before "the payments, " and in eighteen, the word "that " before " the United"; seventeen, from " and it is " to " enacted"

, c. 29. j An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for making *’ i and ends with the words "in Scotland." j In part; namely — [Section nine, from " be it " to " enacted that "

1888.

Statute Law Revision Actt 1888. Ch. 3.

31

Reign and Chapter, &c. Title.

5 Geo. 1. c. 30. An Act for amending and making more effectual the laws for repairing the highways, bridges, and ferries in that part of Great Britain called Scotland. In part; namely — Sections two, three, four, five, six, seven, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "

6 Geo. l. c. 11. An Act for laying a duty upon wrought plate. In part; namely — Section two, from " be it " to " aforesaid "; three, from " and it is " to " aforesaid "

8 Geo. 1. o. 2. An Act for suppressing lotteries denominated sales, and other private lotteries. In part; namely — Section thirty-seven, from " bo it" to " aforesaid that"

, c. 24. An Act for the more effectual suppressing of piracy. In part; namely — Sections two, four, six, from "be it" to "aforesaid that"; ten, from " be it " to " enacted that"

9 Geo. 1. c. 7. An Act for amending the laws relating to the settlement, imployment, and relief of the poor. In part; namely — Sections five, six, from " be it" to " aforesaid that "

it c- 19. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act " and ends with the words "and Scotland respectively." In part; namely — Sections fifteen, eighteen, from " it is " to " aforesaid that"

11 Geo. 1. c. 9. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for continuing " and ends with the words "by Parliament." In part; namely — Section two, from "and it is" to " enacted"; four, from " it is " to " aforesaid that "; five, from " be it " to "aforesaid that, " and the word "that " before " the said "

, c. 30. - An Act for more effectual preventing frauds and abuses in the public revenues. In part; namely — Sections five, thirty-nine, from " And be it " to " aforesaid that "; and in thirty-nine, the word "that " before " one moiety "

13 Geo. 1. c. 26. An Act for better regulation of the linen and hempen manufactures in that part of Great Britain called Scotland. In part; namely — Sections ten, thirty-one, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "; and in thirty-one, the word "that " before " then and "; thirty, thirty-two, from " And be it " to first " aforesaid "

, c. 30. An Act for encouraging and promoting fisheries, and other manufactures and improvements in that part of Great Britain called Scotland. In part; namely — Sections two, three, six, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "; four, from " it is " to " enacted that "

1 Geo. 2. Stat. 2. c. 8. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for granting" and ends with the words "and culm." In part; namely — Section five, from " be it " to " aforesaid that, " and the word "that " before " the said "; eight, from " it is " to " enacted that "; twelve, from " and be it " to " aforesaid "

32

Ch. 3.

Statute Law Revision, 1888.

51 Vict.

Reign and Chapter, &c.

Title.

2 Geo. 2. c. 3. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for raising*' and ends with the words "sinking fund." In part; namely — Section fire, from " be it" to " aforesaid that," and the word. " that " before " the said "; seven, from " it is " to " enacted that"; eleven, from " and be it " to " aforesaid "

, c. 24. An Act for the more effectual preventing bribery and corruption in the elections of members to eerve in Parliament. In part; namely — Section two, from "be it" to "enacted"; five, six, seven, eight, ten, from "be it" to first "aforesaid"; eleven, from " and it is " to " aforesaid "

5 Geo. 2. c. 18. An Act for the further qualification of justices of the peace. In part; namely — Section three, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "

, c. 19. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to oblige " and ends with the words "with effect." In part; namely — Section three, from " it is " to " aforesaid that"

7 Geo. 2. c. 16. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the " and ends with the words "of Commons." In part; namely — 1 Sections four, eight, from "be it " to " enacted that "; seven, j from " and it is " to " enacted "

, c. 19. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the *' and ends with the words "scent thereof." In part; namely — Section two, from "it is" to "aforesaid that"; three, from "bo it" to "aforesaid that" and the word "that"before " one moiety "

, c. 20. An Act for the more easy redemption and foreclosure of mortgages. In part; namely — Section two, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "

8 Geo. 2. o. 13. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the " and ends with the word "mentioned." In part; namely — Section three, from "be it " to "aforesaid that "; four, from "and be it " to " aforesaid "

9 Geo. 2. c. 5. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act " and ends with the word "conjuration." In part; namely — Section three, from " And be it " to " enacted that "

, c. 36. An Act to restrain the disposition of lands, whereby the same become unalienable. In part; namely — Section three, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "

11 Geo. 2. c. 19. An Act for the more effectual securing the payment of rents, and preventing frauds by tenants. In part; namely — Section four, from " and be it " to first " aforesaid "; seven, eight, eleven, fourteen, fifteen, twenty-one, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "

1888.

Statute Law JUvition Act, 1888. Ch. 3.

93

Reign and Chapter, &c.

Title.

II Geo. 2. o. 22. > j An Aofc for punishing such persona as shall do injuries and violences

to the persons or properties of His Majesty's subjects with intent to hinder the exportation of oorn.

In part; namely —

Section two, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "

12 Geo. 2. c. 2fi.

c*. 28.

o. 29.

V, Geo. 2. c. 13.

c. 20.

c. 22.

• ' An Act for the better preventing frauds and abuses in gold and silver

wares, i In part; namely —

Sections fivo, fifteen, twenty, twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-three, from "be it "to "aforesaid that"; and in twenty-three, the word "that" before " in every "

- An Act for the more effectual preventing of excessive and deceitful

gaming.

Tn part; namely —

Section two, from "it is" to "declared that’’and the word "that" before "all and"; three, twelve, from "be it" to " aforesaid that "; four, from " it is " to " aforesaid that "; five, from " and it is " to " enacted "; six, seven, from " and lie it " to first " aforesaid "; nine, from " be it " to " enacted that"; ten, oleven, from " and it is " to " declared"

- An Act for the more easy assessing collecting and levying of county

rates.

In part; namely —

Sections six, seven, eleven, fourteen, twenty, twenty-one, twenty-four, from "And be it" to "aforesaid that"; in fourteen, the word "that " before " such contracts " and the word "that " before " all contracts "; in twenty-one, the word "that" before "no such writ"; and in twenty-four i the word "that" before "then"

- | An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for establishing " and ends with the words "forty-two."

In part; namely —

Sections seven, eight, from " it is " to " aforesaid that "

- An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to prevent " j and ends with the word "thread."

In part; namely —

Section two, from "And be it" to "aforesaid that", and the word "that" before "all silver to be"; three, four, six, nine, and ten, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "

- An Act to exclude certain offloers from being members of the House of Commons.

In part; namely —

Section two, from "be it" to "aforesaid that"; three, from " and it is " to " aforesaid "

, c. 33. 16 Geo. 2. c. 18.

c. 31.

- An Act for the more effectual preventing the cutting of star or bent.

In part; namely —

Section seven, from " be it" to " aforesaid that"

- An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to em-

power " and ends with the words "or chargeable."

In part; namely —

Section three, from " and be it" to " aforesaid "

- An Act for the further punishment of persons who shall aid or assist

prisoners to attempt to escape out or lawful custody.

In part; namely —

I Sections two, three, from "be it" to "aforesaid that"; in

four, the words "and be it enacted "

[tHB I.AW REPORT!1.]

c

34

Ch. 3.

Statute Law Revision, 1888.

51 VICT.

Reign and Chapter, &c. Title.

17 Geo. 2. c. 3. ! An Act to oblige overseers of the poor to give publick notice of rates made for the relief of the poor, and to produoe the same. In part; namely — Sections two, three, from " be it " to " enacted that "

»» c, 30. An Act for the more effectual preventing of the affixing of counterfeit stamps to foreign or other linnens. In part; namely — Section two, from " be it" to " aforesaid that"

, c. 37. An Act to prevent disputes touching the parishes or places where improved wastes and drained and improved marsh lands shall be charged to parochial rates. In part; namely — Section two, from "and it is" to first "aforesaid"; and in three, the words "and be it declared "

c. 38. An Act for remedying some defects in the Act made in the forty-third year of tho reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled " An Act for the relief of the poor." In part; namely — Section two, from " it is " to " enacted that "; three, eleven, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "; four, from " be it " to " enacted that "

18 Geo. 2. c. 18. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to explain " and ends with the words "called England." In part; namely — Sections five, six, from " be it" to " aforesaid that"

., c. 20. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the fifth year of His present Majesty's reign, intituled " An Act for the " further qualification of justices of the peace." In part; namely — Sections two, three, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "; four, nine, ten, thirteen, from " and be it " to first " aforesaid "; five, from " and it is " to first " aforesaid "

, c. 24. An Act for effectually preventing the exportation of foreign linens under the denomination of British or Irish linens. In part; namely — Sections two, four, from " be it" to " aforesaid that"

, c. 34. - An Act to explain, amend, and make more effectual the laws in being to prevent excessive and deceitful gaming; and to restrain and prevent the excessive increase of horse racos. In part; namely — Sections two, four, five, seven, from "be it" to "aforesaid that "

19 Geo. 2. o. 6. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for establishing " and ends with the words "forty-six." In part; namely — Sections three, five, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "; eight from " it is " to " enacted that "; fourteen, from " it is* to "aforesaid that"

c. 21. An Act more effectually to prevent profane cursing and swearing. In part; namely — Sections three, four, seven, eight, nine, ten, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "; eleven, from " it is " to " enacted that -twelve, from " and it is " to " enacted " *

1888.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1888. Ch. 3.

35

lUign and Chapter, &c. Title.

19 Geo. 2. c. 22. - An Act for the better preservation of havens, roads, channels, and navigable rivers within that part of Great Britain called England. In part; namely — Sections two, five, from " be it " to " enacted that "; fonr, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "

, c. 28. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the " and ends with the words "of themselves." In part; namely — Sections fonr, five, from "be it" to "aforesaid that"; thir- . teen, from " and be it " to " aforesaid "

c. 37. - An Act to regulate insurance on ships belonging to the subjects of Great Britain and on merchandizes or effects laden thereon. In part; namely — Section two, from "and be it" to "aforesaid"; three, from " and it is " to " enacted "; six, from " be it" to " aforesaid that"

20 Geo. 2. o. 43. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for taking " and ends with the words "more complete." In part; namely — Sections fonr, eighteen, from " it is " to first " aforesaid "; fourteen, from " be it " to " aforesaid "; twenty-four, twenty-six, twenty-seven, from " and it is " to " enacted"; twenty-five, twenty-eight, thirty, thirty-one, thirty-eight, forty-three, from " be it" to " aforesaid that "; in twenty-five the word "that" before "all letters"; and in forty-three the word "that " before the second " from "; thirty-three, from " it is " to " enacted "; thirty-seven, from " and it is " to " aforesaid "

, c. 50. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for taking " and ends with the word "Highlands." In part; namely — In section two, the words "be it enacted"; section four, from " be it " to " enacted "; nine, from " be it" to " aforesaid"

21 Geo. 2. c. 19. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act " and ends with the word "mentioned." In part; namely — In section eight, the words "and be it enacted"; sections nine, ten, from "it is" to "enacted that"; eleven, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "; thirteen, from " be it " to " enacted that "

22 Geo. 2. c. 48. An Act to ascertain and establish the method of proceeding to and upon outlawries for high treason and misprision of high treason in Scotland. In part; namely — Sections three, four, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "

23 Geo. 2. c. 1. An Act for reducing the several annuities which now carry an interest after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum to the several rates of interest therein mentioned. In part; namely — Sections two, four, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "; and in four, the word "that " before " the said "; seven, from *' it is " to aforesaid that "; eight, from and it is " to 1 " aforesaid " C 2

36 Ch. 3. Statute Law Act, 1888. 51 Vict.

Reign and Chapter, &c. I Title.

23 Geo. 2. c. 22. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for giving *' and ends with the word "subscribed." In part; namely — 1 Sections two, eight, ten, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "; in two, the word "that " before " no part "; and in ten. the word "that" before "the said"; thirteen, from "it i is " to " aforesaid that "; fourteen, from " and it is " to 1 " aforesaid "

24 Geo. 2. c. 4. ' An Act for enabling the Bank of England to hold general courts and ' courts of directors in the manner therein directed.

, c. 31. - In part; namely — Section twenty-two, from " be it " to " aforesaid that " ! An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for explaining M and ends with the word "manufactures." In part; namely — Sections twenty-three, thirty, from " be it to " aforesaid j that "

c. 40. i An Act for the more effectually restraining the retailing of distilled j spirituous liquors. 1 In part; namely — j Suctions twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, thirty-one. from "be it" to "aforesaid that"; in twelve, the word "that" before "one moiety", and in thirteen, the word "that " before " all licences "

, c. 44. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the " i and ends with the words "their warrants." j In part; namely — Section six, from "be it " to " aforesaid that "; eight, from " and be it " to first " aforesaid "

25 Geo. 2. c. 4. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for appointing " and ends with the words "chief clerk." In part; namely — Section two, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "

c. 30. An Act to amend an Act made in the last session of Parliament (intituled An Act for regulating the commencement of the year, and for correcting the calendar now in use). In part; namely — Section three, from " and it is " to " aforesaid "

, c. 36. An Act for the better preventing thefts and robberies, and for regulating places of publick entertainment and punishing persons keeping disorderly houses. In part; namely — Sections ten, thirteen, from " be it" to " aforesaid that "

, c. 37. - An Act for better preventing the horrid crime of murder. In part; namely — Sections three, six, eight, nine, from "lie it " to " aforesaid that "; in six, the word "that " liefore " no person "; and in four, the words "and be it enacted "

, c. 39. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to obviate " and ends with the word "aliens." In part; namely — Section two, from " and be it " to " aforesaid "

26 Geo. 2. c. 1 (-. An Act for the settling and ascertaining the fees to be taken by clerks to justices of the peace. In part; namely — Sections two, three, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "; four, from " and be it " to " aforesaid "

1888.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1888. Ch. 3.

37

i

Reign and Chapter, &c. I Title.

27 Geo. 2. c. 3.

-9 Geo. 2. c. 23.

c. 36.

31 Geo. 2. c. 22.

c. 32.

32 Geo. 2. c. 15.

c. 24.

c. 28.

o.33.

1 Geo. 3. c. 13.

• i An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the "

and ends with the words "against felons."

In part; namely —

Section four, from " and it is " to " aforesaid "

- An Act for encouraging the fisheries in that part of Great Britain 1 called Scotland.

In part; namely —

Section seventeen, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "

• | An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act lor

inclosing " and ends with the words "of trees."

In part; namely —

Section two, from " and be it " to first " aforesaid "; in four, the words "and be it enacted "; five, ten, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "

- An Act for granting to His Majesty several rates and duties upon

offices and pensions.

In part; namely — i Sections fourteen, sixteen, from " be it" to "aforesaid";

fifteen, seventeen, eighteen, from ‘‘it is" to "enacted"; nineteen, twenty, twenty-nine, thirty, from "be it" to I " enacted "; twenty-one, twenty-two, seventy-nine, from

" it is " to " aforesaid "; twenty-three, from " and it is " to " enacted"

• An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for

repealing " and ends with the word "exported."

In part; namely —

Sections eight, nine, from " be it " to " aforesaid thut "

• An Act for the better preservation of the turnpike roads in that part I of Great Britain called Scotland.

J In part; namely —

Sections two, three, four, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "; five, six, eight, from " and be it " to "aforesaid"; nine, from "it is" to "enacted that"; eleven, from " it is " to " declared that "

- An Act to amend an Act made in the last session of Parliament for

repealing the duty granted by an Act made in the sixth year of the

reign of His late Majesty on silver plate.

In part; namely —

Sections nine, ten, from " be it " to " aforesaid that"

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for relief"

and ends with the word "benefit."

In part; namely —

Sections six, seven, eight, nine, ten, twelve, twenty-five, from " be it" to " aforesaid that, " and in section ten, the word "that " before " a list."

- An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to explain " ! and ends with the word "pensions."

In part; namely — i Section three, from " be.it " to " aforesaid that "; twelve, from

" and be it " to " aforesaid."

• | An Act the title of which begins with the words '4 An Act to amend "

and ends with the word "mentioned."

In part; namely —

’ Section two, from " be it " to " aforesaid that, " and the word

* that " before " the clerk."

38

Cr. 3.

Statute Imw Revision Act, 1888.

51 Vict.

Reign and Chapter, &c. i

2 Geo. 3. c. 15. - j I i An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the " and ends with the word "fishermen." In part; namely — Section seven, from "be it" to "aforesaid that, " and the word "that " before " the horse."

, 3 Geo. 3. c. 15. An Act to prevent occasional freemen from voting at elections of members to serve in Parliament for cities and boroughs. In part; namely — Sections three, four, five, seven, eight, from "be it" to " aforesaid that " j six, from " and it is " to " aforesaid "

5 Geo. 3. c. 17. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to confirm " and ends with the words "or lives." In part; namely — Section three, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "

, c. 26. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for carrying " and ends with the word "mentioned." In part; namely — Section two, from " be it" to first "aforesaid"

, c. 49. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to prevent " and ends with the word "Scotland." In part; namely — Sections three, five, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "

6 Geo. 3. c. 12. An Act for the better securing the dependency of His Majesty's dominions in America upon the Crown and Parliament of Great Britain. In part; namely — Section two, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "

7 Geo. 3. c. 38. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the words "other prints." In part; namely — Sections two, five, seven, eight, from "be it" to ‘‘aforesaid that"

M c* 48. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for re-gnlating " and ends with the word "courts." In part; namely — Section two, from " be it " to first aforesaid "

9 Geo. 3. c. 1 An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the word "whatsoever." In part; namely — In sections two, seven, eight, nine, the words "and be it enacted " j four, five, ten, from " and be it " to " Parliament "

i) c. 37. An Act for preventing parish poor being paid in base and counter* feit coin. In part; namely — Section seven, from " be it " to " enacted that "

10 Geo. 3. c. 44. An Act for more effectually preventing traders in exciseable commodities from using false weights and scales. In part; namely — Section three, from "be it" to "aforesaid that": and the word "that before " one moiety "

, c. 47. - ArLAotJorhetter regulating pei-sons employed in the service of the Bast India Company, and for other purposes therein mentioned. In part; namely — Sections four, five, from "be it" to "aforesaid that "; and in f?nr- ^e. " J^fore "th° "me"s seven, from and it is 99 to declared 9

1888.

Statute Law RevUtw Act, 1888. Ch. 3.

39

Reign and Chapter, &c. Title.

10 Geo. 3. c. 60. i An Act for the further preventing delays of justice by reason of privilege of Parliament. In part; namely — Section two, from " and be it" to " aforesaid"; five, six, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "

, c. 51. An Act to encourage the improvement of lands, tenements, and hereditaments in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, held under settlements of strict entail. In part; namely — Sections fourteen, fifteen, from " be it " to " aforesaid "; nineteen, twenty-one, from " and be it" to ‘'aforesaid" ^twenty, twenty-three, twenty-four, twenty-five, thirty, thirty-one, thirty-two, thirty-four, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "

11 Geo. 3. c. 31. An Act for the encouragement of the white herring fishery. In part; namely — Sections eleven, thirteen, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "

, c. 63. An Act for widening the highways in that part of Great Britain called Scotland. In part; namely — Section three, from " and be it " to " enacted "; five, from "be it" to "aforesaid"; seven, nine, from "be it" to " aforesaid that "; in seven, the word "that " before " upon such "; and in nine, the word "that " before " in all oases ", and the word "that" before " the money "

12 Geo. 3. c. 11. - An Act for the better regulating the future marriages of the Royal Family. In part; namely — Section two, from "and be it" to first " aforesaid"; three, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "

, c. 20. An Act for the more effectual proceeding against persons standing mute on their arraignment for felony or piracy. In part; namely — Section two, from "be it" to " enacted that"

, c. 24. An Act for the better securing and preserving His Majesty's dockyards, magazines, ships, ammunition, and stores. In part; namely — Section two, from " be it" to " aforesaid that "

, c. 45. - An Act for the better regulation of carters, carriages, and loaded horses, and for removing obstructions and nuisances upon the streets and highways within that part of Great Britain called Scotland. In part; namely — Sections two, three, four, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen, from "be it" to "aforesaid that"; and in nine, the word "that " before " judgment "

, c. 72. - An Act for extending the privilege of bills to promissory notes, and for limiting actions noon bills and promissory notes, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland. In part; namely — Sections forty, forty-one, from "it is" to " declared that" forty-two, forty-three, from " be it" to " aforesaid that"

13 Geo. 3. c. 21. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to extend " and ends with the words "such children." In part; namely — Sections two, four, from " and be it " to first " aforesaid "

40

Ch. 3.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1888.

51 Vict.

Reign and Chapter, &c.

Title.

13 Geo. 3. c. 52.

c. 54.

a

c. 63.

c. 81.

c. 82.

U Geo. 3. c. 48.

c. 78.

An Act for appointing wardens and asaaymasters for assaying j wrought plato in the towns of Sheffield and Birmingham.

I In part; namely —

Sections two, three, four, live, six, eight, nine, eleven, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty, twenty -one, twenty-two, twenty-five, twenty-seven, twenty-eight, twenty-nine, from " be it " to first " aforesaid "; seven, ten,

' twelve, twenty-three, from " and be it " to first " aforesaid ";

! twenty-four, from "and it is " to " declared "; twenty-six,

from " it is " to first " aforesaid "; thirty, from " and it is "

I to first " aforesaid "

An Act for the more effectual preservation of the game in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for repealing and amending several of the laws now in being relative thereto.

In part; namely — .

Sections three, four, five, eight, nine, ton, from " be it " to i "aforesaid that"; and in eight, the word "that" before

"all"; six, eleven, twelve, thirteen, from "and lie it" to first " aforesaid "

An Act for establishing certain regulations for the better manage-| ment of the affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe.

In part; namely —

Sections eight, nine, eighteen, nineteen, twenty-three, twenty-four, thirty-three, thirty-six, thirty-eight, thirty-nine, forty-one, forty-two, forty-six, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "; ten, from " it is" to " enacted that"; fourteen, twenty-five, thirty-seven, from " and be it " to first " aforesaid "; and in sixteen and forty-five, the words "and be it enacted "; seventeen, from *" it is " to " provided that"

An Act for the better cultivation, improvement, and regulation of the common arable fields, wastes, and commons of pasture in this kingdom.

In part; namely —

Sections three, four, five, seven, fifteen, twenty-six, from " be it" to "aforesaid that"; and in threo and five, the word, " that " before " such "; in fifteen, the word "that " before

" the clear " j in twenty-six, the word H that " before " then " (twice); six, eight, nine, ten, thirteen, fourteen, sixteen, twenty-three, twenty-five, from " and be it " to first " aforesaid " i in twelve, the words "and bo it enacted "; in twenty-four, the words "be it enacted that "

I An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the I 1 letter " and ends with the words "and places."

In part; namely —

! Sections two, three, twelve, thirteen, sixteen, from "be it" to

" enacted that " j five, six, ten, seventeen, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "; and in ten, the word "that " before " then and in"; seven, eleven, fourteen, fifteen, from " and be it" to"enacted"

An Act for regulating imnmmces uj>ou lives, and for prohibiting all such insurances except in cases where the persons insuring shall have an interest in the life or death of the persons insured.

In part; namely —

Sections two, three, from " be it " to " enacted that "

An Act the title of which begins with the Words " An Act for the" and ends with the words "of Middlesex."

In part; namely — i Section eighty-six, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "

1888.

Ch. 3.

41

Statute Law Revisio Act, 1888.

Rdgn and Chapter, &c. | Title.

I

U Geo. 3. c. 83. - An Act for making more effectual provision for the government of the

provinoe of Quebec in North America.

In part j namely —

Section eight, from " bo it" to "aforesaid that"; and the word "that" before " in all matters"; eighteen, from " and it is " to " enacted "

c. 8S.

15 Geo. 3. c. 83.

e.

17 Geo. 3. c. ‘Jt».

c. 53.

• An Act tho title of which begins with the words "An Act to establish " and ends with the words "in America."

In part; namely —

Section five, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "

- An Act tho title of which logins with the words "An Act for enabling " and ends with the words "therein mentioned."

In part; namely —

Section two, from "it is" to "enacted"; five, from "be it" to " enacted that"; seven, from " be it" to " aforesaid, that "

• 1 An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for

applying " and ends with tho words " other purposes."

In part; namely —

Section two, from " be it " to " declared that "; nine, ten, from " and bo it " to " enacted "

• An Act for the more effectual prevention of the manufacturing of ash,

cider, sloe, and other leaves, in imitation of tea, and to prevent

frauds in the revouuc of exoiso, in respect to tea.

In part; namely —

(Section two, from "it is " to " aforesaid that"; three, five, six, nine, from " bo it " to " aforesaid that "; four, from " and it is " to first " aforesaid "

- j An Act the titlo of which begins with the words "An Act to pro-

mote" and ends with the words "their benefices."

In part; namely —

Sections two, four, six, eight, nine, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, twenty-one, from "be it" to "enacted that"; and in six, the word "that" before "every such"; three, five, ten, eleven, fifteen, seventeen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty, from "and be it" to "enacted"; sixteen, from "and it is" to " enacted "

, c. oo. An Act for the better regulating the hat manufactory.

In part; namely —

Section six, from " be it " to " aforesaid that"; seven, eight, from " and be it " to " enacted "; nine, from " and be it " to "aforesaid"; eleven.

Id Geo. 3. c. 20. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the "

and ends with the words "those purposes."

In part; namely —

Sections two, four, five, six, seven, nine, ten, eleven, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, seventeen, nineteen, twenty, twenty-three, twenty-four, twenty-five, twenty-six, twenty-nine, thirty, thirty-one, thirty-two, thirty-three, thirty-five, thirty-six, thirty-seven, thirty-eight, thirty-nine, forty-one, forty-three, forty-five, forty-nine, fifty-one, fifty-two, fifty-three, fifty-four, fifty-five, fifty-six, fifty-seven, fifty-eight, fifty-nine, sixty, sixty-two, sixty-three, sixty-five, sixty-six, sixty-eight, sixty-nine, seventy, seventy-one, seventy-three, seventy-four, seventy-seven, seventy-eight, seventy-nine,

42 Ch. o. Statute Law Act, 1888. 51 Vict.

lleign and Chapter, &c. Title.

19 Geo. 3. c. 44. - eighty-one, eighty-three, eighty-four, from "be it" to " aforesaid that "; and in nineteen, the word "that " before "the aforesaid"; in thirty-nine, the word "that" before the second "it shall"; in forty-three, the word "that" before the second " it shall "; in fifty-five, the word "that " before " the said ", and the word "that " before " no suspension"; in fifty-six, the word "that" before "the said"; twenty-one, twenty-two, from " and be it " to first " aforesaid "; forty-seven, from " and it is" to "enacted"; sixty-four, eighty-two, from " it is" to " enacted that "; seventy-| five, from " be it " to " enacted that " An Act for the farther relief of Protestant dissenting ministers and schoolmasters. In part; namely — Section two, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "

, c. 70. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for extending " and ends with the words "other purposes." In part; namely — Section five, from " and be it " to " aforesaid "; Bix, from " and be it " to " enacted "

21 Geo. 3. c. 14. An Act for raising a certain sum by way of annuities and a lottery. In part; namely — Section sixty, from " be it " to " aforesaid that ", and the word "that " before " such "

ti c. 49. An Act for preventing certain abuses and profanations on the Lord's Day called Sunday. In part; namely — Section four, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "

, c. 66. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to explain " and ends with the words "their benefices." In part; namely — Soction two, from "be it" to "enacted that"

ii c. 70. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to explain " and ends with the words "supreme court." In part; namely — Section two, from "it is" to "declared that"; six, seven, eight, ten, twelve, fourteen, sixteen, nineteen, twenty-five, twenty-six, from "be it" to "enacted that"; thirteen, fifteen, twenty-two, twenty-three, from " it is" to " enacted that "; and in seventeen and twenty, the words "and be it enacted "

22 Geo. 3. c. 45. - An Act for restraining any person concerned in any contract, commission, or agreement maide for the publick service from being elected or sitting and voting as a member of the House of Commons. In part; namely — Sections two, nine, from " be it " to " aforesaid that"; and two, from "or if any person " to " any part thereof"; in three, six, eleven, the words "and be it enacted "; in ten, the words "be it enacted that, " and the word "that " before " in case "

• > c. 75. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act toprevent, " and ends with the words "well therein." In part; namely — Section two, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "

1888.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1888. Ch. 3.

43

Reign and Chapter, &c. 1 Title.

1 22 Geo. 3. c. 82. An Act tho title of which begins with the words "An Act for enabling, " and ends with the words "Civil List." In part; namely — Section two, from "it is" to "aforesaid that"; thirteen, fifteen, twenty-five, thirty-seven, from " be it"to "aforesaid that "; in twenty-six, twenty-nine, the words "be it enacted that"

23 Geo. 3. c 15. An Act for rendering more effectual the provisions contained in an Act of the thirteenth year of King George the First for preventing frauds and abuses in the dying trade. In part; namely- — Stations two, six, seven, twelve, from "be it" to "enacted that"; three, four, thirteen, fifteen, from " be it" to "aforesaid that "; eight, nine, eleven, from " and be it " to "enacted"; sixteen.

, c. 28. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for removing, " and ends with the words "Great Britain." In part; namely — Section two, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "

24 Geo. 3. Sess. 2. c. 20. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for altering" and ends with the words "of Sheffield." In part; namely — Section four, from "be it" to "declared that"

, , c. 25. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the " and ends with the words "East Indies." In part; namely — Sections sixty-five, sixty-six, sixty-seven, sixty-eight, sixty-nine, seventy-one, seventy-three, seventy-five, seventy-six, seventy-seven, eighty-one, from " be it " to " enacted that"; in sixty-six the word "that" before " whenever, " and the word "that " before " the said three "; in sixty-seven the word "that " before " all questions "; in seventy-seven the word "that" before " it shall"; in seventy and eighty-three the words "and be it enacted"; seventy-two, from " and be it " to " enacted "; seventy-four, eighty-two, 1 from "be it" to "aforesaid that"; seventy-nine, from " and it is " to " enacted."

, c. 26. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to repeal " and ends with the words "like purposes." In part; namely — In sections two, nine, the words "be it enacted that "; in three, six, the words "and be it enacted "

, c. 35. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to impower " and ends with the words "by law." In part; namely — In section three the words "and be it further enacted "

, c. 53. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain duties on all gold and silver plate imported, and also certain duties on all gold and silver wrought plate made in Great Britain. In part; namely — Sections four, five, six, eight, thirteen, fourteen, seventeen, nineteen, from "be it" to "enacted that"; fifteen, from " it is " to " enacted that "

25 Geo. 3. c. 77. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend, " and ends with the words "called England." In part; namely — Section five, from " be it " to " enacted that "

44

Ch. 3.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1888.

51 Vict.

Reign and Chapter, &c.

Title.

, c. 62.

c. 71.

c. 77.

27 Geo. 3. e. ll.

28 Geo. 3. c. 7.

., o. 55.

26 Geo. 3. c. 31. An Act for vesting certain snms in commissioners at the end of

every quarter of a year, to be by them applied to the reduction of the National Debt.

In part; namely —

Sections fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, from " be it" to "aforesaid that "; and in fifteen the -word " that " before " all proceedings."

, c. 57. j An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the "

I and ends with the words "or India."

In part; namely — j Section two, from " be it " to first " aforesaid"; three, four,

eight, nine, twelve, thirteen, eighteen, twenty-four, from ! "and be it " to " enacted "; five, six, seven, ten, eleven,

I fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, seventeen, nineteen, twenty,

j twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-six, twenty-seven, from

I "be it" to "enacted that"; and in sixteen the word

" that " before " when and so "; twenty-three, twenty-five, from " and be it " to " declared."

An Act to enable the East India Company to raise money by a sale of annuities, and by increasing their capital stock.

In part; namely —

Sections two, three, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "

An Act for regulating houses and other places kept for the purpose of slaughtering horses.

In part; namely —

Sections two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, ten, twelve, thirteen, fifteen, from "be it " to " enacted that "; and in two, the word "that" before "all and"; eighteen, from " be it " to " aforesaid that."

An Act for the amendment of several laws relating to the duties under the management of the commissioners of excise.

In part; namely —

Sections twelve, nineteen, from " be it" to " aforesaid"

An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious suits in Ecclesiastical Courts.

In part; uarncly —

Section two, from "And be it" to " aforesaid that"

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend, " and ends with the words *' silver thread."

In part; namely —

Sections two, three, four, five, six, from "be it" to first " aforesaid "

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the, " and ends with the words "stacking frame." j In part; namely —

Sections two, three, from " lie it to " aforesaid that "

., c. 56. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to repeal, "

and ends with the words "lieu thereof"

In part; namely —

Section two, from " be it" to " aforesaid that"

29 Geo. 3. c. 46. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for preventing, " and ends with the words "called Scotland."

In part; namely —

Sections two, three, four, from " be it " to " aforesaid that"

c. 65., An Act to enable the East India Company to raise money by further

increasing their capital stock.

In part; namely —

8eotion two, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "

1888.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1888. Ch. 3.

45

Reign and Chapter, &c.

Title.

30 Geo. 3. c. 31.

c. 48.

31 Geo. 3. c. 31.

32 Geo. 3. c. no.

c. 57. c. 63.

33 Geo. 3. c. 47.

• An Act the title of which begin* with the words "An Act to alter, "

and ends with the words "silver wares."

In part; namely —

Sections three, four, five, from " be it" to " aforesaid that"

• An Act for discontinuing the judgment which has been required by

law to be given against women convicted of certain crimes, and substituting another judgment in lieu thereof.

In part; namely —

I Section four, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "

- An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to repeal, "

and ends with the words "said province."

Impart; namely —

Sections thirty-eight, thirty-nine, forty-three, forty-four, from "be it" to "aforesaid that"; in thirty-nine, the word "that " before " every "; and in forty-three, the word "that " before " in every case "; forty, forty-five, from I " and be it " to " aforesaid."

• An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to relieve "

and ends with the words "law subject."

In part; namely —

Sections five, six, eleven, twelve, seventeen, twenty-three, i from " and be it " to " enacted "; seven, eight, from " be it "

to " enacted that "; thirteen, from "be it" to "aforesaid that "

• An Act for preventing the counterfeiting of certificates of the

characters of servants, i In part; namely —

Sections two, three, four, five, six, from " be it " to " aforesaid 1 that "; and in two, three, four, five, the word "that " before

i "then"; eight, from "and be it" to "aforesaid"; ten,

from " and be it " to " enacted "

- | An Act for the further regulation of parish apprentices.

In part; namely —

Sections three, four, fourteen, from "bo it " to " enacted that "; and in five, nine, the words "and be it enacted"

• An Act for granting relief to pastors, ministers, and lay persons of the episcopal communion in Scotland.

In part; namely —

Sections three, eight, ten, from " and be it" to first "aforesaid"; four, seven, twelve, thirteen, from "bo it" to ' " aforesaid that "; five, from "and be it" to "enacted";

six, from " be it " to " enacted that "

- j An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for placing " and ends with the words "said Company."

In part; namely —

Sections nine, fourteen, fifteen, from "be it" to "enacted 1 that"; in fourteen, the word "that" before "the said";

and in fifteen, the word "that" before " the whole "

- An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for continuing " and ends with the words "and Bombay."

In port; namely —

Sections twenty, twenty-five, twenty-seven, twenty-nine, thirty-one, thirty-two, thirty, four, thirty-five, thirty-seven, thirty-eight, thirty-nine, forty, forty-three, forty-four, fourty-five, forty-six, forty-eight, fifty-three, fifty-four, fifty-seven, sixty-two, sixty-nve, sixty-six, sixty-seven, seventy, I one hundred and thirty-seven, one hundred and forty, one

46

Ch. 3.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1888.

51 VICT.

Reign and Chapter, &c. Hilo.

33 Geo. 3. c. 67. hundred and forty-one, from " be it " to " enacted "; twenty-two, thirty, thirty-three, thirty-six, forty-nine, fifty-one, fifty-five, sixty-three, sixty-four, from " And be it" to " enacted "; fifty, from " and be it " to " declared "; one hundred and sixty-two, from " be it " to " enacted that " An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for better " and ends with the words "lawful occupations." In part; namely — Sections three, seven, from " be it" to " aforesaid that"; four, eight, from " And it is " to " declared."

34 Geo. 3. c. 58. An Act to prevent the removal of suits from the inferior courts in the County Palatine of Lancaster into the Court of Common Pleas of the said County Palatine. In part; namely — Section two, from " Be it " to " enacted that"

35 Geo. 3. c. 113. - An Act for the more effectual prevention of selling ale and other liquors by persons not duly licensed. In part; namely — Sections two, nine, from "Be it " to " aforesaid that "; and in nine, the word "that " before " it shall "; three, seventeen, from "and be it" to "enacted"; four, five, seven, eight, ten, eleven, twelve, fourteen, from "be it" to "enacted that"; in sixteen the words "and it is enacted."

, c. 122. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to enable " and ends with the word "kingdom." In part; namely — Section two, from " be it " to " enacted that."

, o. 125. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for preventing " and ends with the words "Heir Apparent; ." In part; namely — Sections two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, ten, from " be it " to " enacted that "; in seven, the word "that " before "if any, " in eight, the word "that" before "all proceedings, " and in ten, the word "that" before "all penalties."

36 Geo. 3. c. 7. An Act for the safety and preservation of His Majesty's person and Government against treasonable and seditious practices and attempts. InJ»rt; namely — Sections five, six, from " and be it " to " enacted "

, c. 9. An Act to prevent obstructions to the free passage of grain within the kingdom. In part; namely — Section two, from "be it" to "aforesaid that"; six, from " and be it " to " enacted"

, c. 52. An Act for repealing certain duties on legacies and shares of personal estates, and for granting other duties thereon in certain cases. In part; namely — Sections four, six, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen, sixteen, seventeen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty, twenty-two, twenty-three, twenty-four, twenty-five, twenty-seven, twenty-eight, twenty-nine, thirty, thirty-three, thirty-four, thirty-five, thirty-seven, thirty-eight, thirty-nine, forty-three, forty-seven, from "be it" to "enacted that"; fourteen, fifteen, twenty-one, twenty-six, thirty-one, thirty-two, forty-one, forty-four, from " and be it " to " enacted "

1888.

Ch. 8.

47

Statute Law Revision Act, 1888.

Keiga and Chapter, &c.

Title.

36 Geo. 3. c. 60.

c. 85.

c.

37 Geo. 3. c. 25.

c. 70.

c. 123.

c. 127.

c. 142.

• . An Act to regulate the making and vending of metal buttons, and to

prevent the purchasers thereof from being deceived in the real

quality of such buttons.

In part; namely —

Sections two, three, from "be it " to first " aforesaid"; foor, j fifteen, from "and it is" to "enacted"; five, six, fourteen,

twenty-one, from " be it " to "aforesaid that"; eight, nine, sixteen, from "be it" to "enacted that"; ten, eighteen, from "and be it" toenacted"; nineteen, twenty, from " and be it " to " aforesaid "

- An Act for the better regulation of mills.

In part; namely —

Sections two, three, four, five, six, eight, nine, from " be it" to " enacted that "; seven, from " and be it" to " enacted "

- An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to

regulate, " and ends with the word "mentioned."

In part; namely —

Sections two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, thirteen, fifteen, sixteen, seventeen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty, twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-three, twenty-four, from "be it" to "enacted"; eleven, twelve, fourteen, twenty-five, twenty-seven, twenty-nine, from " and be it " to " enacted "; thirty, thirty-one, from " be it " to " enacted that "

• An Act for the better raising and ordering the militia forces of the

Tower Hamlets, in the county of Middlesex.

In part; namely —

Sections three, five, from " bo it " to " enacted that "; seven, fifteen, from " and be it " to " enacted "

• An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the, "

and ends with the word "disobedience."

In part; namely —

Section two, from " and be it " to " aforesaid "; three, from " and it is " to " enacted "

- An Act for more effectually preventing the administering or taking

of unlawful oaths.

In part; namely —

Sections two, five, from "and be it" to "enacted"; three, four, from " be it " to " enacted that "; and in four, the word "that " before " it shall be "; six, from " and be it " to " aforesaid "; seven, from " and it is " to " declared "

- An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to

shorten, " and ends with the words "the Crown."

In part; namely —

Sections three, four, five, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "

- An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the, "

and ends with the words "m India."

In part; namely —

Section six, from " be it " to " aforesaid that"; seven, eleven, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, seventeen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty, twenty-one, twenty-three, twenty-five, twenty-six, twenty-seven, twenty-nine, from "be it" to "enacted that"; and in twenty, the word "that" before " no fees "; ten, from " and be it " to " enacted "

48

Ch. 3.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1888.

51 VICT.

Reign and Chapter, &c. 38 Geo. 3. c. 5.

c. -48. 1

i

, c. 52.

c. 60. -

i

, c. 69.

c. 87.

39 Geo. 3. c. 34.

c. 37.

Title.

An Act for granting an aid to His Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

In part; namely —

Sections two, one hundred and ten, one hundred and thirty-six, from " it is " to " aforesaid that "; seven, eighteen, twenty-four, from "be it" to " declared that"; nine, thirteen, fourteen, sixteen, nineteen, thirty-one, thirty-nine, forty-four, forty-seven, fifty-seven, seventy-four, seventy-five, ninety-seven, one hundred and eleven, one hundred and fourteen, one hundred and twenty-eight, one hundred and thirty-one, one hundred and thirty-three, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "; twenty-two, twenty-three, one hundred and twenty-six, one hundred and thirty-four, from " it is" to "declared that"; thirty, ninety-six, one hundred and thirty, from "it is" to "enacted that"; thirty-six, forty-eight, seventy, eighty-nine, ninety-three, ninety-four, one hundred and twenty-four, from " and be it " to first " aforesaid"; forty, forty-one, forty-two, forty-six, forty-nine, fifty, seventy-one, eighty-three, from "and be it" to "enacted"; fifty-eight, seventy-nine, from "and it is" to first "aforesaid"; seventy-seven, seventy-eight, ninety-two, one hundred and five, from " and it is " to " enacted "

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to alter " and ends with the word "commissioners."

In part; namely —

In section three, the words "be it enacted that "

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to regulate" and ends with the word "Kingdom."

In part; namely —

Sections two, three, four, five, seven, eight, nine, from " be it" to first " aforesaid"; twelve, from " and be it " to first " aforesaid."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for making" and ends with the word "ninety-eight."

In part; namely —

Section two, from " and be it " to " enacted."

An Act for allowing gold wares to be manufactured at a standard lower than is now allowed by law.

In part; namely —

Sections two, three, six, seven, eight, from "be it" to "enacted that"; four, five, from "and be it" to " enacted "; and in eight the word "that " before " all the powers "

An Act for the administration of assets in cases where the executor to whom probate has been granted is out of the realm.

In part; namely —

Sections two, three, five, seven, from "be it" to " enacted that "

An Act the title of which begins with the words '* An Act for repealing " and ends with the words "that purpose."

In part; namely —

Section three, from " be it " to " enacted that "

An Act for remedying certain defects in t he law respecting offences committed upon the high seas.

In part; namely —

Section two, from " be it " to " enacted that "

Statute Law Revision, 1888. Ch. 3.

49

1888.

Reign and Chapter, &c. Title.

39 Geo. 3. c. 55. An Act for encouraging the improvement of lands subject to the servitude of thirlage in that part of Great Britain called Scotland. In part; namely — Section five, seven, oight, from "be it" to "enacted that"; six, fourteen, from " and it is " to " declared "; in nine, the words "and be it enacted "; twelve, from " it is " to " enacted that "

n C. 56. An Act to explain and amend the laws relative to colliers in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

I. c. 79. In part; namely — In section six, the words "and be it enacted " An Act for the more effectual suppression of societies established for seditious and treasonable purposes, and for better preventing treasonable and seditious practices. In part; namely — Section two from "be it" to "aforesaid that"; three, ten, from " and be it " to " enacted "; in seven, the words "be it enacted that", and the word "that" before " it shall"; eight, thirteen, fourteen, thirty-five, thirty-six, thirty-seven, thirty-eight from "be it" to "enacted that"

, c. 110. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the " and ends with the word "offices."

39 & 40 Geo. 3. c. 14. In part; namely — Section seven, from " be it " to " enacted that " An Act for empowering his Majesty to shorten the time for the meeting of Parliament in cases of adjournment. In part; namely — Section two, from " be it " to " enacted that "

, c. 28. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for establishing " and ends with the word "hundred." In part; namely — Section sixteen, from " it is " to " declared that "

c. 36. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to enable " and ends with the words "party thereto." In part; namely — Section four, from " be it" to " enacted that"

., c. 41. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for explaining " and ends with the word "promotion." In part; namely — Section ten, from " be it " to " enacted that "

»» c. 54. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for more " and ends with the words "from them."

t, c. 77. In part; namely — Sections two, three, sixteen, from " be it " to " enacted that "; eight, fourteen, fifteen, from " and be it" to "enacted" An Act for the security of collieries and mines, and for the better regulation of colliers and miners. In part; namely — Section six from " be it " to " enacted that "; ten from " and be it " to " enacted "

•»* c. 79. An Act for establishing further regulations for the government of the British Territories in India, and the better administration of justice within the same. In part; namely — Sections four, fire, six, Beven, eight, ten, eleven, twelve, twenty-four, from "be it" to " enacted that "; in six, the word "that " before ‘ such "; and in seven, the word "that " before "no fees"; nine, nineteen, twenty-two, from "and be it " to " enacted "

50

Ch. 3.

Statute Law Revision, 1888.

51 Vict.

Reign and Chapter, &c. Title.

89 & 40 Geo. 3. c. 81. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to repeal " and ends with the words "of hops." In part; namely — Section three from " be it" to " enacted that "

, o. 88. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act concerning, " and ends with the words "time being." In part; namely — Sections two, fonr, fire, six, seven, nine, from "be it" to " enacted that "; and in two, the word "that " before " all such"

, c. 94. An Act for the safe custody of insane persons charged with offences. In part; namely — Section two, from " be it " to " enacted that "

» c< 98. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to restrain, " and ends with the words "therein limited." In part; namely — In sections two, four, the words "and be it enacted "

41 Geo. 3. (U.K.) o.23. An Act for the better collection of rates made for the relief of the poor. In part; namely — Sections two, three, four, six, seven, eight, from "be it" to " enacted that "; five, from " and be it " to " enacted "

, c. 25. An Act for the better regulation of the office of Master of the Bolls in that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; and for augmenting the salary annexed to the said office, impart; namely — m section eight, the words "be it enacted that "; nine, from " and be it " to " enacted "

, c. 32. An Act for granting to His Majesty several sums of money for defraying the charge of certain permanent services in that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland. In part; namely — Sections two, three, from " be it " to " enacted that "

, c. 52. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for declaring, " and ends with the words "United Kingdom." In part; namely — Sections two, five, six, from " be it " to " enacted that "; eight, from " and it is " to " declared "

, c. 57. An Act for the better prevention of the forgery of the notes and bills of exchange of persons carrying on the business of bankers. In part; namely — Sections two, three, from " be it " to " enacted that "

, c. 63. An Act to remove doubts respecting the eligibility of persons in holy orders to sit in the House of Commons. In part; namely — Sections two, four, from "be it" to "enacted that"; and in two, the word "that" before " if any "; in three, the words "and be it enacted "

, c. 78. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to extend, " and ends with the word "cases." In part; namely — Section two, from " be it " to " enacted that "

, c. 79. An Act for the better regulation of publick notaries in England. In part; namely — Sections two, three, four, five, seven, nine, ten, sixteen, seventeen, from " be it " to " enacted that"; eight, from " and be it" to "enacted"

1888.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1888. Ch. 3.

51

Rdgn and Chapter, &c. Title.

41 Geo. 3. (U.K.) c. 85. An Act for better payment of fines and forfeitures imposed by Justices out of session in England. In part; namely — Section three, from " be it " to " enacted that "

, c. 88. An Act for providing accommodations in assize towns for the judges in Ireland where such accommodations are not already provided. In part; namely — In sections two, three, the words "be it enacted that "

, c. 90. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the, " and ends with the words "the same." In part; namely — Sections two, three, four, five, six, from " be it " to •* enacted that"

, c. 103. An Act to declare the Isle of Malta to be part of Europe. In part; namely — Section three, from " And be it" to " that"

, o. 109. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act, " and ends with the words "such Acts." In part; namely — Sections two, four, five, six, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, fourteen, fifteen, seventeen, nineteen, twenty, twenty-one, twenty-four, twenty-five, twenty-six, twenty-eight, thirty, thirty-two, thirty-five, thirty-six, thirty-seven, thirty-eight, thirty-nine, forty-two, forty-three, from "be it" to "enacted that"; seven, eighteen, twenty-two, twenty-three, twenty-seven, thirty-four, forty-four, from " and be it " to " enacted "; forty, from "be it" to " declared that"; in four, the word "that" before " the said"; in twelve, the word "that" before the second " such "; in fourteen, the word "that " before " from "; in thirty, the word " that " before " every such "; in thirty-five, the words "also that " before " the said respective"; and in forty-two, the word "that" before "such" (twice)

42 Geo. 3. c. 46. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to require, " and ends with the words "subsequent Acts." In part; namely — Sections two, three, five, seven, from "be it" to "enacted that"

, c. 56. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to repeal, " and ends with the words "said duties." In part; namely — Sections three, nine, eleven, twenty-three, thirty, from " be it " to " enacted that "; twenty-eight, from " and be it " to " enacted "

99 c. 68. An Act to enable His Majesty to accept and continue the services of certain troops or companies of yeomanry in Ireland. In part; namely — Sections two, three, four, five, six, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, from " be it " to " enacted that "

ty c. 72. - I An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for repealing, " and ends with the wordB " Great Britain." in part; namely — Sections four, five, six, seven, eight, ten, eleven, twelve, fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, seventeen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty-nine, thirty-three, from " be it " to " enacted that "; nine, thirteen, from " and be it " to " enacted " D 2

52

Ch. 3.

Statute Law Revision, 1888.

51 VICT.

Reign and Chapter, Title.

42 Geo. 3. c. 85. - 1 j An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the " and ends with the words "safe custody." In part; namely — Sections two, three, four, five, from " be it" to " enacted that "

, c. 90. | An Act for amending the laws relating to the militia in England and for augmenting the militia. In part; namely — Sections eighteen, twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-three, twenty-four, twenty-seven, thirty-four, thirty-five, forty-two, forty-three, forty-six, forty-seven, forty-eight, fifty, fifty-one, fifty-four, fifty-five, fifty-seven, fifty-eight, sixty-two, sixty-three, sixty-six, sixty-seven, one hundred, one hundred and twenty-two, one hundred and twenty-three, one hundred and twenty-four, one hundred and twenty-five, one hundred and twenty-eight, one hundred and thirty, one hundred and thirty-one, one hundred and thirty-two, one hundred and thirty-four, one hundred and thirty-five, one hundred and thirty-six, one hundred and thirty-seven, one hundred and thirty-eight, one hundred and thirty-nine, one hundred and forty-nine, one hundred and fifty-five, one hundred and fifty-eight, one hundred and fifty-nine, one hundred and sixty, one hundred and sixty-one, one hundred and sixty-two, one hundred and sixty-five, one hundred and sixty-six, one hundred and sixty-eight, one hundred and sixty-nine, one hundred and seventy, from " be it " to " enacted that "; and in twenty-seven, the word "that " before "in all"; in forty-eight, the word "that" before "such parish"; in sixty-seven, the word "that" before "all other "; in one hundred and twenty-three, the word "that " i before "the signing"; in one hundred and forty-nine, the word "that " before " out of the "; in one hundred and sixty-six, the word "that" before "when the"; thirty-three, forty-nine, one hundred and thirty-three, one hundred and Sixty-seven, from " and be it " to " enacted "

>, c. 91. - An Act to raise and establish a militia force in Scotland. In part; namely — Sections thirteen, sixteen, seventeen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty, twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-three, twenty-four, twenty-five, twenty-six, twenty-seven, twenty-nine, thirty, thirty-one, thirty-three, thirty-four, thirty-five, thirty-seven, thirty-eight, thirty-nine, forty, forty-one, forty-two, forty-three, forty-five, forty-seven, forty-eight, forty-nine, fifty, fifty-one, fifty-two, fifty-three, fifty-four, fifty-five, fifty-seven, fifty-eight, sixty-one, sixty-two, ninety-six, one hundred and eighteen, one hundred and nineteen, one hundred and twenty, one hundred and twenty-one, one hundred and twenty-three, one hundred and twenty-five, one hundred and twenty-six, one hundred and twenty-seven, one hundred and twenty-nine, one hundred and thirty, one hundred and thirty-one, one hundred and thirty-two, one hundred and thirty-three, one hundred and thirty-four, one hundred and fifty, one hundred and fifty-one, one hundred and fifty-two, one hundred and fifty-three, one hundred and fifty-four, one hundred and fifty-five, one hundred and fifty-six, one hundred and fifty-seven, one hundred and fifty-eight, one hundred and fifty-nine, one hundred t-nd sixty-one, one hundred and sixty-three, one hundred and sixty-four, one hundred and sixty-five, from " be it " to " enacted that *'; in twenty-two, the word "that" before "in all"; in twenty-three, the word "that" before "all persons"; and the word 1 " that " before ‘ ‘ no appeal "; in forty-three, the word "that " | before "such parish"; in sixty-two, the word "that’’before

1888.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1888. Ch. 3.

53

Reign and Chapter, &c.

Title.

42 Geo. 3. c. 91. — cont.

" all other "; in one handred and eighteen, the word "that " before " the signing"; in one hundred and sixty-one, the word "that " before " when the "; twenty-eight, forty-four, one hundred and twenty-eight, one hundred and sixty-two, from "and be it" to " enacted "

c. 116. j An Act the title of which begins with the words " An Act for consolida-

ting " and ends with the word " purchased."

1 In part; namely —

(Sections five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen,

fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, seventeen, twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-five, twenty-seven, twenty-nine, thirty-five, thirty-seven, thirty-eight, thirty-nine, forty, forty-one, forty-two,

I forty-four, forty-five, forty-six, forty-seven, forty-eight, forty-

nine, fifty, fifty-one, fifty-two, fifty-four, fifty-eight, fifty-nir.e,

sixty, sixty-one, sixty-two, sixty-three, sixty-six, sixty-seven,

j sixty-eight, Sixty-nine, seventy, seventy-one, seventy-four,

seventy-five, -seventy-six, seventy-seven, seventy-eight, seventy-nine, eighty-one, eighty-two, eighty-three, eighty-four, eighty- five, eighty-six, eighty-seven, eighty-eight, eighty-nine, ninety,

ninety-one, ninety-two, ninety-three, mnety-iour, ninety-eight,

ninety-nine, one hundred, one hundred and five, one hundred and six, one hundred and eight, one hundred and ten, one hundred and eleven, one hundred and twelve, one hundred and fourteen, one hundred and fifteen, one hundred and sixteen, one hundred and seventeen, one hundred and eighteen, one hundred 1 and nineteen, one hundred and twenty, one hundred and

twenty-three, one hundred and twenty-four, one hundred and twenty-five, one hundred and twenty-six, one hundred and twenty-seven, one hundred and twenty-eight, one hundred and twenty-nine, one hundred and thirty-one, one hundred and thirty-nine, one hundred and forty, one hundred and forty-one, one hundred and forty-three, one hundred and forty-five, one; hundred and forty-seven, one hundred and forty-nine, one

hundred and fifty-eight, one hundred and sixty-two, one hundred and sixty-four, one hundred and sixty-five, one hundred and sixty-six, one hundred and sixty-seven, one hundred j and sixty-eight, one hundred and sixty-nine, one hundred

and seventy, one hundred and seventy-one, one hundred, and seventy-two, one hundred and seventy-three, one hnn-

\ dred and seventy-six, one hundred and eighty, one hundred

and eighty-one, one hundred and eighty-two, one hundred and j eighty-three, one hundred and eighty-four, one hundred and eighty-five, one hundred and eighty-eight, one hundred and j eighty-nine, one hundred and ninety-one, one hundred and

ninety-three, one hundred and ninety-six, one hundred and ninety-seven, one hundred and ninety-nine, from "be it" to "enacted that"; in one hundred and forty, the word "that" before " in the meantime"; in one hundred and forty-seven, the word " that" before " all and singular"; in one hundred and eighty, the word "that" before "all such " and the word " that" before " such "; in one hundred and eighty-one, the word "that " before " after such "; in one hundred and eighty-nine, tho word " that" before "one moiety"; in one hundred and ninety-one, the word "that" before "then every"; twenty, twenty-three, twenty-eight, thirty-six, forty-three, fifty-three, fifty-five, fifty-six, fifty-seven, sixty-four, sixty-five, eighty, ninety-five, ninety-six, ninety-seven, one hundred and one, one hundred and two, ono hundred and three, one hundred and four, one hundred and seven, one hundred and nine, one hundred and twenty-one, one hundred and thirty, one hundred

54

Ch. 3.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1888.

51 Vict.

Reign and Chapter, &c.

Title.

42 Geo. 3. c. 116. — j

, c. 119.

43 Geo. 3. c. 50.

c. 51.

c. 59.

c. 73.

c. 86. c. 89.

c. 107.

c. 108.

c. 139.

and forty-four, one hundred and forty-six, one hundred and forty-eight, one hundred and ninety, one hundred and ninety-two, from " and be it " to " enacted."

An Act to suppress certain games and lotteries not authorised by law. In part; namely —

Sections two, four, five, six, seven, eight, from "be it" to "enacted that"

An Act for more speedily completing the militia of Great Britain, raised under two Acts passed in the forty-second year of the reign of His present Majesty; and for amending the said Acts.

In part; namely —

Sections two, three, four, six, seven, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, from "be it" to " enacted that"

An Act, the title of which begins with the words "An Act to render " and ends with the words "hind tax."

In part; namely —

Section two, from "be it" to "enacted that", and the word "that" before " such tables "

An Act, the title of which begins with the words "An Act for remedying " and ends with the words "in England."

In part; namely —

Sections two, three, four, six, from " be it " to " enacted that"; seven, from " and be it " to " enacted "

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend" and ends with the words "said duties."

In part; namely —

Sections two, three, from "be it" to "enacted that"; and in three, the word "that " before " it shall "; five, from " and be it" to "enacted"

An Act to prevent unlawful combinations of workmen, artificers, journeymen, and labourers in Ireland; and for other purposes relating thereto.

In part; namely —

Sections two, three, five, six, seven, nine, thirteen, fourteen, seventeen, eighteen, twenty, twenty-one, from "be it" to "enacted that"; in fourteen, the word "that " before " inallsuch cases "; in seventeen the word "that " before " the execution "; in eighteen the word "that" before "all such courts"; twelve, from " and be it" to " enacted "

An Act for providing relief for the families of militia men in Scotland when called out into actual service.

In part; namely —

Section twenty-one, from " And be it " to " enacted that "

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for effectuating " and ends with the words "said governors."

In part; namely —

Section three, frombe it " to " enacted that "

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to promote" and ends with the words "and glebes."

In part; namely —

Section two, from " and it is " to " enacted "; five, from " and it is " to " declared "

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for preventing " and ends with the words "copper money."

In part; namely —

Section two, from " be it " to " enacted that "

Statute Law Revision, 1888. Ch. 8,

55

lrn

Reign and Chapter, &c.

Title.

43 Geo. a c. 141.

n

c. 143.

c. 161.

44 Geo. 3. c. 43.

c. 54.

P. 77.

o.98.

45 Geo. 3. c. 28.

c. 77. c. 84. c. 89.

i

An Act to render justices of the peace more safe in the execution of their duty.

In part; namely —

Section two, from "be it" to " enacted that"

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the " and ends with the word "respectively."

In part; namely —

Sections two, three, four, five, six, from " be it " to " enacted that "; in seven the words "and be it enacted "

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for repealing " and ends with the words "on commission "

Injnrt; namely —

Sections ten, fifteen, seventeen, fifty-five, fifty-nine, sixty, sixty-two, seventy-seven, from " be it " to " enacted that."

An Act to enforce the due observance of the canons and rubrick respecting the ages of persons to be admitted into the sacred orders of deacon and pnest.

In part; namely —

Section two, from " be it" to " enacted that"

- An Act to consolidate and amend the provisions of the several Acts relating to corps of yeomanry and volunteers in Great Britain; and to make further regulations relating thereto.

In part; namely —

Sections three, four, nine, thirteen, fifteen, sixteen, seventeen, twenty, twenty-two, twenty-three, twenty-four, twenty-six, twenty-seven, twenty-nine, thirty-seven, thirty-nine, forty-two, forty-four, forty-five, forty-six, forty-seven, fifty, fifty-one, fifty-two, fifty-three, fifty-six, fifty-nine, Sixty, from "be it" to "enacted that"; five, six, seven, eight, ten, twelve, nine-I teen, twenty-eight, thirty-one, thirty-two, thirty-three, forty-

three, from " and be it" to " enacted."

- An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to render "

and ends with the word "marriages."

In part; namely —

Sections two, three, four, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "

- An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to repeal "

and ends with the words "lieu thereof."

In part; namely —

Sections eight, ten, twenty-seven, from "be it" to "enacted that"

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional stamp duties in Great Britain on certain legacies.

In part; namely —

Sections five, seven, twelve, from " be it " to " enacted that"

- An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend "

and ends with the words "one Act."

In part; namely —

Section two, from " be it " to " enacted that "

- An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for making"

and ends with the words "personal property."

In part; namely —

In section two, tho words " and be it enacted"

- An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to alter "

and ends with the words "Great Britain."

In part; namely —

Sections two, three, six, seven, eight, from " be it" to c(enacted 1 that"; four, five, from " and be it " to " enacted"

56

Ch. 3.

Statute Law Revision , 1888.

51 Vict.

Reign and Chapter, &c. Title.

45 Geo. 3. c. 92. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend, 0 and ends with the words "to another." In part; namely — Section four, from " and be it " to "enacted"

46 Geo. 3. c. 43. 1 An Act for granting to His Majesty certain stamp duties on appraisements and on licences to appraisers in Great Britain. In part; namely — Sections four, five, six, from " be it " to " enacted that "; seven, from "and be it" to " enacted "

, o. 71. An Act to amend several Acts for the encouragement of finding and working mines and minerals within Ireland. In part; namely — Section two, from " be it " to " enacted "; in three, the words "and be it enacted "

, c. 106. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to provide " and ends with the word "Ireland." In part; namely — Section thirteen, from " And be it " to " enacted that ", and the word "that " before " it shall "

, o. 148. - An Act for granting to His Majesty a sum of money to be raised by lotteries. In part; namely — Section fifty-nine, from " And be it " to " enacted that "

, c. 153. - An Act for the preservation of the publick harbours of the United Kingdom. In part; namely — Section two, from " and be it " to " enacted "

47 Geo. 3. Sobs. 2. c. 15. An Act to provide for the regulating and securing the collection of the duty on gold and silver plate wrought or manufactured in Ireland. In part; namely — Sections three, four, five, six, eight, nine, ten, eleven, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, seventeen, from " be it " to " enacted that"; in eleven, the word "that" before "every such deputy"; and in seventeen, the word "that" before "all such fines."

, c. 50. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend, " and ends with the words "in Ireland." In part; namely — Sections three, four, five, seven, from " be it " to " enacted that "; in five, the word "that" before " all sums"; six, from "and be it" to " enacted"

, c. 68. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the, " and ends with the words ‘ ‘ service abroad." In part; namely — In section nine, the words "be it enacted that ", and the word "that" before "it shall"; ten, from "and be it" to " enacted "

48 Geo. 3. c. 47. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for quieting, " and ends with the words "their predecessors." In part; namely — In sections two, four, five, the words "and be it enacted "; six, from " be it " to " enacted that ", and the word "that " before " no distress."

Statute Law Revision , 1888.

, Ch, 3.

57

1888.

Reign and Chapter, &c.

Title.

48 Geo. 3. c. 58.

c. 75.

, o. 103.

, c. 110.

c. 127.

, c. 128.

, c. 138.

, c. 140.

c. 142.

- An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for amend-

ing, " and ends with the words "the King."

In part j namely —

1 Section three, from " be it " to " enacted that "

- ! An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for pro-I yiding, *’ and ends with the words "or otherwise."

In part; namely —

Sections two, three, five, eight, from " be it " to " enacted that "; four, seven, from " and be it " to " enacted "

- An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for further, "

1 and ends with the words "and eight "

In part; namely —

Section two, from " and be it ’* to enacted "; three, four, seven, from '* be it " to " enacted that *

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the, " and ends with the word "Parliament."

In part; namely —

Sections ten, eleven, twelve, eighteen, thirty-one, thirty-two,

[thirty-four, thirty-five, thirty-six, thirty-seven, thirty-eight,

forty, forty-two, forty-four, forty-five, forty-seven, forty-eight, forty-nine, fifty, fifty-one, fifty-three, fifty-four, fifty-seven, fifty-eight, fifty-nine, from "be it" to "enacted that"; in forty, the word " that " before " all white herrings *; and in forty-four the word "that " before " the bounty."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to render, " and ends with the word "marriages."

In part; namely —

Sections two, three, four, from " be it " to aforesaid that"

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to repeal, " and ends with the words "such accounts."

In part; namely —

Section two, from " be it " to " enacted that "; three, from " and be it" to " enacted"

- An Act for defining and regulating the powers of the Commission of

Teinds in augmenting and modifying the stipends of the clergy of Scotland.

In part; namely —

Sections two, eight, nine, eleven, sixteen, from "be it" to " enacted that ’; and in seven, ten, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, the words and be it enacted "

- An Act for the more effectual administration of the office of a justice of the peace, and for the more effectual prevention of felonies within the district of Dublin Metropolis.

In part; namely —

Sections fourteen, fifteen, twenty-seven, twenty-eight, thirty-one, thirty-five, forty-seven, forty-nine, fifty, fifty-one, fifty-two, fifty-three, sixty-five, sixty-six, sixty-seven, sixty-nine, seventy, seventy-five, one hundred and eighteen, one hundred and nineteen, one hundred and twenty, one hundred and twenty-two, one hundred and twenty-three, one hundred and twenty-four, from " be it " to " enacted "; forty-eight, from " and be it" to ‘‘enacted"

• An Act for enabling the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to grant life annuities.

In part; namely —

! Sections twenty-one, twenty-three, twenty-eight, from " be it "

to " enacted that"

58

Ch. 3,

Statute Law Revision, 1888.

51 Vict.

Reign and Chapter, &c. Title.

48 Geo. 3. c. 145. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for enabling " and ends with the words ‘‘ their offices." In part; namely — Section two, from " be it " to " enacted that "

, c. 149. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for repealing " and ends with the words "lieu thereof."

, c. 151. - In part; namely — Sections thirty-five, thirty-six, thirty-seven, thirty-eight, thirty-nine, forty, forty-two, forty-four, from "be it" to "enacted that "; forty-one, from " and be it " to " enacted " An Act concerning the administration of justice in Scotland, and concerning appeals to the House of Lords. In part; namely — Sections four, six, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, seventeen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty, twenty-one, from "be it" to " enacted that"; in sixteen the words "and be it enacted "

49 Geo. 3. c. 14. An Act for repealing an Act of the Parliament of Scotland relative to child murder, and for making other provisions in lieu thereof. In part; namely — Section two, from " be it " to " enacted that "

, c. 42. - An Act for better regulating the publick records of Scotland. In part; namely — Sections two, three, eight, nine, ten, eleven, sixteen, from " be it " to " enacted that "

, c. 101. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to regulate " and ends with the words "relating thereto." In part; namely — Sections two, three, from " be it " to " enacted that "; in four, the words "and be it enacted "

, c. 120. - An Act for amending and reducing into one Act of Parliament the several laws for raising and training the militia of Ireland. In part; namely — Sections sixty-three, seventy-four, seventy-five, seventy-six, seventy-seven, seventy-nine, eighty, eighty-one, eighty-two, eighty-three, eighty-four, eighty-seven, eighty-eight, ninety, ninety-one, ninety-two, ninety-three, ninety-four, ninety-five, ninety-seven, ninety-eight, ninety-nine, one hundred, one hundred and one, one hundred and two, one hundred and three, one hundred and seven, one hundred and eight, one hundred and nine, one hundred and ten, one hundred and eleven, one hundred and twelve, one hundred and sixteen, one hundred and seventeen, one hundred and eighteen, one hundred and nineteen, one hundred and twenty, one hundred and twenty-three, one hundred and twenty-five, one hundred and twenty-nine, one hundred and forty-one, one hundred and forty-two, one hundred and forty-four, one hundred and forty-eight, from " be it " to " enacted that "; in seventy-nine, the word "that " before "such governor"; in eighty-one, the word "that" before " every deputy "; in one hundred and three, the word "that " before " every substitute "; in one hundred and seven, the word "that " before " the remaining "; and in one hundred and forty-eight, the word "that" before " all other "; seventy-eight, eighty-five, eighty-six, ninety-six, one hundred and four, one hundred and five, one hundred and fourteen, one hundred and fifteen, one hundred and twenty-one, one hundred and twenty-six, one hundred and forty, from " and be it " to " enacted "; and in one hundred and twenty-six, the word "that" before "it shall"

1888.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1888. Ch. 3.

59

Reign and Chapter, &c. Title.

49 Geo. 3. c. 124. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for altering " and ends with the words "the poor." In part; namely — Sections two, four, from " be it " to " enacted that "

, c. 126. - An Act for the further prevention of the sale and brokerage of offices. In part; namely — Sections two, nine, ten, eleven, thirteen, from "and be it" to "enacted"; three, four, six, fourteen, from "be it" to " enacted that "

50 Geo. 3. c. 31. An Act for augmenting the salaries of the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Justiciary, and Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, and Judges in Ireland. In part; namely — Sections two, five, from " be it " to " enacted that "

, c. 33. - An Act for enabling tenants in tail and for life and also Ecclesiastical persons to grant hind for the purpose of endowing schools in Ireland. In part; namely — Section two, from "be it" to "enacted that"; in three, the words "and be it enacted "

, c. 41. An Act for placing the duties of hawkers and pedlars under the management of the Commissioners of Hackney Coaches. In part; namely — Sections five, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, eighteen, nineteen, from "be it" to "enacted that"; twenty-three, from " and it is " to " enacted "

, c. 49. - An Act to amend the laws for the relief of the poor, so far as relate 1 to the examining and allowing the accounts of churchwardens and 1 overseers by Justices of the Peace. In part; namely — In sections two, three, six, seven, the words "and be it enacted "; four, five, from " be it " to " enacted that "; and in five, the word "that " before " all orders."

, c. 59. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for more " and ends with the word "thereof." In part; namely — Section two, from "be it" to "enacted that "

, c. 84. An Act for augmenting parochial stipends in certain cases in Scotland. In part; namely — Sections two, three, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, seventeen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty, twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-three, twenty-five, from " be it " to " enacted that "; in four, fifteen, sixteen, the words "and be it enacted "

, c. 102. - An Act for the more effectually preventing the administering and taking of unlawful oaths in Ireland; and for the protection of magistrates and witnesses in criminal cases. In part; namely — Sections three, four, six, eight, nine, ten, from " be it " to " enacted that "

, c. 108. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend" and ends with the words "employed therein." In part; namely — Sections five, six, seven, nine, ten, eleven, fifteen, from " be it " to "enacted that"; in seven the word "that" before "all pecuniary " and the word "that " before " any justice "; and in fifteen, the word "that" before "the defendant"; eight, from " and it is " to " enacted "; twelve, fourteen, from " and be it " to " enacted "

60

Ch. 3.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1888.

51 Yicrr.

Reign and Chapter, &c. Title.

50 Geo. 3. c. 112. - i, An Act for abridging the form of extracting decrees of the court of session in Scotland, and for the regulation of certain parts of the proceedings of that court. In part; namely — i Sections two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen, sixteen, seventeen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty, twenty-three, twenty-five, twenty-eight, thirty, thirty-two, thirty-three, thirty-four, thirty-five, thirty-six, thirty-seven, thirty-eight, forty, forty-one, forty-two, forty-three, forty-eight, fifty-one, fifty-two, from " be it " to " enacted that "; twenty-one, twenty-two, from " and be it " to " enacted"

51 Geo. 3. c. 36. - i i An Act to facilitate the execution of justice within the Cinque Ports. In part; namely — Sections two, three, four, from " and be it " to "enacted"; five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, from "be it" to "enacted that"; and in ten the word " that" before " such offenders, " and the word "that " before " the treasurer "

, c. 115. - 1 1 ! An Act the title of which begins with the words " An Act for i amending, " and ends with the words " and glebes." In part; namely — Section two, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "

52 Geo. 3. c. 11. - 1 i i 1 An Act the title of which begins with the words " An Act to repeal " and ends with the words " said offices." In part; namely — Sections three, six, eleven, fourteen, fifteen, from "be it" to 1 " enacted that "; sixteen, from " and be it " to " enacted "

, c. 38. -; 1 1 i 1; An Act for amending the laws relating to the local Militia in England. In part; namely — Sections two, three, six, thirteen, fourteen, sixteen, seventeen, twenty, twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-three, twenty-four, twenty-five, twenty-six, twenty-eight, twenty-nine, thirty, thirty-one, thirty-two, thirty-three, thirty-four, thirty-five, thirty-six, thirty-seven, thirty-eight, thirty-nine, forty, forty-two, forty-three, forty-four, forty-five, forty-six, forty-eight, forty-nine, fifty, fifty-one, fifty-two, fifty-three, fifty-four, fifty-five, fifty-six, fifty-seven, fifty-eight, sixty, sixty-one, sixty-two, sixty-three, sixty-four, sixty-seven, sixty-eight, seventy-two, seventy-three, seventy-four, seventy-five, seventy-six, seventy-seven, seventy-eight, seventy-nine, eighty, eighty-two, eighty-three, eighty-four, eighty-five, eighty-six, eighty-seven, eighty-eight, eighty-nine, ninety, ninety-one, ninety-three, ninety-four, ninety-five, ninety-six, ninety-seven, ninety-eight, ninety-nine, one hundred, one hundred and one, one hundred and two, one hundred and three, one hundred and four, one hundred and five, one hundred and six, one hundred and seven, one hundred and eight, one hundred and nine, one hundred and ten, one hundred and eleven, one hundred and twelve, one hundred and thirteen, one hundred and fourteen, one hundred and fifteen, one hundred and sixteen, one hundred and seventeen, one hundred and eighteen, one hundred and nineteen, one hundred and twenty, one hundred and twenty-one, one hundred and twenty-two, one hundred and twenty-three, one hundred and twenty-five, one hundred and twenty-six, one hundred and twenty-seven, one hundred and twenty-eight, one hundred and twenty-nine, one hundred and thirty-one, one hundred and thirty-two, one hundred and thirty-three, one hundred and thirty-four, one hundred and thirty-five, one hundred and thirty-six, one hundred and thirty-seven, one hundred

1888.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1888. Ch. 3.

61

Reign and Chapter, &c. Title.

52 Geo. 3. c. 38. — cant. 1 and thirty-nine, one hundred and forty, one hundred and forty-one, one hundred and forty-three, one hundred and forty-four, one hundred and forty-five, one hundred and forty-six, one hundred and forty-seven, one hundred and forty-eight, one hundred and forty-nine, one hundred and fifty, one hundred and fifty-one, one hundred and fifty-two, one hundred and fifty-three, one hundred and fifty-four, one hundred and fifty-six, one hundred and fifty-seven, one hundred and fifty-eight, one hundred and sixty-one, one hundred and sixty-two, one hundred and sixty-three, one hundred and sixty-five, one hundred and sixty-six, one hundred and sixty-seven, one hundred and sixty-eight, one hundred and sixty-nine, one hundred and seventy-two, one hundred and seventy-four, one hundred and seventy-five, one hundred and seventy-six, one hundred and seventy-seven, one hundred and seventy-eight, one hundred and seventy-nine, one hundred and eighty-one, one hundred and eighty-four, one hundred and eighty-five, one hundred and eighty-seven, one hundred and eighty-eight, one hundred and eighty-nine, one hundred and ninety, one hundred and ninety-one, one hundred and ninety-two, one hundred and ninety-three, one hundred and ninety-five, one hundred and ninety-six, one hundred and ninety-seven, two hundred, two hundred and one, two hundred and two, two hundred and three, two hundred and four, two hundred and five, two hundred and six, two hundred and seven, two hundred and eight, from " be it " to " enacted that "; and in three, the word "that " before " officers "; in fifty-two, the word "that" before "such parish"; in sixty-seven, the word "that" before "all other"; in sixty-eight, the word "that " before "where the, " and the word "that" before "the field"; in eighty-two, the word "that" before "all serjeants"; in ninety-four, the word "that" before "it shall be "; in one hundred and fifteen, the word "that " before " the quarter-master "; in one hundred and eighteen, the word "that " before "the adjutant, " and the word "that" before "no serjeant"; in one hundred and fifty-eight, the word "that " before " out of the "; in one hundred and eighty-five, the word "that " before " when the "; in two hundred and one, the word "that " before " all fines "; in two hundred and three, the word "that " before " then every "; in two hundred and five, the word "that" before "no writ"; and sections four, eighteen, twenty-seven, forty-seven, fifty-nine, sixty-five, sixty-six, ninety-two, one hundred and twenty-four, one hundred and thirty, one hundred and forty-two, one hundred and seventy-three, one hundred and eighty, one hundred and eighty-six, one hundred and ninety-four, from " and be it " to " enacted "

* c. 66. 1 An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to explain, " and ends with the words "such offices." In part; namely — Sections two, nine, ten, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, from " and be it " to " enacted "; five, six, eight, from " be it " to " enacted 1 that"

, c. 68. An Act for amending the laws relating to the local militia in Scotland. In part; namely — Sections two, three, eleven, twelve, fourteen, fifteen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty, twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-three, twenty-four, twenty-six, twenty-seven, twenty-eight, twenty-nine, thirty, thirty-one, thirty-two, thirty-three, thirty-four, j thirty-five, thirty-six, thirty-seven, thirty-eight, forty, forty-

62

Ch. 3.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1888.

51 VICT.

Reign and Chapter, See. Title.

52 Geo. 3. c. 68. — cent. \ i:j 1 i one, forty-two, forty-three, forty-four, forty-five, forty-seven, | forty-eight, forty-mne, fifty, fifty-one, fifty-two. fifty-three, | fifty-four, fifty-five, fifty-six, fifty-eight, fifty-nine, sixty, sixty-| one, sixty-two, sixty-five, sixty-six, seventy, seventy-one, 1 seventy-two, seventy-three, seventy-four, seventy-five, seventy-j six, seventy-seven, seventy-eight, seventy-nine, eighty-one, eighty-two, eighty-three, eighty-four, eighty-five, eighty-six, eighty-seven, eighty-eigb.t, eighty-nine, ninety, ninety-two, | ninety-three, ninety-four, ninety-five, ninety-six, ninety-seven, ninety-eight, ninety-nine, one hundred, one hundred and one, one hundred and two, one hundred and three, one hundred and four, one hundred and five, one hundred and six, one hundred and seven, one hundred and eight, one hundred and nine, one hundred and ten, one hundred and eleven, one hundred and twelve, one hundred and thirteen, one hundred and fourteen, one hundred and fifteen, one hundred and sixteen, one hundred and seventeen, one hundred and eighteen, one hundred and nineteen, one hundred and twenty, one hundred and twenty-one, one hundred and twenty-two, one hundred and twenty-four, one hundred and twenty-five, one hundred and twenty-. six, one hundred and twenty-seven, one hundred and twenty-I eight, one hundred and thirty, one hundred and thirty-one, one hundred and thirty-two, one hundred and thirty-three, one hundred and thirty-four, one hundred and thirty-five, one hundred and thirty-six, one hundred and thirty-eight, one hundred and thirty-nine, one hundred and forty, one hundred and forty-two, one hundred and forty-three, one hundred and forty-four, one hundred and forty-five, one hundred and forty-six, one hundred and forty-seven, one hundred and forty-eight, one hundred and forty-nine, one hundred and fifty, one hundred and fifty-one, one hundred and fifty-two, one hundred and fifty-three, one hundred and fifty-five, one hundred and fifty-six, one hundred and fifty-seven, one hundred and fifty-nine, one hundred and sixty, one hundred and sixty-one, one hundred and sixty-two, one hundred and sixty-three, one hundred and sixty-four, one hundred and sixty-six, one hundred and sixty-seven, one hundred and sixty-nine, one hundred and seventy, one hundred and seventy-one, one hundred and seventy-two, one hundred and seventy-three, one hundred and seventy-four, one hundred and seventy-six, one hundred and seventy-seven, one hundred and seventy-eight, one hundred and eighty-one, one hundred and eighty-two, one hundred and eighty-three, one hundred and eighty-four, one hundred and eighty-five, one hundred and eighty-six, one hundred and eighty-seven, one hundred and eighty-eight, from "Be it" to "enacted that"; and in three, the word "that" before "officers"; in fifty-one, the word "that" before "such parish"; in sixty-five, the word "that" before "all other"; in sixty-six, the word "that" before "where the, " and the word "that " before " the field officers "; in eighty-one the word "that " before " all Serjeants "; in ninety-three, the word "that " before " it shall be "; in one hundred and fourteen, the word "that " before " the quartermaster "; in one hundred and seventeen, the word "that" before "the adjutant, " and the word "that " before "no serjeant "; in one hundred and sixty-seven, the word "that" before "when | the "; in one hundred and eighty-two, the word "that " before | " all fines "; in one hundred and eighty-six, the word "that " 1 before " no bill "; and sections four, sixteen, twenty-five, forty-| six, fifty-seven, sixty-three, sixty-four, ninety-one, one hundred

1888. Statute Law Revision Act, 1888. Ch. 3. 63

Reign and Chapter, Title.

52 Geo. 8. c. 68. — coni. and twenty-three, one hundred and twenty-nine, one hundred and forty-one, one hundred and fifty-eight, one hundred and sixty-five, one hundred and sixty-eight, one hundred and seventy-five, from " and be it " to " enacted "

, c. 101. - An Act to provide a summary remedy in cases of abuses of trusts created for charitable purposes. In part; namely — Section two, from "and be it" to "enacted"; three, from "be it " to " enacted that "

, c. 102. - An Act for the registering and securing of charitable donations. In part; namely — Sections two, three, four, five, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, fourteen, from "be it" to "enacted that"; and in two the word "that" before "then a like"; six, thirteen, from "and be it " to " enacted "

, c. 104. - An Act to render more effectual an Act passed in the thirty-seventh year of His present Majesty for preventing the administering or taking unlawful oaths. In part; namely — Sections two, six, seven, from " and be it" to " enacted"; four, five, from "be it" to "enacted that"; and in five the word "that " before " it shall be "

, c. 106. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to continue " and ends with the word "thereof." In part; namely — Sections two, three, four, five, from " be it" to " enacted that"; six, seven, from "and be it " to " enacted"

, c. 108. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the word "coaches." In part; namely — Section two from " be it " to " enacted that "

, c. 110. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for amending " and ends with the words "in England." In part; namely — Sections two, five, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "

ft , c. 130. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the " and ends with the word "sustained." In part; namely — Sections two, three, from "be it" to "enacted that"; and in two the word "that" before "then every"; four from "and be it " to " enacted "

, c. 134. - An Act for the better regulation of the butter trade in Ireland. In part; namely — Sections three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, sixteen, nineteen, twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-three, twenty-four, twenty-five, twenty-six, thirty, from " be it " to " enacted "; in twenty-seven the words "and be it enacted"

, c. 143. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for amending " and ends with the words "Great Britain." In part; namely — Section six from "be it " to " aforesaid that"

tt c. 144. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to suspend" ‘ and ends with the words "limited time." j In part; namely — I Sections two, three, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "

64

Ch. 3.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1888.

51 Vict.

Reign and Chapter, &c. Title.

52 Geo. 3. c. 146. ! An Act for the better regulating and preserving parish and other registers of births, baptisms, marriages, and burials in England. In part; namely — Sections three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, eleven, twelve, eighteen, twenty, from " be it " to " enacted that "; in three, the word "that" before "every"; in five, the word "that" before " immediately "; and in eleven, the word "that " before " all such "; in seventeen, the words "and be it enacted"

, c. 150. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the words "the same." In part; namely — Section two, from " be it " to " enacted that "; in four, the words "and be it enacted "

, c. 155. - An Act to repeal certain Acts and amend other Acts relating to religious worship and assemblies, and persons teaching or preaching therein. In part; namely — Sections, two, four, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, fifteen, sixteen, seventeen, eighteen, from "be it" to " enacted that "; three, five, six, thirteen, fourteen, from " and be it " to " enacted"; and in fifteen, the word "that" before "all and every"; and in eighteen, the word "that" before " every such "

, c. 156. An Act for the more effectual punishment of persons aiding prisoners of war to escape from His Majesty's dominions. In part; namely — Section two, from " and be it " to " enacted "; three, four, froA " be it " to " enacted that "

53 Geo. 3, c. 28. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the last session of Parliament for amending the laws relating to the local militia in England. In part; namely — Sections five, eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, from " be it " to " enacted that "

, c. 29. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the last session of Parliament intituled An Act for amending the laws relating to the local militia in Scotland." In part; namely — Sections five, eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, seventeen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty, twenty-two, from be it " to " enacted that "

, c. 64. - An Act for the better regulation of the Court of Session in Scotland. In part; namely — Sections two, three, five, six, seven, ten, eleven, twelve, from " be it " to " enacted that "; and in four the words " and be it enacted "

c. 77. - j j 1 1 An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the words "certain cases." In part; namely — Sections three, seven, eight, from " be it " to " enacted that "; | and in eight the word "that " before " this Act, " and the word I " that " before " all powers "; in four and five the words "and " be it enacted "

c. 89. An Act for the more regular conveyance of writs for the election of members to serve in Parliament. In part; namely — Section three from " and be it" to " enacted"; six, seven, from " be it " to " enacted that "

i8aa

Statute Lam Revision Act, 1888. Ch. 8.

65

Bagn and Chapter, &c. Title.

53 Geo. 8. c. 107. - An Act for the appointment of commissioners for the regulation of the several endowea schools of public and private foundation in Ireland. In part; namely — Sections two, ten, thirteen, eighteen, twenty-one, twenty-three, from " and be it " to " enacted "; three, four, five, six, eight, nine, twelve, sixteen, nineteen, twenty, twenty-four, twenty-five, twenty-six, twenty-seven, twenty-eight, twenty-nine, thirty, from " be it" to " enacted that"; and in five the word "that " before " over and "; in twelve the word "that " before ‘‘such share"; in twenty-five the word "that" before "if any "; in twenty-six the word "that " before " such piece "; and the word "that " before "all and"; in twenty-seven the words "also that" before "it shall, " and the word "that" before the second " it shall "

, c. 117. - An Act to prevent damage to certain bridges in Scotland from the floating of timber. In part; namely — Sections two, three, four, from " be it " to " enacted that "

, c. 123. - An Act to amend and render more effectual several Acts passed for the redemption and sale of the land tax. In part; namely — Sections three, four, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, sixteen, seventeen, nineteen, twenty, twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-five, twenty-seven, thirty, forty, forty-four, from "be it" to "enacted that"; twenty-eight from

t " be it " to " declared that "

, c. 127. - An Act for the better regulation of ecclesiastical courts in England, and for the more easy recovery of church rates and tithes. In part; namely — Section two from " and be it " to " enacted "; three, eight, nine, eleven, twelve, from " be it " to " enacted that "

, o. 142. - An Act to explain and amend several Acts relative to the land tax. In part; namely — Sections two, three, four, five, from " and be it " to " enacted "; seven from "be it " to " enacted that "

, c. 153. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant additional annuities to the judges of the courts in Westminster Hall on their resignation of their offices. In part; namely — Sections two, three, from " be it" to " enacted that"

, c. 154. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to render " and ends with the words "certain cases." In part; namely — Section five from " be it " to " enacted that "

, c. 155. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for continuing " and ends with the word "charter." In part; namely — Sections forty-two, forty-three, fifty, fifty-two, fifty-three, eighty-five, one hundred, one hundred and twenty-four, from " be it " to " enacted that "; and in forty-three the word "that " before "any schools"; and in fifty the word "that" before "all such "; and the word "that " before " no fees, " and the word "that " before " such bishop "; fifty-one and ninety-four from | " and be it " to " enacted "

[the JJkM REPORTS J E

60

Ch. 3.

Statute Law Revision, 1888.

51 Vict.

‘Rvign and Chapter, &c. Title.

54 Geo. 3. c. 15. i I An Act for the more easy recovery of debts in His Majesty's Colony of I New South Wales. 1 In part; namely — Sections two, four, from " be it" to "enacted that"; three from j " and it is " to " enacted "

, c. 56. ' An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend" 1 and ends with the words " such Acts." In part; namely — Sections two, three, from "be it" to " enacted that"; five, six, j from " and be it" to " enacted "

, c. 61. - i An Act the titlo of which begins with the words " An Act to amend "; and ends with the word " therein." In part; namely — Sections three, four, five, from " be it " to " enacted that"; and i in four the word "that " before " such return "

, c. 62. An Act the title of which begins with the words " An Act to amend " and ends with the word " hospitals." 1 In part; namely —, Sections four, five, six, from " be it " to " enacted that "; and in 1 five the word " that " before " whenever "

j, c. 67. i An Act the title of which begins with the words" An Act to allow " and i ends with the word "amount." i In part; namely — I In sections two, three, the words " be it enacted that "; in four | the words " and be it enacted "

c. 68. An Act for the better regulation of ecclesiastical courts in Ireland, and for the more easy recovery of church rates and tithes. In part; namely — Sections nine, ten, twelve, from " be it " to " enacted that"

, c. 92. - i An Act the title of which begins with the words " An Act to secure " and ends with the word " Ireland." In part; namely — Sections three, four, five, seven, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, seventeen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty, twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-four, twenty-five, twenty-six, twenty-seven, twenty-nine, thirty, thirty-one, thirty-four, thirty-five, thirty-six, thirty-seven, thirty-eight, thirty-nine, forty-three, from " be it " to " enacted that "; in three, the word " that" before " all persons "; and in twenty-nine, the word " that" before "no written"; fifteen, sixteen, twenty-three, twenty-eight, thirty-two, thirty-three, from " and be it " to enacted "

, c. 95. An Act the title of which begins with the words " An Act to enable " and ends with the word "offices." In part; namely — Sections two, three, from " be it " to " enacted that "

, c. 96. An Act the title of which begins with the words " An Act to amend " and ends with the word " apprentices " In part; namely — Section three from " be it " to " enacted that "; four from " and be it" to " enacted "

C. 159. | 1 An Act the title of which begins with the words " An Act for the " and ends with the words "that purpose." In part; namely — Sections eleven, thirteen, fifteen, sixteen, twenty-one, twenty-five, twenty-six, twenty-seven, from " be it" to " enacted that "; twenty-eight from " and be it" to "enacted "

1888.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1888.

Cfl. 3.

67

Brign and Chapter, Ike. Title.

54 Geo. 3. c. 170. - I An Act to repeal certain provisions in local Acts for the maintenance and regulation of the poor; and to make other provisions in relation thereto. In part; namely — Sections four, five, six, from " and be it " to " enacted "; seven, ten, eleven, twelve, from "be it " to " enacted that"; and in ten the word "that " before " a delivery "

f, c. 173. - j i I An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to alter " and ends with the word "thereof" In part; namely — Sections four, six, eight, nine, fifteen, sixteen, seventeen, from " be it " to " enacted that "; and in six the word "that " before "any sale"; and in thirteen the words "and bo it enacted "

55 Geo. 3. c. 19. i An Act the title of which logins with the words "An Act to grant " and ends with the word "Ireland." In part; namely — Sections nine, nineteen, sixty-four, sixty-five, sixty-seven, sixty-eight, seventy-six, seventy-seven, seventy-nine, eighty-one, eighty-two, eighty-three, one hundred and one, from " be it " to "enacted that"; in seventy-eight and eighty the words "and be it enacted "

, c. 42. - An Act to facilitate the administration of justice in that part of the United Kingdom called Scotland by the extending trial by jury to civil causes. In part; namely — Sections five, six, seven, eight, twelve, fifteen, sixteen, nineteen, twenty, twenty-four, twenty-five, twenty-six, twenty-seven, thirty-one, thirty-two, thirty-three, thirty-nine, forty, forty-one, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "; in seven the word "that" before "on such"; and in twelve the word "that" after " and "; and in twenty the word "that " before " such summons, " and the word "that " before " immediately, " and the word "that " before " the persons "; nine from " and be it " to " aforesaid "; seventeen, twenty-two, twenty-eight, twenty-nine, thirty, from "be it" to "enacted that"; and in seventeen the word "that " before " the said "; and in twenty-eight the word "that " before " either, " and the word "that " before " the said court "

ft c. 50. An Act for the abolition of gaol and other fees connected with the gaols t in England. | In part; namely — Sections five, six, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "; seven, 1 eight, nine, thirteen, from " be it " to " enacted that "

, c. 65. ! An Act to amend the laws relating to the militia of Great Britain.] In part; namely — | Section eight from " be it" to " enacted that "

c. 70. | An Act for better regulating the formation and arrangement of the judicial and other records of the Court of Session in Scotland. In part; namely — Sections two, three, from " be it " to " enacted that "

, c. 71. - An Act to regulate hawkers and pedlars in Scotland. In part; namely — Sections four, seven, eight, nine, eleven, twelve, from "be it " to "enacted that"; in seven the word "that" before "every such "; in fifteen the words "and be it enacted "; sixteen from " and it is " to " enacted " E 2

68

Statute Law Revision 1888.

51 VICT,

Reign and Chapter, &c. Title.

55 060. 3. c. 89. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend" and ends with the word "Ireland/1 In part; namely — In section two the words "and be it enacted"; three, four, from " be it " to " enacted that "

, c. 94. - An Act to continue and amend several Acts relating to the British White Herring Fishery. In part; namely — Sections nine, ten, eleven, thirteen, fourteen, twenty, twenty-three, thirty-one, thirty-two, thirty-three, thirty-eight, thirty-nine, forty, forty-one, forty-two, forty-three, from "be it" to " enacted that "; and in thirteen the word "that "before " the provisions "; fifteen from " and be it " to " enacted "

, c. 100. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to provide " and ends with the word "Ireland." In part; namely — Sections nineteen, twenty, from "be it " to " enacted that, " and in nineteen tho word " that " before " any such "

, c. 104. - An Act the title of which begins^ with the words "An Act to make " and ends with the word "licensed, " In part; namely — Section fifteen from beginning of section to " enacted that"

, c. 114. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to augment" and ends with the word "Ireland." In part; namely — Section two from beginning of section to " enacted that "

, c. 115. - An Act to carry into effect a convention made between His Majesty and the King of the Netherlands and the Emperor of all the Russias. In part; namely — Sections two, three, from " be it" to " enacted that"

, c. 128. An Act to enable His Majesty to acquire ground necessary for signal and telegraph stations. In part; namely — Sections two, three, four, eight, nine, ten, eleven, from "beit" to "enacted that"; five, six, seven, from "and be it" to " enacted "; twelve from " be it " to " declared that "

» c. 137. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to prevent" and ends with the words "the poor." In part; namely — Sections two, six, eight, from " be it " to " enacted that "; and in eight the word "that" before "such conviction"; nine from " and be it " to " enacted "

, c. 143. - An Act to amend the Acts relating to the building and repairing of county bridges. In part; namely — Section three from "be it " to " enacted that"; four from " and be it " to " enacted "

, c. 147. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for enabling " and ends with the word "purposes." In part; namely — Sections three, ten, thirteen, sixteen, eighteen, from " and be it" to " enacted "; four, twelve, fifteen, seventeen, nineteen, from "be it" to "enacted that "

issa

Statute Law Revision, 1888. Ch. 3.

69

Reign and Chapter, &c. Title.

55 Geo. 3. c. 157. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the " and ends with the words "Great Britain." •Inpart; namely — Sections two, four, five, seven, eight, nine, from "be it" to "aforesaid that"; in four the word "that" before "such extraordinary "; three, six, from " be it " to " enacted that "

, c. 184. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for repealing " and ends with the word "thereof." In part; namely — Sections two, twenty-one from " be it" to " enacted"; twenty-two, forty-two, forty-six, forty-seven, fifty-one, fifty-four, from " and be it " to " enacted "; twenty-four, twenty-seven, twenty-eight, thirty-eight, thirty-nine, forty, forty-one, forty-three, forty-four, forty-eight, forty-nine, fifty-two, fifty-three, from " be it " to " enacted that "

, c. 185. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for repealing " and ends with the word "thereof." In part; namely — Section two, from "be it" to "enacted"; four, seven, from " be it " to " enacted that "

, c. 194. - An Act for better regulating the practice of apothecaries throughout England and Wales. In part; namely — Sections two, three, six, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen, sixteen, seventeen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty, twenty-one, twenty-four, twenty-five, twenty-six, twenty-seven, from " be it" to " enacted that"; and in eight the word "that" before "all the powers"; and in eighteen the word "that" before " no act, " and the word "that " before " all the powers "; four, fifteen, twenty-two, twenty-three, twenty-eight, twenty-nine, thirty, from " and be it " to " enacted "

56 Geo. 3. c. 39. - An Act to reduce the number of days of muster or exercise of yeomanry and volunteer cavalry. In part; namely — Section two, from " be it " to " enacted that "

, c. 46. An Act for the better regulation of the civil list. In part; namely — Sections nine, eleven, twelve, from " be it" to "enacted that"

, c. 50. - An Act to regulate the sale of farming stock taken in execution. In part; namely — Sections two, four, five, six, seven, nine, ten, eleven, from " be it" to "enacted that"; three, eight, from "and bejt" to " enacted "

, c. 55. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the word "Ireland." In part; namely — Sections two, three, four, five, six, eight, nine, fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, nineteen, from "be it" to "enacted that"; in three the word "that" before "no replevin"; in four the word "that " before " every raft, " and the word "that " before "it shall"; and in fourteen the word "that" before "any such "; seventeen, eighteen, twenty, twenty-one, from " and be it" to "enacted"

, c. 56. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to repeal" and ends with the word "duties." In part; namely — Sections one hundred and fifteen, one hundred and sixteen, one hundred and seventeen, one hundred and eighteen, one hundred

70 Ch% 3. Statute Law Revision AcU 1888. 51 VICT.

Reign and Chapter, &c. Title.

56 Geo. 3* c# 56«"^owi(1 and ninoteen, one hundred and twenty, one hundred and J twenty-two, one hundred and twenty-six, one hundred and twenty-seven, one hundred and twenty-eight, one hundred and thirty, one hundred and thirty-one, from " be it " to " enacted that "; and in one hundred and fifteen the word "that " before " no person "; one hundred and twenty-one, one hundred and twenty-four, one hundred and twenty-five, one hundred and twenty-nine, from "and be it" to " enacted"

c. 96. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for establishing " and ends with the word "sixteen." In part; namely — Sections three, five, from "be it" to "enacted that"; and in three the word "that " before " the said "

ii c. 98. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to unite " and ends with the word "kingdom." In part; namely — Sections two, three, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, eighteen, twenty-two, from " be it " to " enacted that "; in two, the word "that" before "such", and the word "that" before "the said", and the word "that" before "all officers"; in thirteen, the word "that " before " the said in fifteen, the word "that" before " in all"; in sixteen, the word "that " before " any person "; and in twenty-two, the word "that " before " the said "

ti c. 100. - An Act for more effectually securing the liberty of the subject. In part; namely — Sections two, three, four, five, six, from "be it " to "aforesaid that "

>i c. 104., An Act for obliging exporters of exciseable goods on drawback to give notice of shipment. In part; namely — Section twenty-six from " be it " to " enacted that "

c. 120. - An Act to procure annual returns of persons committed, tried, and convicted for criminal offences and misdemeanors in Ireland. In part; namely — Sections two, three, from " be it " to " enacted that "

c. 125. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the " and ends with the word "sustained." In part; namely — Section two, from " be it" to "enacted that"; three from " and be it " to " enacted "

c. 129. An Act to repeal certain provisions in local Acts for the maintenance and management of the poor. In part; namely — Section two, from " be it " to " enacted that "

If c. 138. -:An Act to abolish the punishment of the pillory, except in certain cases. In part; namely — Section two, from " be it " to " enacted that "

If c. 139. - | An Act to regulate the binding of parish apprentices. In part; namely — Sections two, five, six, seven, eight, ten, twelve, thirteen, seven teen, eighteen, from " be it " to " enacted that "; in seventeen, the word "that" before "it shall"; and in eighteen, the word "that" before "all the, " and the word "that " before " the officers "

Statute Law Revision Act, 1888. Ch. 3.

71

1888.

Reign and Chapter, &c.

Title.

56 Geo. 3. c. 141.

57 Geo. 3. c. 6.

c. 19.

c. 25.

, c. 41.

c. 44.

c. 56.

»» ©• 62.

h c. 64.

, c. 68.

» c. 91.

- An Act for enabling ecclesiastical corporate bodies under certain

circumstances to alienate lands for enlarging cemeteries or churchyards.

In part; namely —

Section four, from " be it " to " enacted that "

• An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to make "

and ends with the word "attempts.' *

In part; namely —

Sections four, five, six, from "and be it" to " enacted"

- An Act for the more effectually preventing seditious meetings and

assemblies.

In part; namely —

Sections twenty-five, twenty-eight, twenty-nine, thirty, thirty-one, thirty-two, thirty-three, thirty-four, thirty-eight, thirty-nine, from " be it " to " enacted that"; twenty-six, thirty-five, thirty-seven, from " and be it " to " enacted "

- An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to explain "

and ends with the words "said Act."

In part; namely —

Sections two, four, from " and bo it " to " enacted "

- An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to repeal, r

and ends with the words "at war."

In part; namely —

Sections two, eight, from "be it" to "enacted that"; and in eight, the word "chat " before " no such "

- An Act the title of which begit 8 with the words "An Act to allow "

and ends with the word "constable "

In part; namely —

Section three, from " be it" to " enacted that"

An Act to amend the laws in respect to forfeited recognizances in Ireland.

In part; namely —

In sections three, twenty, twenty-one, twenty-seven, twenty-eight, twenty-nine, thirty-four, the words "and be it enacted "; two, four, seventeen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty-two, twenty-three, twenty-four, thirty-one, thirty-two, thirty-threo, thirty-five, from " be it" to " enacted that"; and in twenty-two the word "that " before " it shall "

• An Act to abolish certain offices and to regulate certain other offices in.

Ireland.

Sections five, six, eight, nine, ten, eleven, from "be it" to " enacted that "; and in eleven, the word "that " before " the " said office shall from thenceforth "

An Act to abolish certain offices, and regulate others, in Scotland.

In part; namely —

Sections two, three, four, five, six, nine, ten, eleven, thirteen, fifteen, from " be it " to " enacted that"

- An Act to amend the laws relating to sheriffs in Ireland.

In part; namely —

Sections three, four, five, from "be it" to " enacted that"; and in five, the word "that " before " from and after "

- An Act to enable justices of the peace to settle the fees to be taken by the clerks of the peace of the respective counties and other divisions, of England and Wales.

In part; namely —

Sections two, three, four, from " be it" to "enacted that"

72

Ch. 3.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1888.

51 ?Ito

Reign and Chapter, &c. Title.

57 Geo. 3. c. 93. - An Act to regulate the costs of distresses levied for payment bf: small rents. In part; namely — Sections two, six, seven, from " be it " to " enacted that "

, c. 100. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to renew" and ends with the words "hand tax." In part; namely — Sections twelve, thirteen, fourteen, sixteen, seventeen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty, twenty-one, twenty-three, twenty-seven, from " be it " to " enacted that "; fifteen, from " and be it " to "enacted"

, c. 108. An Act for the regulation of levying tolls at fairs, markets, and ports in Ireland. In part; namely — Sections two, four, five, seven, eight, nine, from "be it" to " enacted that "; three, six, from "and be it" to "enacted"

, o. 117. An Act to regulate the issuing of extents in aid. In part; namely — Sections two, three, five, from " and be it " to " enacted "; four, six, from " be it " to " enacted that "

58 Geo. 3. c. 28. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to repeal " and ends with the word "thereof." In part; namely — Section two, from " And be it " to " enacted that "

, c. 29. An Act for regulating the payment of fees for pardons under the Great Seal. In part; namely — Section two, from " be it " to " enacted that "

, c. 30. An Act for preventing frivolous and vexatious actions of assault and battery, and for slanderous words in courts. In part; namely — Section two, from " be it" to " enacted that "

, c. 31. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the word "Ireland " In part; namely — Section two, from " be it " to " enacted that "

o.45.

An Act for building and promoting the building of additional churches in populous parishes.

In part; namely —

Sections ten, twelve, thirteen, sixteen, nineteen, twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-three, twenty-four, twenty-five, twenty-seven, twenty-nine, thirty, thirty-one, thirty-two, thirty-three, thirty-four, thirty-five, thirty-six, thirty-eight, forty-one, forty-two, forty-three, forty-four, forty-seven, fifty, fifty-two, fifty-four, fifty-five, fifty-six, fifty-seven, fifty-eight, fifty-nine, sixty-two, sixty-three, sixty-four, sixty-five, sixty-six, sixty-seven, seventy, seventy-two, seventy-three, seventy-four, seventy-five, seventy-six, seventy-seven, seventy-nine, eighty, eighty-one, eighty-three, from " be it" to "enacted that "; and in thirty-five, the word "that" before "as soon"; in thirty-eight, the word "that " before " the compensation "; in eighty-three, the word "that" before "then the jury"; fifteen, seventeen, twenty-six, twenty-eight, thirty-nine, forty-five, forty-six, forty-eight, forty-nine, fifty-three, sixty, sixty-one, seventy-eight, from "and be it" to "enacted"; eighty-four, from "and be it"; to "declared"; eighty-five, from "be it" to "declared that"

1888.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1888. Ch. 3.

73

Reign and Chapter, &c. Title.

58 Quo. 3. c. 47. - An Act to establish foyer hospitals, and to make other regulations for relief of the suffering poor, and for preventing the increase of infectious fevers in Ireland. In part; namely — Sections two, three, five, six, seven, eight, sixteen, from " be it " to " enacted "

ft c. 57. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the word "licences " In part; namely — Section two, from " be it " to " enacted that "; and the word "that " before " it shall "

99 c. 69. - An Act for the regulation of parish vestries. In part; namely — Sections three, six, eleven, from "be it" to "enacted that"; four, seven, eight, nine, ten, from " and be it" to " enacted"

99 c. 81. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for extending " and ends with the word "contracts." In part; namely — Section two, from " be it " to " enacted that "

59 Geo. 3. 1 6 An Act to regulate the cutlery trade in England. In part; namely — Sections three, four, five, eight, nine, fourteen, sixteen, from "be it" to "enacted that"; six, seven, ten, eighteen, from " and be it " to " enacted "

99 c. 12. - An Act to amend the laws for the relief of the poor. In part; namely — Sections seven, eleven, seventeen, twenty-five, twenty-eight, thirty-five, thirty-seven, from " be it " to " enacted that "; and in thirty-five, the word "that" before "all Acts", the word "that" before "in townships", and the word "that" before " all the powers "; thirteen, twenty, twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-three, thirty-six, from " and be it " to " enacted "

99 c. 36. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the word "causes." In part; namely — Sections seven, nine, thirteen, fourteen, nineteen, twenty-six, twenty-seven, thirty-five, from " be it" to " aforesaid that"; in nineteen, the word "that" before " the letters and in thirty-five, the word "that " before " the said "; eight, from " be it" to " enacted that "; seventeen, from "it is" to "enacted that "

99 c. 38. - i An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to enable " and ends with the word "America." In part; namely — Sections two, four, from " be it " to " enacted that ", and in two, the word "that " before " if any such "; in three, the words "and be it enacted"

99 c. 45. I An Act to explain and amend certain Acts relative to the Court of Session in Scotland. In part; namely — Sections two, four, five, six, from " be it " to " aforesaid that"; three, from " and be it " to " aforesaid "

99 c. 76. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to establish" and ends with the word "bank." In part; namely — Sections two, five, from " be it " to " enacted that"; in three and four, the words "and be it enacted "

74

Ch. 3.

Statute Law Hevision, 1888.

51 Vict.

Reign and Chapter, &c. Title.

59 Geo. 3. c. 85. An Acfc to amend and correct an Act of the last session of Parliament for the regulation of parish vestries in England. In part; namely — . Section two, from " be it" to " enacted that "

, c. 92. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to enable " and ends with the word "apprentices." In part; namely — Section three, from ‘be it " to " enacted that "

, c. 94. - An Act the title of which begins with the words <f An Act to explain " and ends with the word "successors." In part; namely — Section two, from " be it " to " enacted that three, from " and he it " to " enacted "

» c. 134. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the word "parishes." In part; namely — Sections four, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, seventeen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty, twenty -two, twenty-three, twenty-six, twenty-eight, twenty-nine, thirty, thirty-two, thirty-three, thirty-four, thirty-six, thirty-seven, thirty-eight, thirty-nine, forty, from "be it" to "enacted that"; thirteen, twenty-five, twenty-seven, from " and be it " to " enacted "

, c. 135. An Act the title of which begins with the words An Act to repeal " and ends with the word "Scotland." In part; namely — Sections twenty-five, twenty-six, twenty-nine, thirty-two, from " be it " to " enacted that "

60 Geo. 3. & 1 Geo. 4. o. 1. An Act to prevent the training of persons to the use of arms, and to the practice of military evolutions and exercise. In part; namely — Sections two, three, five, six, from " be it " to " enacted that "; four, seven, from " and be it " to " enacted "

»» *> c. 4. An Act to prevent delay in the administration of justice in cases of misdemeanor. In part; namely — Sections two, nine, from "and be it" to "enacted "; four, " and it is " to " enacted that "; eight, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "; ten, from " be it " to " enacted that "

»« c. 8. An Act for the more effectual prevention and punishment of blasphemous and seditious libels. In part; namely — Sections two, four, seven, eight, nine, from " be it " to " enacted that "; three, ten, from " and be it " to " enacted "

c. 11. An Act for the better regulation of polls, and for making further provision touching the election of members to serve in Parliament for Ireland. In part; namely — Section four, from " And be it " to " enacted that "; five, twenty-two, twenty-four, twenty-five, twenty-six, from "be it" to "enacted that"; in twenty-two, the word "that" before "every" (twice); in twenty-four, the word "that" before " such deputy " (twice); and the word "that " before "in case "

1 Geo. 4. c. 5. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to enable" and ends with the words "party thereto." In part; namely — Section four, from " be it " to " enacted that "

1888.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1888. Ch. 3,

75

Ba'gn and Chapter, &c. Title.

1 Geo. 4. c. 57. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to repeal" and ends with the word "thereof." Sections two, three, from " be it " to " enacted that "

, c. 68. An Act for the better administration of justice in the Court of Exchequer Chamber in Ireland. In part; namely — In section two, the words "and be it enacted "; three, four, five, six, nine, from " be it " to " enacted that "

, c. 100. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for amending " and ends with the words "of London." In part; namely — Sections six, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, seventeen, eighteen, twenty-two, twenty-eight, thirty, thirty-four, thirty-five, thirty-eight, forty, forty-two, forty-three, forty-five, from " be it " to " enacted that " j m ten, the word "that*’ before " if the alderman "; in forty-two, the | word "that" before "from and after"; thirty-seven, forty-| eight, from " and be it " to " enacted "

c. 101. - An Act to enable the examination of witnesses to be taken in India in support of bills of divorce on account of adultery committed in India. In part; namely — Sections two, three, from "be it" to "enacted that"; and in two, the word "that " before " the judges "

1A 2 Geo. 4. c. 23. - An Act to amend the law respecting the inclosing of open fields, pastures, moors, commons, and waste lands in England. In part; namely — Section two, from " be it " to " enacted that "; four, five, from ‘ ‘ and be it " to " enacted "

, c. 24. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to extend " and ends with the words "called Ireland." In part; namely — Section two, from " and be it " to " aforesaid"

c. 28. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for abolishing " and ends with the words "by them." In part; namely — Section three, from "be it" to "enacted that ", and the word "that " before ‘ from the "

., c. 33. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to make" and ends with the word "Ireland." In part; namely — Sections two, four, five, six, eight, ten, eleven, thirteen, seventeen, from " be it " to " enacted "; twelve, eighteen, from " and be it " to " enacted "

»» c. 36. An Act for the better regulation of the public notaries in Ireland. In part; namely — Sections two, three, five, six, seven, eight, ten, eleven, twelve, sixteen, seventeen, from "be it" to " enacted that"; nine, from " and be it " to " enacted "; fourteen, from " and it is " to "enacted "

, c. 38. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for establishing " and ends with the word "courts." In part; namely — In sections three, four, eight, nine, twelve, sixteen, eighteen, twenty-two, twenty-four, twenty-five, twenty-six, twenty-eight, twenty-nine, thirty, thirty-one, thirty-three, the words "be it enacted that"; and in twenty-eight, the word "that " before "the fees heretofore"; and in thirty-three, the word "that" before " in all cases ", and the word "that " before " a report "

7ft

Ch. 3.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1888.

51 Vict.

Reign and Chapter, &c. Tide.

1 & 2 Geo. 4. o* 41. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for giving" and ends with the words "steam engines/1 In part; namely — Section two, from "be it" to "enacted that"; in three, the words "and be it enacted "

, c. 44b - I An Act to exclude persons holding certain judicial offices in Ireland from being members of the Honse of Commons. In port; namely — Section two, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "

, c. 48. - 1 An Act to amend the several Acts for the regulation of attornies and solicitors. In part; namely — Section two, from " be it " to " enacted that "; in four, the words "and be it enacted "

, c. 53. An Act, tho title of which begins with the words "An Act to regulate *’ and ends with the word "Ireland." In part; namely — Sections seven, nine, ten, twenty-one, twenty-four, twenty-eight, twenty-nine, thirty, thirty-six, thirty-seven, thirty-nine, forty, forty-five, forty-Bix, forty-seven, forty-eight, forty-nine, fifty, sixty-two, sixty-three, sixty-nine, seventy, from "be it" to "enacted"; twenty-five, forty-two, forty-three, forty-four, sixty-four, from "and be it" to " enacted."

, c. 54. - An Act to regulate the office of clerk of assize or nisi prius, or judge’s registrar in Ireland. In part; namely — Sections two, three, four, five, six, seven, from "be it" to "enacted that"; in two, the word "that" before "after"; and in six, the word "that " before " when and "

, c. 58. - An Act to regulate the expenses of Members to serve in Parliament for Ireland. In part; namely — Section three, from " And be it " to " enacted that "; and the word "that" before "every"

, c. 66. - An Act for regulating the fur trade and establishing a criminal and civil jurisdiction within certain parts of North America. In part; namely — Sections two, twelve, from "and be it" to "enacted"; three, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, thirteen, fourteen, from "be it" to "enacted that"; and in six, the word "that" before " all and every "; in eight, the word "that " before the second "it shall be lawful "; and in fourteen, the word "that" before " all such "

, c. 72. - An Act, the title of which begins with the words "An Act to establish" and ends with the word "millions." In part; namely — Sections three, four, five, six, from " be it " to " enacted that "; in three, the word "that" before " the said "; in seven, the words "and be it enacted "

»» c. 76. An Act, the title of which begins with the words "An Act to continue" and ends with the words "Queen Anne." In part; namely — Sections two, three, four, fifteen, from "be it" to "enacted that"; and in two, the word "that" before " the said, " and the word "that" before the second " it shall be "; five, from " and be it" to " enacted "

1888.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1888. Ch. 3.

77

Reign and Chapter, &c. Title.

1*8 Geo. c. 77. - An Act, the title of which begins with the words "An Act to abolish " and ends with the word "officers." In part; namely — Sections three, four, six, seven, from " be it " to " enacted that "; and in three, the word "that " before " the expense "; and in five, the words "and be it enacted."

, c. 88. - An Act for the amendment of the law of rescue. In part; namely — Section two, from " be it" to " enacted that"

, o. 112. An Act, the title of which begins with the words "An Act to grant, " and ends with the word "Ireland." In part; namely — Sections four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, fifteen, sixteen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty, twenty-three, twenty-five, twenty-six, twenty-seven, from "be it" to " enacted."

, c. 121. An Act, the title of which begins with the words "An Act to alter, " and ends with the word revenues." In part; namely — Sections twenty-eight, twenty-nine, from " be it " to " enacted that "

3 Geo. 4. c. 10. An Act, the title of which begins with the words "An Act to enable, " and ends with the word "assizes." In part; namely — Section two from " be it " to " enacted that "

, c. 33. An Act, the title of which begins with the words "An Act for altering, " and ends with the word "offenders." In part; namely — Sections eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, from " be it " to " enacted that "

, c. 39. An Act for preventing frauds upon creditors by secret warrants of attorney to confess judgment. In part; namely — Sections two, four, five, six, seven, eight, from "be it" to " enacted that "

, c. 46. An Act for the more speedy return and levying of fines, penalties, and forfeitures, and recognizances estreated. In part; namely — Sections two, three, six, eight, ten, from "be it" to "enacted that"; five, nine, eleven, thirteen, fifteen, sixteen, from "and be it" to " enacted"

, c. An Act concerning the residence of sheriffs depute of the counties of Edinburgh and Lanark. In part; namely — In section two the words "and be it enacted."

, c. 52. An Act, the title of which begins with the words "An Act to grant, " and ends with the words "twenty-four." In part; namely — Sections one hundred and eight, one hundred and ten, one hundred and eleven, one hundred and twelve, one hundred and thirteen, one hundred and nineteen, one hundred and twenty, one hundred and twenty-one, one hundred and twenty-two, one hundred and twenty-four, one hundred and twenty-five, from " be it " to " enacted that "; and in one hundred and twenty-four the word "that " before "one moiety"; in one hundred and nine, one hundred and fourteen, one hundred and twenty-six, the words "and be it enacted."

T8 Ch. 3. Statute Law Revision, 1888. 51 Vict.

Reign and Chapter, &c. Title.

3 Geo. 4. c. 62. ' An Act, the title of which begins with the words "An Act for regulating, " and ends with the word "therein." In part; namely — In section two, the words "be it enacted that "

, c. 63. An Act, the title of which begins with the words "An Act to authorise, " and ends with the word "Ireland." In part; namely — Sections twelve, thirteen, from " be it " to " enacted that "

, c. 72. An Act, the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the word "parishes." In part; namely — Sections two, three, four, seven, eight, nine, twelve, thirteen, fifteen, sixteen, seventeen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty-two, twenty-three, twenty-four, twenty-six, twenty-nine, thirty-one, thirty-four, from " be it " to " enacted that "; and in nineteen, the word "that" before "all banns"; fourteen, twenty-five, thirty-five, from " and be it" to " enacted "; thirty-six, from "and be it" to "declared"; thirty-seven, from "be it" to " declared that."

, c. 75. An Act to amend certain provisions of the twenty-sixth of George the Second for the better preventing of clandestine marriages. In part; namely — Section two, from " be it " to " enacted that "; three, six, seven, from " ond be it " to " enacted "

, c. 79. An Act, the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the word "Ireland/* In part; namely — Sections two, four, seven, nine, twelve, from "be it*’ to "enacted that "

91. An Act for regulating the mode of accounting for the common good and revenues of tho royal burghs of Scotland. In part; namely — Soctions two, three, four, five, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, from "be it" to "enacted that"; in six, the words "and be it enacted "

, c. 116. - < An Act for the more convenient and effectual registering in Ireland deeds executed in Great Britain. In part; namely — Sections two, three, four, five, six, seven, from "be it" to " aforesaid that "

, c. 119. - An Act to regulate the trade of the provinces of Lower and Upper Canada, and for other purposes relating to the said provinces. In part; namely — Section thirty-two, from " be it " to " enacted that "

, c. 126. - An Act to amend the general laws now in being for regulating turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain called England. In part; namely — Sections seven, nine, eleven, thirteen, fifteen, twenty, twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-six, twenty-eight, twenty-nine, thirty, thirty-two, thirty-five, thirty-six, thirty-eight, thirty-nine, forty, forty-one, forty-three, forty-six, forty-seven, forty-eight, forty-nine, fifty-one, fifty-two, fifty-five, fifty-eight, sixty, sixty-one, sixty-two, sixty-five, sixty-six, sixty-nine, seventy-two, seventy-three, seventy-four, seventy-five, seventy-eight.

1888.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1888. Ch. 3,

79

Reign and Chapter, &c.!

Title.

3 Geo. 4. c. 126. — cont.

4 Geo. 4. c. 7.

seventy-nine, eighty, eighty-one, eighty-two, eighty-four, eighty-five, eighty-six, eighty-seven, eighty-eight, eighty-nine, ninety-seven, ninety-nine, one hundred and one, one hundred and two, one hundred and three, one hundred and -six, one hundred and eight, one hundred and ten, one hundred and eleven, one hundred and thirteen, one hundred and fourteen, one hundred and fifteen, one hundred and sixteen, one hundred and eighteen, one hundred and nineteen, one hundred and twenty-one, one hundred and twenty-three, one hundred and twenty-five, one hundred and twenty-six, one hundred and twenty-seven, one hundred and thirty, one hundred and thirty-three, one hundred and thirty-four, one hundred and thirty-six, ono hundred and thirty-nine, one hundred and forty-three, one hundred and forty-four, one hundred and forty-six, one hundred and forty-seven, one hundred and forty-eight, one hundred and fifty-one, one hundred and fifty-two, from " be it" to " enacted that "; and in eleven, the word "that " before " it shall not"; in seventy-four, the word "that" before "any one "; in ninety-seven, the word "that " after " also "; in one hundred and eight, the word "that " before " all rates "; in one hundred and eleven, the word "that" before "then it shall "; in one hundred and thirteen, the word "that " before "every person"; in one hundred and twenty-six, the word "that " before the second " it shall, " and the word "that " before "whilst"; in one hundred and forty-eight, the word "that " before " no objection "; fourteen, sixteen, twenty-five, twenty-seven, thirty-three, forty-four, fifty-four, fifty-seven, sixty-three, sixty-four, seventy-six, ninety-eight, one hundred, one hundred and twelve, one hundred and seventeen, one hundred and thirty-seven, one hundred and fifty, one hundred and fifty-three, from " and be it " to " enacted "

An Act to regulate the appointment and swearing into office of the Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland.

In part; namely —

Section three, from " be it " to " enacted that."

, c. 19.

, c. 33.

- An Act for further regulating tho Reduction of the National Debt,

i In part; namely —

j Sections eleven, thirteen, from " be it " to " enacted that "

- 1 An Act to make more effectual regulations for the election, and to 1 secure the performance of the duties of county treasurers in Ireland.

1 In part; namely —

Sections two, three, four, five, seven, eight, nine, ten, thirteen,

j fifteen, from "be it" to "enacted; " in six, twelve, and

1 fourteen the words "and be it enacted "

, c. 37.

, c. 40.

.. c. 48.

- An Act to amend an Act for the more speedy return and levying of . fines, penalties, and forfeitures, and recognizances estreated.

In part; namely —

I Sections three, five, from " be it" to " enacted that"

I

. ' An Act to amend several Acts for the regulation of the linen and hempen manufactures in Scotland.

In part; namely —

Sections three, five, from " be it " to " enacted that "

. | An Act for enabling courts to abstain from pronouncing sentence of | death in certain capital felonies.

In part; namely —

Sections two, three, from " be it " to " enacted that "

80

Ch. 3.

Statute Law Revision 1888.

51 VICT.

Reign and Chapter, &c. Title.

4 Geo. 4. c. 55. 1 ! An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to consolidate " and ends with the word "Ireland." In part; namely — Sections twenty-five, twenty-six, twenty-seven, twenty-eight, thirty-three, sixty-three, sixty-six, sixty-seven, seventy-one, seventy-three, seventy-four, seventy-five, eighty-Bix, from " be it " to " enacted "

, c. 60.] An Act for granting to His Majesty a sum of money to be raised by lotteries. In part; namely — Sections thirty-nine, forty-one, fifty-nine, sixty-one, sixty-two, sixty-seven, sixty-eight, from " be it " to " enacted that "

y, C. 61. 1 An Act for the better administration of justice in the Court of Chancery, | in Ireland. In part; namely — Sections five, six, seven, eight, thirteen, sixteen, seventeen, eighteen, twenty-four, twenty-six, forty, forty-one, forty-two, forty-four, forty-six, forty-eight, forty-nine, fifty, fifty-five, fifty-six, fifty-seven, fifty-eight, seventy-two, from " be it " to "enacted that; " in eighteen the word "that" before "all mid; " in forty-two, the word "that " before " on the death; " in forty-six the word "that" before " no clerk, " and the word "that’’before " every clerk; " in fifty-six, the word "that" before "from and after; " in fifty-eight, the word "that" before " all matters; " and in seventy-two, the word "that " before "one moiety; " fourteen, fifteen, twenty-seven, thirty, thirty-four, thirty-nine, from "and be it" to "enacted"

>. c. 71. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for defraying " and ends with the word "Bombay." In part; namely — Sections three, eleven, twelve, from "be it" to "enacted"; four, thirteen, from " and be it " to " enacted "

, o. 76. An Act for amending the laws respecting the solemnization of marriages in England. In part; namely — Sections two, three, six, nine, eleven, sixteen, seventeen, nineteen, twenty-one, twenty-three, twenty-seven, thirty-two, thirty-three, from " be it" to " enacted that"; and in two, the word "that " before " all other ", and the word "that " before " in all "; four, five, twelve, fifteen, eighteen, twenty, twenty-two, twenty-five, twenty-six, thirty, thirty-one, from " and be it" to "enacted"; seven, from "and it is" to "enacted"; eight, from " and be it " to " aforesaid "; ten, from " it is " to " enacted that "; thirteen, from " and be it " to " declared "; twenty-four, from " be it " to " aforesaid that "

, o. 78. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to grant, " and ends with the word "Ireland." In part; namely — Sections two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, from " be it " to " enacted"

, c. 79. An Act for building additional places of worship in the Highlands and Islands of Scotland. In part; namely — Section two, from " And be it" to "enacted that"; three, from " be it " to " enacted that "

1888. Statute Law Revision Act, 1888. Ch. 8. 81

Reign and Chapter, &c. Title.

4 Geo. 4. c. 80. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to consolidate," and ends with the word "India." In part; namely — Sections twenty-five, twenty-six, twenty-seven, twenty-eight, thirty-three, thirty-four, from "be it" to " enacted that"; thirty-two, from " and be it " to " enacted "

, c. 83. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the," and ends with word " agents." In part; namely — Section two, from " be it " to " enacted that "

>, c. 87. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend," and ends with the word "Ireland." In part; namely — Section two, from "nevertheless" to "enacted"; three, seven, eight, ten, from " be it" to "enacted that"; in four, five, six, the words "and be it enacted "

u c. 91. An Act to relieve His Majesty's subjects from all doubt concerning the validity of certain marriages solemnized abroad. In part; namely — Section two, from " and be it " to " enacted "

c. 95. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to explain," and ends with the word "England." In part; namely — Sections two, five, six, ten, thirteen, sixteen, seventeen, nineteen, twenty, twenty-one, twenty-three, twenty-four, twenty-eight, thirty, thirty-one, thirty-two, thirty-three, thirty-nine, forty-one, forty-three, forty-five, forty-seven, forty-nine, fifty-two, fifty-three, fifty-five, fifty-seven, fifty.eight, fifty-nine, sixty, sixty-three, sixty-five, sixty-six, sixty-seven, sixty-nine, seventy-one, seventy-two, seventy-three, seventy-six, seventy-eight, eighty, eighty-eight, from " be it " to " enacted that"; in ten, the word "that" before " the tolls "; in thirty-one, the word "that" before "no tolls, "; in thirty-nine, the word "that" before "no order" (twice), and before "all acts" (twice), and before "a chairman"; in fifty-two, the word "that" before "in case, " and in seventy-eight, the word "that" before "actions"; twenty-six, thirty-four, thirty-six, forty-four, fifty, fifty-six, sixty-one, eighty-seven, ninety-one, ninety-two, ninety-three, from " and be it5* to " enacted "

, c. 97. An Act the title of which begins with the words An Act for the," and ends with the word "Scotland." In part; namely — Sections two, three, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, twenty, twenty-three, from "be it " to " enacted that "; in four, the words "and be it enacted."

, c. 98. An Act for the better granting of confirmations in Scotland. In part; namely — Sections two, three, from "be it" to "enacted that"; in four, the words "and be it enacted "

82

Ch. 3.

Statute Law Revision, 1888.

51 Vict.

PART II.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

35 Eliz. c. 6. 4 W. & M. c. 18. - An Acte agalste newe buyldingf. An Act to prevent malicious informations in the Court of Kingf Bench, and for the more easie reversal of outlaries in the same court. In part; namely — Title, from " and for " to end of title. Preamble, from " And whereas diverse persons " to " reverse the same outlaries." Section one, from "from and after" to "and three"; and from " or issue out any processe " to end of the section. Sections two, three, and four.

5 & 6 W. & M. c. 11. An Act to prevent delays of proceedings att the quarter sessions of the peace. In part; namely — The whole Act, except section five.

7 & 8 Will. 3. c. 3. - An Act for regulateing of try ala in cases of treason and misprision of treason. In part; namely — Section one, the words "but not the names of the witnesses "

8 & 9 Will. 3. c. 33.- An Act to make ppetual and more effectual an Act intituled An Act to prevent Delays att the Quarter Sessions of the Peace.

10 Will. 3. c. 23. - An Act for suppressing of lotteries. In part; namely — Sections two and three, from " to be recovered " to the end of these sections respectively.

7 Anne, c. 21. An Act for improving the union of the two kingdoms. In part; namely — Section fourteen, from "be it" to "aforesaid" and from "from and" to "securing the rights and liberties of the " subject"

1 Geo. 1. s. 2. c. 5. - An Act for preventing tumults and riotous^ assemblies, and for the more speedy and effectual punishing the rioters. In part; namely — Section one, from " without benefit " where these words first occur, to the end of the section. Section five, from " without benefit " where these words first occur to " of clergy" where those words secondly occur; and from " and shall suffer " where those words last occur to the end of the section.

13 Geo. 2. o. 18. An Act the title of which, so far as unrepealed, begins with the words "An Act for limiting" and ends with the words "or liberties."

25 Geo. 2. c. 37. An Act for better preventing the horrid crime of murder. In part; namely — Section nine, the words "and shall suffer death without benefit of clergy "

7 Geo. 3. c. 50. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for amending " and ends with the words "within that Island."

37 Geo. 3. c. 70. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the better " and ends with the words "or disobedience." In part; namely — Section one, from " and shall suffer " to end of the section.

1888.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1888. Ch. 3.

83

Reign and Chapter. Title.

46 Geo. 3. c. 148. An Act for granting to His Majesty a sum of money to be raised by lotteries. In part; namely — Section fifty-nine, from " or against " to the first otherwise directed"; and from " except where " to the second " otherwise directed."

52 Geo. 3. c. 104. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to render " and ends with the words "unlawful oaths." In part; namely — Section one, the words "and suffer death as a felon without " benefit of clergy " Section four, the words "and shall suffer death as felons without benefit of clergy "

5G Geo. 3. c. 138. An Act to abolish the punishment of the pillory, except in certain cases. In part; namely — The whole Act, except section two, from the words ‘f in all cases " to " punishment of pillory " PART III.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

25 Edw. 3. s. 5. c. 14. Process against persons indicted of felony.

6 Hen. 6. c. 1. Indictments found in the King’s Bench by jurors suspected or unduely procured; &c.

8 Hen. 6. c. 10. Malicious indictments or appeals of persons in one county who are dwelling in another; &c.

10 Hen. 6. c. 6. St. 8. Hen. 6. c. 10. recited, as to process upon the indictments of persons in one county who are dwelling in another; the statute confirmed, &c.

6 Hen. 8. c. 4. Acte for golamacions to be made before the' exigent be awardid into foreyn shires.

5 & 6 Edw. 6. c. 26. - An Act for writtes upon pclamacSns & exigents to be currant within the Countye Palantyne of Lancaster.

31 Eliz. c. 9. - An Act for writs nppon proclamations and exigents to be current within the county palatine of Durham.

4 W. &M. c. 22. - An Act for regulateing Proceeding £ in the Orowne Office of the Court of King£ Bench att Westminster.

84

Ch. 4.

51 Vict.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 58.

Army (Annual) Act, 1888.

CHAPTER 4.

An Act to provide, during twelve months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

[27th April 1888.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping of a standing army within v the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in time of peace, unless it be with the consent of Parliament, is against law:

And whereas it is adjudged necessary by Her Majesty and this present Parliament, that a body of forces should be continued for the safety of the United Kingdom and the defence of the possessions of Her Majesty's Crown, and that the whole number of such forces should consist of one hundred and forty-nine thousand six hundred and sixty-seven men, including those to be employed at the dep6ts in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the training of recruits for service at home and abroad, but exclusive of the numbers actually serving within Her Majesty's Indian possessions:

And whereas it is also judged necessary for the safety of the United Kingdom, and the defence of the possessions of this realm, that a body of Royal Marine forces should be employed in Her Majesty's fleet and naval service, under the direction of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid:

And whereas the said marine forces may frequently be quartered or be on shore, or sent to do duty or be on board transport ships or vessels, merchant ships or vessels, or other ships or vessels, or they may be under other circumstances in which they will not be subject to the laws relating to the government of Her Majesty's forces by sea:

And whereas no man can be forejudged of life or limb, or subjected in time of peace to any kind of punishment within this realm by martial law, or in any other manner than by the judgment of his peers and according to the known and established laws of this realm; yet nevertheless it being requisite, for the retaining all the before-mentioned forces, and other persons subject to military law, in their duty, that an exact discipline be observed, and that persons belonging to the said forces who mutiny or stir up sedition, or desert Her Majesty's service, or are guilty of crimes and offences to the prejudice of good order and military discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the usual forms of the law will allow:

And whereas the Army Act, 1881, will expire in the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight on the following days:

(a.) In the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and the Isle of Man, on the thirtieth day of April; and (6.) Elsewhere in Europe, inclusive of Malta, also in the West Indies and America, on the thirty-first day of July; and (c.) Elsewhere, whether within or without Her Majesty's dominions, on the thirty-first day of December:

1888.

85

Army (Annual) Act, 1888. Ch. 4.

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Army (Annual) Act, 1888. short title.

2. — (1.) The Army Act, 1881, shall be and remain in force during Army Act

the periods herein-after mentioned, and no longer, unless other- (44 & 45 Jr»ct wise provided by Parliament; that is to say, ^forwfor0

(a.) Within the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and the specified times. Isle of Man, from the thirtieth day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight to the thirtieth day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine, both inclusive; and

(6.) Elsewhere in Europe, inclusive of Malta, also in the West Indies and America, from the thirty-first day of July one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight to the thirty-first day of July one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine, both inclusive; and

(c.) Elsewhere, whether within or without Her Majesty's dominions, from the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight to the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine, both inclusive;

and the day from which the Army Act, 1881, is continued in any place by this Act is in relation to that place referred to in this Act as the commencement of this Act.

(2.) The Array Act, 1881, while in force shall apply to persons subject to military law, whether within or without Her Majesty's dominions.

(3.) A person subject to military law shall not be exempted from the provisions of the Army Act, 1881, by reason only that the 44 & 45 Vict, number of the forces for the time being in the service of Her c‘5P* Majesty, exclusive of the marine forces, is either greater or less than the number herein-before mentioned.

3. There shall be paid to the keeper of a victualling house for Prices in

the accommodation provided by him in pursuance of the Army Act, of 1881, the prices specified in the schedule to this Act. 1 e ing ’

Amendments of Army Act, 1881.

4. Whereas by the third sub-section of section sixty-three of the Amendment Army Act, 1881, it is enacted as follows: — 44*45 vict

" A military prisoner while in a public prison shall be confined, c. 58. as to kept to hard labour, and otherwise dealt with in the like manner milltary pn‘ as an ordinary prisoner under a like sentence of imprisonment And whereas doubts have arisen as to whether such a prisoner may be detained in and removed to or from a hospital for the prison when the hospital is detached from the prison, and it is expedient to remove such doubts: Be it therefore enacted as follows: —

86

51 VICT.

Amendment of s. 92 of 44 & 45 Vict. c. 58. as to the certificate of discharge.

Repeal of 88. 148-150 of 44 & 45 Vict. c. 58.

Amendment of b. 151 of 44 & 45 Vict. c. 58. as to courts of small causes in India.

Ch. 4. Army (Annual) Act, 1888.

There shall be added to section sixty-three of the Army Act, 1881, at the end of the third sub-section, the following enactment:—

And where the hospital or place for the reception of sick prisoners in such prison is detached from the prison may be detained in such hospital or place and conveyed to and from the same as circumstances require.

5. Whereas by section ninety-two of the Army Act, 1881, it is provided that there shall be given to every soldier of the regular forces who is discharged a certificate of discharge stating his service, conduct, and character, and the cause of his discharge;

And whereas it is expedient to provide for the variation of the statements in the certificate of discharge: Be it therefore enacted as follows: —

In sub-section two of section ninety-two of the Army Act, 1881, the words "such particulars as may be from time to time " required by regulations of a Secretary of State under this " Act" shall be substituted for the words "his service, " conduct, and character, and the cause of his discharge."

6. Sections one hundred and forty-eight, one hundred and forty-nine, and one hundred and fifty of the Army Act, 1881, which relate to Military Courts of Request in India, are hereby repealed, without prejudice to anything done or suffered in pursuance thereof before such repeal takes effect, and any judgment or order made in pursuance of those sections may be carried into execution as if such repeal had not been enacted.

7. Whereas sub-section one of section one hundred and fifty-one of the Army Act, 1881, is as follows:—

"In India all actions of debt and personal actions against persons subject to military law, other than soldiers of the regular forces, within the jurisdiction of any court of small causes, shall be cognizable by such court to the extent of its powers

And whereas doubts have arisen as to whether the words "within the jurisdiction of any court " refer to persons resident within the jurisdiction, and it is expedient to remove such doubts: Be it therefore enacted as follows: —

In sub-section one of section one hundred and fifty-one of the Army Act, 1881, the words "where the persons so subject are " resident within the local jurisdiction " shall be substituted for the words "within the jurisdiction."

SCHEDULE.

Accommodation to be provided. Maximum price.

Lodging and attendance for soldier where hot meal furnished. Twopence halfpenny per night.

Hot meal as specified in Part 1. of the Second Schedule to the Army Act, 1881. One shilling and one penny halfpenny each.

1888. Army (Annual) Act, 1888. Ch. 4, 5.

Accommodation to be provided. Maximum price.

Where no hot meal famished, lodging and attendance, and candles, vinegar, salt, and the use of fire, and the necessary utensils for dressing and eating his meat. Fourpence per day.

Ten pounds of oats, twelve pounds of hay, and eight pounds of straw per day for each horse. One shilling and ninepence per day.

Lodging and attendance for officer - Two shillings per night.

Note. — An officer shall pay for his food.

CHAPTER 6.

An Act to empower the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise money in the United Kingdom for the purchase of the Oude and Rohilkund Railway, and for the construction, extension, and equipment of Railways in India, through the Agency of Companies, and for other purposes relating thereto.

[27th April 1888.]

WHEREAS the Secretary of State in Council, by virtue of the power vested in him under the contracts between him and the Company, on the second day of January, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight, gave to the Oude and Rohilkund Company, Limited, notice of his intention to purchase the undertaking of the Company:

And whereas, in consequence of such notice, the Secretary of State in Council has become liable to pay to the Company in London on the thirty-first day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight, the amount of five million thirty-six thousand and forty-eight pounds sixteen shillings and eightpence for the said purchase, and has also become liable to pay the sum of five million three hundred thousand pounds borrowed by the Company on the debentures and debenture stock specified in the schedule to this Act annexed, as and when the same respectively shall become redeemable:

And whereas it is expedient that the Secretary of State in Council of India should be empowered to raise money in manner in this Act mentioned for the purchase on behalf of Her Majesty for the purposes of the Government of India of the undertaking of the said Company, and for the redemption and discharge of the said debentures and debenture stock as and when the same respectively shall fall due and become redeemable:

And whereas large sums of money have been from time to time raised on bonds or debentures for the purposes of constructing, extending, and equipping various railways in India by companies

88

[Short title.]

Definition.

Power to raise 10, 336, 048/. 16s. 8 d.for purchase of Oude and Rohilkund Railway.

Power to raise 10,000,000l. for constructing, extending, and equipping railways in India.

Mode of raising moneys.

Securities, &c. to be charged on revenues of India.

Ch. 5. Oude and Rohilkund Railway Purchase, 1888. 51 Vict.

under the guarantee, as respects both interest and principal of the Secretary of State in Council of India:

And whereas the Secretary of State in Council is advised that the charge on the revenues of India on account of the moneys from time to time required for the said last-mentioned purposes, through the agency of such companies, might be less if such moneys were raised by the Secretary of State in Council of India in the United Kingdom, on the credit of the revenues of India, than if such moneys were raised through the agency of such companies:

And whereas it is expedient that the Secretary of State in Council of India be empowered to raise such moneys in manner in this Act mentioned:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Oude and Rohilkund Railway Purchase Act, 1888.

2. In this Act the expression "Secretary of State" means the Secretary of State in Council of India, unless the context otherwise requires.

3. It shall be lawful for the Secretary of State at any time or times after the passing of this Act to raise in the United Kingdom, for the purchase of the railways, works, stations, telegraphs, engines, carriages, stock, plant, and machinery belonging to or forming the undertaking of the Oude and Rohilkund Railway Company, Limited, and as and when necessary for the discharge and redemption of debentures and debenture stock issued by the Company, any sum or sums of money not exceeding in the whole the sum of ten million three hundred and thirty-six thousand and forty-eight pounds sixteen shillings and eightpence.

4. It shall further be lawful for the Secretary of State to raise in the United Kingdom any sum or sums of money not exceeding in the whole ten millions of pounds sterling to be applied, from time to time, in such manner and under such conditions as the Secretary of State may determine for the purposes of constructing, extending, and equipping railways in India through the agency of a company or companies under engagement with the Secretary of State, or in the repayment or discharge of the principal of any bonds or debentures issued by any such company under the guarantee of the Secretary of State.

5. All moneys raised under the authority of this Act shall be raised either by the creation and iasue of bonds, debentures, or capital stock bearing interest, or partly by one of such modes and partly by another or others.

6. All bonds and debentures issued under this Act, and the principal moneys and interest thereby secured, and all capital stock issued under this Act, and the interest thereon, shall be charged on

89

1888. Oude and Rohilkund Railway Purchase, 1888. Ch. 5.

and payable out of the revenues of India, in like manner as other liabilities incurred on account of the Government of India.

7. The whole amount of principal moneys to be charged on the revenues of India under this Act shall not exceed ten millions of pounds sterling, beyond the amount required to be charged for the purchase of the Oude and Rohilkund Railway, and for the discharge of the debentures and debenture stock mentioned in the schedule to this Act annexed.

8. Upon or for the repayment of any principal moneys secured under the authority of this Act, the Secretary of State may at any time borrow or raise, by all or any of the modes aforesaid, all or any part of the amount of principal money repaid or to be repaid, and so from time to time as all or any part of any principal moneys under this Act may require to be repaid, but the whole, amount to be charged on the revenues of India shall not in any case exceed the principal moneys required to be repaid.

9. All bonds issued under the authority of this Act may be issued under the hands of two members of the Council of India, and countersigned by the Secretary of State for India or one of his under secretaries, or his assistant under secretary, and shall be for such respective amounts, payable after such notice, and at such rate or rates of interest, as the Secretary of State may think fit.

10. All debentures issued under the authority of this Act may be issued under the hands of two members of the Council of India, and countersigned as aforesaid, for such respective amounts, and at such rate or rates of interest, as the Secretary of State may think fit, and shall be issued at or for such prices and on such terms as may be determined by the Secretary of State.

11. All debentures issued under the authority of this Act shall be paid off at par at a time or times to be mentioned in such debentures respectively; and the interest on all such debentures shall be paid on such days as shall be mentioned therein; and the principal moneys and interest secured by such debentures shall be payable either at the treasury of the Secretary of State in London or at the Bank of England.

12. Debentures issued under the authority of this Act, and all right to and in respect of the principal and interest moneys secured thereby, shall be transferable by the delivery of such debentures, or, at the discretion of the Secretary of State, by deed; provided that the coupons for interest annexed to any debenture issued under the authority of this Act shall pass by delivery.

13. Any capital stock created under the authority of this Act shall bear such rate of interest as the Secretary of State may think fit; and such capital stock may be issued on such terms as may be determined by the Secretary of State; and any such capital stock may bear interest during such period, and be paid off at par at such time, as the Secretary of State may prescribe previously to the issue of such capital stock.

Limit of charge on revenues of India.

Power to re-borrow.

As to issue of bonds.

As to issue of debentures.

As to payment of principal and interest on debentures.

Mode of transfer of debentures.

Capital stock.

90

Transfer books of capital stock.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 64. s. 4. extended to bonds and debentures under Act

Punishment of forgery of bonds and debentures.

Saving existing

borrowing

powers.

Extension of 22 & 23 Vict. c. 35. s. 32,

26 & 27 Vict. c. 73.

to capital stock under Act.

Amount, &c. of moneys raised under Act to be shown in parliamentary return.

Ch. 5. Oude and RohiUmnd Railway Purchase, 1888. 51 Vict.

14. In case of the creation and issue of any such capital stock, there shall be kept, either at the office of the Secretary of State in London or at the Bank of England, books wherein entries shall be made of the said capital stock, and wherein all assignments or transfers of the same, or any part thereof, shall be entered and registered, and shall be signed by the parties making such assignments or transfers, or, if such parties be absent, by his, her, or their attorney or attorneys thereunto lawfully authorised by writing under his, her, or their hands and seals, to be attested by two or more credible witnesses; and the person or persons to whom such transfer or transfers shall be made may respectively underwrite his, her, or their acceptance thereof; and no other mode of assigning or transferring the said capital stock or any part thereof, or any interest therein, shall be good and available in law, and no stamp duties whatsoever shall be charged on the said transfers or any of them.

15. The provisions contained in section four of the Act of the session holden in the fifth and sixth years of King William the Fourth, chapter sixty-four, with respect to the composition and agreement for the payment by the East India Company of an annual sum in lieu of stamp duties on their bonds, and the exemption of their bonds from stamp duties, shall be applicable with respect to the bonds and debentures to be issued under the authority of this Act, as if such provisions were here repeated and re-enacted with reference thereto.

16. All provisions now in force in anywise relating to the offence of forging or altering, or offering, uttering, disposing of, or putting off, knowing the same to be forged or altered, any East India bond, with intent to defraud, shall extend and be applicable to and in respect of any bond or debenture issued under the authority of this Act

17. This Act shall not prejudice or affect any power of raising or borrowing money vested in the said Secretary of State at the time of passing thereof.

18. Any capital stock created under this Act shall be deemed to be East India stock, within the Act of the twenty-second and twenty-third Victoria, chapter thirty-five, section thirty-two, unless and until Parliament shall otherwise provide; and any capital stock created under this Act shall be deemed to be and shall mean India stock within the Act of the twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh Victoria, chapter seventy-three, anything in the said last-mentioned Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

19. The amount of all moneys raised under this Act and the manner in which the same shall have been applied shall be shown in the half-yearly returns of all loans raised in England to be prepared by the Secretary of State and presented to both Houses of Parliament under the provisions of section fifteen of the Act forty-two and forty-three Victoria, chapter sixty.

1888. Oude and RohiUcund Railway Purchase, 1888. Cu. 5, 6, 91

SCHEDULE.

Debentures of the Oude and Rohilkund Railway Company.

Amounts. Dates of Redemption. Rates of Interest per Annum.

£ 300,000 1 May 1888 4 per cent.

345,000 16 May 1888

500,000 1 June 1888 - 34 , »

740,000 1 August 1888 -

500,000 1 December 1890 99 99

31,000 16 August 1891 ... 9 9 99

1,000,000 1 April 1892

, 155,000 16 May 1892 99 99

615, 300 4 June 1892 ... 99 99

303,000 16 August 1893 ... 99 99

426,000 1 October 1893 - 99 99

£4, 915, 300

Debenture Stock created by the Company.

384, 7001., bearing interest at per cent., redeemable at par at the option of the Secretary of State at any tim9 after 6th May 1898, upon six months' notice being published in the " London Gazette."

CHAPTER 6.

An Act for facilitating the proceedings of the Commissioners appointed to inquire into the working of the Metropolitan Board of Works.

[30th Apnl 1888.]

WHEREAS a Commission has been issued by Her Majesty, whereby Farrer, Baron Herschell, Frederick Albert Bosan-quet, Esquire, one of Her Majesty's Counsel learned in the law, and Heniy Riveradale Grenfell, Esquire, (herein-after referred to as the Commissioners), have been authorised and directed to inquire into and report upon the working of the Metropolitan Board of Works, and the irregularities which are alleged to have taken place in connexion therewith:

And whereas powers for the effectual conducting of this inquiry cannot be conferred without the authority of Parliament:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L — (1.) The Commissioners shall have all such powers, rights, Powers of and privileges as are vested in Her Majesty's High Court of Commissioners.

92

Ch. G, 7. Metropolitan Board (Commission) Act, 1888. 51 Vict.

Justice, or in any judge thereof, on the occasion of any action, in respect of the following matters:

(i) the enforcing the attendance of witnesses and examining them on oath, affirmation, or otherwise;

(ii) the compelling the production of documents; and

(iii) the punishing persons guilty of contempt;

and a summons signed by one or more of the Commissioners may be substituted for, and shall be equivalent to, any formal process capable of being issued in any action for enforcing the attendance of witnesses or compelling the production of documents.

(2.) A warrant of committal to prison issued for the purpose of enforcing the powers conferred by this section shall be signed by one or more of the Commissioners, and shall specify the prison to which the offender is to be committed, and shall not authorise the imprisonment of an offender for a period exceeding three months.

Power to appear by counsel.

Indemnity to witnesses.

Penalty for 2. Every person who on examination on oath or affirmation false swearing, before the Commissioners wilfully gives false evidence shall be liable to the penalties for perjury.

3. The Metropolitan Board of Works, and any persons who may be so authorised by the Commissioners, may appear before the Commissioners by counsel or solicitor.

4. — (1.) Every person examined as a witness in an inquiry before the Commissioners who, in the opinion of the Commissioners, makes a full and true disclosure touching all the matters in respect of which he is examined, shall be entitled to receive a certificate signed by the Commissioners stating that the witness has, on his examination, made a full and true disclosure as aforesaid.

(2.) If any civil or criminal proceeding is at any time thereafter instituted against any such witness in respect of any matter touching which he has been so examined, the court having cognizance of the case shall, on proof of the certificate, stay the proceeding, and may in their discretion award to the witness such costs as he may be put to in or by reason of the proceeding.

(3.) Provided that no evidence taken under this Act shall be admissible against any person in any civil or criminal proceeding, except in the case of a witness accused of having given false evidence before the Commissioners, or any of them.

5. This Act may be cited as the Metropolitan Board (Commission) Act, 1888.

[Short title.]

CHAPTER 7.

An Act to impose certain Duties of Customs on Spirits imported into the Isle of Man.

[16th May 1888.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1888.

93

hie of Man (Customs) Act, 1888. Ch. 7, 8.

1. In lieu of the duties of Customs previously charged on rum Duties on rum and on British and Irish spirits imported or brought into the Isle

of Man there shall, on and after the passing of this Act, be charged nR spintt* the duties following; (that is to say,)

8. d.

Bum, including shrub of the British possessions, the

gallon - -86

British and Irish spirits not otherwise exempted from the payment of duty, the gallon - - 8 6

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1888.

CHAPTER 8.

An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other Duties, and to amend the Laws relating to Customs and Inland Revenue.

[16th May 1888.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray Your Majesty's public expenses and making an addition to the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several duties herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1888.

PART I.

Customs.

2, The duties of Customs now chargeable upon tea shall con- import duties tinue to be levied and charged, on and after the first day of August on tea-one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine, on the importation thereof into Great Britain or Ireland (that is to say); —

Tea, the pound - Sixpence.

3. In addition to the duties of customs now payable on wine, Additional there shall, on and after the twenty-seventh day of March one imP°.rt d.uties thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight, where the wine is bottles.6 m imported in bottles, be charged and paid the duties following (that is to say): —

94

Alteration of duties upon carriages.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 14.

Ch. 8. Customs and Inland Revenue, 1888. 51 Vict.

Upon every dozen bottles of wine — £ 8. d.

If in imperial half-pint bottles or bottles of less

capacity - - -013

If in bottles of capacity exceeding imperial half-pint

bottles and not exceeding imperial pint bottles - 0 2 6

If in bottles of capacity exceeding imperial pint bottles and not exceeding imperial quart bottles - 0 5 0

If in bottles of capacity exceeding imperial quart bottles and not exceeding two imperial quarts - 0 10 0

If in bottles of capacity exceeding two imperial

quarts - - 1 0 0

PART II.

Excise.

4. — (1.) The duties of excise for carriages now payable in Great Britain shall cease to be payable on and after the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine, and on and after that day there shall be granted, charged, and paid in Great Britain the following duties of excise, that is to say: —

For every carriage as herein-after defined — £ s. d.

If such carriage shall have four or more wheels, and shall be drawn, or be adapted or fitted to be drawn, by two or more horses or mules, or shall be drawn or propelled by mechanical power - 2 2 0

If such carriage shall have four or more wheels, and shall be drawn or be adapted or fitted to be drawn by one horse or mule only - 1 1 0

If such carriage shall have less than four wheels - 0 15 0

For every hackney carriage as herein-after defined - 0 15 0

and such duties shall be paid annually upon licences to be taken

out under the provisions of the Act of the thirty-second and thirty-third years of Her Majesty's reign, chapter fourteen, as amended by any enactment; and in the construction of that Act as applicable to a licence for a carriage or hackney carriage under this Act, the term "carriage," as therein used, shall embrace a Cthackney carriage " as well as a " carriage " as herein defined.

(2.) Where a person commences to keep or use a carriage or a hackney carriage on or after the first day of October in any year, he shall, upon delivering a declaration in writing signed by him to that effect, be entitled to take out a licence for such carriage or hackney carriage upon payment of one-half of the amount of the duty which would otherwise be payable in respect thereof.

(3.) In the construction of this section, each of the following terms has the meaning hereby assigned to it:

" Carriage" means and includes any carriage (except a hackney carriage) drawn by a horse or mule, or horses or mules, or drawn or propelled upon a road or tramway, or elsewhere than upon a railway by steam or electricity or any other mechanical power, but shall not include a waggon, cart, or other such vehicle, which is constructed or adapted for use.

1888.

Ch. 8.

05

Customs and Inland Revenue, 1888.

and is used, solely for the conveyance of any goods or burden in the course of trade or husbandry, and whereon the Christian name and surname, and place of abode, or place of business of the person, or the name or style and principal or only place of business of the company or firm, keeping the same, shall be visibly and legibly painted in letters of not less than one inch in length.

" Hackney carriage means any carriage standing or plying for hire, and includes any carriage let for hire by a coachmaker or other person whose trade or business it is to sell carriages or to let carriages for hire, provided that such carriage is not let for a period amounting to three months or more.

5. — (1.) Whenever it shall appear to the satisfaction of the Power to Commissioners of the Treasury that any substance or liquor is, or Treasury to

is capable of being, used in the manufacture or preparation for sale ccruin^utT- of of any article subject to a duty of excise, and that such substance stances in or liquor is of a noxious or detrimental nature, or, being a chemical exciseable or artificial extract or product, may affect prejudicially the interests goods‘ of the revenue, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, by notice published in the London Gazette, to prohibit the use of such substance or liquor in the manufacture or preparation for sale of any article specified in the notice, and by like notice to withdraw such prohibition at any time.

(2.) If, after the publication of any such notice of prohibition in the London Gazette, any person shall use the substance or liquor thereby prohibited in the manufacture or preparation for sale of any article therein specified, he shall incur a fine of fifty pounds, and any such substance or liquor found in the possession bf any person licensed for the manufacture, or for the sale of the article, and also the article in the manufacture or preparation whereof any such substance or liquor may have been used, shall be forfeited.

6. Any officer of Inland Revenue may at any time take samples Payment for of any goods or commodities chargeable with any duty of excise or 8amPles* customs, provided that, if the samples are taken after duty has been charged and paid on the goods or commodities, he shall pay for the same, if demanded, at the current wholesale price of the goods or commodities.

7. If any person not being an officer of Inland Revenue takes Unlawful

or assumes the name, designation, or character of an officer of assumption of Inland Revenue for the purpose of thereby obtaining admission into of

any house or other place, or of doing or procuring to be done inland Rcye-any act which he would not be entitled to do or procure to be nue-done of his own authority, or for any other unlawful purpose, he shall be guilty of a misdemeanour, and shall in addition to any other punishment to which he may be liable for the offence, be liable, on summary conviction, to be imprisoned with or without hard labour, for any term not exceeding three months.

8. Where by this Act or any other Act or enactment passed Provisions to or to be passed in relation to the revenue of excise, any fine,

penalty, or forfeiture is or shall be imposed, all the powers and Se pe^ties1

Ch. 8. Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1888. 51 Vict;

provisions as respects penalties and forfeitures for the time being in force in any Act relating to such revenue shall apply to such fine, penalty, or forfeiture as fully and effectually as if the same had been specially enacted with reference thereto

9. — (1.) The duties of excise payable upon licences to be taken out by hawkers and the trading persons described in the ninth section of the Act of the twenty-fourth and twenty-fifth years of Her Majesty's reign, chapter twenty-one, shall be reduced to two pounds to be paid in one sum upon the grant of an annual licence.

(2.) Section one of the Act of the thirtieth and thirty-first years of Her Majesty's reign, chapter ninety, in relation to licences to deal in plate, 'shall be read and construed as if the expression "exercising " or carrying on the trade or business of a hawker, pedlar, or petty " chapman" were substituted therein for the expression "duly " licensed as a hawker, pedlar, or petty chapman."

PART III.

Stamps.

Construction 10. This part of this Act shall be construed as one with the

33^34 Vict Stamp Act, 1870, and any Act or enactment in force amending the c. u7. same.

Charee of duty H, A statement of the amount of nominal capital to be raised limited^abilit ^y shares of any company to be registered with limited liability shall companies. be delivered to the Registrar of Joint Stock Companies in England, Scotland, or Ireland, and a statement of the amount of any increase of registered capital of any company now registered or to be registered with limited liability shall be delivered to the said registrar, and every such statement shall be charged with an ad valorem stamp duty of two shillings for every one hundred pounds and any fraction of one hundred pounds over any multiple of one hundred pounds of the amount of such capital or increase of capital as the case may be.

Charge of 12. — (1.) There shall be charged upon —

duties on Foreign or Colonial Share Certificate or any other document

nr"‘r" ° whatever, being prima facie evidence of the title of any person

as proprietor of, or as having the beneficial interest in, any share or shares, or stock or debenture stock, or funded debt of any foreign or colonial company or corporation where such person is not registered in respect thereof in a register duly kept in the United Kingdom: —

On the occasion of the first delivery thereof in the United Kingdom on or after the first day of July in the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight, and on the occasion of the first delivery thereof in the United Kingdom in any year after the year in which such first delivery shall happen —

Where the nominal amount in money of the £ n. d. share or shares or stock or debenture stock or funded debt does not exceed twenty-five pounds - - -003

certificates and bonds, &c. transferable by delivery.

96

Duties upon

hawkers *

licences.

24 & 25 Vict.

c. 21.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 90.

1888.

97

Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1888. Ch.

Where such nominal amount exceeds £ s. d. twenty-five pounds and does not exceed fifty pounds - - 0 0 G

Where such nominal amount exceeds fifty pounds, for every fifty pounds and any fractional part of fifty pounds thereof - 0 0 6

Provided that where the holder of any Foreign or Colonial Share Certificate bearing the stamp for any year in conformity with this section shall, in the course of such year, cause himself to be registered in the register of the foreign or colonial company or corporation, and shall obtain a new certificate consequent upon such registration, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland He venue to stamp such new certificate for the same year without payment of duty, subject to such regulations as they may prescribe.

(2.) There shall be charged upon —

Security for money of any company or corporation (being a marketable security and transferable by delivery), or security for money by or on behalf of any foreign or colonial State, Government, municipal body, corporation, or company (being a marketable security and transferable by delivery), whatever may be the date thereof, or of the issue thereof, and wherever it may have been made or issued, or the interes may be payable: —

On the occasion of the first transfer thereof by delivery in the United Kingdom on or after the first day of July in the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight, and on the occasion of the first transfer thereof by delivery in the United Kingdom in any year after the year in which such first transfer by delivery shall happen —

Where the amount secured does not ex- £ s. d.

ceed twenty-five pounds - - 0 0 3

Where such amount exceeds twenty-five pounds and does not exceed fifty pounds - - 0 0 G

Where such amount exceeds fifty pounds, for every fifty pounds and any fractional part of fifty pounds thereof - - 0 0 6

Provided that duty under this section upon a security shall not lie payable in the case of any security, duly stamped with the duty of one shilling for every ten pounds, and also for any fractional part of ten pounds of the money thereby secured in conformity with the Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1885, but shall be 48 & 49 Vict, payable upon every other security, transferable by delivery, and in c* 51 the case of any stamp duty having been heretofore paid upon any such security, in addition to such stamp duty.

(3.) The duties under this section are to be denoted by adhesive stamps appropriated by words and figures on the face thereof to such duties and to each year.

98

Duties on transfers of marketable bonds, &c. not transferable by delivery.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 97.

As to stamp duty on mortgages of stock, &c.

As to stamp duty on equitable mortgages.

G& 8. Customs a/nd Inlaud Revenue Act, 1888. 51 Vict.

(4.) Every person who delivers or transfers, or is concerned as broker or agent in delivering or transferring, any instrument chargeable with duty under this section, and not being duly stamped, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

13. — (1.) There shall be charged upon a transfer, assignment, disposition, or assignation, otherwise than on mortgage, of any mortgage, bond, debenture or covenant (being a marketable security), or of any security for money by or on behalf of any foreign or colonial State, Government, municipal body, corporation or company (being a marketable security), the following duties; (that is to say),

Where the transfer, assignment, disposition, or assignation is on sale, the same ad valorem duties as are now charged under the Stamp Act, 1870, upon a conveyance or transfer on sale of any property by relation to the amount or value of the consideration for the sale.

Where the transfer, assignment, disposition, or assignation is of any other kind than on sale or mortgage, ten shillings.

(2.) The duties under this section shall be in substitution for the duty of sixpence for every one hundred pounds, and also for any fractional part of one hundred pounds, of the amount transferred, assigned, or disponed in any case in which such duty is imposed by the Stamp Act, 1870.

14. — (1.) The stamp duty now payable upon a mortgage of any stock or marketable security is hereby repealed.

(2.) Every instrument under hand only (not being a promissory note or bill of exchange) given upon the occasion of the deposit of any share warrant or stock certificate to bearer, or foreign or colonial share certificate, or any security for money transferable by delivery, by way of security for any loan, shall be deemed to be an agreement, and shall be charged with the duty of sixpence accordingly.

(3.) Every instrument under hand only (not being a promissory note or bill of exchange) making redeemable or qualifying a duly stamped transfer, intended as a security, of any registered stock or marketable security, shall be deemed to be an agreement, and shall be charged with the duty of sixpence accordingly.

(4.) A release or discharge of any such instrument shall not be chargeable with any ad valorem duty.

(5.) Any deed operating as a mortgage of any stock or marketable security shall be chargeable, in respect of such operation, with the ad valorem duty chargeable upon a mortgage under the Stamp Act, 1870.

15. — (1.) The ad valorem duty chargeable upon a mortgage under the Stamp Act, 1870, shall cease to be payable upon an equitable mortgage effected by an agreement or memorandum under hand only relating to the deposit of any title deeds or instruments constituting or being evidence of the title to any property whatever (other than stock or marketable security), or creating a charge on such property, and in liea of such duty every such

1888.

Ch. 8.

99

Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1888.

agreement or memorandum shall be charged with the duty of one shilling for every one; hundred pounds, and any fractional part of one hundred pounds, of the amount secured by the equitable mortgage.

(2.) Where the total amount which may be at any time secured by any equitable mortgage is unascertained or unlimited in the first instance, and the ad valorem stamp duty impressed on the agreement or memorandum in conformity with this section is available under section one hundred and seven of the Stamp Act, 33 & 34 Vict. 1870, for such an amount only as such duty extends to cover, such c*97* agreement or memorandum shall for the purpose of stamp duty be deemed to be a new and separate agreement or memorandum, bearing date on the day on which any advance or loan is made in excess of the amount covered by the duty impressed thereon.

16. — (1.) In lieu of the stamp duty of one penny now payable Duty on con-on a contract note, where such note advises the sale or purchase oftract notes* any stock or marketable security of the value of one hundred

pounds or upwards, there shall be charged the duty of sixpence.

(2.) The duty under this section is to be denoted by an adhesive stamp, or adhesive stamps, appropriated to a contract note, and such stamp or stamps is, or are, to be cancelled by the person by whom the note is executed.

(3.) The amount of duty upon a contract note stamped in conformity with this section may be added to the charge for brokerage or agency.

17. — (I.) The term "contract note" means the note sent by a Provisions as broker or agent to his principal (except where such principal is to contract acting as broker or agent for a principal) advising him of the sale

or purchase of any stock or marketable security, and any person who effects any such sale or purchase as a broker or agent shall forthwith make and execute a contract note and transmit the same to his principal, and in default of so doing shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

(2.) Where a note advises the sale or purchase of more than one description of stock or marketable security, the note shall be deemed to be as many contract notes as there are descriptions of stock or security sold or purchased.

18. — (1.) The following provisions shall have effect in relation Provisions at to instruments executed after the passing of this Act which are 1 chargeable with ad valorem duty as specified in the First Schedule

hereto.

(a.) The instrument, unless it is written upon duly stamped material, shall be duly stamped with the proper ad valorem duty before the expiration of thirty days after it is first executed, or after it has been first received in the United Kingdom in case it is first executed at any place out of the United Kingdom, unless the opinion of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, with respect to the amount of duty with which the instrument is chargeable, has, before such expiration, been required under the provisions of section eighteen of the Stamp Act, 1870.

100

Ch. 8.

S3 & 34 Vict. c. 97.

Provision as to stamp duty on assignments of policies of life assurance.

Conditions and agreements as to stamp duty void.

Charge of additional succession doty.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 51.

Custom* and Inland Revenue Act, 1888. 51 Vict.

(h.) In case the opinion of the said Commissioners with respect to any such instrument has been required, the instrument shall be stamped in accordance with the assessment of the Commissioners within fourteen days after the date of notice of such assessment.

(c.) If any such instrument is not duly stamped in conformity with the foregoing provisions, the person on that behalf specified in the first schedule hereto shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds, and in addition to the penalty payable by law on stamping the instrument there shall be paid an additional penalty equivalent to the stamp duty thereon, unless a reasonable excuse for the delay in stamping, or for the omission to stamp, or the insufficiency of stamp, be afforded to the satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or of the court, judge, arbitrator, or referee before whom it is produced.

(2.) Sub-section two of section fifteen of the Stamp Act, 1870, shall be read as if the words "thirty days " were substituted in provision (a.) for the words "two months, " and the word "three " were substituted in provision (6.) for the word "twelve."

19. — (1.) No assignment of a policy of life assurance shall confer on the assignee therein named, his executors, administrators, or assigns, any right to sue for the moneys assured or secured thereby, or to give a valid discharge for the same, or any part thereof, unless such assignment is duly stamped, and no payment shall be made to any person claiming under any such assignment unless the same is duly stamped.

(2.) If any payment shall be made in contravention of this section, the stamp duty not paid upon the assignment, together with the penalty payable on stamping the same, shall be a debt due to Her Majesty from the company or person by whom such payment is made, and shall be recoverable a3 such accordingly.

20. Every condition of sale framed with the view of precluding objection or requisition upon the ground of absence or insufficiency of stamp upon any instrument executed after the passing of this Act, and every contract, arrangement, or undertaking for assuming the liability on account of absence or insufficiency of stamp upon any such instrument or indemnifying against such liability, absence, or insufficiency, shall be void.

PART IV.

Succession Duty.

21. — (1.) In addition to the duties chargeable in respect of successions under section ten of the Succession Duty Act, 1853, there shall be levied and paid to Her Majesty in respect of every succession therein referred to, upon the death of any person dying on or after the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight, according to the value thereof, the following duties (that is to say):—

Where the successor shall be the lineal issue or lineal ancestor of the predecessor, a duty at the rate of ten shillings per centum upon the value of the interest of the successor;

1888.

Ch. 8.

101

Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1888.

In all other cases mentioned in such section, a duty at the rate of one pound ten shillings per centum upon the value of the interest of the successor.

Provided that additional duty under this Act shall not be ])ayable upon the interest of a successor in leaseholds passing to him by will or devolution by law, or in property included in an account according to the value whereof duty is payable under the Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1881.

(2.) The duties chargeable under the Acts now in force for charging duties on legacies and shares of the personal estates of deceased persons shall not be levied and paid under such Acts in respect of any legacy payable or having effect or being satisfied out of or charged or rendered a burden upon the real or heritable estate of any person dying on or after the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight, or any real or heritable estate, or the rents or profits thereof, which such person shall have had any right or power to charge, burden, or affect with the payment of money, or out of or upon any moneys to arise from the sale, mortgage, or other disposition of any such real or heritable estate, or any part thereof, but the duties under the Succession Duty Act, 1853, and the additional duties under this Act shall be levied and paid in respect of every such legacy (whether given by way of annuity or in any other form) as a succession to personal property.

22. — (1.) The duty chargeable on the interest of a successor in real property, considered as an annuity in conformity with section twenty-one of the Succession Duty Act, 1853, shall, where the successor has become entitled to his succession upon the death of any person dying on or after the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight, be paid as follows, —

(a) by eight equal half-yearly instalments, according to the provisions of the said section; or, at the option of the successor,

(b) by two equal moieties, whereof the first moiety shall be paid by four equal yearly instalments, the first of such instalments to be paid at the expiration of twelve months next after the successor shall have become entitled to the beneficial enjoyment of the real property in respect whereof the same shall be payable, and the three following instalments at yearly intervals to be computed from the day on which the first instalment shall have become payable: and the second moiety shall be paid on the day for payment of the last instalment of the first moiety, or, if not so paid, shall be payable by four equal yearly instalments, with interest at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum from such last-mentioned day on so much of the second moiety as shall for the time being remain unpaid, the first of such instalments, with the interest, to be paid at the expiration of twelve months from that day.

(2.) In the event of a successor availing himself of the option given to him by this section, he shall be entitled to tender the duty in advance, and receive discount thereon at such rate and subject to

44 & 45 Vict c. 12.

Duty ou succession to real property chargeable as annuity, how to be paid.

102

Grant of duties of income tax.

Application of provisions of Income Tax Acts as amended.

Ch. 8. Customs and Inlo/ndRevenue 1888. 51 Vict.

such regulations in all respects as the Commissioners of the Treasury may prescribe.

(3.) In the event of the successor availing himself of the option given to him by this section, and dying before all the duty with the interest (if any) shall have been fully paid, then the unpaid part of the duty with the interest (if any) shall, —

(a) where the successor shall have been competent to, dispose by will of a continuing interest in such property, bo a continuing charge on such interest, in exoneration of his other property, and shall be payable by the owner for the time being of such interest; and

(b) where the successor shall not have been so competent, be a debt due to Her Majesty, and payable out of his estate, either in advance under the provision in this section in that behalf, or at the same time or times and in the same manner as the amount unpaid would have been payable by him if he had not died; provided that if the death of the successor shall have happened before the day for payment of the last instalment of the first moiety of duty, the debt shall be reduced by so much as would have ceased to be payable if the duty liad been payable by eight half-yearly instalments under section twenty-one of the Succession Duty Act, 1853.

(4.) A successor entitled to his succession upon the death of a person dying before the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight shall have the option given by this section if no instalment of duty has become due from him, or if only one such instalment has become due from him, and has been paid before the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight.

PART V.

Income Tax.

23. There shall be charged, collected, and paid for the year which commenced on the sixth day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight, in respect of all property, profits, and gains mentioned or described as chargeable in the Act of the sixteenth and seventeenth years of Her Majesty's reign, chapter thirty-four, the following duties of income tax (that is to say):—

For every twenty shillings of the annual value or amount of property, profits, and gains chargeable under Schedules (A.), (C.), (D.), or (E.) of the said Act, the duty of sixpence.

And for every twenty shillings of the annual value of the occupation of lands, tenements, hereditaments, and heritages chargeable under Schedule (B.) of the said Act —

In England, the duty of threepence.

In Scotland and Ireland respectively, the duty of twopence farthing.

24. — (1.) All such provisions contained in any Act relating to income tax as were in force on the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight (except section twenty of the Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1887), shall, as herein-after

1888. Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1888. Ch. 8. 103

amended, have full force and effect with respect to the duties of so & 51 Vict 51 Vict, income tax granted by this Act. c. 15.

(2.) Section twenty-six of the Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 48 & 49 Vict. 1885, shall be read and construed as if the word "coupons " in sub- c-51* section (6) of that section, and the expression "coupons for any dividends " in subsection (c) of that section, included " warrants " for or bills of exchange purporting to be drawn or made in " payment of any dividends."

(3.) Upon payment of any interest of money or annuities charged with income tax under Schedule D., and not payable, or not wholly payable, out of profits or gains brought into charge to such tax, the person by or through whom such interest or annuities shall be paid shall deduct thereout the rate of income tax in force at the time of such payment, and shall forthwith render an account to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue of the amount so deducted, or of the amount deducted out of so much of the interest or annuities as is not paid out of profits or gains brought into charge, fis the case may be; and such amount shall be a debt from such person to Her Majesty, and recoverable as such accordingly; and the provision contained in section eight of the Act of the thirteenth 13 & u Vict. and fourteenth years of Her Majesty's reign, chapter ninety-seven, c-now in force in relation to money in the hands of any person for legacy duty, shall apply to money deducted by any person in respect of income tax.

25. In order to ensure the collection in due time of any duties Provisions of of income tax which may be granted for the year commencing on Income Tax the sixth day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine, ^duti^to be all such provisions contained in any Act relating to the duties of granted for income tax as are in force on the fifth day of April, one thousand succeeding eight hundred and eighty-nine, shall have full force and effect with year* respect to the duties of income tax which may be so granted in the same manner as if the said duties had been actually granted and the said provisions had been applied thereto by an Act of Parliament passed on that day: Provided that nothing in this section shall be deemed to render necessary or authorise the appointment of assessors for such of the said duties as may be granted and payable under Schedules (A.) and (B.) of the said Act of the sixteenth and seventeenth years of Her Majesty's reign, chapter thirty-four.

Repeal of Enactments.

26. The enactments described in the Second Schedule to this Act Repeal of shall be and are hereby repealed to the extent in the said schedule n^"ents in mentioned as from the passing of this Act, and the enactments 8C e u 68' described in the Third Schedule to this Act shall be and are hereby repealed to the extent in the said schedule mentioned, as from the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight: Provided that this repeal shall not affect the past operation of any enactment hereby repealed, or the liability for or recovery of any duties heretofore charged, or interfere with the

104

Ch. 8.

51 VICT.

Customs Inland Revenue, 1888.

institution or prosecution of any proceeding in respect of any offence committed or any penalty or forfeiture incurred against or under any enactment hereby repealed.

SCHEDULES.

Section 18.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

BOND, COVENANT, or INSTRUMENT of any kind whatsoever.

(1.) Being the only or principal or primary security for any annuity, other than a superannuation annuity as hereinafter mentioned, (except upon the original creation thereof by way of sale or security), or of any sum or sums of money at stated periods, not being interest for any principal sum secured by a duly stamped instrument, nor rent reserved by a lease or tack.

For a definite and certain period, so that the total amount to be ultimately payable can be ascertained

For the term of life or any other indefinite period.

For every hi., and also for any fractional part of hi., of the annuity or sum periodically payable

(2.) Being a collateral or auxiliary or additional or substituted security for any of the above-mentioned purposes where the principal or primary instrument is duly stamped.

Where the total amount to be ultimately payable can be ascertained ......

fTtae same ad valorem duty as a bond or covenant for such total amount.

0

d.

6

fThe same ad valorem duty as a bond or covenant of the same kind for such total amount.

The person' specified as liable to penalty.

The obligee, covenantoc, or other

erson

taking the security.

In the case of a superannuation annuity, as defined by section eight of the Revenue Friendly Societies and National Debt Act, 1882, and in any other case:

For every hi., and also for any fractional part of 52., of the annuity or sum periodically payable - - 0 0 fi

CONVEYANCE or TRANSFER on sale.

Of any property (except stock of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England).

Where the amount or value of tho consideration for the

Bale does not exceed bl. 0 0 6

Exceeds 52., and does not exceed 102. 0 1 0

9 102. 152. 0 1 6

9 $ 152. 202. 0 2 0

if 202. 252. 0 2 6

252. 502. 0 5 0

502. 752. 0 7 6

%9 752. 1002. 0 10 0

i i 1002. 1252. 0 12 6

J 1 125/. 150/. 0 15 0

1502. 1752. 0 17 6

* 9 1752. 2002. 1 0 0

2002. 2252. 1 2 6

2252. 2502. 1 5 0

2502. 2752. 1 7 6

" 2752. 3002. 3002. 1 10 0

For every 50Z., and also for any fractional part of 50/., of

such amount or value • -050

The vendee or transferee.

1888.

Ch. 8.

105

Customs and Inland, 1888.

LEA8E or TACK —

(1.) For any definite term less than a year:

Of any lauds, tenements, or heritable subjects (except any dwelling-house or tenement, or part of a dwelling-house or tenement, at a rent not exceeding the rate of 101. per annum, or any furnished dwelling-house or apartments) -

(2.) For any other definite term or for any indefinite term: Of any lands, tenements, or heritable subjects —

Where the consideration, or any part of the consideration, moving either to the lessor or to any other person, consists of any money, stock, or security:

The same duty a* a lease for a year > at the rent re-nerved for the definite term.

/The Name duty as a

In respect of Buoh consideration - j ^loYTthesamc

(. consideration.

Where the consideration or any part of the consideration is any rent:

In respect of such consideration:

If the rent, whether reserved as a yearly rent or otherwise, is at a rate or average rate:

Not exceeding 5/. per annum Exceeding —

51. and not exceeding 101.

101. 99 9> 151.

151. I) 9» 201.

201. 9f 99 251.

251. 99 501.

501. 1 9 99 751.

751. 1001. 99 99 1001.

For evej-y full sum of 501., and also for any fractional part of 501. thereof

If the term is definite, and does I not exceed 35 years, or is indefinite. If the term being definite exceeds 85 years, but does not exceed 100 years. If the term being definite exceeds 100 years.

£ s. d. £ 8. £ s. d.

0 0 6 0 3 0 1 0 6 0

0 10 0 6 0 0 12 0

0 16 0 9 0 0 18 0

0 2 0 0 12 0 14 0

0 2 6 0 15 0 1 10 0

0 5 0 1 10 0 3 0 0

0 7 6 2 5 0 4 10 0

0 10 0 3 0 0 6 0 0

0 5 0 1 1 10 0 3 0 0

Note. — An agreement for a lease or tack, or with respect to the letting of any lands, tenements, or heritable subjects for any term not exceeding 35 years, is chargeable as a lease or tack. See Section 96 of the Stamp Act. 1870.

Person specified as liable to penalty (see section 18).

The lessee.

106 Ch. 8. Customs and Inland Revenue, 1888.

MORTGAGE, BOND, DEBENTURE, COVENANT, AND s. d.

WARRANT OF ATTORNEY to confess and enter np judgment.

(1.) Being the only or principal or primary security for —

The payment or repayment of money not exceeding

10Z. - - - 0 0 3

Exceeding 10Z. and not exceeding 25Z. 0 0 8

, 25Z. t 50Z. 0 1 3

, 50 Z. 99 100Z. 0 2 6

, 100Z. 9 9 150Z. 0 3 9

, 150Z. 99 200Z. 0 5 0

, 200Z. 9 9 250Z. 0 6 3

, 250Z. 99 300Z. 0 7 6

, 300Z.

For every 100Z., and also for any fractional part of

100Z., of such amount - 0 2 6

(2.) Being a collateral, or auxiliary, or additional, or substituted security, or by way of further assurance for the above-mentioned purpose where the principal or primary security is duly stamped:

For every 100Z., and also for any fractional part of 100Z., of the amount secured - 0 0 6 >

(3.) Transfer, Assignment, Disposition, or Assignation of any mortgage, bond, debenture or covenant (not being a marketable security), or of any money or stock secured by any such instrument, or by any warrant of attorney to enter np judgment, or by any judgment:

For every 100Z., and also for any fractional part of 100Z., of the amount transferred, assigned, or disponed - - 006

fThe same duty

And also where any further money is added to the I 88 a principal money already secured -j K forth

L money.

(4.) Reconveyance, Release, Discharge, Surrender, Resurrender, Warrant to Vacate, or Renunciation of any (such security as aforesaid, or of the benefit thereof, or of the money thereby secured:

For every 100Z., and alBo for any fractional part of 100Z., of the total amount or value of the money at any time secured -

EQUITABLE MORTGAGE. — Agreement or memorandum under hand only relating to the deposit of any title deeds or instruments, constituting or being evidence of the title to any property whatever (other than stock or marketable security), or creating a charge on such property —

For every 100Z., and any fractional part of 100Z., of the amount secured ......

SETTLEMENT. Any instrument, whether voluntary or upon any good or valuable consideration, other than a bona fide pecuniary consideration, whereby any definite and certain principal sum of money (whether charged or chargeable on lands or other hereditaments or heritable subjects, or not, or to be laid out in the purchase of lands or other hereditaments or heritable subjects or not), or any definite and certain amount of stock, or any security, is settled or agreed to be settled in any manner whatsoever:

For every 100Z., and also for any fractional part of 100Z., of the amount or value of the property settled or agreed to be settled .......

0 0 6

0 1

0 5 0

51 VICT.

Person specified as liable to penalty (see section 18).

The mortgagee or obligee.

The transferee, assignee, or disponoe.

The transferee or other person redeeming the security.

The mortgagee.

The settlor.

1888. Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1888. Ch. 8, 0.

SECOND SCHEDULE. Enactments Repealed.

Session and Chapter. Title. j l Extent of Repeal.

34 & 35 Vict 35 Vict. c. 4 An Act to amend the Stamp Act, 1870, in relation to foreign securities, mortgages of stock, and proxy papers. In part; namely. Section five.

U & 42 Vict. c. 15 The Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1878. In part; namely. Section twenty-six.

k) & 47 Vict. c. 55 The Revenue Act, 1883 - In part; namely, Section fourteen.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed from the 31st day of December 1888.

Session and Chapter. Title. Extent of Repeal.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 14 An Act to grant certain duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, and to repeal and alter other duties of Customs and Inland Revenue. In part; namely. Section eighteen, so far as it relates to the duties upon licences for carriages, and provision numbered (6) of section nineteen.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 10 The Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1883. In part; namely. Section seven.

47 & 48 Vict. c. 25 The Customs and Inland Rovenue Act, 1884. In part; namely, Sections three and four.

CHAPTER 9.

An Act to amend the Hoads and Bridges (Scotland) Act, 1878.

[16th May 1888.]

WHEREAS it is expedient the Roads and Bridges

that Burgh Local Authorities, under (Scotland) Act, 1878, should be empowered to borrow to meet sums expended in widening, or otherwise permanently altering or permanently improving, roads, bridges, or streets within their districts:

107

Section 23.

Section 23.

108

[Short title.]

Extension of 41 & 42 Vict 42 Vict. c. 51. s. 58.

Short title and construction. 48 & 49 Vict. c. 15.

Extension of burgess franchise to county electors outside municipal boroughs.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 50.

Ch. 9, 10. Roads and Bridges (SAct, 1878, 51 VICT.

Amendment , 1888.

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act shall be cited for all purposes as the Roads and Bridges (Scotland) Act, 1878, Amendment Act, 1888.

2. The provisions of section fifty-eight of the Act forty-one and forty-two Victoria, chapter fifty-one, in so far as the same confer powers on the burgh local authority in regard to the construction of new streets, roads, or bridges, are hereby extended so as to apply to the widening, or otherwise permanently altering or permanently improving, streets, roads, or bridges within the burgh.

CHAPTER 10.

An Act to provide for the Qualification and Registration of Electors for the purposes of Local Government in England and Wales.

[16th May 1888.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make provision with respect to the qualification and registration of electors of any representative bodies (in this Act referred to as "county authorities") which may be established under any Act of the present session of Parliament for the purposes of local government in counties in England:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the County Electors Act, 1888.

The Registration Act, 1885, and the Parliamentary Registration Acts within the meaning of that Act, are in this Act referred to as the Registration of Electors Acts, and together with this Act may be cited as the Registration of Electors Acts, 1843 to 1888.

This Act shall be construed as one with the Registration of Electors Acts.

2. — (1.) For the purpose of the election of county authorities in England, the burgess qualification, that is to say, the qualification enacted by section nine of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, shall extend to every part of a county not within the limits of a borough, and a person possessing in any part of a county outside the limits of a borough such burgess qualification, shall be entitled to be registered under this Act as a county elector in the parish in which the qualifying property is situate.

(2.) Sections nine, thirty-one, thirty-three, and sixty-three of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, and any enactments of that or any other Act affecting the same, shall extend to so much of every county ns is not comprised within the limits of a municipal borough in like manner as if they were herein re-

1888.

109

County Electora Act, 1888. Ch.'IO.

enacted, with the substitution of " county " for " borough " and of " county elector " for " burgess, " and with the other necessary modifications.

3. Every person who is entitled to be registered as a voter in respect of a ten pounds occupation qualification within the meaning of the provisions of the Registration Act, 1885, which are set out in the schedule to this Act, shall be entitled to be registered as a county elector, and to be enrolled as a burgess, in respect of such qualification, in like manner in all respects^ if the sections of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, relating to a burgess qualification included the said ten pounds occupation qualification.

4. — (1.) The Registration of Electors Acts shall, so far as circumstances admit, apply to the enrolment of burgesses in a municipal borough to which the Parliamentary and Municipal Registration Act, 1878, does not apply, and to the registration of county electors within the meaning of this Act; and the lists of burgesses, and of county electors, and of occupation voters for parliamentary elections, shall, so far as practicable, be made out and revised together; and the Registration of Electors Acts shall accordingly —

(a) apply to every such municipal borough in like manner as if it were a borough to which sub-section two of section six of the Registration Act, 1885, applied (sub-section one of which section is hereby repealed), and revising assessors for such borough shall not be elected; and

(b) apply to every parish not situate in a municipal borough, in like manner a3 if such parish were a municipal borough to which the Parliamentary and Municipal Registration Act, 1878, applies, and the said lists of county electors and of occupation voters for parliamentary elections in such parish shall be made out in divisions, as provided in the said Act: Provided that a person whose name appears in any list of county electors or burgesses in a county may object to the name of any other person on a list of county electors or burgesses for a parish in that county, and may oppose the claim of a person to have his name inscribed in any such list (2.) In the construction of the Registration of Electors Acts for the purpose of their application to a parish not situate in a municipal borough, there shall be made the variations following, and such other variations as may be necessary for carrying into effect the application, that is to say: —

(a.) Where such parish is not within a parliamentary borough, " parliamentary county " shall be substituted for " parliamentary borough; "

(b.) Where such parish is not within a parliamentary borough, the clerk of the peace shall perform the duties of and be substituted for the town clerk; but any notice required to be given to the town clerk by section twenty-seven of the Parliamentary and Municipal Registration Act, 1878, relating to the withdrawal and revival of objections, shall be given to the overseers and not to the clerk of the peace;

Occupation of land of the value of 10/. to qualify.

Registration of county electors.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 26.

110

Ch. 10.

51 Vict.

County Electors Act, 1888.

(c.) County elector shall be substituted for burgess;

(d.) Section nine of the Parliamentary and Municipal Registration Act, 1878, shall not apply to any parish which is not wholly situate in an urban district;

(e.) Where such parish is not within a parliamentary borough section twenty-one of the Parliamentary and Municipal Registration Act, 1878, shall not apply, and the lists and register of voters shall bC made out alphabetically, but shall be framed in parts for polling districts and electoral divisions and for urban districts and for wards of utban and rural districts in such a manner that the parts may be conveniently compiled or put together to serve as lists for polling districts, and elections in urban districts and as electoral division or ward lists; (/.) Where such parish is within a parliamentary borough —

(i) the overseers shall send to the clerk of the peace for the county two copies of the lists of voters at the same time at which they send copies to the town clerk; and

(ii) the town clerk shall cause to be printed such number of copies of the revised lists as the clerk of the peace may require, and shall transmit the same to the clerk of the peace, who shall deal with the same as with other lists of county electors in his county; but,

(Hi) save as aforesaid, the clerk of the peace shall not act in relation to the registration of county electors in the said parish, and the town clerk of the parliamentary borough shall be the town clerk within the meaning of the Registration of Electors Acts and this Act in relation to such parish, and shall include in his precept to the overseers proper directions respecting the registration of the county electors within the meaning of this Act.

(g.) The lists of occupation voters and county electors shall be revised by the revising barrister for the parliamentary borough or county in which such parish is situate, and the revising barrister for revising the county electors lists for the whole or any part of an electoral division of any comity shall, if so required by the county council, hold a court in that electoral division or at some convenient place in a division adjoining thereto.

(h.) The guardians of a union which is not wholly comprised in an urban district may, with the consent of the overseers of any parish or parishes within their union for which an assistant overseer has not been appointed, annually appoint a fit person to act as registration officer for such parish or parishes, and may remove any such person, and fill up any vacancy caused by death, resignation, or otherwise. Such registration officer shall perform all the duties of overseers of the parish or parishes for which he is appointed in respect of the registration of county electors and parliamentary voters, and the provisions of the Registration of Electors Acts relating to overseers, including those providing for penalties, shall apply to him accordingly:

1888.

Ch. 10.

Ill

County Electors Act, 1888.

Provided that his remuneration shall be fixed and paid by the guardians of the union, and charged on the poor rates of the parish or parishes for which he is appointed, and (if he acts for more thhn one parish) in proportion to the number of persons on the registers made during the year of his appointment of county electors and parliamentary voters for each parish.

(3.) Notwithstanding anything ifc this Act contained, where a municipal borough or an urban district is coextensive with any electoral division or divisions of a parliamentary county, the lists of voters may be directed by the county authority to be made out according to the order in which the qualifying premises appear in the rate book, and section twenty-one of the Parliamentary and Municipal Registration Act, 1878, shall apply to such borough or urban district, and where lists of voters are so made out nothing in this Act shall require such part of the county register as consists of these lists to be arranged alphabetically.

5. After the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight. Making out in every part of the metropolis, and in every part of a parliamentary register^in borough, the whole or greater part of which is situate in the metropolis, metropolis, the lists and registers of parliamentary voters, and of county electors, shall, unless the local authority otherwise direct,

be arranged in the same order in which the qualifying premises appear in the rate book for the parish in which those premises are situate, or as nearly thereto as will cause those lists and registers to record the qualifying premises in successive order in the street or other place in which they are situate.

For the purpose of this section " metropolis" means the city of London and the parishes and places mentioned in Schedules (A),

(B), and (C) of the Metropolis Management Act, 1855. ^8^019 Vict"

6. — (1.) The lists of parliamentary voters, and of burgesses, and Revision of of county electors, shall be revised between the eighth day of electoral lists. September and the twelfth day of October both inclusive, and shall be revised as soon as possible after the seventh day of September, and the eighth day of September shall be substituted in the Acts relating to the registration of parliamentary voters for the fifteenth day of September; and the declarations under section ten of the County Voters Registration Act, 1865, and section twenty-four of 28 & 29 Vict, the Parliamentary and Municipal Registration Act, 1878, shall be c*36-sent to the clerk of the peace or town clerk on or before the fifth 412^42 Vict‘ day of September.

(2.) In sections sixty-two and sixty-three of the Parliamentary 6 & 7 Vict. Voters Registration Act, 1843 (relating to appeals from revising c-18-barristers in England), " the Michaelmas sittings of the High Court of Justice " shall be substituted for " the Michaelmas term, and forthwith after the fourth day of the Michaelmas sittings a court or courts shall sit for the purpose of hearing such appeals, and those appeals shall be heard and determined continuously and without demy, and any statement by the barrister for the purpose of any such appeal made in pursuance of section forty-two of the said Act may be made at any time within ten days after the conclusion

112

Ch. 10.

Roll of county electors.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 50.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 15.

County Electors Act, 1888. 51 Vict.

of the revision, so that it be made not less than four days before the first day of the said Michaelmas sittings, and the statement need not be read in open court, but shall be submitted to the appellant, who, if he approves the same, shall sign the same as directed by the said section, and return the same to the barrister.

7. — (1.) The clerk of the peace of every county shall make up a register of all persons registered as burgesses or county electors in the county, both for the county and for each electoral division into which the county is divided for the purpose of election of the county authority, and such number of copies as the clerk of the peace may require of the list of burgesses as revised shall be delivered by the town clerk to such clerk of the peace for the purpose of making up such register.

(2.) The Registration of Electors Acts, and sections forty-five, forty-eight, and seventy-one of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, shall apply, for the purposes of this section, with the substitution of clerk of the peace for town clerk, and of county register and division register for burgess roll and ward roll respectively, and of electoral division for ward, and of county fund for borough fund.

(3.) If district councils are established under any Act of the present session of Parliament, the clerk of every such council, not being the council of a borough, shall make up a register of all persons registered as county electors in his district, and where there are wards in a district, of all county electors in each ward, and he shall obtain from the clerk of the peace a sufficiept number of copies of the lists of the county electors so registered as may be required for the purpose of making up such register and supplying the same to the public, and the above-mentioned Acts and sections shall apply for that purpose, with the substitution of " clerk of the district council " for " town clerk, " and of " district register " for " burgess roll " respectively;

(4.) Provided that nothing in this section shall prevent a county elector from being registered in more than one division register.

(5.) Where in pursuance of section four of the Registration Act, 1885, the revising barrister has power to erase the name of any person as a parliamentary voter from division one of the occupiers list, such barrister, in lieu of erasing the name, shall place an asterisk or other mark against the name, and, in printing such lists, the name shall be numbered consecutively with the other names, but an asterisk or other mark shall be printed against the name, and a person against whose name such asterisk or other mark is placed shall not be entitled to vote in respect of such entry at a parliamentary election, but shall have the same right of voting at an election of a county authority as he would have if no such mark were placed against his name.

(6.) If under any Act of the present session of Parliament establishing a council for a county any portion of another county is added to that county for the purpose of such election, such portion of the county register as relates to the electors having qualifying property in the said part so added shall be deemed to be part of the

1888.

113

County Electors Act, 1888. Ch. JO.

county register of the county for which such council is elected, and the clerk of the peace and other officers shall take such steps as may be necessary for giving effect to these enactments.

8. — (1.) All expenses properly incurred and all sums received in Expenses, carrying into effect the provisions of this Act and the Registration of Electors Acts with respect to county electors, —

(a) if incurred or received by overseers, shall be respectively paid and applied as expenses and receipts of overseers under the Registration of Electors Acts in the case of the lists of parliamentary voters; and

(b) if incurred or received by the clerk of the peace or town clerk, shall be paid out of or into the county or borough fund; and such expenses shall include all proper and reasonable fees and charges made ami charged by him for the trouble, care, and attention of such clerk in the performance of the services and duties imposed on him by the said provisions.

9. Every barrister appointed to revise any list of voters under Remuneration the Parliamentary Voters Registration Act, 1843, shall be paid blrristera^nd the sum of two hundred and fifty guineas by way of remuneration co^batton* to him, and in satisfaction of his travelling and other expenses, by county and every such barrister, after the termination of his last sitting, authorities-shall forward his appointment to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, who shall make an order for the payment of

the above sum to every such barrister.

The maximum amount to be paid to an additional barrister in pursuance of the Revising Banisters Act, 1886, shall not exceed 49 & 50 Vict, the amount authorised by this section to be paid to a revising c*42-barrister.

The sums so paid to a revising barrister or an assistant barrister shall be payable partly out of moneys provided by Parliament and partly by the county authorities, as herein-after mentioned.

(1.) There shall be annually paid by the county authority of every county out of the county fund into Her Majesty's Exchequer such sum as the Treasury certify to be one-half of the cost incurred for the payment of revising barristers at the then last revision of the lists of parliamentary electors, burgesses, and county electors in that county.

(2.) The Treasury shall yearly ascertain the total cost of the revising barristers appointed for all the counties and boroughs on any circuit, and shall divide one-half of such cost among the counties comprised in such circuit in proportion to the number of burgesses and county electors in each county, and certify the amount which under such apportionment is due under this section from each county. The Treasury may vary such certificate if they think fit, but unless it is so varied the certificate shall be final.

(3.) So much of any Act as requires a payment out of the borough fund of any borough to a revising barrister, in respect of the revision of the burgess lists, shall be repealed, without prejudice to any payment or liability previously made or incurred.

[thx law rbpobtb.] H

114

Perpetuation of 49 & 50 Vict. c. 42.

Repeal of 6 & 7 Vict. c. 18. s. 59.

Ch. 10.

County Electors, 1888.

51 Vict.

Application of provisions of Act respecting county fond.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 15.

Separate list of persons residing within fifteen miles of county.

Precepts by clerk of the peace.

Definitions.

10. — (1.) Section four of the Revising Barristers Act, 1886, is hereby repealed, and that Act, as amended by this Act, shall be perpetual.

(2.) So long as a separate commission of assize is issued for the county of Surrey, that county shall be deemed to be a circuit within the meaning of section two, as well as of section one of the Revising Barristers Act, 1886.

(3.) An application to appoint an additional barrister under the said Act may be made at any time after the first day of September.

(4.) Section fifty-nine of the Parliamentary Voters Registration Act, 1843, is hereby repealed.

11. — (1.) In the event of a county authority being established under any Act of the present session, the provisions of this Act with respect to county authority, county, and county fund shall refer to the said county authority and to the county and county fund of such authority, and in case of any borough which, for the purposes of the said Act, is a county of itself, to the council of the borough and to the borough and borough fund.

(2.) In the event of a county authority not being established under any Act during the present session, the sums directed by this Act to be paid out of and into the county fund shall be paid by or under the direction of the local authority of every county quarter sessional area within the meaning of the Registration Act, 1885, in like manner as expenses or receipts of the clerk of the peace for such area under the Registration of Electors Acts, and by and under the direction of the council of every municipal borough which is also a parliamentary borough out of and into the borough fund, and the amount to be paid for revising barristers shall be apportioned between such quarter sessional areas and boroughs upon the principles above mentioned in this Act.

12. A list of persons occupying property in a county, and residing within fifteen miles, but more than seven miles from the county, shall be made out in accordance with section forty-nine of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, and that section shall apply as if it were herein re-enacted, with the substitution of " comity " for " borough, " and of " county elector " for " burgess, " and of " clerk of the peace " for " town clerk."

13. All precepts, notices, and forms required for the purposes of the Registration of Electors Acts shall be altered in such manner as may be declared by Her Majesty in Council to be necessary for carrying into effect this Act, and clerks of the peace and town clerks shall alter their precepts and forms accordingly, and if clerks of the peace or town clerks have sent out precepts to the overseers before the passing of this Act, they shall send to them such supplemental precepts as are necessary or desirable for instructing them to carry into effect this Act.

14. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, —

The expressions u urban district " and " rural district " respectively mean an urban or rural sanitary district, also any urban or rural district under any Act of the present session of Parliament;

1888.

CU. 10.

115

County Electors Act 1888.

The expression "clerk of the peace " means, in the event of the establishment of a county authority, the person acting as clerk of that authority, and such person shall act as clerk of the peace throughout the whole county of such authority, both for the purposes of this Act and of the Registration of Electors Acts; subject nevertheless —

(a) to the provisions of the Registration Act, 1885, respecting the case of any parliamentary county extending into more county quarter sessional areas than one, and

(b) to the proviso that where at the passing of this Act any clerk of the peace acts as clerk of the peace under the Registration of Electors Acts he shall continue so to act, but shall act as deputy of the person acting as clerk of the peace by virtue of this Act.

15. In the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight, Transitory notwithstanding anything in this Act or the enactments applied as

by this Act, the revision of the lists of parliamentary voters and ^8ge year county electors may be later than the twelfth day of October, so that it be not later than the thirty-first day of October, and the register of county electors shall be completed on or before the thirty-first day of December in the said year, and shall come into operation on the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine, and shall continue in operation until the next register of county electors comes into operation.

In the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight, notwithstanding anything in this Act or the enactments thereby applied, the clerk of the peace in a county may, if he thinks fit, instead of directing the occupiers list to be made out in three divisions as provided by the Registration of Electors Acts, direct the overseers to make supplemental lists containing the names which would otherwise be contained in division two and division three of the occupiers list respectively, and the names so contained in the supplemental list corresponding to division two shall be struck by the revising barrister out of division one of the list, and the supplemental list corresponding to division two or division three shall be treated as if it were division two or three of the said list, as the case may be.

SCHEDULE.

Registration Act, 1885.

Definition of Ten Pounds Occupation Qualification.

A person entitled to be registered as a voter in respect of a ten pounds Ten pounds occupation qualification in a borough, municipal or parliamentary — occupation

(a) must during the whole twelve months immediately preceding the qualification, fifteenth day of July have been an occupier as owner or tenant; of some land or tenement in a parish [or township] of the clear yearly value of not less than ten pounds; and (5) must have resided in or within seven miles of the borough daring six months immediately preceding the fifteenth day of July; and (c) such person, or some one else, must during the said twelve months have been rated to all poor rates made in respect of such land or tenement; and

116

49 & 50 Vict. c. liii.

Ch. 10, 11. County Electors, 1888. 61 & 52 Vict.

(d) all sums due in respect of the said land or tenement on account of any poor rate made and allowed during the twelve months immediately preceding the fifth day of January next before the registration, or on account of any assessed taxes due before the said fifth day of January, must have been paid on or before the twentieth day of July.

If two or more persons jointly are such occupiers as above mentioned, and the value of the land or tenement is such as to give ten pounds or more for each occupier, each of such occupiers is entitled to be registered as a voter.

If a person has occupied in the borough different lands or tenements of the requisite value in immediate succession during the said twelve months, he is entitled in respect of the occupation thereof to be registered os a voter in the parish [or township] in which the last occupied land or tenement is situate.

CHAPTER 11.

An Act to make further provision for the Restoration and Repair of Westminster Abbey.

[28th June 1888.]

WHEREAS by the Westminster Abbey Act, 1886, the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter Westminster (in this Act referred to as the Dean and Chapter of Westminster) were authorised to borrow, and the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England (in this Act referred to as the Ecclesiastical Commissioners) were authorised to lend, on the security of the revenues of the Dean and Chapter, or of part thereof, such capital sums not exceeding ten thousand pounds in the whole as the Commissioners might consider to be required for the restoration or repair of Westminster Abbey and the buildings attached thereto:

And whereas by the said Act the Ecclesiastical Commissioners were authorised, if satisfied that the revenues of the Dean and Chapter would not suffice to repay the principal of or pay the interest on the aforesaid sum, to make a grant of such portion thereof as should be necessary' for the preservation of the building, provided that the repairs and restorations on which the grant was expended should have been approved by the said Commissioners: And whereas the Ecclesiastical Commissioners have in pursuance of the said Act paid a sum of seven thousand five hundred pounds to the Dean and Chapter of Westminster, and have agreed to pay a further sum of two thousand five hundred pounds, and the Commissioners are satisfied that the revenues of the Dean and Chapter will not suffice to repay the principal of dr pay the interest on any part of the aforesaid sum of ten thousand pounds, without some diminution of the charges on such revenues or unduly infringing on the annual sum available for the current repairs of Westminster Abbey and the buildings attached thereto, and it is expedient to authorise the Commissioners to make a grant of the whole of the said sum of ten thousand pounds:

And whereas in view of the present insecure condition of Westminster Abbey the said sum of ten thousand pounds is insufficient for the proper restoration and repair of the Abbey and the buildings attached thereto, and it is expedient to make further provision with a view to such restoration and repair:

1888.

117

Westminster Abbey A, 1888. Ch. 11.

He it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the "Westminster Abbey Act, 1888. short

2. The Ecclesiastical Commissioners may make a grant to the Grant of whole Dean and Chapter of Westminster of the whole of the sum of ten to thousand pounds mentioned in the Westminster Abbey Act, 1886. chapter.

3. — (1.) At any time before the first day of January one thousand Transfer of eight hundred and ninety the Dean and Chapter of Westminster Pr^dof may, by a scheme of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, ratified by chapter to Order of Her Majesty in Council, transfer to the Ecclesiastical Ecclesiastical Commissioners all the property as herein*after defined of the Dean Commissioners, and Chapter of Westminster in consideration of an annual money payment from the Ecclesiastical Commissioners not exceeding such

annual sum as on the transfer of the property of the Dean and Chapter of Westminster to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners in pursuance of the Ecclesiastical Commission Act, 1868, was treated 31 & 82 Vict, as the future annual income of such Dean and Chapter. c‘ 114‘

(2.) The said property of the Dean and Chapter of Westminster to be so transferred shall include all annual sums at the passing of this Act payable to the Dean and Chapter by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, but shall not include the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter or the precincts thereof, designated the Parish of the Close of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, Westminster, nor shall it include any ecclesiastical, educational, or other like patronage, and the Dean and Chapter shall retain such church and precincts with all buildings thereon, and such patronage.

(3.) After the date fixed by the Order in Council ratifying any such scheme, and without any further conveyance or act in the law, the property expressed by the scheme to be transferred shall ve9t in the Ecclesiastical Commissioners and their successors for the same estate and interest, and subject to the same covenants, restrictions, and liabilities expressly affecting the property transferred, for and subject to which it was held at the said date by the Dean and Chapter, but discharged from any general liability of the Dean and Chapter, and any such general liability shall attach to and be discharged out of the annual money payment in consideration of which the transfer is made.

(4.) Sections five, seven, and eight of the Ecclesiastical Commission Act, 1868, shall apply to such transfer as if it were a transfer made under section three of that Act.

(5.) The scheme may, if the Dean and Chapter of Westminster so agree with the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, provide for the retention by the Dean and Chapter of any such lands or buildings adjacent to the collegiate church of Saint Peter, Westminster, or the precincts thereof, as are convenient for the enjoyment of any buildings or residences in such precincts, or as it appears desirable to retain for special reasons, independently of the revenue yielded by such property, and in any such case the proper reduction in

118

Ch. 1JL Westminster Abbey Acl, 1888. 51 & 52 Vicz

respect of the lands or buildings retained shall be made from the said annual money payment above mentioned.

(6.) The scheme shall provide that the income derived by the Dean and Chapter from any building which is not for the time being occupied as an official house shall be carried to and form part of the fabric fund.

Provision of fabric fund.

4. — (1.) The scheme under this Act shall establish a fabric fund of such annual amount as appears to be sufficient to keep Westminster Abbey, and the buildings attached thereto, in good substantial repair, and the scheme shall apportion the annual income of the Dean and Chapter of Westminster between —

(a.) the fabric fund,

(6.) the stipends of the dean and canons, and (c.) the maintenance of the services of the collegiate church, and other expenses of the Dean and Chapter.

(2.) The fabric fund shall be a first charge on the revenues of the Dean and Chapter of Westminster, and shall be set apart in such manner as may be from time to time approved by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners upon the application of the Dean and Chapter, and the dean and canons shall not be entitled to receive for their own use any sum out of the said capitular revenues until the fabric fund, or a proper proportion thereof, has been set apart in accordance with this Act.

(3.) The Dean and Chapter of Westminster shall annually within one month after the first day of January or any other date up to which the capitular accounts are made up, send to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners an account showing the mode in which the fabric fund has been expended during the previous year, and if the Ecclesiastical Commissioners consider that any sum has been expended out of the fabric fund for any purpose to which that fund is not applicable, and, after hearing any explanation of the Dean and Chapter, consider that such sum ought to be replaced, and require the Dean and Chapter to replace the same, the Dean and Chapter shall, subject to the provisions of this section with respect to reference to arbitration, repay that sum to the fabric fund out of any of their other revenues.

(4.) The Dean and Chapter of Westminster may from time to time borrow, and the Ecclesiastical Commissioners may lend, on the security of the fabric fund, any capital sum or sums which the Dean and Chapter show to the satisfaction of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners to be required for the restoration or repair of the collegiate church or other buildings maintainable out of the fabric fund; and the money so borrowed shall be expended to the satisfaction of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners in substantial repairs or restoration of the said church or buildings.

(5.) An act of the Dean and Chapter under their capitular seal assented to by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners under their common seal and specifying the terms of any such loan shall be a sufficient authority to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners to retain out of the annual money payment due from them to the Dean and Chapter

i88a

119

Westminster Abbey A, 1888, Ch. 11.

such sums as may from time to time be due for the principal of or interest on any such loan.

(6.) Any surplus of the fabric fund in any year over and above the expenditure properly payable thereout, shall be invested by the Dean and Chapter of Westminster until required for the purposes of the fabric fund, and the income of the investment shall form part of the fabric fund.

(7.) If it appears to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners that the Dean and Chapter of Westminster have made default in sending in an account or in repaying any sum as required by or in pursuance of this section, the Ecclesiastical Commissioners may by notice under their common seal require the Dean and Chapter to remedy such default, and after such requirement has been served on the dean, the dean and canons shall not be entitled to receive for their own use any sum out of the capitular revenues until such default has been remedied.

(8.) Provided that if any question arises between the Dean and Chapter and the Ecclesiastical Commissioners as to the application of the fabric fund, or as to whether any such default has been made as in this section mentioned, the question may, on the joint application of the Dean and Chapter and of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, be referred to the arbitration of some person being or having been Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or one of the Lords of Appeal in Ordinary, or a member of the Judicial Committee of Her Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, or a judge of Her Majesty's Court of Appeal or High Court of Justice, and the decision of that person shall be final

5. — (1.) Where it appears to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners to Suspension of be expedient for the purpose of maintaining the fabric fund, or of canonry to facilitating or expediting the repayment of any sum of money febnc borrowed in pursuance of this Act on the security of the fabric fund, to suspend a canonry in the collegiate church of Saint Peter, Westminster, the Commissioners may certify the same to Her Majesty by transmitting a certificate thereof under their common seal to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and such certificate shall be published in the London Gazette, and thereupon the canonry referred to in such certificate shall be suspended, that is to say, in the event of any vacancy thereof, no person shall be presented or instituted thereto, and such suspension shall last until the Ecclesiastical Commissioners certify in like manner that such suspension is no longer required for the purposes aforesaid.

(2.) When a suspended canonry is vacated, then during such suspension the income otherwise payable to the holder of such canonry and also the rent received in respect of any house or premises which otherwise would be his official house shall, after deducting the expenses incurred by reason of such suspension, be carried to the fabric fund of the Dean and Chapter of Westminster.

(3.) Nothing in this section shall authorise the suspension of any canonry to which a rectory in Westminster is for the time being annexed.

120

Power to amend statutes as to members of collegiate establishment.

Liability to repair and to pay rates and taxes for official honse.

Definitions.

Ch. 11. Westminster Abbey Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

6. The Dean and Chapter of Westminster may from time to time, with the approval of their visitor and of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, make such amendments in the provisions of their statutes with respect to the members of their collegiate establishment as may appear to be expedient for the purpose of reducing the charges on the revenues of the Dean and Chapter.

Provided that any such amendment shall not apply without his consent to any such member holding office at the passing of this Act otherwise than during the pleasure of the Dean and Chapter.

7. — (1.) Every dean, canon, and member of the collegiate establishment of the Dean and Chapter of Westminster appointed after the passing of this Act shall pay all rates and taxes payable in respect of, and be liable to repair, his official house, and shall be so liable to the same extent as any rector is liable in respect of the house, buildings, and premises belonging to his rectory, and shall not be entitled to any contribution out of the revenues of the Dean and Chapter in respect of such rates, taxes, or repairs: Provided that —

(a.) Where before the passing of this Act any repairs of an . official house have lawfully been executed in whole or in part at the cost of the revenues of the Dean and Chapter, the person who first after the passing of this Act succeeds the person then entitled to occupy such house by virtue of his being such dean, canon, or member as aforesaid, may receive out of the said revenues such reasonable sum in respect of dilapidations as the Ecclesiastical Commissioners may under the circumstances allow; and

(b.) Where it appears to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners that it is expedient to preserve any portion of any official house as being of historical and antiquarian interest, and that it would be unreasonable to impose the costs of preserving that portion on the occupant of the house, the Ecclesiastical Commissioners may, upon the application of the person for the time being entitled to occupy such official house, by an order in writing declare that the costs of preserving that portion may be defrayed, and the same may accordingly be defrayed, by the Dean and Chapter out of their fabric fund.

(2.) The Ecclesiastical Commissioners may from time to time revoke and vary such order, but a person shall not be thereby made liable to any repairs from which he was exempted by virtue of any order under this section which was in force at the time of his appointment.

8. For the purposes of this Act —

The expression "member of the collegiate establishment " does not include a dean or canon, but, save as aforesaid, includes the holder of every dignity or office mentioned in the statutes of the Dean and Chapter of Westminster, and the holder of any office or employment remunerated out of the revenues of that Dean and Chapter.

1888.

121

Westminster Abbey 1888. Ch. 11, 12.

The expression "official house" means any house, building, and premises to the exclusive occupation of which a person is entitled by reason of his being a dean, canon, or member of the collegiate establishment of the Dean and Chapter of Westminster *

CHAPTER 12.

An Act to amend the Electric Lighting Act, 1882.

[28th June 1888.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Notwithstanding anything in the Electric Lighting Act, 1882, Consent of no provisional order authorising the supply of electricity by any local authority Undertakers within the district of any local authority shall be granted by the Board of Trade except with the consent of such provisional local authority, unless the Board of Trade, in any case in which °*derj forf the consent of such local authority is refused, are of opinion that, electricity. having regard to all the circumstances of the case, such consent ought to be dispensed with, and in such case they shall make a special report, stating the grounds upon which they have dispensed with such consent. The grant of authority to any Undertakers to supply electricity within any area, whether granted by licence or by means of a provisional order, shall not in any way hinder or restrict the granting of a licence or provisional order to the local authority, or to any other company or person within the same area.

2. Section twent}"-seven of the Electric Lighting Act, 1882, is Repeal of hereby repealed, and in lieu thereof the following provisions shall 45 & 46 Vict-have effect; that is to say, c' 56, 8‘ 27‘

Where any Undertakers are authorised by a provisional order or Purchase of special Act to supply electricity within any area, any local authority within whose jurisdiction such area or any part thereof authority, is situated may, within six months after the expiration of a period of forty-two years, or such shorter period as is specified in that behalf in the provisional order or in the special Act, from the date of the passing of the Act confirming such provisional order, or of such special Act, and within six months after the expiration of every subsequent period of ten years, or such shorter period as is specified in that behalf in the provisional order or in the special Act, by notice in writing require such Undertakers to sell, and thereupon such Undertakers shall sell to them their undertaking, or so much of the same as is within such jurisdiction, upon terms of paying the then value of all lands, buildings, works, materials, and plant of such Undertakers suitable to and used by them for the purposes of their undertaking within such jurisdiction, such value to be in case of difference determined by arbitration: Provided that the value of such lands, buildings, works, materials, and plant shall

122

51 & 52 Vict.

Power to vary terms of sale contained in last section.

Restrictions as to placing of electric lines, &c.

Ch. 12, Electric Lighting, 1888.

be deemed to be their fair market value at the time of the purchase, due regard being had to the nature and then condition of such buildings, works, materials, and plant, and to the state of repair thereof, and to the circumstance that they are in such a position as to be ready for immediate working, and to the suitability of the same to the purposes of the undertaking, and, where a part only of the undertaking is purchased, to any loss occasioned by severance; but without any addition in respect of compulsory purchase, or of goodwill, or of any profits which may or might have been or be made from the undertaking, or of any similar considerations. The Board of Trade may determine any other questions which may arise in relation to such purchase, and may fix the date from which such purchase is to take effect, and from and after the date so fixed, or such other date as may be agreed upon between the parties, all lands, buildings, works, materials, and plant so purchased as aforesaid shall vest in the local authority which has made the purchase, freed from any debts, mortgages, or similar obligations of such Undertakers or attaching to the undertaking, and the powers of such Undertakers in relation to the supply of electricity under this Act or such provisional order or special Act as aforesaid within such area or part thereof as aforesaid shall absolutely cease and determine, and shall vest in the local authority aforesaid,

3. Notwithstanding anything in the last preceding section contained, the Board of Trade may by any provisional order to be made by them under the Electric Lighting Act, 1882, if they think fit, vary the terms upon which any local authority may require the Undertakers to sell, and upon which the Undertakers shall be required to sell to such local authority their undertaking or so much of the same as is within the jurisdiction of such local authority under the said section, in such manner as may have been agreed upon between such local authority and the Undertakers.

4. — (1.) Where in any case any electric line or other work may have been laid down or erected in, over, along, across, or under any street, for the purpose of supplying electricity, or may have been laid down or erected in any other position for such purpose in such a manner as not to be entirely enclosed within any building or buildings, or where any electric line or work so laid down or erected may be used for such purpose otherwise than under and subject to the provisions of a licence, order, or special Act, the Board of Trade, if they think fit, may, by notice in writing under the hand of one of the secretaries or assistant secretaries of the Board of Trade, to be served upon the body or person owning or using or entitled to use such electric line or work, require that such electric line or work shall be continued and used only in accordance with such conditions and subject to such regulations for the protection of the public safety and of the electric lines and works of the Postmaster-General, and of other electric lines and works

1888.

123

Electric Lighting Act, 1888. Ch. 12.

lawfully placed in any position and used for telegraphic communication, as the Board of Trade may by or in pursuance of such notice prescribe, and in case of non-compliance with the said regulations then the Board of Trade may require such body or person to remove such electric line or work: Provided that nothing in this sub-section shall apply to any electric line or work laid down or erected by any body or person for the supply of electricity generated upon any premises occupied by such body or person to any other part of such premises.

(2.) Where in any case any electric line or work is used for the supply of electricity in such a manner as to injuriously affect any telegraphic line of the Postmaster-General, or to affect the telegraphic communication through any such line, the Postmaster-General may, by notice to be served upon the body or person owning or using or entitled to use such electric line or work, require that such supply be continued only in accordance with such conditions and regulations for the protection of the telegraphic lines of the Postmaster-General and the telegraphic communication through the same as he may by or in pursuance of such notice prescribe, and in default of compliance with such conditions and regulations the Postmaster-General may require that the supply of electricity through such electric line or work shall be forthwith discontinued:Provided that nothing in this sub-section shall apply to the supply of electricity through any electric line or work laid down or erected under and subject to the provisions of any licence, order, or special Act, or which may be used in accordance with any conditions or regulations prescribed by the Board of Trade by or in pursuance of any notice given by them under this section.

(3.) If any body or person fails to comply with the requirements of any notice which may be served upon them or him under this section, such body or person shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds for every such offence, to be recovered summarily, and any court of summary jurisdiction, on complaint made, may make an order directing and authorising the removal of any electric line or work specified in such notice by such person and upon such terms as they may think fit.

(4.) Any notice authorised to be served under this section upon any body or person may be served by the same being addressed to such body or person, and being left at or transmitted through the post to any office of such body or the usual or last known place of abode of such person; and any notice so served by post shall be deemed to have been served at the time when the letter containing the notice would be delivered in the usual course of post, and in proving such service it shall be sufficient to prove that the letter containing the notice was properly addressed and put into the post.

(5.) In this section terms and expressions to which by the 45 & 46 Vict» Electric Lighting Act, 1882, meanings are assigned shall have the c* 56‘ same respective meanings, provided that the term " street " shall include any square, court, or alley, highway, lane, road, thoroughfare, or public passage or place whatever, and the expression

124

41 & 42 Vict. c. 76.

[Short title.]

Certain assignments, made without consent in writing, to be valid.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 33.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 154.

[Short title.]

Ch. 12, 13. Electric Lighting, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

" telegraphic line " shall have the meaning assigned to it by the Telegraph Act, 1878.

(6.) Nothing in this section shall apply to any electric line or work of the Postmaster-General, or to any other electric line or work used or to be used solely for telegraphic purposes, except by way of protection, as in this section provided.

5. This Act may be cited as the Electric Lighting Act, 1888; and the Electric Lighting Act, 1882, and this Act shall be read and construed together as one Act, and may be cited together for all purposes as the Electric Lighting Acts, 1882 and 1888.

CHAPTER 13.

An Act to amend Section One of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1887, in regard to Leaseholders.

[28th June 1888.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. No application under section one of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1887, made by any person claiming as lessee under a lease containing an agreement restraining or prohibiting assignment shall be disallowed on the ground that such lease has been assigned contrary to such agreement, when the landlord has consented to such assignment, and such consent has been established by evidence satisfactory to the court, notwithstanding that such consent has not been given, made, or evidenced in the manner prescribed by the tenth section of the Landlord and Tenant Law Amendment Act (Ireland), 1860: Provided always, that any person claiming to be lessee under any lease, whose claims shall have been allowed by the court under this section, and his executors, administrators, and assigns, shall be estopped in any proceedings whatever from denying that such person was assignee of such lease at the time when his claim was allowed.

For the purposes of this Act the term " assignment " shall include an equitable assignment, and the term " lessee " in section one of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1887, shall include persons entitled to the interest of the lessee under such equitable assignment.

2. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1888; and the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1887, shall be read as if this Act were incorporated therein.

1888.

Customs (Wine Duty), 1888. Ch. 14.

125

CHAPTER 14.

An Act to grant a Duty of Customs on Wine imported in bottle, and to make provision in relation thereto.

[28th June 1888.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray Your Majesty's public expenses and making an addition to the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the duty herein-after mentioned, and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with *the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Customs (Wine Duty) Act, 1888.

2. Instead of the duties on wine imposed by the Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1888, there shall from and after the passing of this Act on wine imported in bottle be charged and paid the duty following, that is to say: —

Sparkling wine imported in bottle - the gallon 2 6cl.

The duty imposed by this Act is to be paid in addition to the duty in respect of alcoholic strength payable under the Customs Amendment Act, 1886.

3. Where it is proved to the satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs that the market value of any such wine imported in bottle does not exceed fifteen shillings the gallon, the duty imposed by this Act shall be reduced to one shilling the gallon.

4. The claim for such reduction shall, as regards any wine imported after the passing of this Act, be. made and proved at the time of importation, and upon the then market value, and, as regards any wine now in bonded warehouse, within a month after the passing of this Act, upon the then market value.

In the case of wine warehoused either before or after the passing of this Act, the right to reduction shall, where proved as aforesaid, be recorded in favour of the wine in such manner as the said Commissioners shall direct. The said Commissioners may require that no consignment or parcel or invoice of wine as to which a claim is made under this section shall include wine of different values.

5. The proof required under this Act shall be based upon and Nature of supported by such evidence from certificates or Customs documents, Proof-or trade documents or accounts, and such declarations, statutory or otherwise, as the said Commissioners may in any case require or prescribe.

6. If the said Commissioners, in any case where reduction of Power to buy duty is claimed, fail to be satisfied that the wine does not exceed for the Cro*u '

Duty on sparkling wine in bottle.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 8.

49 & 50 Vict. c. 41.

Reduction of duty.

When claim to be made and proved and on what value.

126

Penalty with reference to 39 & 40 Vict. c. 36.

Definition of market value.

Collectors of Customs to take declarations.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 62.

As to medicated wine.

49 & 50 Vict. c. 41.

Repeal.

Ch. 14, 15. Custom# (Wine Duty), 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

the value herein-before specified, and their decision is objected to by the importer, they may, in their discretion, take such wine for the use of the Crown, to be dealt with as seized goods, paying to the importer therefor at the rate of fifteen shillings the gallon.

7. To knowingly obtain or attempt to obtain, by any means whatever, in respect of wine exceeding the value herein-before specified, the reduction of duty allowed by this Act, shall be deemed to be a fraudulent evasion or attempt at evasion of duties of Customs under section one hundred and eighty-six of the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876, and shall be punishable accordingly, and the wine shall be liable to forfeiture. This and the preceding section shall be read as if they were part of the said Customs Act.

8. The expression "market value " shall mean as follows: —

(a.) As regards wine purchased and imported by the consumer,

the price actually paid or contracted to be paid by him, where the wine is contained in reputed quart bottles of six to the gallon, and where the wine is contained in bottles of any other capacity, the price which he would pay for it if contained in such reputed quart bottles, exclusive, in either case, of duties of Customs, but including freight and all other charges:

(6.) As regards wine imported in any other way, the price which it would realise if sold in bond at the port of importation, in reputed quart bottles of six to the gallon.

9. For the purpose of facilitating declarations under this Act, the collector or other principal officer of Customs at any port shall be deemed to be an officer authorised by law to administer an oath within the meaning of section eighteen of the Statutory Declarations Act, 1835.

10. Where any wine liable as such to the duty of Customs on wine under the said Customs Amendment Act, 1886, is, nevertheless, wine of a character usually sold as medicated or medicinal wine, and labelled as such, such wine shall not be liable to the additional duty imposed by this Act. The question whether any wine is or is not of such a character shall be decided by the said Commissioners.

11. Section three of the Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1888, is hereby repealed.

CHAPTER 15.

Price of Government annuities to be

An Act to make certain Amendments in the Law consequential on the passing of the National Debt (Conversion) Act, 1888.

[28 th June 1888.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. References in the Government Annuities Act, 1829, to bank annuities, or to any class of bank annuities, bearing interest at the

1888.

127

National Debt (Supplemental) , 1888. Ch. 15.

rate of three per cent, per annum shall, with respect to any annuities for lives or for terms of years granted under that Act after the passing of this Act, be construed as references to bank annuities bearing interest at the rate of two and a half per cent, per annum.

2. — (1.) All annuities for lives or for terms of years granted under the Government Annuities Act, 1829, after the passing of this Act, shall be payable quarterly on the fifth of January, the fifth of April, the fifth of July, and the fifth of October in each year.

(2.) The first quarterly payments of such annuities shall be made as follows, namely, —

(a.) In respect of any purchase completed by transfer of stock or payment of money between the closing of the stock transfer books of the Bank of England under section twenty-five of the National Debt Act, 1870, in the month of December and the last day of February — on the fifth of April next following the date of purchase;

(b.) In respect of any purchase so completed between such closing in the month of March and the last day of May — on the fifth of July next following the date of purchase;

(c.) In respect of any purchase so completed between such closing in the month of June and the last day of August — on the fifth of October next following the date of purchase; and (d.) In respect of any purchase so completed between such closing in the month of September and the last day of November — on the fifth of January next following the date of purchase.

(3.) On the death of a single nominee, or of the survivor of two joint nominees in respect of any life annuity, or on the death of either of two joint nominees where the annuity depends on the joint continuance of the lives of the two joint nominees, a sum equal to one-fourth part of the annuity depending on the life of the single or surviving nominee or the two joint nominees, over and above all quarterly arrears thereof respectively, shall, if claimed within two years after the death of the single or surviving nominee, or of either of the two joint nominees, but not otherwise, be payable to the person entitled to the annuity, or to his executors, administrators, or assigns, as the case may be, at any time after the expiration of thirty days after proof of the death.

(4.) Provided that the fourth part of any expired life annuity payable under the Government Annuities Act, 1829, as amended by this Act, shall not be payable in respect of any deferred or reversionary life annuity, unless one quarterly payment of the deferred life annuity has been paid or become due at the time of the death of the nominee.

(5.) Notwithstanding anything in section thirty-one of the Government Annuities Act, 1829, a life annuity granted under that Act after the passing of this Act shall not be added to or consolidated with a life annuity so granted before the passing of this Act, but a power of attorney for the time being in force with

calculated on basis of two and a half per cent, stock.

10 Geo. 4. c. 24.

Government annuities to be paid quarterly.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 71.

128

Ch. 15. National Debt (Supplemental) Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

10 Geo. 4.

C. 24;

36 & 37 Vict. c. 44.

Adaptation of 46 & 47 Vict. c. 54. to purposes of Conversion Act.

respect to any annuity so granted before the passing of this Act shall be in force with respect to any annuity so granted after the passing of this Act, and depending on the life of the same nominee, and standing in the same name or names in the books of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

(6.) In section sixteen of the Government Annuities Act, 1829, the word "fourpence " shall be substituted for the word "sixpence " and the words "nor any fractional part less than one pound of such bank annuities " shall be repealed.

(7.) Sections twenty-two and twenty-three of the Government Annuities Act, 1829, and section three of the Government Annuities Act, 1873, shall be repealed as to any annuity granted under the former Act after the passing of this Act.

3. Whereas in pursuance of the National Debt Act, 1883, a sum of forty millions consolidated three per cent, stock, standing to the account of the Paymaster General on behalf of the Supreme Court of Judicature, has been converted into a terminable annuity of two millions six hundred and sixty-five thousand eight hundred and thirty-five pounds, being the amount calculated to be sufficient to replace the stock so converted within a period of twenty years, and in the meantime to pay the interest thereon:

And whereas the consolidated three per cent, stock so converted has been replaced to the amount of five millions three hundred and seventy-four thousand two hundred and twenty-two pounds four shillings and one penny, leaving a balance of thirty-four millions six hundred and twenty-five thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven pounds fifteen shillings and elevenpence not yet replaced:

And whereas for the purpose of enabling all suitors of the Supreme Court interested in the said stock to take advantage of the National Debt (Conversion) Act, 1888, and to exchange the consolidated three per cent, stock in which they are interested for an equal nominal amount of new stock created under that Act, it is necessary to recreate the said balance of consolidated three per cent, stock: Be it therefore enacted as follows:

(1.) The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall by warrant cancel the said terminable annuity, and create consolidated three per cent, stock to the amount of the said balance.

(2.) The provisions of the National Debt (Conversion) Act, 1888, shall apply to the consolidated three per cent, stock so created as if it had existed at the passing of that Act, and any assent signified by or on behalf of any person interested in stock so converted as aforesaid and not replaced shall have effect as if the stock had been replaced at the time when the assent was given.

(3.) On or before the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall create a terminable annuity of such an amount as will be sufficient to replace within the said period of twenty years an amount of new stock created under the National Debt (Conversion) Act, 1888, equal to the amount of the consolidated three per cent, stock created under this section.

1888.

129

National Debt (Supplemental) Act, 1888. Ch. 15, 16.

(4.) The terminable annuity created under this section shall be subject to the same provisions as the said terminable annuity created under the National Debt Act, 1883.

4. The expression "perpetual annuities " in the National Debt a^u^in

Act, 1883, shall include the new stock treated under the National 46 & 47 Vict 47 Vict. Debt (Conversion) Act, 1888. c- 54-.

' pTniRinpn

5. After the twentieth day of November one thousand eight ne(juctjon of hundred and eighty-eight all receipts issued either before or after interest in the that day to the trustees of trustee savings banks by the Comm is- case of trustee sioners for the Reduction of the National Debt in respect of money savings banks‘ paid into the Banks of England or Ireland by such trustees, shall

carry interest at the rate of two pounds fifteen shillings per centum per annum, and the interest payable to depositors by the trustees of any trustee savings banks shall not exceed the rate of two pounds ten shillings per ceutum per annum, and as from the said day section two of the Savings Banks Act, 1880, shall be repealed. 43 & 44 Vict.

6. After the twentieth day of November one thousand eight deduction hundred and eighty-eight the interest payable on money invested of rate of with the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt interest on by any friendly society on account of any assurance made after the of'fHendlytS passing of this Act, shall not exceed the rate of two pounds fifteen societies, shillings per centum per annum.

7. The power to make regulations with respect to any stock held Provision as by any officer on behalf of the Court of Chancery of the County stock Palatine of Lancaster, which by section seventeen of the National p^atine* Debt (Conversion) Act, 1888, is vested in the Lord Chancellor, shall Court.

be vested in the Chancellor of the County Palatine of Lancaster, without prejudice to the validity of any regulations already made under that section.

8. Section twenty-seven of the National Debt (Conversion) Act, Application

1888, shall, in its application to Scotland, be construed as autho- of v*t-rising trustees to invest in any of the securities in which trustees *o Scotch may without the approval of the Court of Session invest under the trusts. Trusts (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

9. This Act may be cited as the National Debt (Supplemental) Short title Act, 1888.

CHAPTER 16.

An Act to apply the sum of five million five hundred and seventy thousand seven hundred and twelve pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine.

[5th July 1888.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of

130

Issue of 5, 570, 712/. out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the year ending 31st March 1889.

Power to the Treasury to borrow.

[Short title.]

Ch. 16, 17. Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict;

Parliament, have resolved to grant onto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time being may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine the sum of five million five hundred and seventy thousand seven hundred and twelve pounds.

2. The Commissioners of the Treasury may borrow from time to time on the credit of the said sum any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of five million five hundred and seventy thousand seven hundred and twelve pounds, and shall repay the moneys so borrowed with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any sums so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

3. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1888.

CHAPTER 17.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Recovery of Penalties for the unauthorised Performance of Copyright Musical Compositions.

[5th July 1888.]

"YY WHEREAS it is expedient to further amend the law relating to copyright in musical compositions, and to further protect the public from vexations proceedings for the recovery of penalties for the unauthorised performance of the same

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Provision as to 1, Notwithstanding the provisions of the Act of the session held dftma8ee* in the third and fourth years of His Majesty King William the Fourth, chapter fifteen, to amend the laws relating to dramatic literary property, or any other Act in which those provisions are incorporated, the penalty or damages to be awarded upon any action or proceedings in respect of each and every unauthorised representation or performance of any musical composition, whether published

131

1888. Copyright (Musical Compositions) Act, 1888. Ch. 17, 18.

before or after the passing of this Act, shall be such a sum or sums as shall, in the discretion of the court or judge before whom such action or proceedings shall be tried, be reasonable, and the court or judge before whom such action or proceedings shall be tried may award a less sum than forty shillings in respect of each and every such unauthorised representation or performance as aforesaid, or a nominal penalty or nominal damages as the justice of the case may require.

2. The costs of all such actions or proceedings as aforesaid shall be in the absolute discretion of the judge before whom such actions and proceedings shall be tried, and section four of the Copyright (Musical Compositions) Act, 1882, is hereby repealed.

3. The proprietor, tenant, or occupier of any place of dramatic entertainment, or other place at which any unauthorised representation or performance of.any musical composition, whether published before or after the passing of this Act, shall take place, shall not by reason of such representation or performance be liable to any penalty or damages in respect thereof, unless he shall wilfully cause or permit such unauthorised representation or performance, knowing it to be unauthorised.

4. The provisions of this Act shall not apply to any action or proceedings in respect of a representation or performance of any opera or stage play in any theatre or other place of public entertainment duly licensed in that respect.

5. This Act may be cited as the Copyright (Musical Compositions) Act, 1888.

CHAPTER 18.

An Act to carry into effect an International Convention respecting the Liquor Traffic in the North Sea.

[5th July 1888.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Convention set out in the schedule to this Act (herein-after referred to as the scheduled Convention) is hereby confirmed, and the articles thereof shall be of the same force as if they were enacted in the body of this Act.

2. If within the North Sea limits but outside territorial waters any person belonging to or on board a British vessel supplies spirituous liquors to any person belonging to a sea fishing boat he shall be liable —

(a) if the liquors are supplied in exchange for any article not belonging to the person supplied, to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, or, in the discretion of the court, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, with or without hard labour; and ‘

Costs to be in discretion of judge.

45 & 40 Vict.

C. 40.

Proprietor not wilfully permitting such performance to be exempt.

Saving for operas and plays.

[Short title.]

Confirmation of Convention.

Penalty for supplying, exchanging, or otherwise selling spirits.

182

Ch. 18.

51 & 52 Vict.

Penalty for purchasing spirits by exchange or otherwise.

Penalty for breach of licence.

Power to make regulations as to licences and other matters.

Enforcement of Act.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 29.

Legal proceedings.

North Sea Fisheries Act, 1888.

(5) if the liquors are sold otherwise than by way of exchange, as aforesaid, to a fine not exceeding thirty pounds, or, in the discretion of the court, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, with or without hard labour.

3. If within the North Sea limits but outside territorial waters any person belonging to or on board a British sea fishing boat purchases spirituous liquors, he shall be liable —

(a) if he gives any article not belonging to him in exchange for the liquor?, to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, or, in the discretion of the court, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, with or without hard labour; and

(6) if he purchases the liquors otherwise than by way of exchange, as aforesaid, to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

4. If within the North Sea limits but outside territorial waters any person belonging to or on board a British vessel deals with any person belonging to or on board a sea fishing boat in any provisions or other articles for his use, except spirituous liquors, without a licence granted in pursuance of Article Three of the scheduled Convention, or without carrying on his vessel the mark agreed upon in pursuance of that Article, or in contravention of any conditions of a licence so granted, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, and his licence may be revoked.

5. Her Majesty the Queen may from time to time by Order in Council make, vary, and revoke regulations for any of the following purposes:

(a) for prescribing the authority by whom licences under Article Three of the scheduled Convention are to be granted, renewed, and revoked; and

(b) for prescribing the mode of application for such licences, and the conditions under which, and the time for which, the licences are to be granted; and

(c)generally for giving effect to any of the provisions of this Act or any of the articles of the scheduled Convention.

6. For the purpose of enforcing the provisions of this Act in the case of British and foreign vessels, whether within or beyond the North Sea limits, all British and foreign sea fishery officers respectively within the meaning of the Sea Fisheries Act, 1883, shall have the same powers, and be entitled to the same protection as they have and are entitled to for the purpose of enforcing the provisions of that Act in the case of British and foreign sea fishing boats respectively.

Provided that in the case of a vessel not being either a sea fishing boat or a vessel habitually employed in dealing with fishermen the power of a sea fishery officer to take the vessel to any port shall not be exercised unless the sea fishery officer is satisfied that its exercise is necessary for the suppression of grave disorder.

7. Sections sixteen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty, twenty-one, and twenty-two of the Sea Fisheries Act, 1883, shall apply in the case of offences, fines, and legal proceedings under this Act in

133

1888. North Sea Fisheries Act, 1888. Ch. 18.

the same maimer as they apply in the case of offences, fines, and legal proceedings under that Act.

8. Section seventeen of the Sea Fisheries Act, 1883, shall apply in the case of any formal statement drawn up in pursuance of Article Seven of the scheduled Convention in the same manner as it applies in the case of any document drawn up in pursuance of the Convention set out in the First Schedule to that Act.

9. In this Act —

The expression "North Sea limits " shall mean the limits of the North Sea as fixed by Article Four of the Convention set out in the First Schedule to the Sea Fisheries Act, 1883.

The expression "territorial waters" shall mean the territorial waters of Her Majesty's dominions as defined by the Territorial Waters Jurisdiction Act, 1878.

The expression "sea fishing boat " shall have the same meaning as in the Sea Fisheries Act, 1883.

The expression "vessel " shall include ship, boat, lighter, and craft of every kind, whether navigated by steam or otherwise

The expression "spirituous liquors " shall include every liquid obtained by distillation and containing more than five per cent, of alcohol.

10. — (1.) This Act shall come into force on such day as may be fixed by a notice in that behalf published in the London Gazette.

• (2.) The provisions of this Act relating to the sea fishery officers of any foreign State bound by the Convention set out in the First Schedule to the Sea Fisheries Act, 1883, shall continue in operation notwithstanding the termination of the operation of that Convention as respects that foreign State.

(3.) So much of this Act as has effect outside territorial waters shall, if the scheduled Convention ceases to be binding on Her Majesty, cease to apply to the vessels and officers of any foreign State bound by the scheduled Convention, but, subject as aforesaid, this Act shall continue in force notwithstanding the determination of the scheduled Convention.

1L This Act may be cited as the North Sea Fisheries Act, 1888.

SCHEDULE.

Convention respecting the Liquor Traffic in the North Sea.

Her Majesty the Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, His Majesty the German Emperor, King of Prussia, in the name of the German Empire, His Majesty the King of the Belgians, His Majesty the King of Denmark, the President of the French Bepubiic, and His Majesty the King of the Netherlands, having recognised the necessity of remedying the abuses arising from the traffic in spirituous liquors amongst the fishermen in the North Sea outside territorial waters, have resolved to conclude a Convention for this purpose, and have named as their Plenipotentiaries, that is to say;

Her Majesty the Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, the Honourable Sir William Stuart, Knight Commander of Her Most distinguished Order of St. Michael and St. George, and Companion of

Evidence.

Definitions.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 73.

Commencement and continuance of Act.

[Short title.]

m

Ch. 18. North Sea Fisheries, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

her Most Honourable Order of the Bath, her Envoy Extraordinary and

Minister Plenipotentiary at the Hague;

His Majesty the German Emperor, King of Prussia, Baron Jean Antoine de Saurma-Feltsch, Chevalier of the second class of his Orders of the Bed Eagle and of the Crown, Ac., Privy Councillor of Legation, and Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary at the Hague;

His Majesty the King of the Belgians, Baron Auguste d’Anethan, Grand Officer of his Order of Leopold, Chevalier of the Order of the Netherlands Lion, Grand Cross of the Order of the Oaken Crown of Luxembourg, Ac., his Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary at the Hague, and M. Leopold Orban, Commander of his Order of Leopold, Commander of the Order of the Netherlands Lion, Ac., his Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary, Director-General of Political Affairs at the Ministry for Foreign Affairs at Brussels;

His Majesty the King of Denmark, M. Corneille Marius Viruly, Chevalier of his Order of Danebrog, Consul for Denmark;

The President of the French Republic, M. Louis Desird Legrand, Officer of the National Order of the Legion of Honour, Grand Cross of the Order of the Netherlands Lion, Ac., Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary of the French Republic at the Hague;

His Majesty the King of the Netherlands, the Jonkheer Abraham Pierre Corneille van Karnebeek, Chevalier of his Order of the Netherlands Lion, Ac., his Minister for Foreign Affairs, and M. Edouard Nicolas Rahusen, Chevalier of his Order of the Netherlands Lion, Ac., President of the College of Marine Fisheries:

Who, after having communicated their full powers, found in good and due form, have agreed upon the following Articles: —

Article I.

The provisions of the present Convention shall apply in the North Sea» outside territorial waters, and within the limits fixed by Article IV. of the Convention of the Hague of the 6th May, 1882, respecting the police of the fisheries to every person on board a ship or boat of any one of the High Contracting Parties.

Article II.

The sale of spirituous liquors to persons on board or belonging to fishing-boats 1b forbidden.

The purchase of those liquors by such persons is forbidden.

The exchange of spirituous liquors for any article, and especially for products of the fisheries, gear or equipments of fishing boats, or fishing implements, is forbidden.

Every liquid obtained by distillation, and containing more than five litres of alcohol per hectolitre, shall be considered a spirituous liquor.

Article HI.

The liberty to deal with fishermen in provisions and other articles for their use (spirituous liquors excepted) shall be subject to a licence to be granted by the Government of the country to which the vessel belongs. ThiB licence must specify the following amongst other conditions:—

1. The vessel may not have on board a quantity of spirits greater than what is deemed requisite for the consumption of her crew.

2. All exchange of the articles above indicated for products of the fisheries, gear, or equipments of fishing-boats, or fishing implements, is forbidden.

Vessels provided with this licence must carry a special and uniform mark to be agreed upon by the High Contracting Powers.

Article IV.

The High Contracting Parties engage to take, or to propose to their respective Legislatures, the necessary measures for ensuring the execution of the present Convention, and especially for punishing, by either fine or imprisonment, or by both, those who may contravene Articles II. and IH.

xm.

North Sea Fisheries Act, 1888. Ch. 18.

1*6

Article V.

The Tribunals competent to take cognisance of infraotions of Artioles II. and III. are those of the country to which the accused vessel belongs. J£ vessels of different nationalities should be implicated in the same in fraction, the Powers to which such vessels belong will mutually communicate to each other the Judgments given by the Tribunals.

Article VI.

Prosecutions for infraotions shall be instituted by the State, or in its name.

Infractions may be verified by all means of proof allowed by the legislation of the country of the Court concerned.

Article VII.

The superintendence shall be exercised by the cruizers of the High Contracting Parties which are charged with the police of the fisheries.

When the officers commanding these cruizers have reason to believe that au infraction of the measures provided for in the present Convention has been committed, they may require the captain or master to exhibit the official documents establishing the nationality of his vessel, and where the case occurs, the licence. The fact of such documents having been exhibited shall then be indorsed upon them immediately.

Further, formal statements of the facts may be drawn up by the said officers whatever may be the nationality of the accused vessel. These formal statements shall be drawn up according to the forms and in the language used in the country to which the officer belongs; they may be used as means of proof in the country where they are adduced, and conformably with the laws of that country. The accused and the witnesses shall be entitled to add or to have added thereto, in their own language, any explanations which they may think useful. These declarations must be duly signed.

Resistance to the directions of Commanders of cruizers, or of those who act under their orders, shall, without taking into account the nationality of the cruizers, be considered as resistance to national authority.

The Commander of the cruizer may, if the case appears to him sufficiently serious to justify the step, take the offending vessel into a port of the nation to which sne belongs.

Article VIII.

The proceedings in respect of infractions of the provisions of the present Convention shall always take place as summarily as the Laws and Regulations will permit.

Article IX.

The High Contracting Parties will communicate to each other, at the time of the exchange of ratifications, the Laws which shall have been made in their respective countries in relation to the object of the present Convention.

Article X.

States which have not signed the present Convention may adhere to it on making a request to that effect. This adhesion shall be notified through the diplomatic channel to the Government of the Netherlands, and by the latter to the other Signatory Powers.

Article XI.

The present Convention shall be brought into operation from and after a day to be agreed upon by the High Contracting Parties

It shall remain in force for five years from that day, and, unless any of the High Contracting Parties shall, twelve months before the expiration of the said period of five years, have given notice of its intention to terminate its operation, it shall remain in force for one year longer, and so on from year to year.

If the Convention of the Hague of the 6th May, 1882, respecting the police of the fisheries, should cease to be in force, Article XXVI. of the same Convention shall continue to operate as regards the object of the present arrangement.

1S6

Ch. 18, 19.

51 & 52 Vict.

42 & 43 Vict. C. 19.

[Short title.]

Repeal.

Licensee may appoint a deputy.

Attestation of application for admission to a retreat.

North Sea Fisheries Act, 1888.

Article XII.

The present Convention shall be ratified; the ratifications shall be exchanged at the Hague as soon as possible, and, if practicable, within a year.

In witness whereof, the respective Plenipotentiaries have signed the present Convention, and have thereto affixed their seals.

Done at the Hague, in six copies, the 16th November, 1887.

(l.s.) W. Stuart.

(l.s.) Baron Saurma.

(l.s.) BaronA.D. Ahetoan.

(l.s.) Leopold Orb an.

(l.s.) C. M. Viruly.

(l.s.) Louis Legrand.

* (l.s.) v. Karnebeek.

(L.S.) E. N. &AHU8E5.

CHAPTER 19.

An Act to amend the Habitual Drunkards Act, 1879.

[24th July 1888.]

WHEREAS the Habitual Drunkards Act, 1879, is limited to expire at the termination of ten years from the passing thereof and the then next session of Parliament; and whereas it is expedient to provide for the continuance of the said Act, and for the amendment of the same:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Inebriates Act, 1888.

2. So much of the second section of the Habitual Drunkards Act, 1879, as provides that the said Act shall be in force until the termination of ten years from the passing thereof and to the end of the then next session of Parliament, is hereby repealed; and be it enacted in lieu thereof that the aforesaid Act as amended by this Act shall be and remain in force until otherwise provided by Parliament.

3. Subject to the approval of the Local Authority granting a licence for a retreat, the licensee of any retreat may from time to time appoint a deputy to act for him during his temporary absence, and such deputy shall during the absence of the licensee have and exercise all powers, and be subject to all the duties, disabilities, prohibitions, and penalties imposed upon the licensee of such retreat under the provisions of the Habitual Drunkards Act, 1879. Provided always that the appointment of such deputy shall not entitle him to act for such licensee during any period or periods exceeding in all six weeks in any one year.

4. So much of section three and of section ten of the Habitual Drunkards Act, 1879, as provides that the signature of an habitual drunkard applying to be admitted to a retreat shall be attested by

137

1888. Inebriate* Act, 1888. Ch. 19, 20.

two Justices of the Peace having jurisdiction under the Summary Jurisdiction Act, in the place where the matter requiring the cognizance of a justice arises, is hereby repealed, and such attestation may be that of any two Justifies of the Peace.

5. The Habitual Drunkards Act, 1879, and this Act shall be Construction read and construed together as one Act, and may be cited together 0 ct‘ as the Inebriates Acts, 1879 and 1888.

CHAPTER 20.

An Act to facilitate the sale of Glebe Lands.

[7th August 1888.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Glebe Lands Act, 1888.

This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland.

Short title and extent.

2. The incumbent of any benefice may from time to time, after ^cumbent^o J the prescribed notice to the bishop of the diocese and the patron of Lnnd Commis-the benefice, apply in the prescribed manner to the Land Commissioners to approve the sale of the glebe land of such benefice, or any 811 e 0 s c e‘ part thereof except the parsonage house and such land appurtenant thereto as herein-after mentioned.

3. — (1.) If the Land Commissioners, on an application being ^covai made to them to approve the sale of any glebe land under this Act, of Lan^Com-think fit to entertain the application, and are satisfied that the missioned, application has been duly made by an incumbent authorised to apply, and that the prescribed notice has been given to the bishop of the diocese and the patron of the benefice, and that an objection to the sale either has not been made by the bishop or patron, or if made ought not to prevent the sale, and that the sale will be for the permanent benefit of the benefice, they may approve the sale of the said land, subject to the provisions of this Act, and the incumbent, with such approval, may sell the said land; but the Land Commissioners shall not approve the sale of any land occupied by the parsonage house, or the outbuildings, garden, or other appurtenances thereof, or such part of the glebe land as they consider to be necessary for the convenient enjoyment of such house, and the opinion of the said Commissioners in respect of such matters shall be conclusive.

(2.) If upon notice of a proposed sale under this Act the bishop of the diocese or patron objects to the sale, and the Land Commissioners are satisfied that such objection ought not to prevent the sale, the Land Commissioners shall inform the bishop or patron, as the case may be, in writing, of their reasons for being so satisfied.

4. — (1.) Upon the sale under this Act of the glebe land of any l’aymeut and benefice, the purchaser shall pay the purchase money to the Land a5J^0U ot Commissioners, and the prescribed receipt of the Land Commis- money.

18B

Ch. 20. Qlebe Lands, 1888. 51 & 52 VICT.

aiouers for such money shall be a sufficient discharge to the purchaser.

(2.) The Land Commissioners shall apply the purchase money so paid in defraying the prescribed expenses of or incident to the sale of such land and the investment of the purchase money, and (subject to the provisions of this Act as to incumbrances; shall invest the residue in such one or more of the modes here in-after mentioned as may be selected by the incumbent of the benefice, with the approval of the Land Commissioners, or (in default of such selection) by the Land Commissioners; namely

(«.) in purchase of any of the following securities, namely, Government securities, the debenture stock of any railway company in Great Britain or Ireland incorporated by special Act of Parliament, and having for at least ten years next before the date of investment paid a dividend on its ordinary stock or shares, stock of the Metropolitan Board of Works, and that stock of any county or municipal borough in which trustees are by law authorised to invest either generally or whenever they have power to invest in railway debenture stock, if such county or municipal borough had, according to the census last published next before the date of the purchase, a population exceeding one hundred thousand; and (5.) in redemption of land tax, chief rent, or quitrent charged on any part of the glebe which is not sold, so that the same may merge in the glebe; and (c.) in the purchase of any land adjacent to the parsonage house the possession of which in the judgment of the Land Commissioners would be for the benefit of the benefice and for the convenient enjoyment of such house.

(3.) An investment in any securities shall be made in the name of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England, and any such investment may from time to time, with the approval of those Commissioners, be varied on the application and at the expense of the incumbent.

(4.) Securities bought out of the purchase money under this Act of the glebe of any benefice and held by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England shall be entered in the books kept by any body corporate, company, or persons in relation to those securities in the name of those Commissioners, but on a separate account ex-parte the benefice; such body corporate, company, or persons, however, shall treat those Commissioners as the sole and absolute owner of the securities, and shall arrange with those Commissioners for the payment of the dividends, whether by dividend warrants sent through the post or otherwise, to such persons as may be directed by those Commissioners, and the enactments relating to dividend warrants shall apply to the warrants sent to any such person in like manner as if they were sent to the holder of the securities at his request.

(5.) The Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England shall hold any securities purchased with money arising from a sale of land under this Act on the same trusts and for the same purposes on and for

1888.

189

Okbe Lands 1888. Ch. 20.

which the land sold was held; and may from time to time, if occasion requires, sell such -securities and apply the proceeds on the said trusts and for the said purposes, and shall cause the income arising from such securities to be paid or applied in such manner (if any) as may be directed in pursuance of this Act, and subject thereto, in such manner as the income of the said land sold would have been payable or applicable if such sale had not taken place.

(6.) Any land purchased with money arising from a sale under this Act of the glebe land of any benefice shall be conveyed to the incumbent of that benefice, and shall be held by the incumbent for the time being as part of the glebe of the benefice, and the income arising from the land shall be paid or applied as the income of the land sold would have been payable or applicable if the sale had not taken place.

5. — (1.) Before approving the sale of any land under this Act the Land Commissioners shall ascertain whether the amount of the purchase money is or is likely to be diminished by reason of any dilapidations which the incumbent is by law liable to make good, and, where they are of opinion that the purchase money is or is likely to be so diminished, shall provide for such sum as appears to them to be equal to the amount of such diminution being recouped to the benefice, either by payment of such sum by the incumbent or by the application of all or part of the income of the purchase money towards recouping such sum, and the amount paid towards such recoupment shall be dealt with as purchase money of the land under this Act, but until such sum is fully recouped, nothing in this section shall discharge the incumbent from his liability to make good the said dilapidations.

(2.) Nothing in this Act shall empower the Land Commissioners to approve the sale —

(a) of any land subject to a lease originally created for a term exceeding twenty-one years; or (b) of any land let for any term whatever where by reason of the rent reserved on the lease being less than two thirds of the full annual value of the land, or for any other reason, the incumbent is not in possession of the full rents and profits of the land; or

(c) of any mines or minerals in any case where it appears to them that such mines or minerals are or may become of considerable value.

Where any glebe land sold under this Act, or the benefice to which it belongs, is subject to any mortgage or other ’debt, the land when conveyed to the purchaser shall vest in him free from such mortgage or debt, but such mortgage or debt, if not discharged, shall attach to the purchase money of the land and to any securities or land in or in connexion with which such purchase money is invested, and the mortgagee or creditor shall have the like remedies as nearly as may be in relation to such purchase money, securities, and land as he would have had if the land had not been sold.

Restrictions as to sales.

Provision where land is subject to mortgage or other debt.

r

140

Ch. 20.

51 & 52 Vict.

Provision as to annual charges on benefice.

Supplemental provisions as to sale.

G0& ol Vict. c. 48.

Olebe Lands, 1888.

(2.) The prescribed notice of the proposal to sell any such glebe land shall be given to the mortgagee or creditor, and the mortgagee or creditor may, within the prescribed time after such notice, object to the sale on the ground that his security will be damnified by the sale, and before the Land Commissioners approve the sale they shall be satisfied that such notice has been duly given, and that either such an objection to the sale has not been made by the mortgagee or creditor, or if an objection has been made that the mortgagee or creditor will not be damnified by the sale; and the Land Commissioners may, if it seems to them necessary, make provision either for securing the rights of the mortgagee or creditor, or for the discharge of the mortgage or other debt: Provided that any mortgage created for a limited term, and which is by statute only repayable by annual instalments out of the income of the benefice within such term, shall be discharged in the same instalments out of the interest of the purchase money of land sold under this Act, and that nothing shall be done which will prejudice the future interest of the benefice, and such provision, and any provision which the Land Commissioners may make for preventing any prejudice to the future interest of the benefice, shall be binding on the incumbent for the time being of the benefice.

(3.) The Lind Commissioners may require the mortgagee or creditor to accept payment of the principal and interest due together with such additional sum (if any) as seems necessary in order to dispense with any notice which would otherwise be required for such payment

7. Where any glebe land sold under this Act, or the benefice to' which it belongs, or any part of the endowment of such benefice, is subject to a permanent annual charge in favour of the incumbent of any other benefice, the land when conveyed to the purchaser shall vest in him free from such annual charge, but the annual charge shall attach to the purchase money, and to any securities or land in or in connexion with which such purchase money is invested, and the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England, may, if they think fit, set apart an adequate portion of such securities for the purpose of meeting such charge, or any part thereof, and shall thereupon discharge the said benefice and the endowment thereof from the liability to the annual charge or the said part thereof, and the securities so set apart shall be placed to a separate account or otherwise set apart in such manner as these Commissioners may direct.

For the purpose of facilitat:ng the acquisition of land by cottagers, labourers, and others, it shall be the duty of the Land" Commissioners in giving their approval of a sale under this Act, either to require as a condition thereof that the land or some part thereof shall be offered for sale in small parcels, or to the sanitary authority of a sanitary district for the purposes of the Allotments Act, 1887, or to satisfy themselves that such offer is not practicable without diminishing the price which can be obtained for the glebe land on a sale.

1888.

Ch. 20.

141

Glebe Lands, 1888.

(2.) Before approving of a sale under this Act of glebe land of any benefice, the Land Commissioners shall require such notice of the proposed sale to be given as they think sufficient to give information thereof to the parishioners.

(3.) The approval of the Land Commissioners of a sale under this Act may be signified in the prescribed manner, and shall be conclusive evidence that the requirements of this Act with respect to the sale have been complied with.

(4.) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the provisions of the Settled Land Act, 1882, with respect to the sale of land by a 4’3^ 40 '; ct' tenant for life shall, so far as circumstances admit, apply to a sale under this Act by an incumbent in like manner as if he were the tenant for life of the land, and accordingly he shall have the like power with respect to contracts as a tenant for life under that Act, and may do all things necessary and proper for carrying into effect a sale under this Act.

9. — (1.) The Land Commissioners with the approval of the Lord to muke High Chancellor of Great Britain, and, where any rule affects any

costs payable out of the Exchequer, with the further consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, may from time to time make, and when made alter and rescind, rules with respect to the proceedings of the Land Commissioners under this Act, and the procedure to be observed by applicants and others in relation to such sales, and with respect to the forms to be used for the purposes of this Act, and with respect to any matter which by this Act is authorised or required to be prescribed, or which appears to be necessary or proper for carrying this Act into effect.

(2.) The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may from time to time make, and when made alter and rescind, rules fixing the fees to be paid to the Land Commissioners in respect of any proceeding under this Act, and the mode in which such fees are to be taken, and such fees shall be paid into the Exchequer either directly or by means of stamps, and any such fees paid in relation to a sale shall be deemed to be part of the expenses of the sale.

(3.) All rules made by the Land Commissioners under this section shall be judicially noticed, and shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within three weeks after they are made if Parliament be then in session, and, if Parliament be not then in session, within three weeks after the beginning of the then next session of Parliament.

10. (1.) Where any act is authorised or required to be done or A* to action any notice is required to be given by or to any patron or person by Patron?* for the purpose of this Act, such act and notice may, in the case of

the patrons mentioned in the enactments set out in the schedule to this Act, be done and given, so far as may be, by and to the persons and in the manner provided by those enactments in like manner as if such act were a consent, and in the case of any matters to which those enactments do not apply and of any patrons or persons other than the patrons mentioned in the said enactments, or the Duke of Cornwall, shall be done and given in the prescribed manner.

142

61 & 52 Vict.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 49.

Saving for Ecclesiastical Leasing Acts. 21 & 22 Vict. c. 57.

Definitions.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 43.

Section 10.

How consent of patron to be testified when patronage in the Crown.

Ch. 20. Glebe Lands Act, 1888.

(2.) Where the advowson of any benefice is part of the possessions of the Duchy of Cornwall, any notice required to be given to the patron of such benefice for the purposes of this Act may be given to the keeper of the records of the Duchy of Cornwall, and any act authorised or required to be done by the patron of such benefice for the purposes of this Act may be done under the seal of the Duchy of Cornwall; and in the event of the Duke of Cornwall being under the age of twenty-one years, or of there being no Duke of Cornwall, may be done in the manner in which aoy act in relation to the possessions of the Duchy of Cornwall may be done in pursuance of section thirty-eight or thirty-nine of the Duchy of Cornwall Management Act, 1863, as the case requires.

11. Such notice to the bishop of the diocese as may be prescribed for the purposes of this Act shall be substituted for the period of three months notice which, in pursuance of section one of the Ecclesiastical Leasing Act, 1858, is required to be given to the bishop of the diocese on every proposed sale of glebe lands under the provisions of that Act, but, save as aforesaid, nothing in this Act shall limit or prejudice the powers and provisions contained in the Ecclesiastical Leasing Acts or in the Acts administered by the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy.

12. In this Act the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them unless there be something in the context repugnant thereto: —

The expression "Land Commissioners" means the Land Commissioners for England:

The expressions "benefice" and "patron" have the same meaning as in the Ecclesiastical Dilapidations Act, 1871:

The expression "bishop " in relation to the diocese of an archbishop includes the archbishop:

The expression "glebe land " includes any manor, land, or tenement forming the endowment or part of the endowment of a benefice:

The expression "prescribed" means prescribed by rules made in pursuance of this Act.

SCHEDULE.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 106. ss. 126, 127.

126. And be it enacted, that in any case in which the consent of the patron of any benefice shall be required to the exercise of any power given by this Act, or in which any notice shall be required by this Act to be given to the

Eatron of any benefice, and the patronage of such benefice shall be in the 'rown, the consent of the Crown to the exercise of such power shall be testified, and such notice shall be given respectively in the manner hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say,) if such benefice shall be above the yearly value of twenty pounds in the Queen's books, the instrument by which the power shall be exercised shall be executed by and any such notice shall be given to the Lord High Treasurer or First Lord Commissioner of the Treasury for the time being; and if such benefice shall not exceed the yearly value of twenty pounds in the Queen’s books, such instrument shall be executed by and any such notice shall be given to the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal for the time being;

1888.

143

Glebe Lands Act, 1888. Ch. 20, 21.

and if such benefice shall be within the patronage of the Crown in right of the Duchy of Lancaster, such instrument shall be executed by and any such notice shall be given to the Chancellor of the said Duchy for the time being; and the execution of such instrument by and any such notice given to such person or persons shall be deemed and taken for the purposes of this Act to be an execution by and a sufficient notice to the patron of the benefice.

127. And be it enacted, that in any case in which the consent of the patron of any benefice shall be required to the exercise of any power given by this Act, and the patron of such benefice shall be a minor, idiot, lunatic, or feme covert, it shall be lawful for the guardian or guardians, committee or committees, or husband of such patron (but in case of a feme covert with her consent in writing) to execute the instrument by which such power shall be exercised in testimony of the consent of such patron; and such execution shall, for the purposes of this Act, be deemed and taken to be an execution by the patron of the benefice.

CHAPTER 21.

An Act to amend the Law of Distress for Rent.

[7th August 1888.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Law of Distress Amendment Act, 1888.

2. This Act shall not apply to Scotland or Ireland.

3. This Act, except as in this Act otherwise provided, shall come into operation from and immediately after the thirty-first day of October one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight.

4. From and after the passing of this Act the following goods and chattels shall be exempt from distress for rent; namely, any goods or chattels of the tenant or his family which would be protected from seizure in execution under section ninety-six of the County Courts Act, 1846, or any enactment amending or substituted for the same.

Provided that this enactment shall not extend to any case where the lease, term, or interest of the tenant has expired, and where possession of the premises in respect of which the rent is claimed has been demanded and where the distress is made not earlier than seven days after such demand.

5. So much of an Act passed in the second year of the reign of their Majesties King William the Third and Mary, chapter five, as requires appraisement before sale of goods distrained is hereby repealed, except in case3 where the tenant or owner of the goods and chattels by writing requires such appraisement to be made, and the landlord or other person levying a distress may, except as aforesaid, sell the goods and chattels distrained without causing them to be previously appraised; and for the purposes of sale the goods and chattels distrained shall, at the request in writing of the tenant or owner of such goods and chattels, be removed to a public

How where patron is an incapacitated person.

[Short title.]

Extent.

Commencement.

Certain goods exempted from distress as under

9 & 10 Vict.

C. 95. 6. 96.

Repeal of 2 W. & M. c. 5. s. 1. except where appraisement is required in writing.

144

Ch. 21. Law of Distress Amendment Act, 1888. 51 & 52 VICT.

auction room or to some other fit and proper place specified in such request, and be there sold. The costs and expenses of appraisement when required by the tenant or owner shall be borne and paid by him; and the costs and expenses attending any such removal, and any damage to the goods and chattels arising therefrom, shall be borne and paid by the person requesting the removal.

Extension of time to replevy at request of tenant.

Distress to be levied by certified bailifis.

Power to make rules.

Repeal.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 61.

6. The period of five days provided in the said Act of William and Mary, chapter five, within which the tenant or owner of goods and chattels distrained may replevy the same, shall be extended to a period of not more than fifteen days if the tenant or such owner make a request in writing in that behalf to the landlord or other person levying the distress, and also give security for any additional cost that may be occasioned by such extension of time:Provided that the landlord or person levying the distress may, at the written request, or with the written consent, of the tenant or such owner as aforesaid, sell the goods and chattels distrained, or part of them, at any time before the expiration of such extended period as aforesaid.

7. From and after the commencement of this Act no person shall act as a bailiff to levy any distress for rent unless he shall be authorised to act as a bailiff by a certificate in writing under the hand of a county court judge; and such certificate may be general or apply to a particular distress or distresses, and may be granted at any time after the passing of this Act in such manner as may be prescribed by rules under this Act. If any person holding a certificate shall be proved to the satisfaction of the judge of a county court to have been guilty of any extortion or other misconduct in the execution of his duty as a bailiff he shall be liable to have his certificate summarily cancelled by the said judge.

Nothing in this section shall be deemed to exempt such bailiff from any other penalty or proceeding to which he may be liable in respect of such extortion or misconduct.

A county court registrar may exercise the power of granting certificates hereby conferred upon a county court judge in cases in which he may be authorised to do so by rules made under this Act.

If any person not holding a certificate under this section shall levy a distress contrary to the provisions of this Act, the person so levying, and any person who has authorised him so to levy, shall be deemed to have committed a trespass.

8. After the passing of this Act the Lord Chancellor may from time to time make, alter, and revoke rules —

(1.) For regulating the security (if any) to be required from bailiffs;

(2.) For regulating the fees, charges, and expenses in and incidental to distresses; and

(8.) For carrying into effect the objects of this Act.

9. Sections forty-nine, fifty, fifty-one, and fifty-two of the Agricultural Holdings (England) Act, 1883, are hereby repealed

1888.

145

Law of Distress Amendment Act, 1888.] Ch. 21, 22.

from and after the commencement of this Act, but this repeal shall not affect anything done or suffered before the commencement of this Act under these sections.

CHAPTER 22.

An Act to amend the Factory and Workshops Act, 1878.

[7th August 1888.]

WHEREAS in many parts of Scotland sacramental fast days have been abolished, in consequence of which such days have been discontinued as holidays by the occupiers of factories and workshops, and whereas it is expedient to have certain times fixed as holidays:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Factory and Workshop Amendment (Scotland) Act, 1888.

2. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of September one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight, and shall apply to Scotland only.

3. Sub-section two of section one hundred and five of the Factory and Workshop Act, 1878, forty-first and forty-second Victoria, chapter sixteen, is hereby repealed, as far as relates to factories and workshops situate within a burgh, and in lieu thereof the following words shall be deemed and taken to be sub-section two of section one hundred and five of the last recited Act, and the last recited Act shall be read and construed as if sub-section two of the one hundred and fifth section thereof had been originally expressed in the following words, viz.:

" In lieu of Christmas day and either Good Friday or the next public holiday under the Holidays Extension Act, 1875, there shall be allowed as a holiday to every child, young person, and woman employed in a factory or workshop within a burgh the two daj’s in each year set apart by the Church of Scotland for the observance of the sacramental fast in the parish in which the factory or workshop is situate, and in such burghs where such fast days have been abolished or discontinued there shall be allowed as a holiday to every child, young person, and woman employed in a factory or workshop in such burghs such two whole days in each year separated by an interval of not less than three months as shall be fixed by the magistrates in such burghs, and such magistrates are hereby required to fix such holidays accordingly, and give public notice thereof fourteen days before the time fixed."

[Short title.]

Commencement and extent.

Amendment of 41 & 42 Vict. c. 16. s. 105.

K

146

Ch. 23, 24. Recorders, Magistrates, am? Clerics 51 & 52 Vict.

o/ the Peace Act, 1888.

Provision as to deputies of recorders, magistrates, and clerks of the peace.

[Short title.]

Duty to carry boats and other appliances for saving life.

Appointment of consultative committee for framing rules.

CHAPTER 23.

An Act to make better provision as to the appointment of deputies for Recorders, Stipendiary Magistrates, and Clerks of the Peace.

[10th August 1888.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) If at any time it appears to the authority having power to appoint a recorder or a stipendiary magistrate or a clerk of the peace for any place or county, that the recorder, magistrate, or clerk of the peace for that place or county is, by reason of illness, absence, or any other cause, incapable of appointing or removing a deputy, the authority may exercise that power on his behalf, and in so doing may assign out of his salary or stipend a suitable remuneration to any deputy appointed under the power.

(2.) Every deputy appointed under this section shall, during the time for which he is appointed, have all the powers and privileges and perform all the duties of the recorder, magistrate, or clerk of the peace for whom he is appointed.

2. This Act may be cited as the Recorders, Magistrates, and Clerks of the Peace Act, 1888.

CHAPTER 24.

An Act to amend the law with respect to the Appliances to be carried by British Merchant Ships for saving Life at Sea.

[10th August 1888.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. It shall be the duty of the owner and master of every British ship to see that his ship is provided, in accordance with rules under this Act, with such boats, life jackets, and other appliances for saving life at sea as, having regard to the nature of the service on which the ship is employed, and the avoidance of undue encumbrance of the ship’s deck, are best adapted for securing the safety of her crew and passengers.

2. — (1.) For the purpose of preparing and advising on rules to be made under this Act, the President of the Board of Trade shall immediately after the passing of this Act, and may from time to time, appoint a committee, the members of which shall be nominated by him in accordance with the First Schedule to this Act.

1888. Merchant Shipping (Life Saving Ch. 24. 147

Appliances) Act, 1888.

(2.) Each member of the committee shall hold office for two years from the date of his appointment, but shall be eligible for re-appointment.

(3.) There shall be paid to the members of the committee, out of the Mercantile Marine Fund, such travelling and other allowances as the Board of Trade from time to time may fix.

(4.) Her Majesty the Queen may from time to time, by Order in Council, alter the First Schedule to this Act.

3. — (1.) The Board of Trade may, from time to time, make. Power to make

rescind, and vary rules with respect to all or any of the matters (^c^jnt0 mentioned in the Second Schedule to this Act. appHancel

(2.) All rules made under this Act shall have effect as if they had been enacted in this Act, and shall be judicially noticed.

(3.) All rules made under this Act shall be laid before Parliament within three weeks after they are made, if Parliament be then sitting, and if Parliament be not sitting, within three weeks after the beginning of the then next meeting of Parliament, and shall not come into operation until they have lain for forty days before both Houses of Parliament during the session of Parliament.

4. — (1.) In any of the following cases, namely:— Penalty for

(a.) If any ship required by rules under this Act to be provided of

with appliances for saving life at sea proceeds on any voyage or excursion without being so provided, in accordance with the rules applicable to the ship; or

(6.) If any of the appliances with which she is so provided are lost or rendered unfit for service in the course of the voyage through the wilful fault or negligence of the owner or master; or

(c.) If, in case of any such appliances being lost or injured in the course of the voyage, the master wilfully neglects to replace or repair the same on the first opportunity; or

(<£.) If such appliances are not kept so as to be at all times fit and ready for use; then, if the owner appears to be in fault, he shall incur a penalty not exceeding one hundred pounds, and if the master appears to be in fault, he shall incur a penalty not exceeding fifty pounds.

(2.) Penalties incurred under this section may be recovered and dealt with in manner provided by the Merchant Shipping Act, 1854, 17 & 18 Vict, and the Acts amending the same with respect to penalties incurred °*104, under those Acts.

5. In order to enforce compliance with the rules made under this Provisions for

Act the following steps may be taken, namely:— enforcing

(a.) Any surveyor appointed under the Fourth Part of the rules‘ Merchant Shipping Act, 1854, or any such other person as the Board of Trade may appoint for the purpose, may inspect a ship for the purpose of seeing that the ship is properly provided with appliances for saving life at sea in pursuance of the rules, and shall for that purpose have all the powers given

148 Ch. 24. Merchant Shipping (Life Saving 51 & 52 Vict.

Appliances) Act, 1888.

to inspectors by section fourteen of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1854:

(b.) If any such surveyor or person finds that any ship is not so provided, he shall give to the master or owner notice in writing, pointing out the deficiency and also what is in his opinion requisite to remedy the same:

(c.) Every notice so given shall be communicated, in such manner as the Board of Trade may direct, to the collector of customs at any port in which the ship may seek to dear or at which her transire is to be obtained, and a collector to whom any such communication is made shall not clear a ship outwards or grant her a transire, or allow her to proceed to sea, without a certificate under the hand of one of the said surveyors or persons appointed by the Board of Trade as aforesaid, to the effect that the ship is properly provided with appliances for saving life at sea in pursuance of the rules.

Saving as to

sea-fishing

boats.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 45.

Saving as to offences under other law.

6. The rules made under this Act shall not apply to any sea-fishing boat which is for the time being registered in pursuance of the Sea Fisheries Act, 1868.

7. — (1.) Nothing in this Act shall prevent any person from being liable under any other Act, or otherwise, to any other or higher penalty or punishment than is provided for an offence by this Act.

Provided that a person shall not be punished twice for the same offence.

(2.) If the court before which a person is charged with an offence punishable by virtue of this Act thinks that proceedings ought to be taken against him for the offence under any other Act or otherwise, the court may adjourn the case to enable such proceedings to be taken.

Repeal.

Construction of Act.

8. As from the date at which the first rules made under this Act come into operation the enactments specified in the Third Schedule to this Act shall be repealed to the extent therein mentioned.

Provided that this repeal shall not affect —

(a.) the past operation of any enactment hereby repealed; nor (b.) anything duly done or suffered thereunder; nor (c.) any penalty, forfeiture, or punishment incurred in respect of any offence committed against any enactment hereby repealed; nor

(d.) any legal proceeding in respect of any such penalty, forfeiture, or punishment.

9. Expressions used in this Act shall have the same meaning as in the Merchant Shipping Act, 1854, and the Acts amending the same.

[Short title.]

10. This Act may be cited as the Merchant Shipping (Life Saving Appliances) Act, 1888.

1888.

Merchant Shipping (Life Saving

Appliances), 1888. Ch. 24.

149

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Constitution of the Committee.

(1.) Three shipowners selected by the Council of the Chamber of Shipping of the United Kingdom.

(2.) One shipowner selected by the Shipowners Associations of Glasgow, and one shipowner selected by the Liverpool Steamship Owners Association and the Liverpool Shipowners Association conjointly.

(3.) Two shipbuilders selected by the Council of the Institution of Naval Architects.

(4.) Three persons practically acquainted with the navigation of vessels selected by the shipmasters societies recognised by the President of the Board of Trade for this purpose.

(5.) Three persons being or having been able-bodied seamen selected by seamen's societies recognised by the President of the Board of Trade for this purpose.

(6.) Two persons selected conjointly by the Committee of Lloyd’s, the Committee of Lloyd’s Register Society, and the Committee of the Institute of London Underwriters.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Matters for which the Rules are to provide.

(1.) The arranging of British ships into classes, having regard to the services in which they are employed, to the nature and duration of the voyage, and to the number of persons carried.

(2.) The number and description of the boats, life-boats, life-rafts, lifejackets, and life-buoys to be carried by British ships, according to the class in which they are arranged, and the mode of their construction, also the equipments to be carried by the boats and rafts, and the methods to be provided to get the boats and other life-saving appliances into the water; such methods may include oil for use in stormy weather.

(3.) The quantity, quality, and description of buoyant apparatus to be carried on board ships carrying passengers, either in addition to or in substitution for boats, life-boats, life-rafts, life-jackets, and life-buoys.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Enactments repealed.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Extent of Repeal.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 104. Merchant Shipping Act, Sections two hundred and

1854. ninety-two, two hundred and ninety-three, and two hundred and ninety-four, except so far as they relate to sea-fishing boats registered in pursuance of the Sea Fisheries Act, 1868.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 119. Passengers Act, 1855 - Section twenty-seven from the beginning of the section to " immediate use at sea."

36 & 37 Vict. c. 85. - Merchant Shipping Act, 1873. Section fifteen.

Section 2.

Section 3.

Section 8.

150

Short title and construction.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 48.

Establishment of new Railway and Canal Commission.

Appointment and tenure of office of appointed Commissioners.

Appointment and attendance of ex officio Commissioners.

Ch. 25, Railway and Canal Traffic , 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

CHAPTER 25.

An Act for the better regulation of Railway and Canal Traffic, and for other purposes.

[10th August 1888.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888.

This Act shall be construed as one with the Regulation of Railways Act, 1873, and the Acts amending it; and those Acts and this Act may be cited together as the Railway and Canal Traffic Acts, 1873 and 1888.

PART I. — COURT AND PROCEDURE OF RAILWAY AND CANAL COMMISSIONERS.

Establishment of Railway and Canal Commission,

2. On the expiration of the provisions of the Regulation of Railways Act, 1873, with respect to the Commissioners therein mentioned, there shall be established a new Commission, styled the Railway and Canal Commission (in this Act referred to as the Commissioners), and consisting of two appointed and three ex officio Commissioners; and such Commission shall be a court of record, and have an official seal, which shall be judicially noticed. The Commissioners may act notwithstanding any vacancy in their body.

3. — (1.) The two appointed Commissioners may be appointed by Her Majesty at any time after the passing of this Act, and from time to time as vacancies occur.

(2.) They shall be appointed on the recommendation of the President of the Board of Trade, and one of them shall be of experience in railway business.

(3.) Section five of the Regulation of Railways Act, 1873, shall apply to each appointed Commissioner.

(4.) There shall be paid to each appointed Commissioner such salary not exceeding three thousand pounds a year as the President of the Board of Trade may, with the concurrence of the Treasury, determine.

(5.) It shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, if he think fit, to remove for inability or misbehaviour any appointed Commissioner.

4. — (1.) Of the three ex officio Commissioners of the Railway and Canal Commission one shall be nominated for England, one for Scotland, and one for Ireland; and an ex officio Commissioner shall not be required to attend out of the part of the United Kingdom for which he is nominated.

151

1888. Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888. Ch. 25.

(2.) The ©x officio Commissioner in each case shall be such judge of a superior court as —

(a.) in England the Lord Chancellor; and (6.) in Scotland the Lord President of the Court of Session; and (c.) in Ireland the Lord Chancellor of Ireland; may from time to time by writing under his hand assign, and such assignment shall be made for a period of not less than five years.

(3.) For the purpose of the attendance of the ex officio Commissioners, regulations shall be made from time to time by the Lord Chancellor, the Lord President of the Court of Session, and the Lord Chancellor of Ireland respectively, in communication with the ex officio Commissioners for England, Scotland, or Ireland, as the case may be, as to the arrangements for securing their attendance, as to the times and place of sitting in each case, and otherwise for the convenient and speedy hearing thereof.

5. — (1.) Subject to the provisions of this Act, and to general rules under this Act, the Commissioners may hold sittings in any part of the United Kingdom, in such place or places as may be most convenient for the determination of proceedings before them.

(2.) The central office of the Commissioners shall be in London, and the Commissioners when holding a public sitting in London shall hold the same at the Royal Courts of Justice, or at such other place as the Lord Chancellor may from time to time appoint.

(3.) Not less than three Commissioners shall attend at the hearing of any case, and the ex officio Commissioner shall preside, and his opinion upon any question which in the opinion of the Commissioners is a question of law shall prevail.

(4.) Save as aforesaid, section twenty-seven of the Regulation of Railways Act, 1873, shall apply, and any act may be done by any two Commissioners.

(5.) Every judge who may with his consent be assigned to hold the office of ex officio Commissioner shall attend to hear any cases before the Commission, which as ex officio Commissioner he is required to hear, when and as soon as the cases are ready to be heard, or as soon thereafter as reasonably may be; and any such judge shall be required to perform any of the other duties of a judge of a superior court only when his attendance on the Commission is not required.

(6.) If and when any judge who may be assigned to hold the office of ex officio Commissioner is temporarily unable to attend, the Lord Chancellor in England, the Lord President of the Court of Session in Scotland, and the Lord Chancellor in Ireland, may respectively nominate any judge of a superior court to sit as ex officio Commissioner in place of the judge who is so temporarily unable to attend as aforesaid, end the judge so nominated shall for the purpose of any case which he may hear be an ex officio Commissioner.

(7.) If the President of the Board of Trade is satisfied either of the inability of an appointed Commissioner to attend at the hearing of any case, or of there being a vacancy in the office, and in either

Sittings of Commissioners.

86 & 37 Vict. c. 48.

152

Ch. 25. Railway and Canal Traffic, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

case of the necessity of a speedy hearing of the case, he may appoint a temporary Commissioner to hear such case, and such Commissioner, for all purposes connected with such case, shall, until the final determination thereof, have the same jurisdiction and powers as if he were an appointed Commissioner. A temporary Commissioner shall be paid such sum by the Commissioner so unable to sit, or, if the office is vacant, out of the salary of the office, as the President of the Board of Trade may assign.

Appo«V»ent 6. On an address from both Houses of Parliament representing judge.tl0D that, regard being had to the duties imposed by this Act on the ex officio Commissioners, the state of business of the High Court in England requires the appointment of an additional judge of that court, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty to appoint an additional judge of such court, and from time to time, on a like address but not otherwise, to fill any vacancy in such judgeship, and the law relating to the appointment and qualification of the judges of such superior court, to their duties and tenure of office, to their precedence, salary and pension, and otherwise, shall apply to any judge so appointed under this section, and a judg£ so appointed under this section shall be attached to such division or branch of the court as Her Majesty may direct, subject to such power of transfer as may exist in the case of any other judge of such division or branch.

7. — (1.) Any of the following authorities, that is to say —

(a) any of the following local authorities, namely, any harbour board, or conservancy authority, the Common Council of the City of London, any council of a city or borough, any representative county body which may be created by an Act passed in the present or any future session of Parliament, any justices in quarter sessions assembled, the Commissioners of Supply of any county in Scotland, the Metropolitan Board of Works, or any urban sanitary authority not being a council as aforesaid, or any rural sanitary authority; or

(b) any such association of traders or freighters, or chamber of commerce or agriculture as may obtain a certificate from the Board of Trade that it is, in the opinion of the Board of Trade, a proper body to make such complaint,

may make to the Commissioners any complaint which the Commissioners have jurisdiction to determine, and may do so without proof that such authority is aggrieved by the matter complained of, and any of ouch authorities may appear in opposition to any complaint which the Commissioners have jurisdiction to determine in any case where such authority, or the persons represented by them, appear to the Commissioners to be likely to be affected by any determination of the Commissioners upon such complaint.

(2.) The Board of Trade may, if they think fit, require, as a condition of giving a certificate under this section, that security be given in such manner and to such amount as they think necessary, for any costs which the complainants may be ordered to pay or bear.

Provision for complaints by public authority in certain cases.

1888. Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888. Ch. 25. 153

(3.) Any certificate granted under this section shall, unless withdrawn, be in force for twelve months from the date on which it was given.

Jurisdiction.

8. There shall be transferred to and vested in the Commissioners jurisdiction all the jurisdiction and powers which at the commencement of this of Railway Act were vested in, or capable of being exercised by the Railway Commissioners, whether under the Regulation of Railways Act, to the Corn*- 1873, or any other Act, or otherwise, and any reference to the mission. Railway Commissioners in the Regulation of Railways Act, 1873,

or in any other Act, or in any document, shall, from and after the commencement of this Act, be construed to refer to the Railway and Canal Commission established by this Act.

9. Where any enactment in a special Act — Jurisdiction

(a) contains provisions relating to traffic facilities, undue pre- of Commis-

ference, or other matters mentioned in section two of the Actsr Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1854, or 17 & is Vict.

(b) requires a company to which this part of this Act applies c- 31* to provide any station, road, or other similar work for public accommodation, or

(c) otherwise imposes on a company to which this part of this Act applies any obligation in favour of the public or any individual,

or where any Act contains provisions relating to private branch railways or private sidings, the Commissioners shall have the like jurisdiction to hear and determine a complaint of a contravention of the enactment as the Commissioners have to hear and determine a complaint of a contravention of section two of the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1854, as amended by subsequent Acts.

10. Where any question or dispute arises, involving the legality jurisdiction of any toll, rate, or charge, or portion of a toll, rate, or charge, over tolls and charged or sought to be charged for merchandize traffic by a com- rate8’ pany to which this part of this Act applies, the Commissioners

shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine the same, and to enforce payment of such toll, rate, or charge, or so much thereof as the Commissioners decide to be legal.

11. Nothing in any agreement, whether made before or after the Jurisdiction passing of this Act, which has not been confirmed by Act or by the to traffic Board of Trade, or by the Commissioners under the Regulation of Jfthstanding" Railways Act, 1873, or this Act, shall render a company to which agreements* this part of this Act applies unable to afford, or shall authorise

such company to refuse, such reasonable facilities for traffic as may in the opinion of the Commissioners be required in the interests of the public, or shall prevent the Commissioners from making or enforcing any order with respect to such facilities.

12. Where the Commissioners have jurisdiction to hear and de- Power termine any matter, they may, in addition to or in substitution for

any other relief, award to any complaining party who is aggrieved mages‘ such damages as they find him to have sustained; and such award

154

No damages where rates published under certain conditions.

Orders on two or more companies.

Amendment of 36 & 37 Vict. c. 48. s. 8, as to references to arbitration.

Power to apportion expenses between railway

Ch. 25. Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

of damages shall be in complete satisfaction of any claim for damages, including repayment of overcharges, which, but for this Act, such party would have had by reason of the matter of complaint.

Provided that such damages shall not be awarded unless complaint has been made to the Commissioners within one year from the discovery by the party aggrieved of the matter complained of.

The Commissioners may ascertain the amount of such damages either by trial before themselves, or by directing an inquiry to be taken before one or more of themselves or before some officer of their court.

13. In cases of complaint of undue preference no damages shall be awarded if the Commissioners shall find that the rates complained of have, for the period during which such rates have been in operation, been duly published in the rate books of the railway company kept at their stations in accordance with section fourteen of the Regulation of Railways Act, 1873, as amended by this Act, unless and until the party complaining shall have given written notice to the railway company requiring them to abstain from or remedy the matter of complaint, and the railway company shall have failed, within a reasonable time, to comply with such requirements in such a manner as the Commissioners shall think reasonable.

14. The Commissioners may order two or more companies to which this part of this Act applies to carry into effect an order of the Commissioners, and to make mutual arrangements for that purpose, and may further order the companies or, in case of difference, any of them, to submit to the Commissioners for approval a scheme for carrying into effect the order, and when the Commissioners have finally approved the scheme, they may order each of the companies to do all that is necessary on the part and within the power of such company to carry into effect the scheme, and may determine the proportions in which the respective companies are to defray the expense of so doing, nnd may for the above purposes make, if they think fit, separate orders on any one or more of such companies.

Provided that nothing in this section shall authorise the Commissioners to require two companies to do anything which they would not have jurisdiction to require to be done if such two companies were a single company.

15. For the purposes of section eight of the Regulation of Railways Act, 1873, and any other enactment relating to the reference to the Railway Commission of any difference between companies which under the provisions of any general or special Act is required or authorised to be referred to arbitration, the provisions of any agreement confirmed or authorised by any such Act shall be deemed to be provisions of such Act.

16. — (1.) Where the Board of Trade or the Commissioners, in the exercise of any power given by any general or special Act, on application order a company t-o which this part of this Act applies,

1888. Railway and Canal Traffic, 1888. Ch. 25. 155

to provide a bridge, subway, or approach, or any work of a similar character, the Board of Trade or the Commissioners, as the case Xrks?D 8 ° may be, may require as a condition of making the order that an agreement to pay the whole or a portion of the expenses of complying with the order shall be entered into by the applicants or some of them, or such other persons as the Board of Trade or Commissioners think fit, and any of the following local authorities, namely, any sanitary authority, highway board, surveyor of highways acting with the consent of the vestry of his parish, or any other authority having power to levy rates, shall have power, if such authority think fit, to enter into any such agreement as is sanctioned by the Board of Trade or Commissioners for the purpose of the order.

(2.) In such case any question respecting the persons by whom or the proportions in which the expenses of complying with the order are to be defrayed may, on the application of any party to the application, or on a certificate of the Board of Trade, be determined by the Commissioners.

(3.) In this section the expression "parish " shall have the same meaning as the same expression has in the Acts relating to highways; and the expression "the consent of the vestry of his parish " shall, in any place where there is no vestry meeting, mean the consent of a meeting of inhabitants contributing to the highway rates, provided that the same notice shall have been given of such a meeting as would be required by law for the assembling of a meeting in vestry.

Appeals.

17. — (1.) No appeal shall lie from the Commissioners upon a Appeals on question of fact, or upon any question regarding the locus standi of c.ertain <lues‘ a complainant. STclUT

(2.) Save as otherwise provided by this Act, an appeal shall lie appeal, from the Commissioners to a superior court of appeal.

(3.) An appeal shall not be brought except in conformity with such rules of court as may from time to time be made in relation to such appeals by the authority having power to make rules of court for the superior court of appeal.

(4.) On the hearing of an appeal the court of appeal may draw all such inferences as are not inconsistent with the facts expressly found, and are necessary for determining the question of law, and shall have all such powers for that purpose as if the appeal were an appeal from a judgment of a superior court, and may make any order which the Commissioners could have made, and also any such further or other order as may be just, and the costs of and incidental to an appeal shall be in the discretion of the court of appeal, but no Commissioner shall be liable to any costs by reason or in respect of any appeal.

(5.) The decision of the superior court of appeal shall be final:

Provided that where there has been a difference of opinion between any two of such superior courts of appeal, any superior court of appeal in which a matter affected by such difference of opinion is

156

General powers and enforcement of orders.

Costs.

Power to make rules.

Appo'ntment of officers, clerks, &c.

Salaries, expenses,

Ch. 25. Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

pending may give leave to appeal to the House of Lords, on such terms as to costs as such court shall determine.

(6.) Save as provided by this Act, an order or proceeding of the Commissioners shall not be questioned or reviewed, and shall not be restrained or removed by prohibition, injunction, certiorari, or otherwise, either at the instance of the Crown or otherwise.

Supplemental.

18. — (1.) For the purposes of this Act the Commissioners shall have full jurisdiction to hear and determine all matters whether of law or of fact, and shall as respects the attendance and examination of witnesses, the production and inspection of documents, the enforcement of their orders, the entry on and inspection of property, and other matters neces3aiy or proper for the due exercise of their jurisdiction under this Act, or otherwise for carrying this Act into effect, have all such powers, rights, and privileges as are vested in a superior court: Provided that no person shall be punished for contempt of court, except with the consent of an ex officio Commissioner.

(2.) The Commissioners may review and rescind or vary any order made by them; but, save as is by this Act provided, every decision or order of the Commissioners shall be final.

19. The costs of and incidental to every proceeding before the Commissioners shall be in the discretion of the Commissioners, who may order by whom and to whom the same are to be paid, and by whom the same are to be taxed and allowed.

20. — (1.) The Commissioners may from time to time, with the approval of the Lord Chancellor and the President of the Board of Trade, make, rescind, and vary general rules for their procedure and practice under this Act, and generally for carrying into effect this part of this Act.

(2.) All rules made under this section shall be laid before Parliament within three weeks after they are made, if Parliament is then sitting, and if Parliament is not then sitting within three weeks after the beginning of the then next session of Parliament, and shall be judicially noticed, and shall have effect as if they were enacted by this Act

21. — (1.) There shall be attached to the Railway and Canal Commission such officers, clerks, and messengers as the Lord Chancellor, with the consent of the Treasury as to number, from time to time appoints.

(2.) There shall be paid to each of such officers, clerks, and messengers, such salaries as the Treasury from time to time determine.

22. The salaries of the appointed Commissioners, and of all officers, clerks, and messengers attached to the Railway and Canal Commission, and all the expenses of the said Commission of and incidental to the carrying out of this Act, shall be paid out of moneys to be provided by Parliament.

1888.

Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888. Ch. 25. 157

23. This part of this Act shall apply to any railway company, Company to and to any canal company, and to any railway and canal company. l-

PART II. — TRAFFIC.

24. — (1.) Notwithstanding any provision in any general or Revised special Act, every railway company shall submit to the Board of Trade a revised classification of merchandise traffic, and a revised schedule of schedule of maximum rates and charges applicable thereto, proposed rates, to be charged by such railway company, and shall fully state in such classification and schedule the nature and amounts of all terminal charges proposed to be authorised in respect of each class of traffic, and the circumstances under which such terminal charges are proposed to be made. In the determination of the terminal charges of any railway company regard shall be had only to the expenditure reasonably necessary to provide the accommodation in respect of which such charges are made, irrespective of the outlay which may have been actually incurred by the railway company in providing that accommodation.

(2.) The classification and schedule shall be submitted within six months from the passing of this Act, or such further time as the Board of Trade may, in any particular case, permit, and shall be published in such manner ns the Board of Trade may direct.

(3.) The Board of Trade shall consider the classification and schedule, and any objections thereto, which may be lodged with them on or before the prescribed time and in the prescribed manner, and shall communicate with the railway company and the persons (if any) who have lodged objections, for the purpose of arranging the differences which may have arisen.

(4.) If, after hearing all parties whom the Board of Trade consider to be entitled to be heard before them respecting the classification and schedule, the Board of Trade come to an agreement with the railway company as to the classification and schedule, they shall embody the agreed classification and schedule in a Provisional Order, and shall make a report thereon, to be submitted to Parliament, containing such observations as they think fit in relation to the agreed classification and schedule.

(5.) When any agreed classification and schedule have been embodied in a Provisional Order, the Board of Trade, as soon as they conveniently can after the making of the Provisional Order (of which the railway company shall be deemed to be the promoters), shall procure a Bill to be introduced into either House of Parliament for an Act to confirm the Provisional Order, which shall be set out at length in the schedule to the Bill.

(6.) In any case in which a railway company fails within the time mentioned in this section to submit a classification and schedule to the Board of Trade, and also in every case in which a railway company has submitted to the Board of Trade a classification and schedule, and after hearing all parties whom the Board of Trade consider to be entitled to be heard before them, the Board of Trade are unable to come to an agreement with the railway

158

Ch. 25. Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888. 51 & 52 VICT.

company as to the railway company’s classification and schedule, the Board of Trade shall determine the classification of traffic which, in the opinion of the Board of Trade, ought to be adopted by the railway company, and the schedule of maximum rates and charges, including all terminal charges proposed to be authorised applicable to such classification which would, in the opinion of the Board of Trade, be just and reasonable, and shall make a report, to be submitted to Parliament, containing such observations as they may think fit in relation to the said classification and schedule, and calling attention to the points therein on which differences which have arisen have not been arranged.

• (7.) After the commencement of the session of Parliament next after that in which the said report of the Board of Trade has been submitted to Parliament, the railway company may apply to the Board of Trade to submit to Parliament the question of the classification and schedule which ought to be adopted by the railway company, and the Board of Trade shall on such application, and in any case may, embody in a Provisional Order such classification and schedule as in the opinion of the Board of Trade ought to be adopted by the railway company, and procure a Bill to be introduced into either House of Parliament for an Act to confirm the Provisional Order, which shall be set out at length in the schedule to the Bill.

(8.) If, while any Bill to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under this section is pending in either House of Parliament, a petition is presented against the Bill or any classification and schedule comprised therein, the Bill, so far as it relates to the matter petitioned against, shall be referred to a Select Committee, or if the two Houses of Parliament think fit so to order, to a joint Committee of such Houses, and the petitioner shall be allowed to appear and oppose as in the case of a private Bill.

(9.) Iu preparing, revising, and settling the classifications and schedules of rates and charges, the Board of Trade may consult and employ such skilled persons as they may deem necessary or desirable; and they may pay to such persons such remuneration as they may think fit and as the Treasury may approve.

(10.) The Act of Parliament confirming any Provisional Order made under this section shall be a public general Act, and the rates and charges mentioned in a Provisional Order as confirmed by such Act shall, from and after the Act coming into operation, be the rates and charges which the railway company shall be entitled to charge and make.

(11.) At any time after the confirmation of any Provisional Order under this section any railway company may, and any person, upon giving not less than twenty-one days notice to the railway company may, apply in the prescribed manner to the Board of Trade to amend any classification and schedule by adding thereto any articles, matters, or things, and the Board of Trade may hear and determine such application, and classify and deal with the articles, matters, or things referred to therein in such manner as the Board of Trade shall think right. Every deter-

1888. Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888. Ch. 25. 159

mination of the Board of Trade under this sub-section shall forthwith be published in the " London Gazette, " and shall take effect as from the date of the publication thereof.

(12.) Nothing in this section shall apply to any remuneration payable by the Postmaster-General to any railway company for the conveyance of mails, letter b; igs, or parcels under any general or special Act relating to the conveyance of mails, or under the Post Office (Parcels) Act, 1882. 45 & 46 Vict.

(13.) Nothing in this section shall apply to any remuneration c- 74, payable by the Secretary of State for War to any railway company for the conveyance of War Office stores under the powers conferred by the Cheap Trains Act, 1883. 463* Vict *

25. Whereas by section two of the Railway and Canal Traffic Provisions a* Act, 1854, it is enacted that every railway company and canal J^j£°ugh company, and railway and canal company shall, according to their c* respective powers, afford ail reasonable facilities for the receiving and forwarding and delivering of traffic upon and from the several railways and canals belonging to or worked by such companies respectively, and for the return of carriages, trucks, boats, and other vehicles; and that no such company shall make or give any undue or unreasonable preference or advantage to or in favour of any particular person or company, or any particular description of traffic, in any respect whatsoever, or shall subject any particular person or company, or any particular description of traffic, to any undue or unreasonable prejudice or disadvantage in any respect whatsoever; and that every railway company and canal company and railway and canal company having or working railways or canals which form part of a continuous line of railway, or canal or railway and canal communication, or which have the terminus station or wharf of the one near the terminus station or wharf of the other, shall afford all due and reasonable facilities for receiving and forwarding by one of such railways or canals all the traffic arriving by the other, without any unreasonable delay, and without any such preference or advantage or prejudice or disadvantage as aforesaid, and so that no obstruction may be offered to the public desirous of using such railways or canals or railways and canals as a continuous line of communication, and so that all reasonable accommodation may by means of the railways and canals of the several companies be at all times afforded to the public in that behalf:

And whereas it is expedient to explain and amend the said enactment:

Be it therefore enacted, that —

Subject as herein-after mentioned, the said facilities to be so afforded are hereby declared to and shall include the due and reasonable receiving, forwarding, and delivering by every railway company and canal company and railway and canal company, at the request of any other such company, of through traffic to and from the railway or canal of any other such company at through rates, tolls, or fares (in this Act referred to as through rates); and also the due and reasonable

160

Ch. 25. Railway and Canal Traffic, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

receiving, forwarding, and delivering by every railway company and canal company and railway and canal company, at the request of any person interested in through traffic, of such traffic at through rates: Provided that no application shall be made to the Commissioners by such person until he has made a complaint to the Board of Trade under the provisions of this Act as to complaints to the Board of Trade of unreasonable charges, and the Board of Trade have heard the complaint in the manner herein provided.

Provided as follows:

(1.) The company or person requiring the traffic to be forwarded shall give written notice of the proposed through rate to each forwarding company, stating both its amount and the route by which the traffic is proposed to be forwarded; and when a company gives such notice it shall also state the apportionment of the through rate. The proposed through rate may be per truck or per ton:

(2.) Each forwarding company shall, within ten days, or such longer period as the Commissioners may from time to time by general order prescribe, after the receipt of such notice, by written notice inform the company or persons requiring the traffic to be forwarded, whether they agree to the rate and route; and if they object to either, the grounds of the objection:

(3.) If at the expiration of the prescribed period no such objection has been sent by any forwarding company, the rate shall come into operation at such expiration:

(4.) If an objection to the rate or route has been sent within the prescribed period, the matter shall be referred to the Commissioners for their decision:

(5.) If an objection be made to the granting of the rate or to the route, the Commissioners shall consider whether the granting of a rate is a due and reasonable facility in the interest of the public, and whether, having regard to the circumstances, the route proposed is a reasonable route, and shall allow or refuse the rate accordingly, or fix such other rate as may seem to the Commissioners just and reasonable:

(6.) Where, upon the application of a person requiring traffic to be forwarded, a through rate is agreed to by the forwarding companies, or is made by order of the Commissioners, the apportionment of such through rate, if not agreed upon between the forwarding companies, shall be determined by the Commissioners:

(7.) If the objection be only to the apportionment of the rate, the rate shall come into operation at the expiration of the prescribed period, but the decision of the Commissioners, as to its apportionment, shall be retrospective; in any other case the operation of the rate shall be suspended until the decision is given:

(8.) The Commissioners, in apportioning the through rate, shall take into consideration all the circumstances of the case.

1888.

Ch. 25.

1G1

Railway and Canal Traffic, 1888.

including any special expense incurred in respect of the construction, maintenance, or working of the route, or any part of the route, as well as any special charges which any company may have been entitled to make in respect thereof:

(9.) It shall not be lawful for the Commissioners in any case to compel any company to accept lower mileage rates than the mileage rates which such company may for the time being legally be charging for like traffic carried by a like mode of transit on any other line of communication between the same points, being the points of departure and arrival of the through route.

Where a railway company or canal company use, maintain, or work, or are party to an arrangement for using, maintaining, or working steam vessels for the purpose of carrying on a communication between any towns or jxjrts, the provisions of this section shall extend to such steam vessels, and to the traffic carried thereby.

When any company, upon written notice being given as aforesaid, refuses or neglects without reason to agree to the proposed through rates, or to the route, or to the apportionment, the Commissioners, if an order is made by them upon an application for through rates, may order the respondent company or companies to pay such costs to the applicants as they think fit.

26. Subject to the provisions in the last preceding section contained, the Commissioners shall have full power to decide that any proposed through rate is just and reasonable, notwithstanding that a lens amount may be allotted to any forwarding company out of such through rate than the maximum rate such company is entitled to charge, and to allow and apportion such through rate accordingly.

27. — (1.) Whenever it is shown that any railway company charge one trader or class of traders, or the traders in any district, lower tolls, rates, or charges for the same or similar merchandise, or lower tolls, rates, or charges for the same or similar services, than they charge to other traders, or classes of traders, or to the traders in another district, or make any difference in treatment in respect of any such trader or traders, the burden of proving that such lower charge or difference in treatment does not amount to an undue preference shall lie on the railway company.

(2.) In deciding whether a lower charge or difference in treatment does or does not amount to an undue preference, the court having jurisdiction in the matter, or the Commissioners, as the case may be, may, so far as they think reasonable, in addition to any other considerations affecting the case, take into consideration whether such lower charge or difference in treatment is necessary for the purpose of securing in the interests of the public the traffic in respect of which it is made, and whether the inequality cannot be removed without unduly reducing the rates charged to the complainant: Provided that no railway company shall make, nor shall the court, or the Commissioners, sanction any difference in the tolls, rates, or charges made for, or any difference in the treatment of, home and foreign merchandise, in respect of the same or similar services.

Powers of Commissioners as to through rates.

Undue pre-1 ference in case of unequal tolls, rates, and charges, and unequal services performed.

162

Extension of enactments as to undue preference to goods carried by sea.

Group rates to be chargeable by railway companies.

Power to dock companies and harbour hoards to complain of undue preference.

Ch. 25. Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

(3.) The court or the Commissioners shall have power to direct that no higher charge shall be made to any person for services in respect of merchandise carried over a less distance than is made to any other person for similar services in respect of the like description and quantity of merchandise carried over a greater distance on the same line of railway.

28. The provisions of section two of the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1854, and of section fourteen of the Regulation of Railways Act, 1873, and of any enactments amending and extending those enactments, shall apply to traffic by sea in any vessels belonging to or chartered or worked by any railway company, or in which any railway company procures merchandise to be carried, in the same manner and to the like extent as they apply to the land traffic of a railway company.

29. — (1.) Notwithstanding any provision in any general or special Act, it shall be lawful for any railway company, for the purpose of fixing the rates to be charged for the carriage of merchandise to and from any place on their railway, to group together any number of places in the same district, situated at various distances from any point of destination or departure of merchandise, and to charge a uniform rate or uniform rates of carriage for merchandise to and from all places comprised in the group from and to any point of destination or departure.

(2.) Provided that the distances shall not be unreasonable, and that the group rates charged and the places grouped together shall not be such as to create an undue preference.

(3.) Where any group rate exists or is proposed, and in any case where there is a doubt whether any rates charged or proposed to be charged by a mil way company may not be a contravention of section two of the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1854, and any Acts amending the same, the railway company may, upon giving notice in the prescribed manner, apply to the Commissioners, and the Commissioners may, after hearing the parties interested and any of the authorities mentioned in section seven of this Act, determine whether such group rate or any rate charged or proposed to be charged as aforesaid does or does not create an undue preference. Any persons aggrieved, and any of the authorities mentioned in section seven of this Act, may, at any time after the making of any order under this section, apply to the Commissioners to vary or rescind the order, and the Commissioners, after hearing all parties who are interested, may make an order accordingly.

30. Any port or harbour authority or dock company which shall have reason to believe that any railway company is by its rates or otherwise placing their port, harbour, or dock, at an undue disadvantage as compared with any other port, harbour, or dock to or from which traffic is or may be carried by means of the lines of the said railway company, either alone or in conjunction with those of other railway companies, may make complaint thereof to the Commissioners, who shall have the like jurisdiction to hear and

1888.

Ch. 25.

163

Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888.

determine the subject-matter of such complaint as they have to hear and determine a complaint of a contravention of section two of the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1854, as amended by subsequent Acts.

31. — (1.) Whenever any person receiving or sending or desiring Complaints to to send goods by any railway is of opinion that the railway company Qf0Q^e°afs^a<il is charging him an unfair or an unreasonable rate of charge, or is in ftbje chargeJ any other respect treating him in an oppressive or unreasonable by railway manner, such person may complain to the Board of Trade. companies

(2.) The Board of Trade, if they think that there is reasonable ground for the complaint, may thereupon call upon the railway company for an explanation, and endeavour to settle amicably the differences between the complainant and the railway company.

(3.) For the purpose aforesaid, the Board of Trade may appoint either one of their own officers or any other competent person to communicate with the complainant and the railway company, and to receive and consider such explanations and communications as may be made in reference to the complaint; and the Board of Trade may pay to such last-mentioned person such remuneration as they may think fit, and as may be approved by the Treasury.

(4.) The Board of Trade shall from time to time submit to Parliament reports of the complaints made to them under the provisions of this section, and the results of the proceedings taken in relation to such complaints, together with such observations thereon as the Board of Trade shall think fit.

(5.) A complaint under this section may be made to the Board of Trade by any of the authorities mentioned in section seven of this Act, in any case in which, in the opinion of any of such authorities, they or any traders or persons in their district are being charged unfair or unreasonable rates by a railway company; and all the provisions of this section shall apply to a complaint so made as if the same had been made by a person entitled to make a complaint under this section.

32. — (1.) The returns required of a railway company under section Annual return *, nine of the Railways Regulation Act, 1871, shall include such by railway statements as the Board of Trade may from time to time prescribe, com-iin such* and the forms referred to in that section may from time to time be statistic? as the altered by the Board of Trade in such manner as they think expe- Board of Trad dient for giving effect to this section, and the said section nine of the Railways Regulation Act, 1871, shall apply accordingly. c> 9 9 c ’

(2.) The Board of Trade may from time to time alter the times fixed by the said Act or by the Railways Regulation Act (Returns 36 & 37 Vict, of Signal Arrangements, Workings, &c..), 1873, for the forwarding c* 76. of any of the returns required by the said Act or this Act.

33. — (1.) The book, tables, or other document in use for the Classification time being containing the general chissification of merchandise carried on the railway of any company, shall, during all reasonable spection.1" hours, be open to the inspection of any person without the pay- Copies to be ment of any fee at every station at which merchandise is received sold* for conveyance, or where merchandise is received at some other

164

36 & 37 Vict. c. 48.

Ch. 25. Railway and Canal Traffic , 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

place than a station then at the station nearest such place, and the said book, tables, or other document as revised from time to time shall be kept on sale at the principal office of the company at a price not exceeding one shilling.

(2.) Printed copies of the classification of merchandise traffic, and schedule of maximum tolls, rates, and charges of every railway company authorised, as provided by this Act, shall be kept for sale by the railway company at such places and at such reasonable price ns the Board of Trade may by any general or special order prescribe.

(3.) The company shall within one week after application in writing made to the secretary of any railway company by any person interested in the carriage of any merchandise which has been or is intended to be carried over the railway of such company, render an account to the person so applying in which the charge made or claimed by the company for the carriage of such merchandise shall be divided, and the charge for conveyance over the railway shall be distinguished from the terminal charges (if any), and from the dock charges (if any), and if any terminal charge or dock charge is included in such account the nature and detail of the terminal expenses or dock charges in respect of which it is made shall be specified.

(4.) Every railway company shall publish at every station at which merchandise is received for conveyance, or where merchandise is received at some other place than a station then at the station nearest to such place, a notice, in such form as may be from time to time prescribed by the Board of Trade, to the effect that such book, tables, and document touching the classification of merchandise and the rates as they are required by this section and section fourteen of the Regulation of Railways Act, 1873, to keep at that station, are open to public inspection, and that information as to any charge can be obtained by application to the secretary or other officer at the address stated in such notice.

(5.) Where a railway company carries merchandise partly by land and paitly by sea, all the books, tables, and documents, touching the rates of charge of the railway company, which are kept by the railway company at any port in the United Kingdom used by the vessels which carry the sea traffic of the railway company, shall, besides containing all the rates charged for the sea traffic, state what proportion of any through rate is appropriated to conveyance by sea, distinguishing such proportion from that which is appropriated to the conveyance by land on either side of the sea.

(6.) Where a railway company intend to make any increase in the tolls, rates, or charges published in the books required to be kept by the company for public inspection, under section fourteen of the Regulation of Railways Act, 1873, or this Act, they shall give by publication in such manner as the Board of Trade may prescribe at least fourteen days notice of such intended increase, stating in such notice the date on which the altered rate or charge is to take effect; and no such increase in the published tolls, rates.

1888.

165

Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888. Ch. 25.

or charges of the railway company shall have effect unless and until the fourteen days notice required under this section has been given.

(7.) Any company failing to comply with the provisions of this section shall, for each offence, and in the case of a continuing offence for every day during which the offence continues, be liable, on summary conviction, to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

34. When traffic is received or delivered at any place on any railway other than a station within the meaning of section fourteen of the Regulation of Railways Act, 1873, the railway company on whose line such place is shall keep at the station nearest such place a book or books showing every rate for the time being charged for the carriage of traffic other than passengers and their luggage from such place to any place to which they book, including any rates charged under any special contract, and stating the distance from that place of every station, wharf, siding, or place to which such rate is charged.

Every such book shall, during all reasonable hours, be open to the inspection of any person without the payment of a fee.

35. — (1.) The Board of Trade may from time to time make, rescind, and vary rules with respect to the following matters:—

(a.) The form and manner in which classifications and schedules under this part of this Act are to be prepared and submitted to the Board of Trade and to Parliament, and the publication, advertisement, and settlement (by the Board of Trade) of such classifications and schedules, and of Provisional Orders;

(6.) All proceedings before the Board of Trade under this part of this Act;

(c.) The fees to be paid in respect of such proceedings; and

(d.) Any matter authorised by this Act to be prescribed.

(2.) Any rules made by the Board of Trade in pursuance of this section shall be laid before Parliament within three weeks after they are made, if Parliament be then sitting, and if Parliament be not then sitting, within three weeks after the beginning of the then next session of Parliament, and shall be judicially noticed, and shall have effect as if they were enacted by this Act.

PART III. — CANALS.

36. All the provisions of Part IL of this Act relating to any railway compnnv shall, so far as applicable, apply to every canal company, and to every railway and canal company; and in Part II. of this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, the expression "railway company " shall include a canal company and railway and cmal company, and the expression "railway " shall include a canal, and the expression "rate "shall include tolls and dues of every description chargeable for the use of any canal or by any canal company.

37. — (1.) Section fifteen of the Regulation of Railways Act, 1873, shall apply to the terminal charges of a canal company.

Place of publication of rates in respect of traffic at places other than stations.

Power to make rules for purposes of Part II. of Act.

Part II. to extend to canal companies.

Application of 36 & 37 Vict. c. 48. to canals.

10G Ch. 25. Railway and Canal Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

(2.) The Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1854, as amended by the Regulation of Railways Act, 1873, shall extend to any person whose consent is required to any variation of the rates, tolls, or dues charged for the use of any canal, or by any canal company, in like manner as if such person were a canal company, and the expressions "canal company " and " railway and canal company " in the said Acts and this Act shall be construed accordingly to include such person.

(3.) The provisions of the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1854, and the Regulation of Railways Act, 1873, with respect to rates, shall apply to tolls and dues of every description chargeable for the use of any canal or by any canal company. And nothing in any agreement, whether made before or after the passing of this Act, and whether confirmed by Act of Parliament or not, and nothing in this Act shall prevent the Commissioners from making or enforcing any order for a through rate or toll which may in their opinion be required in the interest of the public.

(4.) Any company allowing traffic to pass from a canal on to any other canal or any railway, or from a railway on to a canal, shall be deemed to be a forwarding company, and the allowing of traffic so to pass shall be deemed to be the forwarding of traffic within the meaning of the above-mentioned Acts.

(5.) The provisions of the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1854, and of the Regulation of Railways Act, 1873, and of this Act, with respect to through rates, shall extend to any canals which, in connexion with any river or other waterway, form part of a continuous line of water communication, notwithstanding that tolls may not be leviable by authority of Parliament upon such river or other waterway.

Powers of 38. Where a railway company, or the directors or officers of a

SverScanal ra^way company, or any of them or any persons on their behalf, tolls rates, and have the control over, or the right to interfere in or concerning the charges where traffic conveyed, or the tolls, rates, or charges levied on the traffic liaiQllw jtsC°m* or f()r conveyance of merchandise on a canal, or any part of officer Town a canal, and it is proved to the satisfaction of the Commissioners or control the that the tolls, rates, or charges levied on the traffic of or for the camd of a conveyance of merchandise on the canal are such as are calculated to divert the traffic from the canal to the railway, to the detriment of the canal or persons sending traffic over the canal or other canals adjacent to it —

(1.) The Commissioners may, on the application of any person interested in the traffic of the canal, make an order requiring the tolls, rates, and charges levied on the traffic of or for the conveyance of merchandise on the canal, to be altered and adjusted in such a manner that the same shall be reasonable as compared with the rates and charges for the conveyance of merchandise on the railway:

(2.) If within such time as maybe prescribed by the order of the Commissioners, the tolls, rates, and charges levied on the traffic of or for the conveyance of merchandise on the canal are not altered and adjusted os required by such order, the

1888.

Ch. 25.

167

Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888.

Commissioners may themselves by an order make such alterations in and adjustment of the tolls, iates, and charges levied on the traffic of or for the conveyance of merchandise on the canal as they shall think just and reasonable, and the tolls, rates, and charges as altered and adjusted by the order of the Commissioners shall be binding on the company or persons owning or having the control over the traffic of, or the tolls, rates, and charges levied on the traffic of, or for the conveyance of merchandise on the canal:

(3.) No application shall be made to the Commissioners under this section until the Board of Trade have certified that the applicant is a fit person to make the application, and that the application is a proper one to be submitted for the adjudication of the Commissioners; and no order shall be made by the Commissioners under this section unless notice of the application has been served upon such company and persons, and in such manner as the Board of Trade may direct:

(4.) The Commissioners may at any time, upon the application of any company or person affected by any order made under this section, and after notice to and hearing such companies and persons as the Commissioners may by any general rules or special order prescribe, rescind or vary any order made under this section.

39. — (1.) Every canal company shall, on or before the first day Returns by of January in every year, beginning on the first day of January canal com-next after the passing of this Act, send to the registrar of joint iamcs' stock companies a return stating the name of the company, a short description of their canal, the name of their principal officer, and the

place of their office, or, if they have more than one office, of their principal office.

(2.) Every canal company shall within such time as may be prescribed by the Board of Trade, and afterwards from time to time whenever required by the Board of Trade, not being oftener than once in every year, forward to the Board of Trade in such form and manner as the Board may from time to time prescribe, such returns as the Board of Trade may require for the purpose of showing the capacity of such canal for traffic, and the capital, revenue, expenditure, and profits of the canal company.

(3.) When the canal of a canal company, or any part thereof, is intended to be stopped for more than two days, the company Fthall report to the Board of Trade, stating the time during which such stoppage is intended to last, and when the same is reopened the company shall so report to the Board of Trade.

(4.) A company failing to comply with this section shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding five pounds for every day during which their default continues, and any director, manager, and officer of the company who knowingly and wilfully authorises or permits the default shall be liable, on summary conviction, to the like fine.

40. — (1.) Every canal company shall, before such date as the Byelaws of Board of Trade may prescribe, forward to the Board of Trade true ^?C01U '

168

Ch. 25. Railway and Canal Traffic, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

copies, certified in such manner as the Board of Trade direct, of any byelaws (r regulations of such company which are in force at the commencement of this Act; and the byelaws of any canal company, copies of which are not forwarded to the Board of Trade as provided by this section, shall from and after the said date cease to have any operation, save in so far as any penalty may have been already incurred under the same.

(2.J A byelaw or regulation of any canal company hereafter to be made under any power which has before or at the time of the passing of this Act been, or which may hereafter be, conferred on any canal company, shall not have any force or effect until two months after a true copy of such byelaw or regulation, certified in such manner as the Board of Trade direct, has been forwarded to the Board of Trade, unless the Board of Trade before the expiration of such period have signified their approbation thereof.

(3.) The Board of Trade may, at any time after any existing or future byelaws or regulations of a canal company have been forwarded to them, notify to the company their disallowance thereof, or of any of them, and in case such byelaws or regulations arc in force at the time of the disallowance, the time at which the said byelaws or regulations shall cease to be in force. A byelaw or regulation disallowed by the Board of Trade shall not after such disallowance have any force or effect whatever, save (as regards any byelaw or regulation which may be in force at the time of the disallowance thereof) in so far as any penalty may lave been then already incurred under the same.

(4.) The Board of Trade may from time to time make, rescind, and vary such regulations as they think fit with respect to the publication by canal companies of their byelaws and regulations, and with respect to the publication by canal companies of their intention to apply to the Board of Trade for the allowance of any intended byelaws and regulations. Any regulations so made which are for the time being in force shall have effect as if they had been enacted in this Act.

Inspection of canals.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 78.

Misapplication of a railway

company’s funds for acquisition of unauthorised interest in canal.

41. Whenever the Board of Trade are, through their officets or otherwise, informed that the works of any canal are in such a condition as to be dangerous to the public, or to cause serious inconvenience or hindrance to traffic, the Board of Trade may direct such officer or other person as they appoint for the purpose to inspect the said canal and report thereon to the Board of Trade, and for the purpose of making any inspection under (his section the officer or person appointed for the purpose shall, in relation to the canal or works to be inspected, have all the powers of an inspector appointed under the Regulation of Railways Act, 1871.

42. — (1.) No railway company, or director, or officer of a railway company shall, without express statutory authority, apply or use or authorise or permit the application or use of any part of the company’s funds for the purpose of acquiring either in the name of the railway company, or of any director or officer of the railway company, or other peison, any canal interest, or of

1888.

Ch. 25.

169

Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888.

enabling any director or officer of the railway company, or other person, to purchase or acquire any canal interest, or of guaranteeing or repaying to any director or officer of the railway company or other person who has purchased or acquired any canal interest the sums of money expended or liability incurred by such director, officer, or person, in the purchase or acquisition of such canal interest, or any part of such money or liability.

(2.) In the event of any contravention of the provisions of this section, the canal interest purchased in such contravention shall be forfeited to the Crown, and the directors or officers of the company who so applied or used, or authorised or permitted such application or use of the company’s funds, shall be liable to repay to the company the sums so applied or used and the value of the canal interest so forfeited; and proceedings to compel such repayment may be taken by any shareholder in the company.

(3.) In this section the expression "company’s funds" means the corporate funds of any railway company, and includes any funds which are under the control of or administered by a railway company; the expression "officern includes any person having any control over a company’s funds or any part thereof; and the expression "canal interest" means shares in the capital of a canal company, and includes any interest of any kind in a canal company or canal.

43. — (1.) Any canal company may make nnd enter into contracts Canal com-and arrangements with any other canal company or canal com- paniesmay panies for the passage over and along their respective canals, or JhroughrtoiN any of them, of boats, barges, vessels, and other through traffic, &c. and for the use, by such traffic, of the wharves, landing places, and other works of any such caned, upon payment of such through tolls, rates, and charges, and subject to such conditions and restrictions as may be agreed upon between such companies; and for the collection and recovery by any one of the companies on behalf of themselves and the other companies interested of the tolls, rates, and charges payable in respect of such through traffic; and for the division and apportionment of the tolls, rates, and charges; and any such contract may contain provisions for the erection and maintenance of or otherwise for providing warehouses, offices, and other buildings and conveniences, and any other provisions for the purpose of carrying into effect any such arrangement, and any company may apply their funds or moneys for the same purpose.

(2.) Notwithstanding any enactments providing for the charge of equal tolls, rates, and charges, such through tolls, rates, and charges as above mentioned may respectively be computed at a lower toll or rate per mile than the tolls, rates, or charges charged for the passage over and along the same canals of like traffic, not being through traffic, without necessitating or occasioning any reduction of the last-mentioned tolls, rates, or charges.

(3.) Any like contracts and arrangements existing at the passing of this Act shall be, and from the respective dates of the making thereof shall be deemed to have been, as valid as if the same had been made after the commencement of this Act.

170

Canal companies may establish clearing system.

13 & 14 Vict. c. xxxiii.

Abandonment of canal.

Ch. 25. Railway and Canal Traffic, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

44. For the purpose of facilitating through traffic upon canals, any canal companies upon whose canals through tolls, rates, or charges may be in operation, may establish a canal clearing system, on such principles, in such manner, and subject to such regulations as to the admission of other companies to such system, the retirement of members, the appointment of a committee to conduct the business of the system, and of a secretary or other necessary officers, the mode of conducting business, and such other regulations for carrying into effect such system as may from time to time be approved by the Board of Trade in writing under the hand of the secretary or one of the assistant secretaries of that Board; and any company may apply any funds or money belonging to them for the purpose of establishing or carrying into effect any such system, and the provisions of sections eleven to twenty-six inclusive of the Railway Clearing Act, 1850, shall, mutatis mutandis, apply to any canal clearing system when so established.

45. — (1.) Where, on the application of a canal company, it appears to the Board of Trade that any canal or part of a canal belonging to the applicants (herein-after referred to as an unnecessary canal) is at the time of making the application unnecessary for the purposes of public navigation, or where, on the application of any local authority, or of three or more owners of lands adjoining or near to any canal or part of a canal, it appears to the Board of Trade that that canal or part of a canal (herein-after referred to as a derelict canal) has for at least three years previously to the making of the application been disused for navigation, or, by reason of the default of the proprietors thereof, has become unfit for navigation, or that the lands ad joining or near thereto have suffered injury by water that has escaped from the derelict canal, and that the proprietors of the derelict canal decline or are unable to effect the repairs necessary to prevent further injury, the Board of Trade may by warrant signed by their secretary authorise the abandonment by the existing proprietors of such unnecessary canal or such derelict canal, and after the granting of the warrant, and the due publication as required by the Board of Trade of a notice of the granting thereof, the Board of Trade may make an order releasing the canal comj anj' or other the proprietors of the unnecessary or derelict canal from all liability to maintain the same canal, and from all statutory and other obligations in respect thereof, or of or consequent on the abandonment thereof.

(2.) In the case of an unnecessary canal no warrant of abandonment shall be granted unless the Board of Trade are satisfied —

(a.) That it is unnecessary for the purposes of public navigation; (b.) That the application has been expressly authorised by a resolution of a majority of the shareholders of the canal company owning the canal present and voting at an extraordinary or special general meeting of that company;

(c.) That such public and other notices of the application have been given as the Board of Trade may require;

(c£) That compensation (the amount thereof to be determined in case of difference as the Board of Trade may prescribe)

171

1888. Railway and Canal Traffic , 1888. Ch. 25.

has been made to all persons entitled to compensation by reason of the proposed abandonment of the canal.

(3.) In the case of a derelict canal the warrant may be granted on the condition that the canal or any part thereof, with all or any of the powers relating thereto, be transferred to any person, body of persons, or local authority, and where any such condition is imposed the Board of Trade may, if they think fit, frame and embody in a Provisional Order a scheme for the management of the canal or any part thereof.

(4.) The Provisional Order may provide for the constitution of a body to manage the canal or any part thereof, for the transfer to that body or any local authority of the canal or any part thereof, and ol all or any of the powers relating thereto, for the limitation or discharge of any liabilities affecting the canal or the owners thereof for the time being, and for any other matters which may appear to the Board of Trade to be necessary or proper for carrying this section into effect.

(5.) The Board of Trade may submit to Parliament for confirmation any Provisional Order made by it in pursuance of this section, but any such order shall be of no force unless and until it is confirmed by Act of Parliament.

(6.) If while the Bill confirming any such order is pending in either House of Parliament, a petition is presented against any order comprised therein, the Bill, so far as it relates to the order, may be referred to a select committee, and the petitioner shall be allowed to appear and oppose as in the case of private Bills.

(7.) In this section the expression "local authority" means any one of the local authorities mentioned in section seven of this Act.

(8.) For the purpose of giving effect to the provisions of this section, the Board of Trade may require the applicants to furnish any evidence in their possession or under their control relative to the application, and may at the expense of the applicants appoint and send an officer to inspect the canal referred to in the application, and to obtain information and evidence in the neighbourhood thereof relative to the proposed abandonment, and may from time to time make regulations as to the mode of making applications, and the nature and mode of publication of notices, and generally as to the conduct of proceedings.

46. In this part of this Act the expression "canal company " shall include a " railway and canal company, " so far as relating to any canal of any such last-mentioned company.

PART IV. — MISCELLANEOUS.

47. So much of the Regulation of Railways Act, 1873, as limits the time during which that Act shall continue in force shall, save so far as it relates to the appointment of the Commission, be repealed, and the said Act, save as aforesaid, shall be perpetual.

48. On any rating appeal, and before any court, where it may be material to show the receipts or profits of a railway company or canal company, or railway and canal company, it shall be lawful

Definition of " canal company."

Perpetuation of 36 & 37 Vict. c. 48.

Evidence on rating appeals

172

Recovery and application of penalties.

Parties may appear in person or by counsel, &c.

Parliamentary agents entitled to practise before Commissioners.

Saving of powers conferred on Commissioners and Board of Trade.

Proceedings of Board of Trade.

Expenses of local authorities.

Ch. 25. Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

for the company to prove the same by written statements or returns verified by the affidavit or statutory declaration of the manager or other responsible officer, and any such statements or returns shall be prim a facie evidence of the facts therein stated with respect to such receipts or profits: Provided that the person by whom any such affidavit or statutory declaration is made shall in every case, if required, attend to be cross-examined thereon.

49. Every penalty recoverable on summary conviction under this Act may be prosecuted and recovered in the manner directed by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts before a court of summary jurisdiction.

50. In any proceedings under this Act any party may appear before the Commissioners either by himself in person or by counsel or solicitor.

51. Any person who shall be certified by the Chairman of Committees of the House of Lords or the Speaker of the House of Commons to have practised for two years before the passing of this Act in promoting or opposing Bills in Parliament shall be entitled to practise in any proceedings under this Act as an attorney or agent before the Commissioners:Provided that every such person so practising as aforesaid shall, in respect of such practice and everything relating thereto, be subject to the jurisdiction and orders of the Commissioners, and further provided that no such |)erson shall practise as aforesaid until his name shall have been entered in a roll t<> be made and kept, and which is hereby authorised to be made and kept, by the Commissioners.

52. The powers and jurisdiction conferred by this Act on the Commissioners or Board of Trade shall be in addition to and not in substitution for any powers and jurisdiction vested in the Commissioners or Board of Trade by any statute.

53. — (1.) All documents purporting to be rules, orders, or certificates made or issued by the Board of Trade, and to be sealed with the seal of the Board, or to be signed by a secretary or assistant secretary of the Board, or any person authorised in that behalf by the President of the Board, shall be received in evidence, and deemed to be such orders, rules, or certificates without further proof, unless the contrary is shown.

(2.) A certificate signed by the President of the Board of Trade that any order made, certificate issued, or act done, is the order, certificate, or act of the Board of Trade, shall be conclusive evidence of the fact so certified.

54. — (1.) Where any local authority having power under this Act to make or oppose any complaint to the Commissioners, or the Board of Trade, or to enter into any agreement to pay the whole or a portion of the expenses of complying with an order of the Commissioners or the Board of Trade, or to make any application for the abandonment or acquisition of a canal under this Act, incur any expenses in or incidental to such complaint, opposition, agreement, or application, such expenses may be defrayed out of the

1888.

Ch. 25.

173

Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888.

rates or funds out of which the expenses incurred by such authority in the execution of their ordinary duties are defrayed, and it’ such authority is a rural sanitary authority in England, shall be defrayed as general expenses, unless the Local Government Board direct that they shall be. defrayed as special expenses.

(2.) A local authority may enter into any contract involving the payment by themselves and their successors of any expenses authorised by this section to be defrayed.

(3.) Where any such local authority have no power to borrow money for the purpose of defraying any expenses authorised by this section, such authority, if other than a surveyor of highways, may, with the consent of the Board of Trade in the case of any harbour board or conservancy authority, and with the consent of the Local Government Board in the case of any other authority, borrow money in manner provided by the Local Loans Act, 1875, on the 88 & 39 Vict, security of the rates or funds out of which the expenses are c-83-authorised to be defrayed, and the prescribed period for the loan shall be such period as the Board giving such consent may approve.

(4.) On the request of any board whose consent is required for such loan, the Board of Trade or Commissioners shall certify such particulars respecting the amount of the said expenses and the propriety of incurring the same and of borrowing for the payment thereof as may be requested by such board.

(5.) In Ireland, any authority borrowing in pursuance of this section may borrow in manner provided by the Public Health 4i& 42 Vict 42 Vict. (Ireland) Act, 1878, in like manner as if the provisions of that Act c* 5a* with respect to borrowing were re-enacted in this section, and in terms made applicable thereto.

55. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, — Definitions.

Terms defined by the Regulation of Railways Act, 1873, have the meanings thereby assigned to them:

The term "conservancy authority" means any persons who are otherwise than for private profit intrusted with the duty or invested with the power of conserving, maintaining, or improving the navigation of any tidal or inland water or navigation:

The term "harbour board" means an}r persons who are otherwise than for private profit intrusted with the duty or invested with the power of constructing, improving, managing, regulating, and maintaining a harbour, whether natural or artificial, or any dock:

The term "Lord Chancellor" means the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain:

The term "undue preference " includes an undue preference, or an undue or unreasonable prejudice or disadvantage, in any respect, in favour of or against any person or particular class of persons or any particular description of traffic:

The terra " terminal charges" includes charges in respect of stations, sidings, wharves, depots, warehouses, cranes, and other similar matters, and of any services rendered thereat:

174

27 & 28 Vict. c. 53.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 24.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 93.

[Commencement of Act.]

Fending business.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 48.

Transfer oi pending business from superior courts.

Ch. 25. Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888. 51 is 52 Vict.

The term "merchandise " includes goods, cattle, live stock, and animals of all descriptions:

The term "trader " includes any person sending, receiving, or desiring to send merchandise by railway or canal:

The term '* home, " in relation to merchandise, includes the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and the Isle of Man:

The term "rating appeal" means an appeal against any valuation list or against any poor rate or any other local rate:

The term "Summary Jurisdiction Acts" in Scotland means the Summary Procedure Act, 18G4, the Summary Jurisdiction (Process) Act, 1881, and any Act or Acts amending the same; and in Ireland, within the police district of Dublin metropolis, the Acts regulating the powers and duties of justices of the peace for such district, or of the police of such district, and elsewhere, the Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, and any Act amending the same:

The term "superior court " means, as regards England, the High Court of Justice, as regards Scotland, the Court of Session, and as regards Ireland, the High Court of Justice:

The term "superior court of appeal " means, as regards England, Her Majesty's Court of Appeal; as regards Scotland, the Court of Session in either division of the Inner House; and as regards Ireland, Her Majesty's Court of Appeal:

The term "rules of court " means, as regards Scotland, acts of sederunt.

In the application of this Act to Ireland, the expression "council of a borough " includes town or township commissioners, and any reference to justices in quarter sessions shall be construed to refer to a grand jury; and any reference to the Local Government Board or to an urban or rural sanitary authority, shall be construed to refer to the Local Government Board for Ireland, and to an urban or rural sanitary authority in Ireland.

56. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine, which day is in this Act referred to as the commencement of this Act: Provided that at any time after the passing of this Act any appointment and rules may be made, and other things done for the purpose of bringing this Act into operation at such commencement.

57. Subject to general rules to be made under this Act, all proceedings which, at the commencement of this Act, under the Regulation of Railways Act, 1873, and Acts amending it, or under any other Acts, are pending before the Railway Commissioners, shall be transferred to the Railway and Canal Commission under this Act, and may thereupon be continued and concluded in all respects as if such proceedings had been originally instituted before that Commission.

58. Every action or proceeding which might have been brought before the Railway Commissioners if this Act had been in force at the time when such action or proceeding was begun, and is at the commencement of this Act pending before any superior court,

1888.

Ch. 25.

175

Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888.

may, upon the application of either party, be transferred by any judge of such superior court to the Railway and Canal Commissioners under this Act, and may thereupon be continued and concluded in all respects as if such action or proceeding had been originally instituted before that Commission:Provided that no such transfer, nor anything herein contained, shall vary or affect the rights or liabilities of any party to such action or proceeding.

59. — (I.) The enactments mentioned in the schedule to this Act Repeal, are hereby repealed to the extent therein specifier].

(2.) The repeal effected by this Act shall not affect —

(a.) Anything done or suffered before the commencement of this Act under any enactment repealed by this Act, or the expiration of any office which would otherwise have expired by virtue of any enactment repealed by this Act; nor (b.) Any right or privilege acquired, or duty imposed, or liability or disqualification incurred, under any enactment so repealed; nor

(c.) Any fine, forfeiture, or other punishment incurred or to be incurred in respect of any offence committed or to be committed against any enactment so repealed; nor (d.) The institution or continuance of any proceeding or other remedy, whether under any enactment so repealed, or otherwise, for ascertaining or enforcing any such liability or disqualification, or enforcing or recovering any such fine, forfeiture, or punishment as aforesaid.

SCHEDULE.

Acts Repealed.

Xote. — A description or citation in this schedule of a portion of an Act is Section 59. inclusive of the words, section, or other part first and last mentioned, or otherwise referred to as forming the beginning or as forming the end of the portion described in the description or citation.

Session and Chapter of Act.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 31. -31 & 32 Vict. c. 119.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 48.

The Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1854.

The Regulation of Railways Act, 1868.

The Regulation of Railways Act, 1873.

Section four and section five.

Section sixteen, paragraph two, from " The provisions of" to the end of the section.

Section three, from " The term superior court’" to the end of the section, section four, section eleven, section twelve, section thirteen, section twenty - one, section

twenty - two, section

twenty - three, section

twenty - four, section

twenty - five, section

176

Ch. 25, 26. Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888. 51 & 52 VICT.

Session and Chapter of Act.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 48 — cont.

37 & 38 Vict c. 40.

twenty-six from the words "The Comtnis-j sioners may review" to the end of the section r section twenty-eight, section twenty-nino, section thirty-four, and section I thirty-seven.

The Beard of Trade ' Section eight, from "and Arbitrations, &c. Act, shall continue in force " 1874. I to " expiration."

CHAPTER 20.

An Act to apply the sum of twenty million sir hundred and ninety-three thousand three hundred and seventy-five pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine.

[10th August 1888.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Issue of 20, 693, 875/. out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the year ending 31st March 1889.

Power to the Treasury to borrow.

1, The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time being may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thii ty-fin>t day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine the sum of twenty million six hundred and ninety-three thousand three hundred and seventy-five pounds.

2. The Commissioners of the Treasury may borrow from time to time on the credit of the said sum any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of twenty million six hundred and ninety-three thousand three hundred and sevtnty-five pounds, and shall repay the moneys so borrowed with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum out of the growing produce of the

1888. Consolidated Fund (No. 3) Act, 1888. Ch. 26, 27, 28. 177

Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any sums so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of Her Majety's Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

[Short title.]

3. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 3) Act,

1888.

CHAPTER 27.

An Act to amend the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Ireland), 1877.

[10th August 1888.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Supreme Court of Judicature Short title and (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1888, and shall be construed together con?truction-with the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Ireland), 1877, herein- 40 & 41 Vict. after called the principal Act. c- 57-

2. — (1.) In all cases of appeals to the Court of Appeal under the )Vrits to he Registration of Voters Acts, and in any other case within the juris- of A?iaiCourt diction of the Court not otherwise provided for, that Court, for all the purposes of and incidental to the hearing and determination of an appeal within its jurisdiction, and the execution and enforcement of a judgment or order made on an appeal, shall have power to issue a writ or writs in such form as may be prescribed by rules of Court.

(2.) This section shall be retrospective.

3. Rules of Court may be made for prescribing the forms of Rule' of Court, writs, and for the other purposes of this Act, by the authority and in the manner provided by the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Ireland), 1877, as amended by any other Act.

CHAPTER 28.

An Act to remove Doubts as to the Validity of certain Marriages solemnised by a Person falsely pretending to be an ordained Clergyman of the Church of England.

[13th August 1888.]

WHEREAS George Frederick Wilfrid Ellis forged certain letters of Orders, and falsely pretended himself to be in Holy Orders, and solemnised divers marriages according to the rites of the Church of England, and has been convicted of fe]ony accordingly:

178

Cff. 28, 29. Mari'iage8 Validation, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

And whereas doubts have been entertained as to the validity of the marriages so solemnised, and it is expedient to remove those doubts:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Validation of 1, All marriages solemnised before the passing of this Act riages0 mar" according to the rites of the Church of England, by the said George Frederick Wilfrid Ellis, between persons believing him to have been duly ordained, shall be as valid as if the same had been solemnised by a duly ordained clergyman of the Church of England.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Mam ages Validation Act, 1888.

CHAPTER 29.

An Act to confer Powers on Lloyd’s with respect to Signal Stations and Telegraph Communication, and for other purposes.

[13th August 1888.]

WHEREAS it is expedient for the purpose of assisting in the preservation of life and in the interests of trade and navigation that the Society and Corporation incorporated under the 34 & 35 Vict. name of " Lloyd’s " by section three of Lloyd’s Act, 1871 (in this c. xxi. Act referred to as " the Society "), be authorised to acquire compul-

sorily, with the sanction of the Board of Trade, or by agreement, land for the purpose of signal stations and signal houses, and to arrange for telegraphic communication therewith, at such places on or near the coast of the British Islands as they think fit:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

X. This Act may be cited as Lloyd’s Signal Stations Act, 1888.

Lloyd’s to 2. The Society may, subject to the restrictions and conditions

have power to contained in this Act, execute the following works and do the blowing things, namely:telegraphic (1.) Establish signal stations and erect and place signal houses communica- with all requisite works, roads, appurtenances, and appliances

tl0ns' at such places on the coast of the British Islands, or any

islands, shoals, or rocks lying near thereto, as they think fit, and maintain and work the same with a proper staff of keepers, officers, and servants, and from time to time alter or remove any such signal houses or discontinue any such signal stations:(2.) For the purpose of connecting any of the said signal stations or signal houses with each other or with postal telegraph stations, enter into arrangements with the Postmaster-General

1888. Lloyd's Signal Stations Act, 1888. Ch. 29. 179

for the placing, maintaining, and working of wires for the purpose of telegraphic or telephonic communication by him upon such terms and conditions as he s^hall prescribe:

(3.) Acquire by compulsion or agreement and hold any lands which may from time to time be necessary for any of the above purposes or for the purpose of providing residences and suitable gardens for signalmen and signal-house keepers.

Provided that the extent of land to be acquired by compulsion under this Act at any one place shall not exceed two acres exclusive of the necessary means of approach; but nothing in this Act shall empower the Society to take any part of a railway or canal:

(4.) When necessary, but subject to the provisions of the Lands Clauses Act with respect to the sale of superfluous lands, dispose by way of sale, lease, or otherwise, of any lands acquired by them for any of the purposes aforesaid.

3. — (1.) With a view to the purchase of land for the purposes of Incorporation this Act the Lands Clauses Acts, except the provisions relating to clause* \ct$. access to the special Act, and except any provisions inconsistent or not applicable to the objects and purposes of this Act, shall be incorporated in this Act, and in construing the Lands Clauses Acts for the purposes of this Act this Act and any Act confirming an order made in pursuance of this Act shall be deemed to be the special Act, and the Society shall be deemed to be the promoters of the undertaking, and the word "land " shall include easements and rights in and over land.

(2.) The Society, before putting in force any of the powers of the Lands Clauses Acts with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement, shall —

(a.) Publish once at the least in each of three consecutive weeks in the course of the months of September, October, and November in some one and the same newspaper circulating in the locality an advertisement describing shortly the object for which the land is proposed to be taken, naming a place in the neighbourhood of the land proposed to be taken where a plan of the land maybe seen at all reasonable hours, and stating the quantity of the land; and (b.) During the month next following the month in which the last of the advertisements is published, serve a notice in manner mentioned in this section on every owner or reputed owner, lessee or reputed lessee, and occupier of the land, eo far as such owners, lessees, and occupiers can be reasonably ascertained, defining in each case the land intended to be taken, and requiring an answer stating whether the person so served assents, dissents, or is neuter in respect to the taking of the land.

(3.) — (i.) Service of a notice on a person may be made by delivery of the notice to him personally or by leaving the notice at his usual or last known place of abode, or by forwarding it by post iu a registered letter addressed to his usual or last known place of abode.

180

Ch. 29.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 104.

Lloyd’s Signal Stations Act, 1888. 51 & 52 VICT.

(ii.) A notice required to be served on a number of persons having any right in common in, over, or on land, may be served on any three or more of those persons on behalf of all of such persons, and should there be any bailiff, steward, reeve, or other duly appointed officer or trustee of or charged with the care or management of such land on behalf of such persons, notice shall also be served on such bailiff, steward, reeve, or other officer or trustee.

(in.) Where a notice is served by registered letter, it shall be deemed to have been served at the time when the letter containing the same would be delivered in the ordinary course of post, and the production of the post office receipt for such letter duly stamped shall be sufficient evidence of the due delivery of such letter, provided it shall appear that the same was sufficiently and properly directed, and that the same was not returned by the post office as undelivered.

(iv.) Where a person required to be served is absent abroad or cannot be found, the notice may be served on his agent.

(4.) Upon compliance as respects any land with the provisions contained in this section with respect to advertisements and notices, the Society may, if they think fit, present a petition to the Board of Trade. The petition shall describe the land, and state the purposes for which it is required, and the names of the owners and lessees or reputed owners or lessees, and occupiers of land who have assented, dissented, or are neuter in respect of the taking of the land, or who have returned no answer to the notice, and shall pray for an order authorising the Society with reference to the land to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Acts with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement, and shall be supported by such evidence as the Board of Trade may require.

(5.) If, on consideration of the petition and proof of the publication of the proper advertisements and service of the proper notices, the Board of Trade think fit to proceed with the case, they may, if they think fit, appoint some person to inquire in the locality in which the land is situate respecting the propriety of making the order prayed for, and also direct that person to hold a public inquiry, and if a public inquiry is held, the person holding the same shall have the same powers as au inspector appointed under the Merchant Shipping Act, 1854, and the Acts amending the same.

(6.) After such consideration and proof, and if there is an inquiry after receiving the report made upon such inquiry, the Board of Trade may make a provisional order authorising the Society to put in force with reference, to the land referred to in the petition, or such part thereof as is described in the order, the powers of the Lands Clauses Acts with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement or any of them, and that either absolutely or with such conditions and modifications as they may think fit, and it shall be the duty of the Society to serve a copy of any order so made in the manner and on the persons in which and on whom

181

1888. Lloyd's Signal Stations Act, 1888. Ch. 29.

notices in respect of the land to which the order relates are required by this Act to be served.

(7.) A provisional order so made shall not be of any validity unless the same hai been confirmed by Act of Parliament; and it shall be lawful for the Board of Trade as soon as conveniently may be to obtain such confirmation. If, while the Bill confirming any such order is pending in either House of Parliament, a petition is presented against the order, the Bill so far as it relates to the order may be referred to a Select Committee, and the petitioner shall be allowed to appear and oppose as in the case of private Bills, and the Act confirming the order shall be deemed to be a public general Act of Parliament.

(8.) An order made in pursuance of this section when confirmed by Parliament with such modifications as seem fit to Parliament shall have full effect.

(9.) The Board of Trade in case of refusing or modifying the order prayed for may make such order as they think fit for the allowance of the reasonable costs, charges, and expenses which any person whose land was proposed to be taken has properly incurred in opposing the order.

(10.) All costs, charges, and expenses incurred by the Board of Trade in relation to any order or proposed order under this section, and all costs charges, and expenses of any person which are so allowed by the Board of Trade as aforesaid, shall be a charge on the funds of the Society and be paid to the Board of Trade and to that person respectively by the Society within fourteen days after demand.

(11.) Any land purchased in pursuance of any order under this section confirmed by Act of Parliament shall be purchased within one year after the passing of such Act.

(12.) The provisions of this Act with respect to the purchase of land by the Society shall extend to the purchase of land of which the Society are lessees or occupiers in like manner as if another person were for the time being lessee or occupier of the land, save that the provisions with respect to the notices to and the assent or dissent of and the service of a copy of the order on lessees and occupiers shall not apply so far as respects the Society, and save that after an order under this section for purchasing the land is confirmed by Parliament the Society may give notice to and purchase the estate, right, or interest of some one or more only of the parties interested in the land, but in that case they shall, if any other of such parties by notice in writing so requires them, purchase the estate, right, or interest in the land of that party.

4. Persons empowered by the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, Power 10 take 1845, to sell and convey or release lands may, if they think fit, agrewneJft.^ subject to the provisions of that Act and of the Lands Clauses 8 & 9 Vict. Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, and of this Act, grant to c*18-the Society any easement, wayleave, right, or privilege required for c?io6?4 Vict’ the purposes of this Act in, over, or affecting any such lands, and the provisions of the said Acts with respect to lands and rent-charges, so far as the same are applicable in this behalf, shall extend

182

Saving for Admiralty and Wav Office.

Saving for lands, apparatus, &c. of Post Office.

Saving for privileges of Postmaster-General.

Saving for lands, &c. belonging to Government departments.

Saving for property of lighthouse authorities.

Provisions for protection of lighthouses and lights.

Ch. 29. Lloyd's Signal Stations Act, 1888. 51 & 52 VICT.

and apply to such grants and to such easements, wayleaves, rights, and privileges as aforesaid respectively.

5. Nothing in this Act shall authorise the Society to enter upon, use, or interfere with any land or building or any right of whatever description vested in or exercised by the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral, or vested in or exercised by Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War Department, without their or his consent in writing first had and obtained, and subject to such conditions as they or he shall respectively require.

6. Nothing in this Act shall authorise the Society to acquire, otherwise than by agreement, any land belonging to or occupied by the Postmaster-General, or any estate, right, easement, or other interest in or over any such land, or to do any act which may be injurious to any telegraph wire or apparatus or other property of the Postmaster-General.

7. Nothing in this Act, nor anything done in pursuance thereof, shall affect the exclusive privileges conferred on the Postmaster-General, or authorise the Society to transmit any telegram, or to perform any of the incidental services of receiving, collecting, or delivering telegrams, or give the Society any power, authority, or facility of any kind whatever in connexion with the transmission of telegrams, or the performance of any of the incidental services of receiving, collecting, or delivering telegrams.

8. Any building or land belonging to or vested in or under the control and management of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, on account of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Customs, or on account of any other department of Her Majesty's Government, shall be exempt from the operation of this Act, unless with the consent of the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury.

9. Nothing in this Act shall authorise the Society to acquire, otherwise than by agreement, any property belonging to a lighthouse authority, or any rights or powers over the same.

10. — (1.) The Society shall not erect or establish any signal house, or other erection, or execute any work of any kind, which in the opinion of the general lighthouse authority for that part of the United Kingdom in which the signal house, erection, or work is proposed to be built or executed, will obstruct the light or sound from, or in any other manner interfere with or impair the usefulness or efficiency of any lighthouse, light vessel, beacon, buoy, fog signal, or other sea mark under the jurisdiction of that authority.

(2.) If any such signal house, erection, or work is commenced or completed in contravention of this section, the general lighthouse authority may at any time abate and remove the same, and restore the site thereof to its foimer condition, at the cost and charge of the Society, and may for that purpose enter on any lands of the Society, and do thereon all such things as may be necessary for the said abatement, removal, and restoration.

1888.

Ch. 29.

185

Lloyd's Signal Stations, 1888.

(3.) The amount of the costs and charges incurred in any such abatement, removal, or restoration, shall be a debt due from the Society to the general lighthouse authority, and shall be recoverable accordingly with costs.

U. Nothing in this Act contained shall authorise or empower Society not to the Society to construct, and when constructed at any time alter any work in, on, or under, or otherwise interfere with any portion Thames, of the bed, soil, banks, or shores of the River Thames, except according to a plan to be approved in wilting by the conservators of the River Thames under the hand of their secretary.

12. The Society shall not construct on the shore of the sea, or of Saving as to any creek, bay, arm of the sea, or navigable river communicating waters therewith, where and so far up the same as the tide flows and reflows, any work without the previous consent of the Board of

Trade, to be signified in writing under the hand of one of the secretaries or assistant secretaries of the Board of Trade, and then only according to such plan and under such restrictions and regulations as the Board of Trade may approve of, such approval being signified as last aforesaid, and where any such work may have been constructed, the Society shall not at any time alter or extend the same without obtaining previously to making any such alteration or extension the like consents or approvals. If any such work be commenced or completed contrary to the provisions of this section, the Board of Trade may abate and remove the same and restore the site thereof to its former condition at the cost and charge of the Society, and the amount of such costs and charges shall be a debt due from the Society to the Crown and shall be recoverable accordingly with costs.

13. If any land not required for the purposes of this Act shall, As to /uture at any time after the execution of any works under the authority accretl0ns-of this Act, become raised in height or reclaimed, or by any other

means cease to be subject to the flow and reflow of the ordinary tides, or to be permanently covered with water (and that whether gradually or imperceptibly or otherwise), the Society shall not, by virtue of the ownership of any lands which they are by virtue of this Act empowered to take or acquire, have any estate, right, or interest in or to the land so raised in height or reclaimed, or ceasing to be so subject or to be so covered as aforesaid, by reason that such raising, reclamation, or cesser has been gradual or imperceptible or has been wholly or partially caused either by the works by this Act authorised or otherwise.

14. Nothing contained in this Act shall extend or operate to Saving right* authorise the Society to take, use, enter upon, or in any manner j* Lancaster7 interfere with any land, soil, water, or hereditaments, or any land 0

parcel of any manor, or any manorial rights, or any other rights of whatsoever description, belonging to Her Majesty in right of Her Duchy of Lancaster, without the consent in writing of the Chancellor for the time being of the said duchy first had and obtained (which consent the said Chancellor is hereby authorised to give), or take away, prejudice, or diminish any estate, right, privilege,

184

Ch. 29.

Saving the rights of the Duchy of Cornwall.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 49.

Saving for rights of the Crown in the foreshore.

Saving rights of the Crown.

Saying for 45 & 46 Vict. c. 56.

Interpretation of terms.

Lloyd's Signal Stations Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

power, or authority vested in or enjoyed or exerciseable by Her Majesty, Her heirs or successors, in right of Her said duchy.

15. Nothing contained in this Act shall extend to authorise the Society to take, use, enter upon, or interfere with any land, soil, or water, or any rights in respect thereof, belonging to Her Majesty, Her heirs or successors, in right of the Duchy of Cornwall without the consent in writing of some two or more of such of the regular officers of the said duchy or of such other persons as may be duly authorised under the provisions of the Duchy of Cornwall Management Act, 1863, section thirty-nine, to exercise all or any of the rights, powers, privileges, and authorities by the said Act made exerciseable or otherwise for the time being exerciseable in relation to the said duchy, or belonging to the Duke of Cornwall for the time being, without the consent of such Duke testified in writing under the seal of the Duchy of Cornwall first had and obtained for that purpose; or to take away, diminish, alter, prejudice, or affect any property, rights, profits, privileges, powers, or authorities vested in or enjoyed by Her Majesty, Her heirs or successors, in right of the Duchy of Cornwall, or in or by the Duke of Cornwall for the time being.

16. Nothing in this Act shall authorise the Society to take, use, or in any manner interfere with any portion of the shore or bed of the sea, or of any river, channel, creek, bay, or estuary, or any right in respect thereof, belonging to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty in right of Her Crown, and under the management of the Board of Trade, without the previous consent in writing of the Board of Trade on behalf of Her Majesty (which consent the Board of Trade may give); neither shall anything in this Act contained extend to take away, prejudice, diminish, or alter any of the estates, rights, privileges, powers, or authorities vested in or enjoyed or exerciseable by the Queen’s Majesty, Her heirs or successors.

17. Nothing contained in this Act shall authorise the Society to take, use, or in any manner interfere with any land or hereditaments, or any rights of whatsoever description belonging to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty in right of Her Crown, and under the management of the Commissioners of Woods, without the consent in writing of the Commissioners of Woods on behalf of Her Majesty first had and obtained for that purpose (which consent such Commissioners are hereby authorised to give); neither shall anything in this Act contained extend to take away, prejudice, diminish, or alter any of the estates, rights, privileges, powers, or authorities vested in or enjoyed or exerciseable by the Queen’s Majesty, Her heirs or successors.

18. Nothing in this Act shall authorise any interference with any works of any undertakers within the meaning of the Electric Lighting Act, 1882, to which the provisions of that Act apply.

19. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them, (that is to say):—

185

1888. Lloyd'8 Signal Stations, 1888. Ch. 29, 30.

The expression "British Islands" means the United Kingdom and the Channel Islands;

The expression Lands Clauses Acts" means as regards England and Ireland the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and the Acts amending the same in England and Ireland respectively, and as regards Scotland the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, and the Acts amending the same, and includes as regards Ireland the Railways Act (Ireland), 1851, the Railways Act (Ireland), 1860, the Railways Act (Ireland), 1864, and the Railways Traverse Act:

The expression "Postmaster-Geneml" means Her Majesty's Postmaster-General:

The expressions " general lighthouse authority " and " lighthouse authority" have the same meanings as in the Merchant Shipping Act, 1854:

The expressions " telegram, " " telegraph, " and " post " have the same meanings as in the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1885.

CHAPTER 30.

An Act to amend the Fishery Acts in Ireland.

[13th August 1888.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this preseut Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The owners of registered fishing boats in any district or part of a fishing district in Ireland may forward a petition to the Inspectors of Irish Fisheries praying that trawling may be prohibited within certain limits in the vicinity.

If the inspectors are satisfied that such petition is signed by two thirds of the owners of the registered boats affected by the proposal as living within or near the specified limits, and that it is expedient for the purposes mentioned in section ninety-one of the fifth and sixth Victoria, chapter one hundred and six, or any of those purposes, that the prayer of the petition should be granted wholly or in part, they may proceed under that Act to make a byelaw prohibiting trawling within the limits proposed in the petition or within limits of on the whole less extent than those proposed.

If the inspectors decide not to grant any part of the prayer of such petition they shall within two months of receiving such petition forward such petition to the Lord Lieutenant stating their reasons at the same time for refusing its prayer and also stating by what proportion (in their estimation) of the owners of registered boats in the vicinity the petition has been signed.

The Lord Lieutenant of Ireland in Council shall have power on receiving such a petition to direct that the prayer of the fishermen or a portion of the demands made by them may be acceded to and

8 & 9 Vict. c. 18.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 19.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 70.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 97.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 71.

31 & 82 Vict. c. 70.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 104.

Petition for prohibition of trawling, and proceedings thereon.

186 Ch. 30, 3L Fishery () Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict;

that trawling be prohibited within certain limits notwithstanding any recommendation of the Inspectors of Irish Fisheries to the contrary.

Before making any such direction the Lord Lieutenant in Council shall cause such notices to be issued and such inquiries to be made, if any, as may seem expedient, and may cause evidence to be taken before the Privy Council, if it appears expedient; any direction so made shall be published in the same manner and have the same effect aS a byelaw made by the inspectors of Irish Fisheries and approved of and confirmed by the Lord Lieutenant in Council; and any such direction may be subsequently varied or revoked by the Lord Lieutenant in Council.

Definition. 2. In this Act the expression "Lord Lieutenant " includes Lords

Justices or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being.

[Short title.]

3. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Fishery (Ireland) Act, 1888.

CHAPTER 31.

[Short title.]

Calling out for actual military service of yeomanry.

An Act to make better provision respecting National Defence.

[13th August 1888.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the National Defence Act, 1888.

2. — (1.) Whenever an order for the embodiment of the militia is in force, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty the Queen to call out for actual military service all or any of the corps of yeomanry of Her Majesty's military forces, and sections eighteen to twenty-five (both inclusive) of the Militia Act, 1882, so far as they relate to embodying and disembodying the militia, shall apply to the yeomanry in like manner as if embodying were calling out for actual military service, and disembodying were releasing from actual military service, and as if the said sections were herein re-enacted, and in terms made applicable to the yeomanry.

(2.) Every corps of yeomanry when called out for actual military service shall be liable to serve in any part of Great Britain until released from actual military service, but before being released shall be returned to the county to which it belongs.

(3.) Nothing in this section shall apply, without his consent, to a man enrolled in any corps of yeomanry at the passing of this Act, but as regards all men enrolled after the passing of this Act, the Acts specified in the First Schedule to this Act shall be repealed to the extent in the third column of that schedule mentioned.

Calling out for actual service of naval urtillery volunteer corps.

3. — (1.) Whenever an order is in force directing that the Royal Naval Reserve, or any part thereof, shall be called into actual service, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty the Queen to direct the Admiralty to call out for actual service the naval artillery volunteer corps, or any of them, and such direction shall have full effect as a direo-

1888. National Defence Act, 1888. Ch. 31.

tion under section sixteen of the Naval Artillery Volunteer Act, 1873, and that Act shall have effect accordingly.

(2.) The Royal Naval Reserve in this section means the volunteers under the Act of the session of the sixteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter seventy-three, intituled " An Act for the establishment of a body of naval coast volunteers, " and for the temporary transfer to the Navy in case of need of " seafaring men employed in other public services."

(3.) Nothing in this section shall apply, without his consent, to a man belonging to any naval artillery volunteer corps for six months after the passing of this Act, but as regards all men who join that corps after the last-named date, the Act specified in the second schedule to this Act shall be repealed to the extent in the third column of that schedule mentioned.

4. — (1.) Whenever an order for the embodiment of the militia is in force, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty the Queen, by order signified under the hand of a Secretary of State, to declare that it is expedient for the public service that traffic for naval and military purposes shall have on the railways in the United Kingdom, or such of them as is mentioned in the order, precedence over other traffic.

(2.) When any such order is in force as respects a railway, an officer of any part of Her Majesty's naval or military forces acting under the authority of a Secretary of State or the Admiralty may, by warrant under his hand addressed to the railway company working that railway, require that such traffic as may be specified in the warrant shall be received and forwarded on the railway in priority to any other traffic, and the company shall comply with such warrant, and shall, so far as may be necessary, suspend the receiving and forwarding of all other traffic on such railway.

(3.) If a director of or person employed by a railway company refuses or fails to comply with the exigency of the warrant, or obstructs the carrying thereof into effect, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, and any such officer as aforesaid may take such means as seem to him necessary for carrying (and if need be, by force) the warrant into effect.

(4.) A warrant issued in pursuance of this section shall not be in force for more than one month after the date thereof unless renewed.

(5.)An order made by Her Majesty in pursuance of this section may be revoked by Her Majesty at any time, and upon the militia being ordered to be disembodied shall cease to operate.

(6.) There shall be paid, out of moneys provided by Parliament, to a railway company required to receive and forward traffic in pursuance of this section, such reasonable remuneration as may be agreed upon, or in default of agreement may be determined by arbitration.

(7.) If any person suffers any loss by reason of anything done under the authority of a Secretary of State or the Admiralty in pursuance of this section, he may petition the Secretary of State

187

36 & 37 Vict. c. 77.

Power of Government, on occasion of national danger, or great emergency, to have precedence in traffic of railway.

188

Ch. 31.

51 & 52 Vict.

Amendment of 44 & 45 Vict. c. 58. 8. 115. as to supply of carriages and vessels in case of emergency.

National Defence, 1888.

or the Admiralty for compensation, and the Secretary of State or Admiralty may pay out of moneys provided by Parliament such reasonable compensation as may seem just; but no such compensation shall be paid in respect of any loss arising under a contract which was made subsequently to the date of an order under this section, or which, though made before, might have been determined subsequently to that da.te.

(8.) For the purposes of this section —

The expression "Secretary of State" means one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State; and The expression "Admiralty" means the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral; and The expression "railway " includes any tramway, whether worked by animal or mechanical power, or partly in one way and partly in the other; and The expression "person " includes any person or body of persons, corporate or unincorporate; and The expression "railway company" means any person as above defined who as owner or lessee of a railway or otherwise is actually engaged in working a railway; and The expression "traffic " includes persons, animals, goods, and things of every description which are ordinarily carried, or are required by virtue of this Act to be received and forwarded, on a railway.

5. Whereas by section one hundred and fifteen of the Army Act, 1881, provision is made for the issue of a requisition of emergency requiring justices of the peace to issue their warrants for the provision of carriages, animals, and vessels; and whereas it is expedient to extend the said section: Be it therefore enacted as follows:

There shall be added at the end of section one hundred and fifteen of the Army Act, 1881, the following sub-sections as sub-sections seven and eight thereof, that is to say: -

(7.) Whenever an order for the embodiment of the militia is in force, the order of Her Majesty authorising an officer to issue a requisition of emergency may authorise him to extend such requisition to the provision of carriages, animals, and vessels for the purpose of being purchased, as well as of being hired, on behalf of the Crown.

(8.) Where a justice, on demand by an officer and on production of a requisition of emergency, has issued his warrant for the provision of any carriages, animals, or vessels, and any person ordered in pursuance of such warrant to furnish a carriage, animal, or vessel refuses or neglects to furnish the same according to the order, then, if an order for the embodiment of the militia is in force, the said officer may seize (and if need be by force) the said carriage, animal, or vessel, and may use the same in like manner as if it had been furnished in pursuance of the order, but the said person shall be entitled to payment for the same in like manner as if he had duly furnished the same according to the order.

1888. National Defence Act, 1888. Ch. 31, 32.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Acts repealed as to Yeomanry and Volunteers.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title or Extent of Repeal.

44 Geo. 3. c. 54. - An Act to consolidate and amend the provisions of the several Acts relating to corps of yeomanry and volunteers in Great Britain, and to make further regulations relating thereto. Section twenty-two, and in section thirty the words "in case of actual invasion or appearance " of the enemy in force " on the coast; " section thirty-seven and section thirty-nine.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Act Repealed as respects Naval Artillery Volunteer

Corps.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Extent of Repeal.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 77. Naval Artillery Volunteer Act, 1873. Section sixteen, from the beginning down to ‘‘or " any of them for actual service " inclusive.

CHAPTER 32.

An Act for defraying the Expenses of carrying into effect an Agreement for Naval Defence with the Australasian Colonies, and providing for the Defence of certain Ports and Coaling Stations, and for making further provision for Imperial Defence.

[13th August 1888.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS Your Majesty's Government and the Governments of Your Majesty's Colonies of New South Wales, Tasmania, South Australia, New Zealand, Victoria, Queensland, and Western Australia, having recognised the necessity of increasing the naval force for the protection of the floating trade in Australasian waters at their joint charge, have concluded the agreement (in this Act referred to a3 the Australasian Agreement) which is set out in the First Schedule to this Act:

And whereas we. Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, being desirous that the above agreement

190

Ch. 32.

51 & 52 Vict.

Ratification of agreement.

Issue of money out of Consolidated Fund for purpose of Australasian Agreement.

Borrowing to raise money for Australasian Agreement.

Imperial Defence, 188S.

should be ratified and carried into effect, have cheerfully granted unto Your Majesty for that purpose the sum herein-after mentioned, and resolved that i-hat sum should be raised as herein-after provided*:

And whereas, because we are desirous to provide forthwith for the construction of certain urgent works for the defence of Your Majesty's arsenals and dockyards and military ports at home and abroad, and for the principal mercantile ports at home, and also to provide for the completion without delay of the defence of the coaling stations abroad required for the use of Your Majesty's navy, and the speedy completion of the armament necessary for the above purposes, we have cheerfully granted unto Your Majesty for those purposes the sum herein-after mentioned, and have resolved that that sura should be raised as herein-after provided:

We do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

PART I.

Australasian Agreement.

1. The Australasian Agreement (set out in the First Schedule to this Act) is hereby ratified.

2. — (1.) The Treasury shall from time to time issue out of the Consolidated Fund, or the growing produce thereof, such sums, not exceeding in the whole the sum of eight hundred and fifty thousand pounds, as may be required by the Admiralty for the purpose of building, arming, and completing for sea the vessels mentioned in articles six and seven of the Australasian Agreement.

(2.) The sums so issued shall be treated as an advance, and, if not borrowed as in this Act mentioned, shall be repaid to the Consolidated Fund out of the moneys annually provided by Parliament for naval services by an annuity of such amount as will repay the same, with interest at three per cent, per annum, within twelve years from the end of the financial year in which the first of the said sums was issued.

(3.) All sums received from the Governments of the Australasian Colonies in pursuance of the Australasian Agreement in respect of the annual sum either of thirty-five thousand pounds ov of ninety-one thousand pounds mentioned in article seven of the agreement shall be applied, under the directions of the Treasury, as an appropriation in aid of naval expenditure.

3. — (1.) The Treasury may from time to time, if they think fit, with a view to provide money for sums authorised by this part of this Act to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund, or for repaying to that fund all or any part of the sums so issued, borrow by means of terminable annuities, for a period not exceeding the above-mentioned period of twelve years, any sums not exceeding in the aggregate eight hundred and fifty thousand pounds.

1888.

Ch. 32.

191

Imperial Defence Act, 1888.

(2.) The annuities created in pursuance of this section shall he paid out of moneys provided by Parliament for naval services, and, if those moneys are insufficient, shall be charged upon and payable out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof at such times in each year as may be fixed by the Treasury.

(3.) The annuities shall be created by warrant of the Treasury to the Bank of England directing them to inscribe in their books the amount of such annuities in the names directed by the warrant.

PART II.

Ports and Coaling Stations.

4. — (1.) The Treasury shall from time to time issue out of the Consolidated Fund, or the growing produce thereof, such sums, not exceeding in the whole the sum of two million six hundred thousand pounds, as may be required by the Secretary of State for War for carrying into effect the purposes set forth in the Second Schedule to this Act, according to estimates to be approved by the Treasury.

(2.) If any money is borrowed in pursuance of this part of this Act for the purpose of providing the sums authorised by this section to be issued, or for repaying to the Consolidated Fund all or any part of the sums so issued, then —

(a) interest at the rate of three per cent, per annum on the amount so borrowed, or so much thereof as is for the time being due, shall be paid out of the moneys annually provided by Parliament for army serv ices; and

(b) all dividends or other moneys received by the Treasury after the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four in respect of Suez Canal shares shall, after deduction of the sum required for the purpose of paying the principal of and interest on the bonds issued for the purchase of such shares in pursuance of the Exchequer Bonds Act, 1876, be issued and applied in paying the principal of the amount borrowed in pursuance of this part of this Act.

5. — (1.) Before any moneys are issued for the purpose of expenditure under any one of the heads in the Second Schedule to this Act, the Secretary of State for War shall submit to the Treasury an estimate in detail, under such subheads as may be required by the Treasury, of the expenditure under the said head for which it is for the time being proposed to issue money.

(2.) The amount specified in the Schedule under head seven for incidental expenses for the purposes of this Act, or any part of that amount, may, with the approval of the Treasury, be added to the amount stated under any other head in the Second Schedule; but, save as aforesaid, there shall be no excess —

(a) of any expenditure proposed by such estimate under any head in the Second Schedule above the amount stated for that head in that schedule, nor

(b) of any expenditure under any of the subheads in the said estimate above the amount stated in that estimate,

Issue of money out of Consolidated Fund for purposes of Second Schedule.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 1.

Restrictions on applications of money issued.

192

Ch. 32.

51 & 52 Vict.

Borrowing to raise money for purposes of Second Schedule.

Discharge of loan when raised by Treasury bills.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 67.

Duration of Exchequer bonds and application of 29 & 30 Vict. c. 25. to bonds.

Imperial Defence Act, 1888.

unless in either case there is given a joint certificate of the Treasury and Secretary of State for War certifying that the excess is compensated by a saving under some other head or subhead, as the case may be, and that the excess will not cause the total expenditure to exceed the total sum specified in the Second Schedule, and upon such certificate being given the said saving may be applied towards the p vyment of the said excess.

0. — (1.) The Treasury may from time to time, if they think fit, with a view to provide money for sums authorised by this part of this Act to be issued from the Consolidated Fund, or for repaying to that fund all or any paid; of the sums so issued, borrow by means of Treasury bills or Exchequer bonds or otherwise on the credit of the charge created by this Act on the Consolidated Fund, or partly in one method and partly in another, any suras not exceeding in the aggregate two million six hundred thousand pounds.

(2.) The principal and interest of all sums borrowed in pursuance of this part of this Act, so far as not otherwise provided for under this Act, shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament, and, if those moneys are insufficient, shall be charged on and paid out of the Consolidated Fund, or out of the growing produce thereof.

(3.) Every loan raised in pursuance of this part of this Act shall be discharged during the period beginning on the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four (being the date after which the Treasury will receive dividends on the Suez Canal shares), and ending at such date, not being more than twelve years from the date at which the loan is raised, as may be fixed by the Treasury.

7. Where any loan or part of a loan has been raised in pursuance of this part of this Act by the issue of Treasury bills, and any part of such loan has been discharged out of dividends or other moneys received by the Treasury in respect of the Suez Canal shares section six of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877, shall not authorise the issue of Treasury bills or Exchequer bills for replacing the amount so discharged.

8. — (1.) Each Exchequer bond issued for the purpose of raising any loan or part of a loan in pursuance of this part of this Act shall provide for the paying off and discharging of such bond at par at the expiration of the period fixed for the discharge of such loan, and for the bond ceasing to be current and to bear interest after such expiration.

(2.) The bonds shall, so far as practicable, be paid off and discharged in accordance with their numerical order.

(3.) Each bond shall be issued with coupon? for the interest from time to time becoming due on such bond during the currency thereof.

(4.) Subject as aforesaid, bonds issued in pursuance of this Act shall be issued in manner provided by the Exchequer Bills and Bonds Act, 1866, and section fifteen of that Act (which relates to the forgery of Exchequer bills and coupons) shall apply to all Exchequer bonds issued in pursuance of this Act in like manner as

193

1888. Imperial Defence Act, 1888. Ch. 32.

if it were herein enacted with the substitution of Exchequer bond for Exchequer bill.

PART III.

Supplemental.

9. — (1.) The Admiralty and Secretary of State for War respec- Preparation tively shall, at the end of every financial year in which any part account ofof of any sum issued under this Act is expended, cause to be made up expenditure an account, in such form as may be required by the Treasury, under the Act. showing as follows:

(a.) the money expended during that year in pursuance of this Act, the mode in which such money was provided, and the securities (if any) created for providing the same; and

(b.) the purposes on which such money was expended, and if the same was expended for the purposes of the Second Schedule to this Act, distinguishing the expenditure under each of the heads in that schedule; and

(c.) the aggregate amount of money expended since the passing of this Act on the purposes thereof, and the aggregate amount of securities (if any) created for the purpose of providing for the same; and

(d.) the balance (if any) of the sums authorised by this Act to be issued which remains to be expended in pursuance of this Act.

(2.) Separate accounts shall be made out as respects the money expended for the purposes of the Australasian agreement and the money expended for the purposes of the Second Schedule to this Act.

(3.) The accounts of expenditure under this Act shall be audited by the Comptroller and Auditor General as appropriation accounts in manner directed by the Exchequer and Audit Departments 29 & so Vict. Act, 1866. c. 89.

10. — (1.) Accounts of all moneys issued from the Consolidated Accounts and

Fund and sums borrowed in pursuance of this Act in any financial °

year, and of all transactions in every financial year in relation to

sums so borrowed, including the amount of any loan discharged out of dividends or other moneys received by the Treasury in respect of Suez Canal shares, shall be kept in such form and manner as the Treasury from time to time direct, and shall be annually laid before Parliament.

(2.) All money borrowed in pursuance of this Act shall be paid into the receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer and carried to the Consolidated Fund.

11. In this Act — Definitions.

The expression "Treasury" means the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury:

The expression "Secretary of State for War" means Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the time being to whom Her Majesty may think fit to entrust the seals of the War Department, or such one of Her Majesty's Principal

194

39 & 40 Vict. c. 67.

[Short title.]

Force.

Status.

Change of crews.

Control.

Limit of employment.

Ch. 32. Imperial Defence, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Secretaries of State as may for the time being be administering the business of the "War Department:

The expression "the Admiralty " meaos the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral:

The expression "financial year" means the twelve months ending the thirty-first day of March:

The expression "Suez Canal shares" means the Suez Canal shares held by the Treasury in pursuance of the Suez Canal Shares Act, 1876:

The expression "Consolidated Fund" means the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland:

The expression "Exchequer Bills and Bonds Act, 1866," means the Act of the session of the twenty-ninth and thirtieth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter twenty-five, intituled "An Act to consolidate and amend the several laws " regulating the preparation, issue, and payment of Exchequer " bills and bonds."

12. This Act may be cited as the Imperial Defence Act, 1888.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Australasia* Agreement.

Agreement as to Additional Force to &e employed for the Protection of the Floating Trade in Avetratasian Waters.

The Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, Ac., and the Governments of Her Majesty's Colonies of New South Wales, Tasmania, South Australia, New Zealand, Victoria, Queensland, and Western Australia, having recognised the necessity of increasing the Naval Force for the protection of the floating trade in Australasian waters at their joint charge, have resolved to conclude for this purpose an agreement as follows: —

Abticle I.

There shall be established a force of sea-going ships of war herein-after referred to as "these vessels, " to be provided, equipt>ed, manned, and maintained at the joint cost of Imperial and Colonial Funds.

Abticle II.

These vessels shall be placed in every respect on the same status as Her Majesty's ships of war, whether in commission or not.

Abticle III.

The officers and men of such of these vessels as are in commission shall be changed triennially, and of those in reserve as may be considered advisable.

Article IV.

These vessels shall be under the sole control and orders of the Naval Commander-in-Chief for the time being appointed to command H er Majesty's ships and vessels on the Australian Station.

That these vessels shall be retained within the limits of the Australian Station as defined in the Standing Orders of the Naval Commander-in-Chief, and in times of peace or war shall be employed within such limits in the

195

1888. Imperial Defence Act, 1888. Ch. 32.

same way as are Her Majesty's ships of war, or employed beyond those limits only with the consent of the Colonial Governments.

Abticle V.

Notwithstanding the establishment of this joint naval force, no redaction No reduction is to take place in the normal strength of Her Majesty's naval force employed of Imperial on the Australian Station, exclusive of surveying vessels. squadron.

Abticle YL

These vessels shall consist of five fast cruizers and two torpedo-gunboats, Number of as represented by the "Archer" (improved type) and " Rattlesnake" classes vessels, in Her Majesty's Navy. Of the above, three cruizers and one gunboat to be kept always in commission, the remainder being held in reserve, in Australasian ports, ready for commission whenever occasion arises.

Abticle VII.

1. The first cost of these vessels shall be paid out of Imperial funds, and Cost, the vessels fully equipped, manned, and sent to Australia.

2. The Colonies shall pay the Imperial Government interest at five per Interest on cent, on the first and prime cost of these vessels, such payment not to exceed first cost, the annual sum of thirty-five thousand pounds.

3. The Colonies shall, in addition, bear the actual charges for maintaining Annual charge from year to year the three fast cruizers and one torpedo-gunboat which are for main-

to be Kept in commission in lime of peace, and also of the three other vessels tenance. which are to remain in reserve, including the liability on account of retired pay to officers, pensions to men, and the charge for relief of crews; provided always, that the claim made by the Imperial Government under this head does not exceed the annual payment of ninety-one thousand pounds.

4. In the time of emergency or actual war, the cost of commissioning and Cost of main-maintaining the three vessels kept in reserve during peace shall be borne by tenance in war. the Imperial Government.

Abticle VIII.

In the event of any of these vessels being lost, they shall be replaced at Replacement the cost of the Imperial Government. of vessels if

lost.

Abticle IX.

1. This agreement shall be considered to become actually binding between Terms of the Imperial and the several Colonial Governments named in the first clause agreement, so soon as the Colonial Legislatures shall have passed special appropriations

for the terms herein-after mentioned, to which acts this agreement shall be attached as a First Schedule.

2. The agreement shall be for a period of ten years, and only terminate if Period, and provided notice has been given two years previously, viz., at the end of

the eighth year, or at the end of any subsequent year, and then two years after such date.

3. On the termination of the agreement these vessels to remain the Vessels to be

property of the Imperial Government. property of

Admiralty.

Abticle X.

1. The payments named in Article VII. shall be considered as payments in Date of first

advance, and shall first^ become due and payable on the dates on which the payment, several vessels are put in commission; and the period of ten years referred Date for agree-to in Article IX. is to be calculated from the date of the first vessel being meut to com" put in commission. mence.

2. The share of these payments due from each Colony shall be paid Mode of pay -annually in London by the Agents General and the Crown Agents respec- ment. tively to such account as the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty may

direct.

196

Closing of accounts.

Local defence forces.

Vessels to be stationed in New Zealand waters.

Ch. 32. Imperial Defence Act, 1888. 51 & 52 VICT.

3. The accounts of these vessels shall be closed each year on the thirty-first day of March, and the difference between expenditure and ninety-one thousand pounds per annum for maintenance adjusted in subsequent annual payments, should the actual expenditure prove less than that sum.

Article XI.

Nothing in this agreement shall affect the purely local naval defence forces which have been, or may be, established in the several Colonies for harbour and coast defence. Such local forces in each Colony to be paid for entirely by that Colony, and to be solely under its control.

Article XII.

In time of peace, two ships, either of the normal Imperial squadron, or of these vessels, shall be stationed in New Zealand waters as their head-quarters. Should, however, such emergency arise as may, in the opinion of the Naval Commander-in-Chief, render it necessary to remove either or both of such ships, he shall inform the Governor of the reasons for such temporary removal.

Schedule to Agreement.

Limits or Australian Station.

The Australian station as referred to in Article IV. of the foregoing agreement, is bounded —

N on the north from the meridian of ninety-five degrees east, by the

parallel of the tenth degree of south latitude, to one hundred and thirty degrees east longitude, thence northward on that meridian to the parallel of two degrees north latitude, and thence on that parallel to the meridian of one hundred and thirty-six degrees east longitude, thence north to twelve degrees north latitude, and along that parallel to one hundred and sixty degrees west longitude.

W on the west by the meridian of ninety-five degrees east longitude.

S on the south by the Antarctic Circle.

E on the east by the meridian of one hundred and sixty degrees of

west longitude.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Sums proposed to be Expended on Fortifications, Barracks, Works, and Heavy Ordnance between the 1st day of April 1888 and the 1st day of April 1891 under this Act.

1. For Military Ports: — £

Home ---- 738,000

Colonial ...... 441,000

2. For Coaling Stations ..... 360,000

3. For Barracks at Coaling Stations ... 850,000 *

4. For Mercantile Ports ..... 193,000

5. For heavy guns not yet allotted to particular forts 200,000

6. For Storehouses and Magazines at Home - - 100,000

7. For incidental expenses for the purposes of this Act - 218,000

£2, 600,000+

* This mmount represents the net sum required after deducting the sums to be contributed by the Colonies, and also the proceeds of the sale of lands belonging to the Government^ at the several stations.

t This amount does not include any ammunition, stores, machine, or quick-firing guns.

1888.

Hawkers A, 1888. Ch. 33.

197

CHAPTER 33.

An Act to consolidate the Law relating to Excise Licences for Hawkers.

[13th August 1888.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Hawkers Act, 1888. short title.

2. In this Act each of the following terms shall have the meaning Definitions, assigned to it by this section unless it is otherwise expressly provided, or there is something in the subject or context inconsistent with such meaning:—

" Hawker" means any person who travels with a horse or other beait bearing or drawing burden, and goes from place to place or to other men’s houses carrying to sell or exposing for sale any goods, wares, or merchandise, or exposing samples or patterns of any goods, wares, or merchandise to be afterwards delivered, and includes any person who travels by any means of locomotion to any place in which he does not usually reside or carry on business, and there sells or exposes for sale any goods, wares, or merchandise in or at any house, shop, room, booth, stall, or other place whatever hired or used by him for that purpose.

" Officer" means officer of Inland Revenue.

"Justice" means justice of the peace.

3. — (i.) There shall be granted and paid, for the use of Her Hawkers Majesty, Her heirs and successors, upon an excise licence to be licence-taken out annually by every hawker in the United Kingdom, the duty of two pounds.

(2.) Every such licence shall be in such form as the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall direct, shall whenever issued be granted only on payment in full of the duty, and shall expire on the thirty-first day of March in each year.

(3.) It shall not be necessary for a licence to be taken out under Exemptions, this Act in the following cases; that is to say,

(a.) By any person selling or seeking orders for goods, wares, or merchandise to or from persons who are dealers therein, and who buy to sell again:

(6.) By the real worker or maker of any goods, wares, or merchandise, and his children, apprentices, and servants usually residing in the same house with him, selling or seeking orders for goods, wares, or merchandise made by such real worker or maker:

(c.) By any person selling fish, fruit, victuals, or coal:

(d.) By any person selling or exposing for sale goods, wares, or merchandise in any public mart, market, or fair legally established.

108

Licence not to be granted without certificate.

Provisions to be observed by hawkers and others.

Fine for hawking without licence or not producing licence.

Ch. 33. Hawkers Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

4. — (1.) A hawker’s licence shall not be granted to any person, otherwise than by way of renewal of a licence for the year immediately preceding, except on the production of a certificate signed by a clergyman or minister of the parish or place wherein such person resides, and two householders of such parish or place, or by a justice for the county or place, or superintendent or inspector of police for the district wherein the officer to whom application is made for the grant of a licence resides, attesting that such person is of good character and is a proper person to be licensed as a hawker.

(2.) If any person forges or counterfeits any certificate for obtaining a licence under this Act, or produces or makes use of any forged or counterfeited certificate or licence, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, he shall incur a fine of fifty pounds; and any licence obtained on a forged or counterfeited certificate shall be void.

5. — (1.) Every hawker shall keep his name and the words "licensed hawker " visibly and legibly written, painted, or printed upon every box or other package and every vehicle used for the carriage of his goods, and upon every room or shop in which his goods are sold, and upon every handbill or advertisement which he distributes or publishes.

(2.) A hawker shall not let to hire or lend his licence to any person: Provided that a servant may travel with his master’s licence and trade for his master’s benefit.

(3.) If a hawker contravenes any of the foregoing provisions of this section he shall, for every offence, incur a fine of ten pounds.

(4.) If any person not having in force a licence under this Act in his own real name —

(a.) Uses the words " licensed hawker " or any words importing that he carries on the trade of a hawker, or is licensed so to do; or

(5.) Trades with or under colour of a licence granted to any person other than his master, he shall, for every such offence, incur a fine of ten pounds.

6. — (1.) If any person does any act for which a licence is required by this Act —

(a.) Without having a proper licence in force in that behalf; or

(b.) Without immediately producing, upon demand by any person, a proper licence granted to him or to his master, and then in force,

he shall for every such offence incur a fine of ten pounds over and above any other penalty to which he may be liable.

(2.) In any proceeding for recovery of the fine imposed by this section it shall be sufficient to allege that the defendant did trade as a hawker without having in force a proper licence, and it shall not be necessary further or otherwise to describe the offence.

(3.) Any officer or officer of the peace may arrest a person found committing an offence against this section and convey him before a justice having jurisdiction at the place where the offence is committed, and in default of immediate payment, upon con-

1888.

Ch. 33.

189

Hawkers Act, 1888.

viction, of the fine, or of the sum to which the fine may be mitigated (which mitigation is hereby authorised), the offender shall be imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for any term not exceeding one month.

7. The powers and provisions contained in any Act relating to Provisions to licences and penalties under Excise Acts, and now or hereafter in lances and° force, shall respectively be of full force and effect with respect to fines under the licences under this Act and the fine3 hereby imposed so far as this Act> the same are applicable and are consistent with the provisions of

this Act as fully and effectually as if the same had been herein specially enacted with reference thereto.

8. The enactments described in the Schedule to this Act shall Repeal of be and are hereby repealed to the extent in the said Schedule mentioned: Provided that this repeal shall not affect the past operation of any enactment hereby repealed, or interfere with the institution or prosecution of any proceeding in respect of any offence committed or any penalty or forfeiture incurred against or under any enactment hereby repealed.

SCHEDULE. Enactments Repealed.

Session and Chapter. Title. Extent of Repeal.

50 Geo. 3. c. 41. An Act for placing the duties of hawkers and pedlars under the management of the Commissioners of Hackney Coaches. The whole Act.

52 Geo. 3. c. 108. An Act to amend an Act passed in the fiftieth year of His present Majesty for placing the dnties of hawkers and pedlars under the management of the Commissioners of Hackney Coaches. The whole Act.

55 Geo. 3. c. 19. An Act to grant certain dnties of Excise upon licences for the sale of spirituous and other liquors by retail, and upon licences to persons dealing in exciseable commodities in Ireland in lien of the stamp dnties payable upon such licences, and to secure the payment of such Excise dnties, and to regulate the issuing of such licences, and to discourage the immoderate use of spirituous liquors in Ireland. In part; namely, Except sections sixty-four, sixty-five, sixty-seven, and sixty-eight.

200

Ch. 33.

Hawker8 Act, 1888.

51 & 52 Vict.

Session and Chapter. Title. Extent of Repeal.

Geo. 3. c. 71. - An Act to regulate hawkers and pedlars in Scotland. The whole Act.

6 Geo. 4. c. 81. An Act to repeal several duties payable on Excise licences in Great Britain and Ireland, and to impose other duties in lieu thereof, and to amend the laws for granting Excise licences. In part; namely, Section thirty-five.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 36. - An Act to alter the stamp duties payable upon probates of wills and letters of administration, to repeal the stamp duties on licences to exercise the faculty of physic, and to amena the laws relating to hawkers and pedlars. In part; namely, Sections three and four.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 111. An Act for granting to Her Majesty certain duties of stamps, and to amend the laws relating to the stamp duties. In part; namely, Section twenty-one.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 21. - An Act for granting to Her Majesty certain duties of excise and stamps. In part; namely, Sections six, seven, and nine.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 18. - An Act to grant certain duties of Castoms and Inland Revenue. In part; namely, Schedule B, so far as it relates to the duties on licences to hawkera and pedlars.

c. 56. - An Act for granting to Her Majesty certain stamp duties, and to amend the laws relating to the In* land Revenue. In part; namely, In section six, the words "hawkers and pedlars" and section seven.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 96.- An Act to amend the laws relating to the Inland Revenue. In part; namely, Section eighteen.

29 & 30 Vict 30 Vict. c. 64. - An Act to amend the laws relating to the Inland Revenue. In part; namely, Sections eleven and thirteen.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 8. - The Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1888. In part; namely, Subsection one of section nine.

1888. Municipal Local Bills (Ireland) Act, 1888. Ch. 34. 201

CHAPTER 34.

An Act to enable Municipal Corporations in Ireland to apply municipal funds in the promotion of Local Bills in Parliament.

[13th August 1888.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may for all purposes be cited as the Municipal Local Bills (Ireland) Act, 1888.

2. When, in the judgment of a municipal corporation in Ireland, Costa of pro-it is expedient for such corporation to promote any local or personal ‘t(in

Bill or Bills in Parliament, for the purpose only of consolidating be charged on existing debts, and of creating new stock within the limits of municipal existing borrowing powers, or of borrowing powers hereafterfunds' conferred by Parliament, it shall be lawful for such corporation to apply the borough fund, borough rate, or other the public funds or rates under the control of such corporation to the payment of the costs and expenses attending the same; and when thera are several funds or rates under the control of the corporation, such corporation shall determine out of which fund or funds, rate or rates, such expense shall be payable, and in what proportions.

3. No payment to any member of a municipal corporation for No payment to acting as counsel or agent in promoting any such Bill shall be met^ charged as aforesaid. Charged. 6

4. No expense in promoting any Bill or Bills in Parliament shall Coats of probe so charged as aforesaid, unless incurred in pursuance of a resolution of an absolute majority of the whole number of the tion of special corporation at a meeting of the corporation after ten clear days meetings, notice by public advertisement of such meeting and of the purpose thereof in some local newspaper published or circulating in the municipal borough, such notice to be in addition to the ordinary notices required for summoning such meeting, nor unless such resolution shall have been published twice in some newspaper or newspapers circulating in the municipal borough, and no further expense shall be incurred or charged as aforesaid after the deposit of the Bill, unless the propriety of such promotion shall be confirmed by such absolute majority at a further special meeting of the corporation to be held in pursuance of a similar notice not less than fourteen days after the deposit of the Bill in Parliament.

5. Nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to alter or Saving, affect any special provision which is or shall be contained in any other Act for the payment of the costs, charges, and expenses intended to be provided for by this Act, or to take away or diminish any rights or powers now possessed or enjoyed by any municipal corporation, or which are or shall be vested in or exerciseable by the inhabitants of any municipal borough, under general or special Act.

202

Ch. 35.

Special Commission Act, 1888.

51 & 52 Vict.

CHAPTER 35.

An Act to constitute a Special Commission to inquire into the charges and allegations made against certain Members of Parliament and other Persons by the Defendants in the recent trial of an action entitled O’Donnell v. Walter and another.

[13th August 1888 ]

WHEREAS charges and allegations have been made against certain Members of Parliament and other persons by the defendants in the course of the proceedings in an action entitled O’Donnell versus Walter and another, and it is expedient that a special commission should be appointed to inquire into the truth of those charges and allegations, and should have such powers as may be necessary for the effectual conducting of the inquiry:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Appointment X. — (1.) The three persons herein-after mentioned, namely, the

SpeefaTcom- Right Honourable Sir James Hannen, the Honourable Sir John missioners. Charles Day, and the Honourable Sir Archibald Levin Smith, are hereby appointed Commissioners for the purposes of this Act, and are in this Act referred to as the Commissioners.

(2.) The Commissioners shall inquire into and report upon the charges and allegations made against certain Members of Parliament and other persons in the course of the proceedings in an action entitled O’Donnell versus Walter and another.

Powers of 2. — (1.) The Commissioners shall, for the purposes of the inquiry

Commissioners, under this Act, have, in addition to the special powers hereinafter provided, all such powers, rights, and privileges as are vested in Her Majesty's High Court of Justice, or in any judge thereof, on the occasion of any action, including all powers, rights, and privileges in respect of the following matters:

(i.) the enforcing the attendance of witnesses and examining them on oath, affirmation, or promise and declaration; and

!ii.) the compelling the production of documents; and iii.) the punishing persons guilty of contempt; and (iv.) the issue of a commission or request to examine witnesses abroad;

and a summons signed by one or more of the Commissioners may be substituted for, and shall be equivalent to, any form of process capable of being issued in any action for enforcing the attendance of witnesses or compelling the production of documents.

(2.) A warrant of committal to prison issued for the purpose of enforcing the powers conferred by this section shall be signed by one or more of the Commissioners, and shall specify the prison to which the offender is to be committed.

(3.) The Commissioners may, if they think fit, order that any document or documents in the possession of any party appearing

203

1888. Special Commission Act, 1888. Cfl. 35.

at the inquiry shall be produced for the inspection of any other such party.

3. If any person, having been served with a summons under this Failure to Act, shall fail to appear according to the tenour of such summons, aPPear* the Commissioners shall have power to issue a warrant for the arrest of such person.

4. Any person summoned to attend before the said Comm is- Punishment

sioners who shall refuse, neglect, or fail to attend in pursuance of to

any summons, shall, notwithstanding the dissolution of the Com- a en’mission, be liable to punishment for contempt of the High Court of Justice, on the motion of any person who has appeared at the inquiry before such Commissioners.

5. A warrant or order for the arrest, detention, or imprisonment Committal of a of a person for contempt of the Commissioners shall, notwith- affected standing the special Commission is dissolved or otherwise deter- by dissolution mined, be and remain as valid and effectual in all respects as if the of C’ommis-special Commission were not so dissolved or otherwise determined, 810n‘

and upon such dissolution or determination all the powers, rights, and privileges of the Commissioners with respect to such warrant or order, and to a person arrested, detained, or imprisoned, or to be arrested, detained, or imprisoned by virtue thereof, shall devolve upon and be exercised by the Queen’s Bench Division of the High Court of Justice or a judge thereof; and such contempt, and a proceeding with respect thereto, shall not be in anywise affected by such dissolution or determination of the special Commission.

6. The persons implicated in the said charges and allegations, Power to the parties to the said action, and any person authorised by the ftPPear, b> '

~ r . ., , i . J r., J counsel.

Commissioners, may appear at the mquiry, and any person so

appearing may be represented by counsel or solicitor practising in Great Britain or Ireland. Where it shall appear to the Commissioners that any person affected by any of the said charges or allegations is at any time during the holding of the said inquiry detained or imprisoned, the Commissioners may order the attendance of such person at such inquiry in such manner, for such time, and subject to such conditions as regards bail, or otherwise, as to the Commissioners may seem fit. Commission

7. The Commissioners shall have power, if they think fit, to rt; i)0rt

, x x* a x* r from time to make reports from time to time. tjmet

8. Every person who, on examination on oath, affirmation, or Penalty for promise and declaration under this Act, wilfully gives false evidence, false 8weann£-shall be liable to the penalties for perjury.

9. Any person examined as a witness under this Act before the Power to

Commissioners, or under a commission to examine witnesses abroad, cross-examine, , ., , i, /. | and exatmna-

may be cross-examined on behalf of any other person appearing tion of wit-

before the Commissioners. A witness examined under this Act nesses.

shall not be excused from answering any question put to him on the ground of any privilege or on the ground that the answer thereto

may criminate or tend to criminate himself: Provided that no

evidence taken under this Act shall be admissible against any

204

51 & 52 Vict.

Indemnity to witnesses.

[Short title.]

Short title and application.

All crimes to he bailable except murder and treason.

Ch. 85, 36. Special Commission Act, 1888.

person in any civil or criminal proceeding except in the case of a witness accused of having given false evidence in an inquiry under this Act, or of a person accused of having procured, or attempted or conspired to procure, the giving of such evidence.

10. — (1.) Every person examined as a witness under this Act who, in the opinion of the Commissioners, makes a full and true disclosure touching all the matters in respect of which he is examined, shall be entitled to receive a certificate signed by the Commissioners, stating that the witness has, on his examination, made a full and true disclosure as aforesaid.

(2.) If any civil or criminal proceeding is at any time thereafter instituted against any such witness in respect of any matter touching which he has been so examined, the court having cognizance of the case shall, on proof of the certificate, stay the proceeding, and may in its discretion award to the witness such costs as he may be put to in or by reason of the proceeding: Provided that nothing in this section shall be deemed to apply in the case of proceedings for having given false evidence at an inquiry held under this Act, or of having procured, or attempted or conspired to procure, the giving of such evidence.

11. This Act may be cited as the Special Commission Act, 1888.

CHAPTER 36.

An Act to amend the Law of Bail in Scotland.

[13th August 1888.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Bail (Scotland) Act, 1888, and shall apply to Scotland only.

2. The Act passed in the first Parliament of His Majesty King William the Third, intituled " An Act for preventing wrongous imprisonment and undue delay in Trials, " so far as the same relates to bail, is hereby repealed, and from and after the passing of this Act all crimes and offences, except murder and treason, shall be bailable, and any magistrate having jurisdiction to try the offence or to commit the accused until liberated in due course of law may henceforth, at his discretion, on the application of any person who has been committed until liberation in due course of law for any crime or offence, except murder or treason, and after opportunity shall have been given to the prosecutor to be heard thereon, admit or refuse to admit such person to bail; and such application shall be disposed of within twenty-four hours after its presentation to the magistrate, failing which the accused shall be forthwith liberated.

1888. Bail (Scotland) Act, 1888. Ch. 3G. 205

3. Where bail is refused before commitment until liberation in Renewal of

due course of law on an application made under section eighteen JPPl^tion of the Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1887, the application for 5o&"i Vict. bail may be renewed after such commitment. c. 35.

4. Any magistrate admitting a person to bail shall fix the bail Statutory at such an amount as he may consider sufficient to ensure the appearance of such person to answer at all diets to which he may

be cited on the charge, and the Act passed in the thirty-ninth year of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled "An Act to 39 G. 3. c. 49.

" extend the bail to be given in cases of criminal information in " that part of Great Britain called Scotland, " is hereby repealed, and all other Acts of Parliament, in so far as they limit the amount of bail which may be fixed by any magistrate, are hereby repealed.

5. Where an application for bail after commitment until libera- Right of appeal tion in due course of law is refused by any magistrate, or where ?ufjjcfe°yrt the applicant is dis-satisfied with the amount of bail fixed, he may

appeal to the High Court of Justiciary, and the said Court may, in its discretion, order intimation to the Lord Advocate; and where an application for bail is granted by any magistrate, whether before or after commitment until liberation in due course of law, the Public Prosecutor, if dis-satisfied with the decision allowing bail, or with the amount of bail fixed, mny appeal in like manner, and the applicant shall not be liberated until the appeal at the instance of such prosecutor is disposed of, except as herein-after provided:

Provided always, that written notice of appeal shall be immediately given by the party appealing to the opposite party, and every appeal shall be disposed of by the said High Court of Justiciary or any Lord Commissioner thereof in court or in chambers after such inquiry and hearing of parties as shall seem just; and in the event of the appeal of the Public Prosecutor being refused, the Court may award expenses against the appellant.

6. No clerks fees, court fees, or other fees or expenses shall be No fees exigible

exigible from, or be awarded against, an accused in respect of his ed application for bail, or of the appeal of such application to the High IppuStu, nofor Court of Justiciary. bail.

7. When an appeal is taken at the instance of the Public Liberation of

Prosecutor either against bail being granted or against the amount ^Pub

fixed, the applicant to whom bail has been allowed shall, if the bail lie rtosecutor. fixed shall have been found by him, be liberated after seventy-two

hours, or where the place of application is in any island in the Outer Hebrides, or in the Orkney and Shetland islands, ninety-six hours from the time of his application being granted, whether the appeal be disposed of or not, unless the High Court shall grant order for further detaining him in custody pending consideration of the appeal, and notice by telegraph to the gaoler of the issue of such order within the time aforesaid bearing to be sent by the clerk of court or the Crown agent shall be sufficient to justify the applicant's detention until the arrival of such order in due course of post: Provided always, that in computing such period of hours.

206

Right of Lord Advocate and Court of Justiciary saved.

Interpretation

clause.

Rules for carrying out Act.

[Commencement of Act.]

Amendments' in the Timber

Acts.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 49.

Amendment of 38 & 84 Vict. c. 46. s. 4.

Ch. 36, 37. Bail (Scotland) Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Sundays, public fasts and public holidays, whether general or Court holidays, shall not be included.

8. Nothing in this Act contained shall affect the right of the Lord Advocate or the High Court of Justiciary to admit to bail any person charged with any crime or offence.

9. The words "crimes" and "offences" shall mean all crimes and offences at common law, as well as all crimes and offences under any existing or future Acts of Parliament. The word " magistrate " shall mean the sheriff or sheriff substitute, and the words "Public Prosecutor" shall mean "any prosecutor acting for the public interest in the High Court of Justiciary or the sheriff court."

10. It shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of the High Court of Justiciary, and the said Court is hereby required from time to time to make all such rules and regulations, by Act of Adjournal, as may be necessary for carrying out the purposes and accomplishing the objects of this Act: Provided always, that copies of all such Acts of Adjournal shall, within fourteen days of the making thereof, be laid before both Houses of Parliament if Parliament shall be then sitting, and if not, within fourteen days after the commencement of the then next session of Parliament.

11. This Act shall come into force on the expiry of one month from the date of the passing thereof.

CHAPTER 37.

An Act to amend the Acts relating to the planting of Timber Trees in Ireland.

[13th August 1888.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. From and after the passing of this Act the Act of the session of the Irish Parliament of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of the reign of King George the Third, chapter thirty-nine, intituled " An Act to amend the Acts relating to the planting of Timber Trees, " shall be amended as follows:—

(1.) Every tenant of a holding who has a statutory term therein under the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881, shall have the same rights and privileges as are conferred by the said Act of King George the Third upon tenants for years exceeding fourteen years unexpired, subject to the conditions imposed by the said Acts.

(2.) The said Act of King George the Third, and the other Acts relating to the planting of timber trees in Ireland, shall extend to and include fruit trees.

2. A tenant of a holding under a lease made for a term certain of not less than thirty-one years, or, in cases of leases made before

207

1888. Timber (Ireland), 1888. Ch. 37, 38.

the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and seventy, for a term of a life or lives with or without a concurrent term of years, which leases shall have existed for thirty-one years before the making of the claim, shall be entitled to claim compensation under the fourth section of the Landlord and Tenant (Ireland) Act, 1870, in respect of trees planted and registered by him under the provisions of the said Act of King George the Third: Provided always, that no claim may be made under this Act exceeding in amount the value of such improvement at the time the claim is made.

3. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Timber (Ireland) Act, 1888.

CHAPTER 38.

An Act to continue various expiring Laws.

[13th August 1888.]

WHEREAS the several Acts mentioned in column one of Part I.

of the First Schedule to this Act, and the several Acts mentioned in column one of the Second Schedule to this Act, are, in so far as they are in force and are temporary in their duration, limited to expire on the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight:

And whereas the first of the Acts mentioned in column one of Part II. of the First Schedule to this Act is limited to expire on the twenty-second day of August one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight, and the second of the Acts mentioned in that column is limited to expire on the fifth day of September one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight:

And whereas the Act mentioned in column one of Part III. of the First Schedule to this Act is limited to expire at the end of the session next after the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight:

And whereas it is expedient to provide for the continuance as in this Act mentioned of those Acts, and of the enactments amending the same:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1888.

2. — (1.) The Acts mentioned in column one of the First Schedule to this Act shall, to the extent specified in column two of that schedule, be continued until the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine, and any unrepealed enactments amending or affecting the enactments continued by this Act shall, in so far as they are temporary in their duration, be continued in like manner.

[Short title.]

[Short title.]

Continuance of Acts in schedule.

Ch. 38. Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

(2.) The Acts mentioned in column one of the Second Schedule to this Act shall, to the extent specified in column two of that schedule, be continued until the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Part I.

1. Original Acts. 2. How far continued. 3. Amending Acts.

(1) 5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 27. Linen, Hempen, Cotton, and other Manufactures (Ireland). The whole Act so far as it is not repealed. 3 & 4 Vict. c. 91. 5 & 6 Vict. c. 68. 7 & 8 Vict c. 47. 30 & 31 Vict. c. 60.

(2) 3 & 4 Vict. c. 89. Poor Rates, Stock in Trade Exemption. The whole Act. —

(3) o 4 & 5 Vict. c. 30. Survey of Great Britain. The whole Act so far as it is not repealed. 33 Vict. c. 13. 47 & 48 Vict. c. 43.

(4) 4 & 5 Vict. c. 35. Land Commissioners. (5) 4 & 5 Vict. c. 59. Application of Highway Rates to Turnpike Roads. So much as relates to the appointment of and the period for holding office by Land Commissioners and other officers. The whole Act. 14 & 15 Vict c. 53. 25 & 26 Vict. c. 73. 45 & 46 Vict. c. 38. s. 48.

(6) 10 & 11 Vict. c. 98. Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction. As to provisions continued by 21 & 22 Vict. c. 50. —

(7) 11 & 12 Vict. c. 32. County Cess (Ireland). The whole Act. 20 & 21 Vict. c. 7.

(8) 14 & 15 Vict. c. 104. Episcopal and Capitular Estates Management. The whole Act so far as it is not repealed. 17 & 18 Vict. c. 116. 21 & 22 Vict 22 Vict. c. 94. 22 & 23 Vict. c. 46. 23 & 24 Vict. c. 124. 1 31 & 32 Vict. c. 114. B. 10.

1888.

Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1888. Ch. 38.

209

1. Original Acts. 2. How far continued. 1 3. Amending Acts.

(9) 17 & 18 Vict. c. 102. Corrupt Practices Prevention. (10) 23 & 24 Vict. c. 19. Dwellings for Labouring Classes (Ireland). So much as is continued by the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. The whole Act. 26 & 27 Vict. c. 29. s. 6. 31 & 32 Vict. c. 125. 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

24 A 25 c. 109. Salmon Fishery (England). As to appointment of inspectors, s. 31. 49 & 50 Vict. c. 39. s. 3.

(12) 26 & 27 Vict. c. 105. Promissory Notes. The whole Act. 45 & 46 Vict. c. 61.

(13) 27 & 28 Vict. c. 20. Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange (Ireland). The whole Act. —

(14) 28 & 29 Vict. c. 46. Militia Ballots Suspension. The whole Act. —

(15) 28 & 29 Vict. c. 83. Locomotives on Hoads. (16) 29 & 30 Vict. c. 52. Prosecution Expenses. The whole Act so far as it is not repealed. The whole Act. 41 & 42 Vict. c. 58. 41 & 42 Vict. c. 77. (Part H.)

(17) 31 & 32 Vict. c. 125. Parliamentary Elections. So much as is continued by the Corrupt A Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. 42 & 43 Vict. c. 75. 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

(18) 32 & 33 Vict. c. 21. Election Commissioners Expenses. The whole Act. 34 & 35 Vict. c. 61.

(19) 33 & 34 Vict. c. 112. Glebe Loans (Ireland). The whole Act. 34 & 35 Vict. c. 100. 41 Vict. c. 6.

(20) 34 & 35 Vict. c. 87. Sunday Observance Prosecutions. The whole Act. —

210

Ch. 38. Expiring Laws Continuance , 1888. 51 & 52 VICT.

1. Original Acts. *2. How far continued. 8. Amending Acts.

(21) 35 & 36 Vict. c. 33. Parliamentary and Municipal Elections (Ballot). The whole Act so far as it is not repealed. 45 & 46 Vict. c. 50. (Municipal Elections.)

(22) 38 & 39 Vict. c. 48. Police Expenses. The whole Act. —

(23) 38 & 39 Vict. c. 84. Be-tnrning Officers Expenses. The whole Act. 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.8.32. 48 & 49 Vict. c. 62. 49 & 50 Vict. c. 57.

(24) 39 & 40 Vict. c. 21. Juries (Ireland). The whole Act. —

(25) 41 A42 Vict. c. 41. Be-toraing Officers Expenses (Scotland). The whole Act. 48 & 49 Vict. c. 62. 49 & 50 Vict. c. 58.

(26) 41 & 42 Vict. c. 72. Sale of Liquors on Sunday (Ireland). The whole Act. —

(27) 43 Vict. c. 18. Parliamentary Elections. The whole Act, so far as it is not repealed. —

(28) 45 & 46 Vict. c. 59. Educational Endowments (Scotland). The whole Act, so far as it is temporary. —

(29) 46 & 47 Vict. c. 35. Diseases Prevention, Metropolis. The whole Act, so far as it is temporary, except 8. 11. 47 & 48 Vict. c. 60.

(30) 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51. Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention. The whole Act. —

(31) 47 & 48 Vict. c. 70. Municipal Elections (Corrupt and Illegal Practices). The whole Act. —

1888.

Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1888. Ch. 38.

211

Part II.

1. Original Acts. 2. How far continued. 3. Amending Acts.

44A 45 Vict. c. 49. Land As to the offices of two 50 & 51 Vict o. 33.

Law (Ireland). of the Land Commissioners and the filling of vacancies.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 73. Pur- As to the offices of two 50 & 51 Vict. c. 33.

chase of Land (Ireland). of the Land Commissioners and the filling of vacancies.

Part III.

1. 2. 3.

Original Acts. How far continued. Amending Acts.

49 & 50 Vict. c. 55. Shop Hours Regulation. The whole Act. —

SECOND SCHEDULE.

1. Original Acts. 2. How far continued. 3. Amending Acts.

82 & 33 Vict. c. 56. En- As to the powers of 36 & 37 Vict. c. 87.

dowed Schools (Schemes). making schemes and as to the payment of the salaries of additional Charity Commissioners. 37 & 38 Vict. c. 87.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 78. Educational Endowments (Ireland). As to powers of making schemes.

0 2

212

Ch. 39.

Public Works Loans Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

CHAPTER 39.

An Act to grant money for the purpose of certain Local Loans; and for other purposes relating to Local Loans.

[13th August 1888.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Grants for 1. — (1.) For the )>urpo3e of local loans there may be issued by

public works the National Debt Commissioners the following sums; namely,

Fishery Board, (a.) For the purpose of loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of two million pounds:

(b.)For the purpose of loans by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole one million pounds:

(c.) For the purpose of loans by the Fishery Board for Scotland, any sura or sums not exceeding in the whole thirty thousand pounds.

(2.) The sums so issued shall be issued during a period ending on the day on which a further Act granting money for the purposes of those loans comes into operation, and in accordance with the provisions of the National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887.

2. Whereas it is expedient that the principal of the several local loans specified in the schedule hereto should, to the extent of the amount specified in the last column of that schedule, not be reckoned as assets of the local loans fund established under the National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887: Be it therefore enacted that the principal of the said local loans shall, to that extent, be written off from the account of assets of the local loans fund, and the provisions of section fifteen of the said Act shall, so far as applicable, apply thereto.

Continuance of 3. Section six of the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1885, If Jas to which relates to the rate of interest on certain loans by the Public rate of interest Works Loan Commissioners and by the Commissioners of Public on loans. Works in Ireland, and which is limited to expire on the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight, shall be continued until the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and ninety-one.

Certain debts not to be reckoned as assets of the local loans fund.

Extension of 50 & 51 Vict. c. 33. 88. 24-27 as to commencement of reduction of annuity.

4. Whereas by sections twenty-four, twenty-five, and twenty-seven of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1887, provision is made for the reduction of such annuities, annual amounts, and interest as therein mentioned, as from the first gale day next after the passing of that Act, and doubts have arisen as to whether such reduction extended to the sums payable on such gale day, or to the amounts

1883.

213

Public Works Loans Act, 1888. Ch. 39.

accruing subsequent to such gale day, and it is expedient to remove such doubts: Be it therefore enacted that the provisions of the said sections shall extend to the reduction of the annuity, annual amount, and interest therein mentioned in respect of all sums accruing due and payable on the gale day next after the passing of that Act

5. Where land sold under the Land Law (Ireland) Acts as defined by the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1887, is subject with other land to any land improvement charge or drainage charge created in respect of a loan made by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, and those Commissioners have duly apportioned the charge between the land sold and other land, they may by the certificate setting forth the apportionment, or any other certificate, certify the amount of the original loan, the amount apportioned, the annual amount of rentcharge payable under the apportionment, the land charged with that amount, and the amount due in respect of the charge, and that certificate shall be conclusive evidence of the apportionment and of the matters so certified.

6. — (1.) Where land is subject to any land improvement charge or drainage charge, the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, may, on application being made to them in writing by the owner of the'land, or of any part of the land, or, in the case of land subject to a drainage charge, on the application of the drainage board of the district in which the land is situate, or, if they think fit, without any such application, apportion the charge between different portions of the said land, and may issue under their common seal a certificate setting forth such apportionment.

(2.) Upon any apportionment being made under this section, so much of the charge as is apportioned to each portion of land shall alone be deemed to be charged upon that portion.

(3.) An apportionment under this section shall not be made without the previous consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury.

(4.) For the purposes of this section —

The expression "land improvement charge " includes any charge for land improvement Joans payable to the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland under the Act of the session of the tenth and eleventh years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter thirty-two, intituled " An Act to facilitate the improvement of landed property in Ireland, " and the Acts amending the same:

The expression "drainage charge " includes any charge for drainage loans payable to the said Commissioners under the same Act and Acts amending it, or under the Act of the session of the fifth and sixth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter eighty-nine, or any subsequent Act; and also any charge payable to the drainage board of a drainage district under the Drainage and Improvement of Land Act (Ireland), 1863, and the Acts amending the same:

Effect of certificate of apportionment of improvement charge under

50 & 51 Vict. c. 33. s. 15.

Apportionment of land improvement and drainage charges.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 32.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 89.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 88.

214

Effect of certificate by Public Works Commissioners in Ireland.

Isle of Man Loans.

43 & 44 Vict. c. 8.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 47.

[Short title.]

Ch. 39. Public Works Tx>a Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

The expression u owner " in relation to any land includes any person who, for the purposes of any of the said Acts, is deemed to be owner or proprietor thereof:

The expression "drainage board " includes the drainage board or trustees of a drainage district constituted under any of the said Acts.

7. A certificate purporting to be under the common seal of the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland shall be evidence that any sum stated therein to be due to those Commissioners from any person named therein is so due, and that any sum stated therein to be due to the Commissioners and to be charged on any property named therein is so charged.

8. Whereas by the Isle of Man Loans Act, 1880, the Government of the Isle of Man may, with the approval of the Treasury and of the Tynwald Court, borrow money for the purposes in that Act specified, and amongst others, for effecting improvements in the harbours of that Isle, and it is expedient to extend the powers of that Government under that Act: Be it therefore enacted as follows:

(1.) The power of borrowing under that Act for harbour purposes shall include the powers of guaranteeing the repayment of any loan to be made to the Isle of Man Harbour Commissioners, under the Acts of Parliament relating to those Commissioners, and of giving the security mentioned in the Isle of Man Loans Act, 1880, as collateral or additional security to the security to be given by the said Harbour Commissioners for any such loan.

(2.) The Government of the Isle of Man shall be deemed to be a harbour authority within the meaning of section three of the Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c. Act, 1861.

9. This Act may be cited as the Public Works Loans Act, 1888.

SCHEDULE.

a

cr

o

o

eg

FT

To whom Advance was made. Purpose of Advance. Act authorising Advance. Amount advanced. Amount repaid. Amount outstanding. Amount to be written off against Assets of Local Loans Fund.

1. LOANS BY THE TREASURY.

Anglo-Multese Hydraulic Dock Company. Construction of Docks in Malta. 28 & 29 Vict. c. 106. £ t. d. 20,000 0 0 £ t. d. 18,000 0 0 £ i. d. 2,000 0 0 £ 5. d. 2,000 0 0

2. LOANS BY THE COMMISSIONERS OF PUBLIC WORKS, IRELAND.

1. Grand Jury, co. Galway -

2. William Harding -

3. The following tenants, viz.: —

1. Thomas Carpenter -

2. Michael Fitzpatrick

3. C. F. Richardson -

4. T. J. Nolan -

4. The following tenants, viz.: —

1. John Quinn

2. Patrick McDonagh -

3. Thomas Walsh Thomas Dwyer

5. John Collins

5. Clare Slob Land Reclamation Company.

Repair of Killeany Pier -

Erection of labourers dwellings.

I Improvement of their \ | leaseholds -

Improvement of their holdings.

Reclamation

lands.

of waste

16 & 17 Vict.

c. 136.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 44.

10 Vict. c. 32.

44 & 45 Vict C. 49. s. 31. '

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. S3.

£ s. d. £ s. d. £ l. d. £ t. d.

344 14 2 Nil. 344 14 2 344 14 2

390 0 0 8 6 3 381 13 9 381 13 9

200 0 0 4 3 7 195 16 5

400 0 0 2 4 4 897 15 8 I 785 <9

160 0 0 Nil. 160 0 0 1 7

40 0 0 8 10 6 31 9 6 J

56 0 0 I 4 2 54 15 10

59 0 0 5 3 9 53 16 3

55 0 0 1 18 1 53 1 11 V 566 13 3

325 0 0 11 3 3 313 16 9

95 0 0 3 17 6 91 2 6 J

129, 151 0 0 Nil. 129, 151 0 0 29, 151 0 0

131, 275 14 2 46 11 5 181, 229 2 9 31, 229 2 9

151, 275 14 2 18, 046 11 5 133, 229 2 9 33, 229 2 9

S

oc

3

fr

a

00

00

00

Q

09

CD

to

Ot

216

38 & 39 Vict o. 85.

50 & 51 Vict c. 31.

fixed:

And whereas the powers for the raising of money by the Act of 1887 conferred upon the Board have been partially exercised, but it is expedient that the Board should have power to raise certain further sums of money specified in the First Schedule to this Act annexed for the purposes, upon the terras, and subject to the limitations herein-after mentioned, and that the Act of 1887 should be amended:

And whereas it is expedient that the Board should be empowered to apply for the purpose of certain loans by the Board under this Act any money for the time being forming part of the Consolidated Loans Fund, and not required for the payments of the dividends on consolidated stock:

And whereas it is expedient that the Board should after the issue of consolidated stock be empowered to pay certain parts of the dividends due thereon out of the money and in the manner by this Act prescribed:

And whereas it is expedient that the Board should be empowered to raise certain of the moneys which they are by this Act authorised to raise and which it may be convenient to raise for a temporary period by the issue of bills with the consent of the Treasury for not less than three and not more than twelve months, to be repaid out of money raised by the creation of consolidated stock under this Act:

And whereas it is expedient that the provisions with respect to unclaimed stock, unclaimed dividends on stock, and unclaimed money applicable to the redemption of stock, contained in the Act of 1885, should be incorporated in this Act:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Ch. 40. Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) 51 & 52 .VICT.

Act, 1888.

CHAPTER 40.

An Act to further amend the Acts relating to the raising of Money by the Metropolitan Board of Works, and for other purposes.

[13th August 1888.]

WHEREAS by the Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1875 (in this Act referred to as "the Act of 1875"), the

raising of money by the Metropolitan Board of Works (in this Act referred to as " the Board ") for the purposes therein specified was regulated, and provision was made requiring that the borrowing powers granted to the Board by Parliament for the purposes therein named should for the future be limited both in time and amount:

And whereas by the Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1887 (in this Act referred to as "the Act of 1887"), the Board were empowered to raise certain sums of money for the purposes in the said Act mentioned, and limits of time and amount within which the powers by the said Act granted might be exercised were

1888. Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Ch. 40. 217

Act, 1888.

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1888, and the Metropolitan Board of Works (Money)

Acts, 1875 to 1887, and this Act may be cited together as the Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Acts, 1875 to 1888.

2. This Act shall be read and have effect as one with the Conitructio* Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Acts, 1869 to 1871, and the of Act* Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Acts, 1875 to 1887.

3. The expression "Parks and Open Spaces Acts in this Act Interpretation, shall mean the enactments specified in the Second Schedule to this Act annexed.

The expression "Main Drainage Acts " in this Act shall have the same meaning as is assigned to the same term in the Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1869.

The expression "Artizans’ and Labourers* Dwellings Improvement Acts " in this Act shall mean the enactments speciBed in the Third Schedule to this Act annexed.

4. — (i.) Sub-section (a.) of section nine of the Act 1887 shall be Amendment of

read and construed as if the amount which the Board were thereby authorised to expend for the purposes of providing station-houses, Actions (a ), fire engines, fire escapes, hydrants, fire plugs, and permanent plant, (*). («•)» iff ), for the purposes of the Fire Brigade Act, 1865, had been limited

to a sum of sixty thousand pounds, and such further sum as the J. n!t sub-’ Treasury may approve, instead of thirty-five thousand pounds, and section (i.). such further sum as the Treasury may approve.

(ii.) Bub-section (6.) of section nine of the Act of 1887 shall be read and construed as if the amount which the Board were thereby authorised to expend for the purposes of the Parks and Open Spaces Acts had been limited to a sum of sixty-one thousand pounds instead of forty thousand pounds, and the Second Schedule of the Act of 1887 shall be read and construed as if the Metropolitan Board of Works (Various Powers) Act, 1887, and the London Parks and Works Act, 1887, had been included therein.

(iii.) Sub-section (e.) of section nine of the Act of 1887 shall be read and construed as i^ the amount which the Board were thereby authorised to expend for the purposes of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Bridges, &c.) Act, 1883, including the freeing of East and West Ferry Roads, had been limited to a sum of eleven thousand pounds instead of seven thousand pounds.

(iv.) Sub-section (g.) of section nine of the Act of 1887 shall be read and construed as if the amount which the Board were thereby authorised to expend for the purposes of schemes made by the Board under the Artizans’ and Labourers’ Dwellings Improvement Acts had been limited to the sum of seventeen thousand pounds, and such further sum as the Treasury may approve, instead of eleven thousand pounds, and such further sum as the Treasury may approve, and all expenditure under this sub-section or under sub-section (iii.) of section five of the Act of 1887 shall be brought

r

218

Powers to expend money for the purposes of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Various Powers) Act, 1888, the Thames Tunnel

(Blackwall) Act, 1888,

Hampstead Heath En-

largement Acts, 1886 and 1888, Clissold Pork Act, 1887,

Ch. 40. Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) 51 & 52 Vict.

Act, 1888.

into one account and treated as expenditure under the Artizans and Labourers’ Dwellings Improvement Acts.

(v.) Sub-section (h.) of section nine of the Act of 1887 shall be read and construed as if the amount which the Board were thereby authorised to expend for the purpose of the Metropolitan Street Improvements Act,] 877, had been limited to a sum of forty-one thousand pounds, and such further sum as the Treasury may approve, instead of twenty-eight thousand pounds, and such further sum as the Treasury may approve.

(vi.) Sub-section (i.) of section nine of the Act of 1887 shall be read and construed as if the amount which the Board were thereby authorised to expend for the purposes of the Metropolitan Street Improvements Act, 1883, had been limited to a sum of forty-four thousand pounds instead of sixteen thousand pounds.

(vii.) Sub-section (L) of section nine of the Act of 1887 shall be read and construed as if the amount which the Board were thereby authorised to expend for the purposes of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Various Powers) Act, 1884, had been limited to a sum of twenty-three thousand pounds instead of eleven thousand pounds.

(viii.) Sub-section (m.) of section nine of the Act of 1887 shall be read and construed as if the amount which the Board were thereby authorised to expend for the purposes of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Various Powers) Act, 1885, had been limited to a sum of two hundred and sixty-four thousand pounds instead of one hundred and eighty-three thousand pounds.

(ix.) Section ten of the Act of 1887 shall be read and construed as if the amount which the Board were thereby authorised to expend had been limited to a sum of five hundred and one thousand pounds instead of three hundred and seventy thousand pounds.

(x.) Sub-section (i.) of section eleven of the Act of 1887 shall be read aDd construed as if the amount which the Board were thereby authorised to lend, and vestries or district boards were thereby authorised to borrow, had been limited to a sum of three hundred and fifty thousand pounds instead of three hundred thousand pounds.

5. The Board may, from time to time, up to the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine, expend for the purposes herein-after mentioned such moneys as they think fit, not exceeding the amounts limited in relation to such purposes respectively —

(i.) For the purposes of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Various Powers) Act, 1888, sixty-eight thousand five hundred pounds;

(ii.) For the purposes of the Thames Tunnel (Blackwall) Act, 1888, twenty-eight thousand pounds, all expenditure under this sub-section and all expenditure for the purposes of the Thames Tunnel (Blackwall) Act, 1887, shall be brought into one account, and treated as expenditure for the purposes of the Thames Tunnel (Blackwall) Acts;

1888. Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Ch. 40. 219

Act, 1888.

(iii.) For the purposes of the Hampstead Heath Enlargement VauxhaiiPark Act, 1886, and the Hampstead Heath Enlargement Amend- ^xto^p’ark ment Bill, 1888, if it becomes law, and the Clissold Park Act, 1888. (Stoke Newington) Act, 1887, if the Board should determine to purchase, two hundred and eighty-one thousand five hundred pounds, provided that if the Board should determine to purchase under the provisions of the Clissold Park (Stoke Newington) Act, 1887, any sum or sums of money received by the Board under the provisions of that Act shall be carried to the account out of which the purchase money has been paid;

(iv.) For the purposes of the Vauxhall Park Bill, 1888, and the Raleigh Park (Brixton) Bill, 1888, if the same or either of them become law, twenty-five thousand seven hundred and fifty pounds;

(v.) For the purposes of the Metropolis (Whitechapel and Lime-house) Provisional Order Confirmation Act, 1888, three thousand pounds.

Provided always, that the money to be raised and the consolidated stock to be created by the Board for any of the purposes mentioned in this section shall be raised and created by them from time to time in such amounts and at such times only as the Board shall actually require, and as the Treasury shall approve, for the purpose of carrying out the provisions of the said Acts in a proper and efficient manner.

6. The Board may from time to time during the year ending the Power to ex-thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and pen?"oney for eighty-nine expend for the purposes herein-after mentioned such ^sesdurin'g moneys as they may think fit, not exceeding the amounts limited the year 1889. in relation to such purposes respectively:

(a.) For the purposes of providing station-houses, fire-engines, fire-escapes, hydrants, fire-plugs, and permanent plant for the purposes of the Fire Brigade Act, 1865, fifty-five thousand 28 & 29 Vict, pounds, and such further sum as the Treasury may approve; c. 90.

(6.) For the purposes of the Parks and Open Spaces Acts, sixty-two thousand pounds;

(c.) For the purposes of the Metropolis Toll Bridges Act, 1877, 40 & 41 vict* including the cost of certain special works for the maintenance c*xcuc* and repair of certain of the bridges acquired by the Board under the said Act, and the commutation of pensions, three thousand pounds;

(d.) For the purposes of the Metropolitan Bridges Act, 1881, 44 & 45 Vict. and the Metropolitan Board of Works (Bridges) Act, 1884, vict

thirty-four thousand pounds, provided that the money c. ccxxriii. expended by the Board under the authority of this sub-section shall not, together with all money previously expended by the Board for the said purposes, exceed seven hundred and ninety-one thousand pounds;

220

50 & 51 Vict. c. clxxii.

42 & 43 Vict. c. cxcviii.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 34.

40 & 41 Vict. c. ccxxxv.

46 & 47 Vict. c. clxxviii.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 120.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 102.

47 & 48 Vict. c. ccxxiii.

48 & 49 Vict. c. cxii.

49 & 50 Vict. c. cxliv.

50 & 51 Vict. c. cvi.

Special power to expend money for purposes of

Ch. 40. Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) 51 & 52 Vict.

Act, 1888.

(e.) For the purposes of the Thames Tunnel (Blackwall) Act, 1887, three hundred and fifty-seven thousand pounds;

' (/.) For the purposes of the Thames River (Prevention of Floods) Act, 1879, one thousand pounds, and such further sum as the Treasury may approve;

(g.) For the purposes of the Chelsea Embankment under the London Parks and Works Act, 1887, six thousand pounds;

(h.)For the purposes of schemes made by the Board under the authority of the Artizans’ and Labourers' Dwellings Improvement Acts, fifty-four thousand pounds, and such further sum as the Treasury may approve;

(i.) For the purposes of the Metropolitan Street Improvements Act, 1877, one thousand pounds, and such further sum as the Treasury may approve, provided that the money expended by the Board under the authority of this sub-section, together with all money previously expended by the Board for the said purposes, shall not exceed four millions three hundred thousand pounds;

(j.)For the purposes of the Metropolitan Street Improvements Act, 1883, two thousand pounds, provided that the money expended by the Board under the authority of this sub-section shall not, together with all money previously expended by the Board for the said purposes, exceed seven hundred and eighty-two thousand seven hundred pounds;

(k.) For the purposes mentioned in section one hundred and forty-four of the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, and section seventy-two of the Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1862, and for the purposes of any improvement effected by the Metropolitan Board of Works and sanctioned by Parliament, expenditure in relation to which is not otherwise specially provided for by this Act, one hundred thousand pounds;

(I.) For the purposes of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Various Powers) Act, 1884, seven thousand pounds;

(m.) For the purposes of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Various Powers) Act, 1885, one hundred and fifty-one thousand pounds;

(n.) For the purposes of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Various Powers) Act, 1886, seven thousand pounds;

(o.) For the purposes of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Various Powers) Act, 1887, nine thousand pounds.

Provided always, that the money to be expended and the consolidated stock to be created by the Board for the purposes mentioned in this section respectively shall be raised and created by them from time to time in such amounts and at such times only as the Board shall actually require, and as the Treasury shall approve, for the said purposes respectively.

7. The Board may from time to time during the year ending the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine, expend for the purpose of adding to, extending,

1888.

221

Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Ch. 40.

Act, 1888.

enlarging, improving, and completing the works authorised by the Main Drainage Acts, including precipitation works and appliances, and vessels or barges for the removal of sludge, and for rendering such works and appliances, vessels, or barges efficient in such manner as to them may seem proper, and for extending, enlarging, and improving the main sewers transferred to and vested in the Board under and by virtue of the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, and for making 6uch other sewers and works and such alterations and diversions of such existing main sewers as may to them seem proj>er for the purpose of relieving, supplementing, and rendering such main sewers efficient, and for carrying into effect the several provisions in relation thereto mentioned in the said Acts, such money as they may think fit, not exceeding one hundred and forty-two thousand pounds, in addition to any moneys which they are authorised to expend under any Acts passed previously to the passing of this Act, and all the provisions of the Main Drainage Acts and the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, and the Acts altering or amending the same for the time being in force relating to the execution of works authorised by the said Acts respectively, shall continue in force and shall extend and apply respectively to the works executed by means of money raised for the purposes of this section, and all stock created under the authority of this Act for such purposes shall be deemed to be created for the purposes of the above-mentioned Acts respectively.

8. — (i.) Where a vestry or district board constituted under the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, or any Act amending or extending the same, desire in pursuance of authority vested in them by Act of Parliament to borrow money for any purpose thereby authorised, then from time to time during the year ending the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine, the Board may. lend to the vestry or district board, and the vestry or district board may borrow from the Board such money as the Board think fit, and as the vestry or district board are authorised and desire to borrow; but the total amount of all such loans shall not exceed three hundred thousand pounds; and

(ii.) Where any corporation, commissioners, burial board, or other public body (not being a vestry or district board constituted as aforesaid, a board of guardians, the managers of the Metropolitan Asylum District, or the School Board for London) having power to levy directly or indirectly rates in respect of lands in the metropolis as defined in the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, or to make charges on rates leviable in the metropolis as so defined, or to take or charge within the metropolis as so defined, dues or impositions in the nature of rates, desire, in pursuance of authority vested in them by Act of Parliament, to borrow money for any purpose thereby authorised, then from time to time during the year ending the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine, the Board may lend to the corporation, commissioners, burial board, or other public body, and they may borrow from the Board such money as the Board think fit, and as the corporation,

main drainage and main sewers.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 120.

Power to lend to vestries, district boards, corporations, commissioners, burial boards, or other public bodies.

222

18 & 19 Vict. c. 70.

Power to lend to boards of guardians.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 120.

Extension of amount of loans to the managers of Metropolitan Asylum District.

Ch. 40. Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) 51 & 52 Vict.

Act, 1888.

commissioners, burial board, or other public body are authorised and desire to borrow; but the total amount of all such loans shall not exceed one hundred thousand pounds.

(iii.) Commissioners for public libraries and museums, appointed or hereafter to be appointed under the Public Libraries Act, 1855, by the vestry of any parish in the metropolis as defined by the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, are hereby declared to be commissioners duly appointed, notwithstanding that such parish may be a parish in Schedule B. to the last-mentioned Act, and any loan by the Board under this Act to commissioners so appointed, and any security given by such commissioners to the Board shall be deemed in all respects valid and effective, provided the sanction of the vestry and the Local Government Board be given to the borrowing by the commissioners.

(iv.) Money borrowed from and lent by the Board under this section may, notwithstanding anything in any other Act, be made repayable, either in one sum or by instalments, as the Board and the borrowers shall agree, and in either case shall be repaid to the Board with interest within such time after the borrowing as the Board and the borrowers, with the approval of the Treasury, shall agree. Provided that the time after the borrowing within which such money shall be repaid to the Board shall not exceed, in the case of a loan for the purpose of improvements in relation to streets or bridges, or for the purpose of purchase of land in fee simple, sixty years, and for any other purpose thirty years.

9. Where a board of guardians of a union or parish wholly or for the greater part in the metropolis as defined in the Metro|>olis Management Act, 1855, desire in pursuance of authority vested in them by Act of Parliament to borrow money for any purpose thereby authorised, then from time to time during the year ending the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine, the Board may lend to the board of guardians, and the board of guardians may borrow from the Board such money as the Board think fit, and as the board of guardians are authorised and desire to borrow, but the aggregate amount of all such loans shall not exceed two hundred thousand pounds.

Money borrowed from and lent by the Board under this section shall, notwithstanding anything in an}r other Act, be repaid to the Board with interest within such time after the borrowing as the borrowers, with the consent of the Local Government Board, and the Board, with the approval of the Treasury, shall agree, not exceeding thirty years.

10, The Board may from time to time during the year ending the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine, lend to the managers of the Metropolitan Asylum District, in addition to the sums heretofore authorised to be lent by the Board to the said managers, such sums as the said managers are from time to time authorised by the Local Government Board

1888. Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Ch, 40. 223

Act, 1888.

to borrow, in pursuance of any Act for the time being in force, not exceeding in the whole fifty thousand pounds, as though the said sums were included in the amount authorised to be lent for such purposes by section thirty-seven of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1869, and the Acts amending the same. jj2^33 Vict *

11. Where the School Board for London desire, in pursuance of Power to lend authority vested in them by Act of Parliament, to borrow money to School for any purpose thereby authorised, then from time to time during the year ending the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine, the Board may lend and the School Board may borrow from the Board such money as the Board think fit, and as the School Board are authorised and desire to borrow, not exceeding three hundred thousand pounds.

Money borrowed from and lent by the Board under this section shall, notwithstanding anything in any other Act, be repaid to the Board with interest within such time after the borrowing, not exceeding fifty years, as the School Board, with the sanction (as the case may require) of the Education Department or of one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and the Board, with the approval of the Treasury, shall agree.

12. The Receiver of the Metropolitan Police District may borrow Power to lend from the Board, and the Board may from time to time, during the JJ the year ending the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight poiitan Police hundred and eighty-nine, lend to the Receiver, on the security of District.

the Metropolitan Police Fund, as defined by section seven of the Metropolitan Police Act, 1886, such money, not exceeding three hundred thousand pounds, as the Receiver is from time to time authorised to borrow; provided that the money lent by the Board, and borrowed by the Receiver, under this section, shall not, together with all money previously lent by the Board and borrowed by the Receiver exceed five hundred thousand pounds, and for the purpose of securing the repayment of any such sums and interest, the Receiver may mortgage to the Board the Metropolitan Police Fund as so defined.

Money borrowed from and lent by the Board under this section may, notwithstanding anything in any other Act, be made repayable either in one sum or by instalments as the Board and the Receiver shall agree, and in either case shall be repaid to the Board with interest within such time after borrowing as the Receiver, with the sanction of one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and the Board, with the approval of the Treasury, may agree.

Provided that the time after the borrowing within which such money shall be repaid to the Board shall not exceed, in the case of a loan for the purchase of freehold land, sixty years, and for any other purpose thirty years.

13. The Board may from time to time, during the year ending Power to lend the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and the Vestry eighty-nine, lend to the Vestry of Saint Pancras, and the Vestry of of t# ancrafi‘

224 Ch. 40. Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) 51 & 52 Vict.

Act, 1888.

Saint Pancras may borrow from the Board for the purposes authorised by the Saint Pancras Loans Amendment Act, 1887, such money as the Board think fit, and as the Vestry of Saint Pancras are authorised and desire to borrow; provided that the money lent by the Board and borrowed by the Vestry of Saint Pancras under this section shall not, together with all money previously lent by the Board and borrowed by the Vestry of Saint Pancras for the said purposes, exceed one hundred and ten thousand pounds.

Money may be borrowed from and lent by the Board under this section in addition to any money borrowed from or lent by the Board under section eight, and may be made repayable either in one sum or by instalments as the Board and the Vestry of Saint Pancras shall agree, and in either case shall be repaid to the Board, with interest, within such time after the lending, not exceeding fifty years, as the Board and the Vestry of Saint Pancras, with the approval of the Treasury, shall agree.

Protection of 14. Where, under the authority of this or any other Act, the ^certain0*86 Board lend any money to any corporation, body of commissioners, loans. n public body, or persons, the exercise of whose powers of borrowing is subject to the consent of the Local Government Board, the sanction of that Board to the borrowing of such money shall in every such case be conclusive evidence that such corporation, body of commissioners, public body, or persons had power to borrow such money.

Power to raise 15. In order to raise money for the several purposes for which consolidated Board a$e by this Act authorised to expend or lend money, the

Board may from time to time create consolidated stock. Provided always, that —

(i.) Where the Board under the authority of this Act create consolidated stock to raise money for the purpose of the Fire Brigade Act, 1865, or to enable them to make a loan repayable within a period not exceeding thirty years from the date of such loan, the Board shall from time to time carry to the Consolidated Loans Fund such sums as the Treasury approve, as being in their opinion sufficient to redeem within the period of thirty years from the date of the creation of such stock, or in the case of any such loan within any less period for which the same may be made, an amount of consolidated stock equal to that so created; and (ii.) Where the Board are by this Act authorised to make a loan, the Board, instead of raising money for any such loan by the creation of consolidated stock, may use for any such loan any money for the time being forming part of the Consolidated Loans Fund, and not required for the payments of the dividends on consolidated stock. Provided that no such money shall be used for any loan repayable at a date later than the date at which the consolidated stock redeemable by means of the money so used is required to be redeemed.

(iii.) Where the Board shall be of opinion that any money by this Act authorised to be raised for any purpose should be paid

1888.

Ch. 40.

225

Metropolitan Board WW/r.s (Money)

Ad, 1888.

off within a period of thirty years, or any less period, the Board instead of raising such money by the creation of consolidated stock may, with the approval of the Treasury, use for such purpose any money for the time being forming part of the Consolidated Loans Fund, and not required for the payment of the dividends on consolidated stock. Provided that no such money shall be so used unless provision shall be made in such manner as the Treasury approve for repaying the same to the Consolidated Loans Fund at or before the date at which consolidated stock redeemable by means of such money is required to be redeemed, and in every such case the Board shall from time to time raise as part of the consolidated rate such sums as the Treasury approve, as being in their opinion sufficient for the repayment at or before the date aforesaid of the money used for such purpose, and for the payment of the interest on the money so used, and such sums shall from time to time be carried by the Board to the Consolidated Loans Fund.

(iv.) Where the Board raise consolidated stock for the purpose of any scheme made by the Board under the authority of the Artizans’ and Labourers’ Dwellings Improvement Acts, there shall be repaid (as provided by the Artizans’ and Labourers* Dwellings Improvement Act, 1875) to the consolidated rate out of the local rate as defined by the said last-mentioned Act, all money required for payment of dividends on and the redemption of all consolidated stock ’treated for such purpose.

16. The Board maj’, from time to time, within twelve months after the issue of any consolidated stock, carry to the Dividend Account in the Consolidated Loans Fund, for the purpose of providing for the payment of dividends on such stock from the dates fixed at the time of such issue, though the same may be earlier than the dates fixed for receiving the cash instalments on account of such loan, so much of the money arising from the issue of such stock as they may require for that purpose, and as the Treasury approve, and may from time to time apply the money so carried to such Dividend Account to the payment of such dividends.

17. Notwithstanding anything in this Act or in any other Act relating to the Board, the Board may at such times and upon such terms as the Treasury may from time to time approve, raise from time to time any part of the money which they are by this Act authorised to raise, not exceeding in the whole the sum of five hundred thousand pounds, by the issue of bills under this Act.

18. A bill under this Act (in this Act referred to as a " metropolitan bill ") shall be a bill in form prescribed by regulations made in pursuance of this Act, for the payment of the sum named therein, in the manner and at the date therein mentioned, so that the date be not less than three nor more than twelve months from the date of the bill. Interest shall be payable in respect of

[thh law bbpobts.] P

Power for Board after issue of stock to apply money raised by stock to make up dividends from fixed dates.

Board may raise money by bills.

Form and length of currency and interest on metropolitan bilU.

226

Payment and applications of proceeds of metropolitan bills and charge of bills on consolidated rate.

Sections 18 and 19 and 21 and 22 of 46 & 47 Vict. c. 27. to apply to metropolitan bills under this Act.

Power to create consolidated stock partially suspended while metropolitan bills authorised to be raised.

82 & 88 Vict,

c. 102. s. 88., not to extend to money raised under this Act.

Repayments to be carried to Consolidated Loans Fund.

Limit to exercise of borrowing powers.

32 & 83 Vict c. 102.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 65.

Incorporation of sections 27 to 43 of 48* 40 Vict. c. SO *

Ch. 40. Metropolitan Board o Works (Money) 51 & 52 V rjt.

Act, 1888.

a metropolitan bill at such rate and in such manner as the Board, with the consent of the Treasury, may direct.

19. All moneys raised by the issue of any metropolitan bills shall be paid to the Board, and shall be expended by them for the purposes for which the same are by this Act authorised to be raised respectively. The principal money and interest expressed in any metropolitan bill to be payable shall be charged on the consolidated rate, and shall be payable out of the said rate, or as regards principal, out of moneys raised by the creation of consolidated stock under this Act for the purpose for which such principal money has been expended, and as regards interest, out of the Consolidated Loans Fund.

20. The provisions contained in sections eighteen and nineteen and sections twenty-one and twenty-two of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1883, with respect to metropolitan bill8 as defined by that Act, shall extend and apply with respect to metropolitan bills as defined by this Act, and for the purpose of such application the expressions "this Act " and " metropolitan bill uin the said sections shall be construed to mean respectively this Act and metropolitan bill as defined by this Act.

21. For the repayment of the principal money due on metropolitan bills the Board may, by the creation of consolidated stock, raise any sum which by this Act they are authorised to apply to the purposes for which such principal money has been expended, but, save as aforesaid, the powers given to the Board by this Act to raise moneys by the creation of consolidated stock shall be suspended to the extent to which moneys are for the time being authorised to be raised by the issue of metropolitan bills.

22. The limitation on the borrowing power of the Board contained in section thirty-eight of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1869, shall not extend to money raised by the Board for purposes mentioned in this Act.

23. All sums received by the Board in respect of interest on or principal of any loan made by them under this Act shall be carried to the Consolidated Loans Fund.

24. During the year ending the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine the Board shall not (except for such temporary period, not exceeding six months, as the Treasury may from time to time sanction) raise otherwise than in conformity with and to the extent mentioned in this Act any money under any powers of borrowing conferred upon the Boat'd either by this Act or any other Act whatsoever: Provided always, that the limitations contained in this section shall not extend to limit or control the raising of money under the authority of section thirty-four of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1869, or of section eight of Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1875, for the purposes in the said sections respectively mentioned.

25. Sections twenty-seven to forty-three inclusive of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1885, shall be deemed to be incorporated with this Act.

1888. Metropolitan Board (Money) Ch. 40.

Act, 1888.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

New Money Powers conferred in this Act.

Section of Act.

Purpose.

Amount.

See. 4 sec.

SUPPLKMF.NTAL UP TO 31ST DECEMBER 1888.

sub-

(i.) Fire Brigade (amount already sanctioned,

35,0002.) ......

(ii.) | Parks, Commons, and Open Spaces (amount I already sanctioned, 40,000l.)

(iii.) Bridges (under Act of 1883) (amount already sanctioned, 7,0002.)

(iv.) Artizans Dwellings (amount already sanctioned, 112, 8502. and 11,0002.)

(v.) Streets (under Act of 1877) (amount already sanctioned, 28,0002.) ...

(vi.) Streets (under Act of 1883) (amount already sanctioned, 16,0002.) -

(vii.)! Various Powers Act of 1884 (amount already I sanctioned, 11,0002.)

(viii.) Various Powers Act of 1885 (amount already i sanctioned, 183,0002.)

(ix.) Main Drainage (including Precipitation Works) (amount already sanctioned,

370,0002.) ......

(x.) i Loans to Vestries and District Boards (amount already sanctioned, 300,0002.) -

Sec. 5 subsec. (i.)

, (i»0

(iii-)

, (iv.)

a(V-)

Up to 31st December 1889.

Metropolitan Board of Works (Various Powers) Act, 1888 -

Thames Tunnel (Blackwall) Act, 1888 Hampstead Heath Enlargement and Clis-sola Park -Vauxhall Park and Brixton Park Artizans’ Dwellings (Whitechapel and Limehouse) -

Sec. 6 sub-sec. (a)

M (C)

, (d)

, (e)

if)

a ig)

1st January to 31st December 1889. Fire Brigade -

Parks, commons, and open spaces -Bridges, including Commutation of Pensions (under Act of 1877) ... Bridges (under Acts of 1881 and 1884) Thames Tunnel (Blackwall) -Thames River Prevention of Floods Chelsea Embankment (London Parks and Works Act of 1887)

Carried forward

£ s. d.

25,000 0 0

21,000 0 0

4,000 0 0

6,000 0 0

13,000 0 0

28,000 0 0

12,000 0 0

81,000 0 0

131,000 0 0

50,000 0 0

68, 500 0 0

28,000 0 0

281, 500 0 0

25, 750 0 0

3,000 0 0

55,000 0 0

62,000 0 0

3,000 0 0

34,000 0 0

357,000 0 0

1,000 0 0

6,000 0 0

1, 295, 750 0 0

228

Ch. 40. Metropolitan, Board of Work* (Money)

Art, 1888.

51 & 52 Vict.

Section of Act.

Purpose.

Amount.

Sec. 6 sub-

sec. (7*)

11 (»)

, O')

, ffl, M (»), Co) Sec. 7

Sec. 8 sec.

sub-

(i) (ii.)

Sec. 9

, 10

., 11 12

, 13

Brought forward Artizans’ Dwellings ...

Streets (under Act of 1877) -

Streets (under Act of 1883) including freeing footbridges over canal Improvements under the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, the Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1862, including improvements sanctioned by Parliament, for which no provision is elsewhere made in this Act Various Powers Act, 1884 -Various Powers Act, 1885 -Various Powers Act, 1886 -

Various Powers Act, 1887 -

Main Drainage (including Precipitation Works) -Loans to Vestries and District Boards

Loans to other public bodies Loans to guardians -

Loans to Managers of Metropolitan Asylum District -Loans to School Board for London -Loans to Receiver of the Metropolitan Police District -Loans to Vestry of St. Pancras

Amounts included above, which are re-grants of borrowing power previously granted:

Fire Brigade Parks, commons, and open spaces -Bridges (under Act of 1877) -Bridges (under Acts of 1881 and 1884)

Bridges (under Act of 1883) -Thames Tunnel (Black-wall) -Thames River, Prevention of Floods Chelsea Embankment (London Parks and Works Act of 1887) -Artizans’ Dwellings f Streets (under Act of 1877) -Streets (under Act of 1883) -

£ 8. J.

1, 295, 750 0 0

54,000 0 0

j 1,000 0 0

•2,000 0 0

1 100.000 0 0

- 7,000 0 0

151.000 0 0

7.000 0 0

i 9,000 0 0

1 142,000 0 0

i 300,000 0 0

100,000 0 0

200,000 0 0

i 50,000 0 0

! 300,000 1 0 0

300,000 0 0

1 110,000 0 0

3, 128, 750 0 0

£ 8. d.

20, 070 0 0

12.057 0 0

3,000 0 0

34,000 0 0

4,000 0 0

357,000 0 0

1,000 0 0

6,000 0 0

60,000 0 0

14,000 0 0

23, 362 0 0

535, 689 0 0 3, 128, 750 0 0

* This includes a sum of £10,000 sanctioned by the Treasury under sub-sec. 9 (g) of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1887.

t This is part of a nun of £20,000 sanctioned by the Treasury under sub-sec. 9 (A) of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1887.

X888,

Metropolitan Board of Works (Money)

Act, 1888. Ch. 40.

229

Section of Act.

Purpose.

8.

Brought forward - 535, 689 0 Improvements under Metropolis Management Act, 1855, Metropolis Management Amendment Act,

1862, including Improvements sanc-

tioned by Parliament for which no provision is elsewhere made in this Act . 55, 938 0

Various Powers Act,

1884 - 19,000 0

Various Powers Act.

1885 - . 112, 98-1 0

Various Powers Act,

1886 - . 7,000 0

Various Powers Act,

1887 - . 9,000 0

Main Drainage - - 126, 808 0

Loans to vestries and

district boards . 76, 993 0

Loans to other public

bodies . 59, 100 0

Loans to Guardians Loans to Managers of 76, 400 0

Metropolitan Asylum

District . 47, 061 0

Loans to School Board

for London - - 100,000 0

Loans to Receiver of

the Metropolitan

Police District - 300,000 0

Loans to Vestry of St.

Pancras - 110,000 0

Amount.

tl £ . d.

0 3, 128, 750 0 0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

1, 635, 973 0 0

New borrowing powers —

ri TWwl/for 1888, £21, 503 \ For Board | for lg89 830>828 }

P >. T rtaria / for 1^88 nil.

Fur Loans | for 1889 , 340 445 f

852, 331

640, 446

1, 492, 777 0 0

SECOND SCHEDULE. Sections 3

and 6.

Parks and Open Spaces Acts.

The Finsbury Park Act, 1857, 20 & 21 Vict. c. cl.

, Gardens in Towns Protection Act, 1863, 26 Vict. c. 13.

, Southwark Park Act, 1864, 27 Vict. c. iv.

, Metropolitan Commons Act, 1866, 29 & 30 Vict. c. cxxii.

, , Amendment Act, 1869, 32 & 33 Vict. c. 107.

, Hampstead Heath Act, 1871, 34 & 35 Vict. c. lxxvii.

230

Ch. 40. Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) 51 & 52 Vict.

Act, 1888.

The Metropolitan Commons Supplemental Act, 1871 (Blackheath), 34 A35

Vict. c. lvii.

, , , , , 1871 (Shepherd’s Bush),

34 A35 Vict. c. lxiii.

, , , , , 1872 (Hackney Commons),

35 & 36 Vict. c. xliii.

, , , , , 1873 (TootingBeck Common),

36 & 37 Vict. c. lxxxvi.

, Leicester Square Act, 1874, 37 Vict. c. x.

, Metropolitan Board of Works Act, 1874 (Finsbury Park), 37 & 38 Vict. c. xcvii.

, Metropolitan Board of Works (Various Powers) Act, 1875 (Tooting Graveney Common and Finsbury Park), 38 & 39 Vict. c. clxxix. s. 14.

, Metropolitan Open Spaces Act, 1877, 40 A41 Vict. c. 35.

, Metropolitan Board of Works Act, 1877, 40 Vict. c. viii. (Forest Hill Recreation Ground, Byelaws, Ac.).

, Metropolitan Commons Supplemental Act, 1877 (Clapham Common and Bostal Heath), 40 A41 Vict. c. cci.

, Metropolitan Commons Act, 1878, 41 & 42 Vict. c. 71.

, Plumstead Common Act, 1878, 41 & 42 Vict. c. cxlv. (Plumstead Common and Shoulder of Mutton Green).

, Wormwood Scrubs Act, 1879, 42 & 43 Vict. c. clx.

, Metropolitan Commons Supplemental Act, 1881 (Brook Green, Eel Brook Common, Ac.), 44 Vict. c. xviii.

, Metropolitan Board of Works (Hackney Commons) Act, 1881, 44 & 45 Vict. c. cxlviii.

, Metropolitan Open Spaces Act, 1881, 44 & 45 Vict. c. 34.

, Metropolitan Board of Works (Various Powers) Act, 1882 (Peckham Rye, Ac., and Tooting Beck), 45 & 46 Vict. c. lvi.

, Metropolitan Commons Supplemental Act, 1884 (Streatham Common), 47 & 48 Vict. c. ii.

, Metropolitan Board of Works (Various Powers) Act, 1884 (Plumstead Common and Hackney Commons), 47 & 48 Vict. c. ccxxiii.

, Metropolitan Board of Works (Various Powers) Act, 1885 (Highbury Fields, Dulwich Park, and Plumstead Common), 48 & 49 Vict. c. clxvii.

, Metropolitan Board of Works (Various Powers) Act, 1886 (Little Wormwood Scrubs and Dulwich Park), 49 & 50 Vict. c. cxii.

, Metropolitan Board of Works (Various Powers) Act, 1887 (Wandsworth Common, Bostal Heath, Brook Green, Ravenscourt Park, Penge Recreation Ground and W.C.’s in Parks, Ac.), 50 & 51 Vict. c. cvi.

, Open Spaces Act, 1887, 50 & 51 Vict. c. 32.

, London Parks and Works Act, 1887 (Victoria Park, Battersea Park, Kennington Park, Bethnal Green Museum Garden), 50 & 51 Vict. c. 34.

, Metropolitan Board of Works'(Various Powers) Act, 1888 (Kennington Park, Dulwich Park, Lands at Lewisham), 51 & 52 Vict. c. clvi.

Sections 3 and 6.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Artizans’ and Labourers’ D we [.lings Improvement Acts.

1868 31 and 32 Vic. Ch. cxxx. The Artizans* and Labourers’ Dwellings Act.

1875 38 and 39 Vic. Ch. 36. The Artizans’ and Labourers’ Dwellings Improvement Act.

1876 39 and 40 Vic. Ch. co. Whitechapel and Limehouse, Scheme.

1877 40 and 41 Vic. Ch. ciii. Goulston Street and Flower-and-Dean Street, Whitechapel, Scheme — St. George - the - Martyr Southwark, Scheme, and Bedfordbury, St. Martin-in-the-Fields, Ac., Scheme.

231

1888. Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Ch. 40, 41.

Act, 1888.

1

1877 | 40 and 41 Vic. 1 1 Ch. cxxxiii, i

1878 41 and 42 Vic. Ch. exii.

1879 42 and 43 Vic. Ch. lxx*x.

1879 42 and 43 Vic. Ch. lxxx.

1879 42 and 43 Vic. Ch. 63.

1879 42 and 43 Vic. Ch. 64.

1880 43 Vic. 1 Ch. 8.

1880 43 and Vic. 1, Cb. cxxxi. i

1^82 | 1883 | 45 and 46 Vic., 46 and 47 Vic., Ch. 54. Ch. xciv.

1883 1883 46 and 47 Vic. 46 and 47 Vic. Ch. xcv. Ch. xevi.

1883 | 1885 ! 1885 | 1885 | 46 and 47 Vic. 48 and 49 Vic. 48 and 49 Vic. 48 and 49 Vic. Ch. xcvii. Ch. xeix. Ch. c. Ch. 72.

1886 i 49 and 50 Vic. Ch. cxii.

1887 ! 1887, 1888; 50 and 51 Vic. 50 and 51 Vic. 51 and 52 Vic. Ch. ci. Ch. cii. Ch. xxxii.

Great Wild Street, St. Giles-in-the-| Fields, Scheme — Pear Tree Court, Clerkenwell, Scheme — Whitecross Street, St. Luke, Scheme — High Street, Islington, Scheme, and Old Pye Street, Westminster, Scheme.

' Bowman’s Buildings, Marylebone,

1 Scheme, and Essex Road, Islington, Scheme.

Little Coram Street, St. Giles, Ac., I Scheme — Wells Street, Poplar, Scheme, and Great Peter Street, 1 Westminster, Scheme.

' Whitechapel and Limehouse (Modification), Scheme.

The Artizans’ and Labourers’ Dwellings Improvement Act.

The Artizans* and Labourers’ Dwellings Act, 1868, Amendment Act.

An Act to amend the Artizans’ and Labourers’ Dwellings Act, 1868, Amendment Act, 1879.

, High Street, Islington (Modification), Scheme.

I The Artizans’ Dwellings Act.

Tench Street, St. George-in-the-East, i Scheme.

I Brook Street, Limehouse, Scheme.

J Windmill Row, New Cut, Lambeth, Scheme.

Trafalgar Road, Greenwich, Scheme, i Hughes Fields, Deptford, Scheme, j Tabard Street, Newington, Scheme.

The Housing of the Working Classes Act.

Metropolitan Board of Works (Various Powers) Act (Goulston Street, Ac., Scheme).

Cable Street, Shadwell, Scheme.

Shelton Street, St. Giles’, Scheme.

The Metropolis (Whitechapel and Lime-house) Provisional Order Confirmation Act.

CHAPTER 41.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to Local Government in England and Wales, and for other purposes connected therewith.

[13th August 1888.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

232

Ch. 41.

Local Government Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Port I. — County Councils.

Establishment of county council.

Composition and election of council and position of chairman.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 50.

PART I.

County Councils.

Constitution of County.

1. A council shall be established in every administrative county as defined by this Act, and be entrusted with the management of the administrative and financial business of that county, and shall consist of the chairman, aldermen, and councillors.

2. — (1.) The council of a county and the members thereof shall be constituted and elected and conduct their proceedings in like manner, and be in the like position in all respects, as the council of a borough divided into wards, subject nevertheless to the provisions of this Act, and in particular to the following provisions, that is to say: —

(2.) As respects the aldermen or councillors —

(a.) clerks in holy orders and other ministers of religion shall not be disqualified for being elected and being aldermen or councillors;

(b.) a person shall be qualified to be an alderman or councillor who, though not qualified in manner provided by the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, as applied by this Act, is a peer owning property in the county, or is registered as a parliamentary voter in respect of the ownership of property of whatsoever tenure situate in the county;

(c.) the aldermen shall be called county aldermen, and the councillors shall be called county councillors; and a county alderman shall not, as such, vote in the election of a county alderman;

(d.) the county councillors shall be elected for a term of three years, and shall then retire together, and their places shall be filled by a new election; and (e.) the divisions of the county for the purpose of the election of county councillors, shall be called electoral divisions and not wards, and one county councillor only shall be elected for each electoral division:

(3.) As respects the number of the county councillors, and the boundaries of the electoral divisions in every county —

(ft,) the number of the county councillors, and their apportionment between each of the boroughs which have sufficient population to return one councillor and the rest of the county, shall be such as the Local Government Board may determine; and (b.) any borough returning one councillor only shall be an electoral division; and

(c.) in the rest of the county the electoral divisions shall be such as in the case of a borough returning more than one councillor the council of the borough, and in the rest of the county the quarter sessions for the county, may determine, subject in either case to the directions enacted by this Act; and in the case of elections after the first, to any alterations made, in

1888.

Ch. 41.

283

Local Government, 1888.

Part I. — County Councils.

accordance with the said directions, in manner in this Act mentioned:

(4.) As respects the electors of the county councillors — the persons entitled to vote at their election shall be, in a borough, the burgesses enrolled in pursuance of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, and the Acts amending the same, and elsewhere the persons registered as county electors under the County Electors Act, 1888:

(5.) As respects the chairman of the county council —

(a.) he shall be called chairman instead of mayor; and (6.) he shall, by virtue of his office, be a justice of the peace for the county; but before acting as such justice he shall, if he has not already done so, take the oaths required by law to be taken by a justice of the peace other than the oath respecting the qualification by estate.

(6.) The county council may from time to time appoint a member of the council to be vice-chairman, to hold office during the term of office of the chairman, and, subject to any rules made from time to time by the county council, anything authorised or required to be done by, to, or before the chairman may be done by, to, or before such vice-chairman.

Powers of County Council.

3. There shall be transferred to the council of each county on and after the appointed day, the administrative business of the justices of the county in quarter sessions assembled, that is to say, all business done by the quarter sessions or any committee appointed by the quarter sessions, in respect of the several matters following, namely, —

(i.) The making, assessing, and levying of county, police, hundred, and all rates, and the application and expenditure thereof, and tho making of orders for the payment of sums payable out of any such rate or out of the county stock or county fund, and the preparation and revision of the basis or standard for the county rate;

(ii.) The borrowing of money;

(iii.) The passing of the accounts of and the discharge of the county treasurer;

(iv.) Shire halls, county halls, assize courts, judges lodgings, lock-up houses, court houses, justices rooms, police stations, and county buildings, works, and property, subject as to the use of buildings by the quarter sessions and the justices to the provisions of this Act respecting the joint committee of quarter sessions and the county council;

(v.) The licensing under any general Act of houses and other places for music or for dancing, and the granting of licences under the Racecourses Licensing Act, 1879;

(vi.) The provision, enlargement, maintenance, management, and visitation of and other dealing with asylums for pauper lunatics;

4a & 46 Vict. C. 50.

51 & 52 Vict. C. 10.

Transfer to county council of administrative business of quarter sessions.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 18.

234

Ch. 41.

51 & 52 VICT.

Local Government Act, 1888.

Part I. — County Councils.

41 & 42 Vict 42 Vict. c. 77.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 17.

32 St 33 Vict,

c. 49.

49 St 50 Vict. c. 38.

Transfer of certain powers under local Acts.

(vii.) The establishment and maintenance of and the contribution to reformatory and industrial schools;

(viii.) Bridges and roads repairable with bridges, and any powers vested by the Highways and Locomotives (Amendment) Act, 1878, in the county authority;

(ix.) The tables of fees to be taken by and the costs to be allowed to any inspector, analyst, or person holding any office in the county other than the clerk of the peace and the clerks of the justices;

(x.) The appointment, removal, and determination of salaries, of the county treasurer, the county surveyor, the public analysis, any officer under the Explosives Act, 1875, and any officers whose remuneration is paid out of the county rate other than the clerk of the peace and the clerks of the justices;

(xi.) The salary’' of any coroner whose salary is payable out of the county rate, the fees, allowances, and disbursements allowed to be paid bj* any such coroner, and the division of the county into coroners’ districts, and the assignment of such districts;

(xii.) The division of the country into polling districts for the purposes of parliamentary elections, the appointment of places of election, the places of holding courts for the revision of the lists of voters, and the costs of and other matters to be done for the registration of parliamentary voters;

(xiii.) The execution as local authority of the Acts relating to contagious diseases of animals, to destructive insects, to fish conservancy, to wild birds, to weights and measures, and to gas meters, and of the Local Stamp Act, 1869;

(xiv.) Any matter’s arising under the Riot (Damages) Act, 1886; (xv.) The registration of rules of scientific societies under the Act of the session of the sixth and seventh years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter thirty-six; the registration of charitable gifts under the Act of the session of the fifty-second year of the reign of George the Third, chapter one hundred and two; the certifying and recording of places of religious worship under the Act of the session of the fifty-second year of the reign of George the Third, chapter one hundred and fifty-five; the confirmation and record of the rules of loan societies under the Act of the session of the third and fourth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter one hundred and ten; and (xvi.) Any other business transferred by this Act.

4. Where it appears to the Local Government Board that any powers, duties, or liabilities of any quarter sessions or justices, or any committee thereof, under any local Act are similar in character to the powers, duties, and liabilities transferred to county councils by this Act, or relate to property transferred to a county council by this Act, the Board may, if they think fit, make a Provisional

1888. Local Government Act, 1888. Cff. 41. 235

Part I. — County Cou.

Order for transferring such powers, duties, and liabilities to the county council.

5. — (1.) After the appointed day a coroner for a county shall Appointment not be elected by the freeholders of the county, and on any vacancy of coroner8 occurring in the office of a coroner for a county, who is elected counly counci to that office in pursuance of a writ de coronatore eligendo, a like

writ for the election of a successor shall be directed to the county council of the county instead of to the sheriff, and the county council shall thereupon appoint a fit person, not being a county alderman or county councillor, to fill such office, and in the case of a county divided into coroners districts shall assign him a district; and any person so appointed shall have like powers and duties, and be entitled to like remuneration, as if he had been elected coroner for the county by the freeholders thereof.

(2.) Where the district of any such coroner is situate wholly within any administrative county, the council of that county shall, subject as herein-after mentioned, appoint the coroner.

(3.) Where the district of any such coroner is situate partly in one and partly in another administrative county forming part of an entire county, the joint committee for the entire county may arrange for the alteration in manner provided by law of the district, so that, on the next avoidance of the office of coroner of that district, or at any earlier time fixed by the joint committee when the alteration is made, the coroner’s district shall not be situate in more than one administrative county.

(4.) Until such arrangement is made, the joint committee for the entire county shall appoint the coroner for the said district, and the amount payable in respect of the salary, fees, and expenses of such coroner shall be defrayed in like manner as costs of the joint committee are directed by this Act to be defrayed.

(5.) Nothing in this Act respecting the appointment of a coroner shall alter the jurisdiction of a coroner for the entire county, or any power of removing such coroner, whether by writ de coronatore exonerando or otherwise, and all writs for the election or removal of a coroner shall be altered so as to give effect to this section.

(6.) Sections eleven and fourteen and the First Schedule of the so & si Vict. Coroners Act, 1887, and any other enactment relating to the election c* 71 of a coroner for a county by the freeholders of such county or any district thereof, are hereby repealed as from the appointed day, without prejudice to any tiling done or suffered, or any legal proceeding commenced or penalty incurred before such repeal takes effect.

(7.) A person who holds the office of coroner shall not be qualified to be elected as a county alderman or county councillor for the county for which he is a coroner.

6. The county council shall have power to purchase, or take Pow«r of over on terms to be agreed on, existing bridges not being at present JJUJSiM10 county bridges, and to erect new bridges, and to maintain, repair,

and improve any bridges so purchased, taken over, or erected.

236 Ch. 41.

51 & 52 Vict.

Transfer to county council of certain powers of justices out of session.

88 & 39 Vict. c. 17.

Reservation of business to quarter

sessions.

Towers ns to police.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 69.

Transfer to county counoil of powers of certain Government departments and other authorities.

Local Government, 1888.

Part 1. — County.

7. There shall be transferred to the county council on and after the appointed day the business of the justices of the county out of session —

(a.)in respect of the licensing of houses or places for the public performance of stage plays, and

(b.) in respect of the execution as local authority of the Explosives Act, 1875.

8. — (1.) Nothing in this Act shall transfer to a county council any business of the quarter sessions or justices in relation to appeals by any overseers or persons against the basis or standard for the county rate or against that or any other rate.

(2.) All business of the quarter sessions or any committee thereof not transferred by or in pursuance of this Act to the county council shall be reserved to and transacted by the quarter sessions or committee thereof in the same manner, as far as circumstances admit, as if this Act had not passed.

9. — (1.) The powers, duties, and liabilities of quarter sessions and of justices out of session with respect to the county police shall, on and after the appointed day, vest in and attach to the quarter sessions and the county council jointly, and be exercised and discharged through the standing joint committee of the quarter sessions and county council appointed as herein-after mentioned:

(2.) Provided that the powers conferred by section seven of the County and Borough Police Act, 1856, which requires constables to perform, in addition to their ordinary duties, such duties connected with the police as the quarter sessions may direct or require, shall continue to be exercised by the quarter sessions as well as by the said standing joint committee, and may also be exercised by the county council; and the said section shall be construed as if the county council and the said standing joint committee were therein mentioned as well as the quarter sessions.

(3.) Nothing in this Act shall affect the powers, duties, and liabilities of justices of the peace as conservators of the peace, or the obligation of the chief constable or other constables to obey their lawful orders given in that behalf.

10. — (1.) After the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for the Local Government Board to make from time to time a Provisional Order for transferring to county councils —

(a) any such powers, duties, and liabilities of Her Majesty's Privy Council, a Secretary of State, the Board of Trade, the Local Government Board, or the Education Department, or any other Government department, as are conferred by or in pursuance of any statute and appear to relate to matters arising within the county, and to be of an administrative character: also

(5) any such powers, duties, and liabilities arising within the county, of any commissioners of sewers, conservators, or other public body, corporate or unincorporate (not being the corporation of a municipal borough or an urban or rural authority or a school board, and not being a board of guardians) as are conferred by or in pursuance of any statute;

1888. Local Government Act, 1888. Ch. 41. 287

Part I. — County Council*.

and such Order shall make such exceptions and modifications as appear to be expedient, and also such provisions as appear necessary or proper for carrying into effect such transfer, and for that purpose may transfer any power vested in Her Majesty in Council:

(2.) Provided that before any such Order is made, the draft thereof shall be approved, if it relates to the powers, duties, or liabilities of a Secretary of State, or the Board of Trade, or any other Government department, by such Secretary of State, Board, or department, and approved, if it affects the powers, duties, or liabilities of any commissioners, conservators, or body, corporate or unincorporate, by such commissioners, conservators, or body; and every such Provisional Order shall be of no effect until it is conffrmed by Parliament.

(3.) If any such powers, duties, or liabilities as are referred to in any Provisional Order under this section arise within two or more counties, they may be transferred to the county councils of such two or more counties jointly, and may be exercised and discharged by a joint committee of such councils.

(4.) The Act of Parliament confirming any Provisional Order made under this section shall be a public general Act.

11. — (1.) Every road in a county, which is for the time being Entire main-a main road within the meaning of the Highways and Locomotives tenance of (Amendment) Act, 1878, inclusive of every bridge carrying such road ^"ty°council. if repairable by the highway authority, shall, after the appointed 41 & 42 Vict, day, be wholly maintained and repaired by the council of the county c* 77* in which the road is situate, and such council, for the purpose of the maintenance, repair, improvement, and enlargement of, and other dealing with such road, shall have the same powers and be subject to the same duties as a highway board, and may further exercise any powers vested in the council for the purpose of the maintenance and repair of bridges, and the enactments relating to highways and bridges shall apply accordingly; and the county council shall have the same powers as a highway board for preventing and removing obstructions, and for asserting the light of the public to the use and enjoyment of the roadside wastes; and the execution of this section shall be a general county purpose, and the costs thereof shall be charged to the general county account.

(2.) Provided that any urban authority may, within twelve months after the appointed day, or iu case of a road in the district of such authority becoming a main road at any subsequent date then within twelve months after that date, claim to retain the powers and duties of maintaining and repairing a main road within the district of such authority, and thereupon they shall be entitled to retain the same, and, for the purpose of the maintenance, repair, improvement, and enlargement of, and other dealing with such road, shall have the same powers and be subject to the same duties as if such road were an ordinary road vested in them, and the council shall make to such authority an annual payment towards the costs of the maintenance and repair, and reasonable improvement connected with the maintenance and repair of such road.

238

Ch. 41.

51 & 52 Vict.

Local Government, 1888.

Part I. — County Councils.

(3.) The amount of such payment shall be such annual sum ?is may be from time to time agreed on, or in the absence of agreement may be determined by arbitration of the Local Government Board.

(4.) The county council and any district council may from time to time contract for the undertaking by the district council of the maintenance, repair, improvement, and enlargement of, and other dealing with any main road, and, if the county council so require, the district council shall undertake the same, and such undertaking shall be in consideration of such annual payment by the county council for the costs of the undertaking as may from time to time be agreed upon, or, in case of difference, be determined by arbitration of the Local Government Board; and for the purposes of such undertaking the district council shall have the same powers and be subject to the same duties and liabilities as if the road were an ordinary road vested in them.

(5.) Provided that in no case shall a county council make any payment to a district council towards the costs of such undertaking as respects any road, or towards the costs of the maintenance, repair, or improvement of any road by an urban authority, until the county council are satisfied by the report of their surveyor, or such other person as the county council may appoint for the purpose, that the road has been properly maintained and repaired, or that the improvement or enlargement of or other dealing with the road, as the case may be, has been properly executed.

(6.) A main road and the materials thereof, and all drains belonging thereto, shall, except where the urban authority retain the powers and duties of maintaining and repairing such road, vest in the county council, and where any sewer or other drain is used for any purpose in connexion with the drainage of any main road, the county council shall continue to have the right of using such sewer or drain for such purpose, and if an}’ difference arises between a county council and any highway or sanitary authority as respects the authority in whom the drain is vested, or as to the use of any sewer or other drain, the council or the highway or sanitary authority may require such difference to be referred to arbitration, and the same shall be referred to arbitration in manner provided by this Act.

(7.) Where a county council declare a road to be a main road, such declaration shall not take effect until the road has been placed in proper repair* and condition to the satisfaction of the county council.

(8.) If at any time the county council are satisfied, on the report of their surveyor or other person appointed by them for the purpose, that any portion of a main real, the maintenance and repair of which are undertaken by any district council, is not in proper repair and condition, the county council may cause notice to be given to such district council, requiring them to place the road in proper repair and condition; and, if such notice is not complied with within a reasonable time, the county council may do everything that seems to them necessary to place the road in proper

1888. Local Government Act, 1888. Ch. 41. 239

Part I. — County Councils.

repair and condition, and the expenses of so doing shall be a debt of the said district council to the county council.

(9.) If any difference arises under this section between a county council and a district council as to the refusal of the county council to make a payment under this section to the district council in respect of any undertaking or road, or as to a road having been placed in proper repair and condition previously to its becoming a main road, or as to any notice given to the district council by the county council to place a road in proper repair and condition, such difference shall, if either council so require, be referred to the arbitration of the Local Government Board.

(10.) The county council may, if they think fit, contribute towards the costs of the maintenance, repair, enlargement, and improvement of any highway or public footpath in the county, although the same is not a main road.

(11.) Every authority having any power or duty to light the roads in their district shall have the same power and duty to light any main road in their district.

(12.) Anything authorised or required by law to be done by or to a highway or road authority shall, as respects a main road maintained by a county council, be authorised or required to be done by or to that council; and every authority having any power to break up any road in their district for the purpose of sewerage or otherwise shall have the like power of breaking up any main road in their district, but if the road is broken up the authority shall repair it to the satisfaction of the county council maintaining such road, and if it is not repaired to the satisfaction of the county council, that council may cause the necessary repairs to be done and may charge the costs against the authority, and the same shall be a debt due from the authority to the council.

(13.) Section twenty of the Highways and Locomotives (Amend- 41 & 42 Vict, ment) Act, 1878, shall apply as if it were herein re-enacted and in c- 77. terms made applicable to this section.

12. — (1.) After the appointed day, tolls shall cease to be taken Roads and on any road maintained and repaired by the Isle of Wight Highway l8, e °* Commissioners, under the Isle of Wight Highway Acts, 1813 and , g 1883, and after such day the Highways and Locomotives (Amendment) Act, 1878, as amended by this Act, shall apply to the Isle of Wight, and to every such road above mentioned, in like manner as if it were ceasing within the meaning of the said Act to be a turnpike road, and the Act of the session of the forty-fourth and forty-fifth 44 & 45 Vict, years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter seventy-two, *•72, shall be repealed.

(2.) Until provision is otherwise made by Parliament, or by a Provisional Order confirmed by Parliament, the repair and maintenance of the said roads shall continue to be undertaken by the said commissioners, and the county council for the county of Southampton shall pay such commissioners, in respect of the said repairs and maintenance, and of the expenses of the commissioners, such sums as may be agreed upon, or, in case of difference,

240 Ch. 41. Local Government Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Part I. — County Councils.

be settled by arbitration under this Act, and the provisions of this Act with respect to main roads shall apply as if the commissioners were a district council who had undertaken the maintenance and repair of such road.

Adaptation of 13. — (1.) After the appointed day no county road rate shall be

Wales roads1 levied, and tolls shall cease to be taken on any road maintained 7 & a Vict. and repaired by a county roads board in South Wales, in pursuance c. 91. of the South Wales Turnpike Trusts Act, 1844, and the Acts

amending the same, and after such day the Highways and Locomotives (Amendment) Act, 1878, as amended by this Act, shall apply to every county in South Wales as if the highway districts 25 & 26 Vict. in that county had been constituted under the Highway Act, 1862, 27<&*28 Vict. an<^ th Highway Act, 1864, or one of those Acts, and shall apply c. loi. to every such road as above-mentioned, in like manner as if it

were ceasing, within the meaning of the said Act, to be a turnpike road.

Power to county council to enlorcc provisions of 39 & 40 Vict. c. 75.

(2.) On the appointed day. every county roads board and district roads board in each county shall cease to exist, and the property, debts, and liabilities of any such board shall be transferred to the county council, and that council shall be the successors of the county and district roads boards, and the provisions of this Act, with respect to the transfer of the property, debts, and liabili-. ties of quarter sessions to county councils, and with respect to the officers and servants of quarter sessions, shall apply as if they were herein re-enacted and made applicable to the property, debts, liabilities, and officers of the said county and district roads boards.

(3.) For the following purposes (that is to say):

(a.) For giving effect to the said transfer of the property, debts, and liabilities, and for controlling th officers and servants transferred by this section to the county council, and otherwise winding up the affairs of the county and district roads boards; and

(5.) For the purpose of the appointment of the surveyor of a highway board, the alteration of a highway district, and other purposes relating to highway boards; the county council of every county in South Wales shall have all the powers of a county roads board in a county under the South Wales Turnpike Trusts Act, 1844, and the Acts amending the same, so, however, that nothing shall confer on the county council any power to levy any toll or county road rate.

14, — (1.) On and after the appointed day a county council shall have power, in addition to any other authority, to enforce the provisions of the Rivers Pollution Prevention Act, 1876 (subject to the restrictions in that Act contained), in relation to so much of any stream as is situate within, or passes through or by, any part of their county, and for that purpose they shall have the same powers and duties as if they were a sanitary authority within the meaning of that Act, or any other authority having power to enforce the provisions of that Act, and the county were their district.

1888.

Ch. 41.

241

Local Government , 1888.

Part I. — County Councils.

(2.) Any county council shall have power to contribute towards the costs of any prosecution under the said Act instituted by any other county council or by any urban or rural authority.

(3.) The Local Government Board, by Provisional Order made on the application of the council of any of the counties concerned, may constitute a joint committee or other body representing all the administrative counties through or by which a river, or any specified portion of a river, or any tributary thereof, passes, and may confer on such committee or body all of the powers of a sanitary authority under the Rivers Pollution Prevention Act, 1876, or such of them as may be specified in the Order; and the Order may contain such provisions respecting the constitution and proceedings of the said committee or body as may seem proper, and may provide for the payment of the expenses of such committee or body by the administrative counties represented by it, and for the audit of the accounts of such committee or body, and their officers.

15. The county council of an administrative county shall have the same powers of opposing Bills in Parliament, and of prosecuting or defending any legal proceedings necessary for the promotion or protection of the interests of the inhabitants of the county, as are conferred on the council of a municipal borough by the Act of the thirty-fifth and thirty-sixth years of Victoria, chapter ninety-one; and subject as herein-after provided the provisions of that Act shall extend to a county council as if such council were included in the expression "governing body, " and the administrative county were the district in the said Act mentioned.

Provided that —

(a.) No consent of owners and ratepayers shall be required for any proceedings under this section;

(6.) This section shall not empower a county council to promote any Bill in Parliament, or to incur or charge any expense in relation thereto.

16. — (1.) A county council shall have the same power of making byelaws in relation to their county, or to any specified part or parts thereof, as the council of a borough have of making byelaws in relation to their borough under section twenty-three of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, and section one hundred and eighty-seven of the Public Health Act, 1875, shall apply to such byelaws:

(2.) Provided that byelaws made under the powers of this section shall not be of any force or effect within any borough.

17. — (1.) The council of any county may, if they see fit, appoint and pay a medical officer of health, or medical officers of health, who shall not hold any other appointment or engage in private practice without express written consent of the council.

(2.) The county council and any district council may from time to time make and carry into effect arrangements for rendering the services of such officer or officers regularly available in the district of the district council, on such terms as to the contribution by the

Council to have power to oppose Bills in Parliament.

Power of county council to make byelaws.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 50.

38 & 39 Vict. 0. 55.

Power of county councils to appoint medical officer of health.

242

CH. 41

Local Government Act, 1888. 51 & 52 VICT.

Part I. — County Councils.

district council to the salary of the medical officer, or otherwise, as may be agreed, and the medical officer shall have within such district all the powers and duties of a medical officer appointed by a district council.

(3.) So long as such an arrangement is in force, the obligation of the district council under the Public Health Act, 1875, to appoint a medical officer of health shall be deemed to be satisfied without the appointment of a separate medical officer.

Qualification of jg Except where the Local Government Board, for reasons ofhc^h0. CeM brought to their notice, may see fit in particular cases specially to allow, no person shall hereafter be appointed the medical officer of health of any county or county district, or combination of county districts, or the deputy of any such officer, unless he be legally qualified for the practice of medicine, surgery, and midwifery.

(2.) No person shall after the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and ninety-two be appointed the medical officer of health of any county or of any such district or combination of districts, as contained, according to the last published census for the time being, a population of fifty thousand or more inhabitants, unless he is qualified as above-mentioned, and also either is registered in the medical register as the holder of a diploma in saintary science, public health, or State medicine under section twenty-one 49 & 50 Vict, of the Medical Act, 1886, or has been during three consecutive c* 48‘ years preceding the year one thousand eight hundred and ninety-

two a medical officer of a district or combination of districts, with a population according to the last published census of not less than twenty thousand, or has before the passing of this Act been for not less than three years a medical officer or inspector of the Local Government Board.

Power of 10. — (1.) Every medical officer of health for a district in any

Bh&U sen<^ to the county council a copy of every periodical me^Ucid^officer report of which a copy is for the time being required by the regu-of health. lations of the Local Government Board to be sent to the Board, and if a medical officer fails to send such copy the county council may refuse to pay any contribution, which otherwise the council would in pursuance of this Act pay, towards the salary of such medical officer.

(2.) If it appears to the county council from any such report that the Public Health Act, 1875, has not been properly put in force within the district to which the report relates, or that any other matter affecting the public health of the district requires to be remedied, the council may cause a representation to be made to the Local Government Board on the matter.

Financial Relations between Exchequer and County, and Contributions by County foi' Costs of Union Officers.

Payment to 20. — (1.) After the financial year ending on the thirty-first

o^iSceStaof dfty ^arc^ next a^ter the passing of this Act, the Commis-duSea on local sioners of Inland Revenue shall from time to time, in such manner

1888. Local Government Act, 1888. Cfl. 41. 243

Part I. — County Councils.

and under such regulations as the Treasury from time to time taxation li-prescribe, pay into the Bank of England to such account (in this cences‘

Act referred to as the Local Taxation Account) as may be fixed by the regulations, such sums as may be ascertained in manner provided by the regulations to be the proceeds of the duties collected by those Commissioners in each administrative county in England and Wales on the licences (in this Act referred to ns local taxation licences) specified in the First Schedule to this Act, and for the purposes of this section all penalties and forfeitures recovered in respect of the said duties shall be considered as part of the proceeds of the duties.

(2.) The amount ascertained as aforesaid to have been collected in each county in respect of duties on local taxation licences shall, from time to time, be certified by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, and paid under the direction of the Local Government Board out of the Local Taxation Account to the council of such county. The Commissioners may, if they think fit, vary such certificate, but unless so varied, their certificate shall bs conclusive.

(3.) It shall be lawful for Her Majesty the Queen from time to time by Order in Council made on the recommendation of the Treasury to transfer to county councils as from the date specified in the Order the power to levy the duties on all or any of the local taxation licences, and after such date every county council and their officers shall (subject nevertheless to any exceptions and modifications contained in the Order) have within their county, for the purpose of levying the duties transferred, the same powers, duties, and liabilities as the Commissioners of Inland Revenue and their officers have with respect to the duties transferred, and to the issue and cancellation of licences on which the duties are imposed, and other matters under the Acts relating to those duties and licences, and all enactments relating to those duties and licences, and to punishments and penalties connected therewith, shall apply accordingly.

(4.) Provided as follows: —

(i.) All penalties and forfeitures recovered by a county council in pursuance of this section shall, instead of being paid to the Exchequer, be paid to the county fund, and carried to the same account as the duties.

(ii.) The county council shall have, as respects the said duties and licences, the power given by the said Acts to the Treasury for the restoration of any forfeiture, and the mitigation or remission of any penalty or any part thereof.

(iii.) Nothing in this section shall confer on the county council any special privileges of the Crown as respects legal proceedings.

(5.) On a transfer under this section of the power to levy the duties on any licence —

(a.) the county council shall provide for issuing, in different parts of their county, their licence for the same purpose, so as to enable persons to obtain it near their residences; and

244

Ch. 41.

51 & 52 Vict.

Grant to county council of portion of probate duty.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 12.

Distribution of probate duty grant.

Application of duties on local taxation licences and probate duty grant.

Local Government Act, 1888.

Part I. — County Councils.

(b.) if such licence has operation in any place in the United Kingdom outside the county in which it is issued, the licence of a county council for the same purpose shall continue to have the like operation outside the county in such place.

2L After the financial year ending the thirty-first day of March next after the passing of this Act, the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall, from time to time, in such manner and under such regulations as the Treasury may from time to time prescribe, pay into the Bank of England to the Local Taxation Account, such sums as may be ascertained in manner provided by the regulations to be four fifth parts of one half of the proceeds of the sums collected by them in respect of the probate duties, and for the purpose of this section " probate duties" means the stamp duties charged on the affidavit required from persons applying for probate or letters of administration in England, Wales, or Ireland, and on the inventory exhibited and recorded in Scotland, and also the stamp duties charged on such accounts of personal and movable property as are specified in section thirty-eight of the Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1881, and also includes the proceeds of all penalties and forfeitures recovered in relation to such stamp duties.

22. — (I.) The sums paid in pursuance of this Act to the Local Taxation Account, in respect of the proceeds of the probate duties (in this Act referred to as the " probate duty grant "), shall, until Parliament otherwise determine, be distributed among the several counties in England and Wales in proportion to the share which the Local Government Board certify to have been received by each county during the financial year ending the thirty-first day of March next before the passing of this Act out of the grants heretofore made out of the Exchequer in aid of local rates, which will cease to be granted after the passing of this Act, and the share to he so certified shall be estimated in such manner as the Local Government Board direct.

(2.) In the case of the six counties of South Wales and the Isle of Wight there shall be added to the amount actually received out of such grants as aforesaid such additional sum as the Local Government Board certify to be the amount which each of the said counties and the Isle of Wight would have received, if the roads maintained by the county roads boards or the highway commissioners had been main roads.

(3.) The proportion to be paid to each county shall from time to time be paid under the direction of the Local Government Board to the county council out of the Local Taxation Account. The Board may, if they think proper, vary their certificate, but unless it is so varied, their certificate shall be conclusive.

23. — (1.) All sums from time to time received by a county council in respect of —

(a.) the duties on the local taxation licences, whether collected by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue or by the county council; and

1888.

Ch. 41.

24 5

Local Government Act, 1888.

Part I. — County Councils.

(6.) the probate duty grant, shall be paid to the comity fund and carried to a separate account, in this Act referred to as the Exchequer Contribution Account.

(2.) All sums for the time being standing to the Exchequer Contribution Account shall be applied —

(i.) in paying the costs incurred in respect thereof, or otherwise chargeable thereon; and (ii.) in payment of the sums required by this Act to be paid by the county council in substitution for local grants; and (iii.) in payment of the grant required by this Act to be made by the county council in respect of costs of union officers; and

(iv.) in repaying to the general county account of the county fund the costs on account of general county purposes for which the whole of the area of the county is liable to be assessed to county contributions; and shall be so applied in the order above mentioned.

(3.) If any surplus remains after paying the above costs and sums, such proportion of the surplus, as the total rateable value of the area of each quarter sessions borough exempt from contributing to any special county purpose, bears to the rateable value of the whole county, shall be paid to the council of that borough, and the remainder shall be applied as follows:

(4.) It shall first be applied towards repaying to the proper special accounts of the county fund, the costs on account of which the area of the county, exclusive of such quarter sessions boroughs, is liable to be assessed to county contributions;

(5.) Provided that where any of the said quarter sessions boroughs to which a payment of a proportion of the surplus is made as aforesaid is liable to be assessed to county contributions for any of such last-mentioned costs, there shall be deducted from the amount payable to the council of that borough in respect of the said surplus, such sum as would have been raised within the area of the borough if the amount of such costs had been raised by county contributions.

(6.) If there remains any sum after repaying the said costs to the said accounts of the county fund, such residue shall be divided as follows, that is to say, such proportion thereof, as the total rateable value of the area of each borough maintaining a separate police force under the County and Borough Police Acts, and not being a quarter sessions borough above-mentioned, bears to the rateable value of the whole county, after deduction of the rateable value of every quarter sessions borough above-mentioned, shall be paid to the council of the borough, and the rest shall be applied towards repaying to the proper special accounts of the county fund the costs of the police, and other costs on account of which the area of the county, exclusive of all the said boroughs, is liable to be assessed to county contributions. Where a town, not being a borough, maintains its own police and receives any payment from the county council in pursuance of this Act towards the pay and

24G

Ch. 41.

Payments by county council in substitution for annual local giants out of Exchequer in aid of local rates.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 84.

Local Government Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

PaH I. — County Councils.

clothing of such police, this enactment shall apply to such town as if it were a borough, and as if the sanitary authority therein were the council of the borough.

(7.) If any balance remains after all the above payments are made, and is in excess of what the county council consider necessary to carry forward to the next account, such excess shall be divided among the district councils other than the councils of quarter sessions or other boroughs to whom portions of the surplus have been paid under the foregoing provisions of this section, and shall be so divided in proportion to the rateable value of the area of each district.

(8.) Where any part of a county is situate within the Metropolitan Police district, this section shall apply as if that part were the area of a borough maintaining a separate police force, save that the sum which would be payable to such borough shall be paid to the district councils of the county districts wholly or partly situate in such part, and shall be divided among such district councils in proportion to the rateable value of the area of each district, or of so much thereof as is within the Metropolitan Police district.

(9.) All sums paid in pursuance of this section shall be carried, if paid to the council of a borough, to the borough fund, and if paid to a district council other than the council of a borough, to the district fund, and shall be applied to purposes for which the whole of the borough or district is liable to be rated.

(10.) The rateable value for the purpose of this section, shall be determined according to the standard or basis for county contributions for the time being.

24. Whereas certain grants heretofore made out of the Exchequer in aid of local rates (in this Act referred to as local grants) will by reason of the duties on the local taxation licences and the probate duty grant being by this Act made payable to local authorities, cease, it is therefore hereby enacted as follows: —

(1.) So much of any enactment as requires or authorises payment out of the Exchequer of any local grant in substitution for which the county council is required by this Act to make any payment is hereby repealed as from the thirty-first day of March next after the passing of this Act without prejudice to any right accrued before that day.

(2.) In substitution for local grants, the council of each county shall from time to time as from the said day pay out of the county iund and charge to the Exchequer Contribution Account the following sums, that is to say —

(a.) they shall pay to the guardians for every poor law union or officer for any other area wholly or partly in the county (as the case may be) such sums as the Local Government Board from time to time certify to be due from the said council in substitution for the local grants towards the remuneration of teachers in poor law schools, and for payments to public vaccinators under section five of the Vaccination Act, 1867; and

1888. Local Government Act, 1888. Ch. 41.

Part I. — Comity Councils.

(b.) they shall pay to the guardians of every poor law union the school fees paid for pauper children sent from a workhouse to a public elementary school outside the workhouse; and (c.) they shall pay to every local authority, for any area wholly or partly in the county, by whom a medical officer of health or inspector of nuisances is paid, one half of the salary of such officer, where his qualification, appointment, salary, and tenure of office are in accordance with the regulations made by order under the Public Health Act, 1875, or any Act repealed by 38 & that Act, but if the Local Government Board certify to the 55 council that such medical officer has failed to send to the Local Government Board such report and returns as are for the time being required by the regulations respecting the duties of such officer made by order of the Board under any of the said Acts, a sum equal to such half of the salary shall be forfeited to the Crown, and the council shall pay the same into Her Majesty's Exchequer and not to the said local authority; and

(d.) they shall pay to the guardians paying the registrars of births and deaths for any district wholly or partly in the county a sum equal to the amount paid out of local grants towards the remuneration of the registrars paid by those guardians during the financial year ending on the thirty-first day of March next after the passing of this Act; and (e.) they shall transfer to that account of the county fund to which the maintenance of any pauper lunatic chargeable to the county is charged, a sum equal to four shillings a week for each such pauper lunatic, for whom the net charge upon the county council, after deducting any amount received by the county council for the maintenance of such lunatic from any source other than local rates, is equal to or exceeds four shillings a week throughout the period of maintenance for which the sum is so transferred; and (/.) they shall pay to the guardians of every poor law union wholly or partly in the county a sum equal to four shillings a week for each pauper lunatic chargeable to that union, and maintained in an asylum, registered hospital, or licensed house, for whom the net charge upon the guardians, after deducting any amount received by them for the maintenance of such lunatic from any source other than local rates, is equal to or exceeds four shillings a week throughout the period of maintenance for which the sum is so paid; and (g.) they shall pay to the council of each borough to which the maintenance of any pauper lunatic is chargeable, a sum equal to four shillings a week for each such pauper lunatic for whom the net charge upon the council of the borough, after deducting any amount received by them for the maintenance of such lunatic from any source other than local rates, is equal to or exceeds four shillings a week throughout the period of maintenance for which the sum is so paid; and

247

39 Vict.

248

Ch. 41.

61 & 52 VICT.

19 & iOViet, c. 69.

Local Government, 1888.

Part I. — County Councils.

(h.) they shall transfer to that account of the county fund to which the compensation payable to the clerk of the peace of a county, or any other officer of quarter sessions for the county, under section eighteen of the Act of the session of the eighteenth and nineteenth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter one hundred and twenty-six is charged, the amount of such compensation; and (i.) they shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, transfer to the police account of the county fund a sum equal to one half of the costs of the pay anti clothing of the police of the county during the preceding year; and (j.) they shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, pay to the council of each borough maintaining a separate police force under the County and Borough Police Acts, one half of the costs of the pay and clothing of the police of that borough during the preceding year; and (k.) they shall, if within their county sums are raised by rates for the purpose of the metropolitan police, pay to the receiver for the metropolitan police district in each year, a sum bearing such proportion to the sum actually raised in the same year by rates from the parishes in that county for the said purpose as a Secretary of State certifies to be the proportion which would have been contributed out of the Exchequer under the arrangement in force during the financial year next before the passing of this Act.

(3.) A reference in sections one hundred and eighty-nine and one hundred and ninety-one of the Public Health Act, 1875, to officers any portion of whose salary is paid out of moneys provided by Parliament shall be construed to refer to those officers in respect of whose salaries payment is made by a county council in pursuance of this section.

(4.) Where any payment towards the pay and clothing of the police of any town has been made in pursuance of section eighteen of the County and Borough Police Act, 1856, which authorises such payment to be made until the discontinuance of the police, the like payment shall, notwithstanding anything in this section, be made by the county council to the authority of such town until such discontinuance.

(5.) Where a sum is payable under this section to the guardians, authority, or officer of a union or other area, and such union or area is situate in more administrative counties than one, a proportionate part only of the sum otherwise payable shall be paid by the council of each of such counties to the guardians, authority, or officer, and the Local Government Board shall certify the proportionate part due from the council of each such county.

(6.) The guardians, authority, or officer to whom a sum is payable under this section on the certificate of the Local Government Board, shall submit to the Board their claim to the payment in such manner, and produce such evidence and comply with such rules as the Board from time to time require or make, and the Board

1888.

Ch. 41.

249

Local Government Ac, 1888.

Part I, — County Councils.

shall fix the amount due on the like principles, and may impose the like conditions for the payment thereof as before the passing of this Act.

(7.) The Local Government Board may, if they think fit, vary a certificate granted for the purposes of this section, but, unless so varied, it shall be conclusive.

26. — (1.) If a Secretary of State withholds, as respects the police As to Secretary of any county, his certificate under the County and Borough Police ^relpect-Act, 1856, that the police of the county has been maintained in a Eg efficiency state of efficiency in point of numbers and discipline during the of police, year ending on the twenty-ninth day of September then last past, the council of that county, in lieu of transferring any sum under the foregoing provisions of this Act to the police account of the county fund, snail forfeit to the Crown and shall pay into Her Majesty's Exchequer out of the county fund, and shall charge to the Exchequer Contribution Account of that fund, such sum as the Secretary of State certifies to be in his opinion equivalent to one half of the cost of the pay and clothing of the police of the county during the said year.

(2.) If a Secretary of State withholds, as respects the police of any borough, his certificate under the County and Borough Police 19 & 20 Vict. Act, 1856, that the police of the borough, has been maintained in c> 69# a state of efficiency-in point of numbers and discipline for the year ending on the twenty-ninth day of September then last past, no payment shall be made by the county council to the council of the borough in respect of one half of the costs of the pay and clothing of the police of that borough during the said year, and such amount as a Secretary of State certifies to be in his opinion the equivalent of such one half shall be transferred by the county council from the Exchequer Contribution Account to the general county account and applied to the general purposes of the county.

26. — (1.) After the thirty-first day of March next after the Grant by passing of this Act, every county council, other than the London towS^costs1 comity council, shall grant to the guardians of every poor law of officers of union wholly or partly in their county, an annual sum for the union, costs of the officers of the union and of district schools to which the union contributes; and, until Parliament otherwise determine, the said annual sum shall be such sum as the Local Government Board certify to have been expended by the guardians of each poor law union during the financial year ending the twenty-fifth day of March next before the passing of this Act, on the salaries, remuneration, and superannuation allowances of the Said officers (other than teachers in poor law schools), and on drugs and medical appliances.

(2.) Where a j>oor law union is situate in more counties than one, the payment under this section to the guardians of the union shall be borne by the counties in which each portion of such union is situate, in proportion to the rateable value of that portion, ascertained on such day as the Local Government Board may fix.

s

250

Ch. 41.

Supplemental provisions as to local taxation account and Exchequer contribution account.

General provisions as to powers transferred to county council.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 17.

Summary proceeding for determination of questions as

Local Government Act, 1888. 51 & 52 VICT.

Part J. — County Councils.

27. — (1.) When a county council are required under the provisions of this or any other Act to pay any sum into Her Majesty's Exchequer, or to the Treasury, or to the receiver for the metropolitan police district, such sum shall be deducted from the amount payable under the provisions of this Act out of the Local Taxation Account to such county council, and instead of being paid to the county council, shall be paid into Her Majesty's Exchequer, or to the receiver for the metropolitan police district, as the case requires.

(2.) The account of the receipts and expenditure of the Local Taxation Account shall be audited as a public account by the Comptroller and Auditor General in accordance with such regulations as the Treasury may from time to time make.

(3.) If at any time in any financial year the moneys standing to the Local Taxation Account are insufficient to meet such sums as the Local Government Board consider proper for the time being to pay thereout, the Local Government Board may borrow temporarily on the security of the said account and of moneys becoming payable thereto such sums as they require for the purpose of meeting such deficiency, and the Bank of England may lend such sums, but all sums so borrowed shall be repaid with the interest thereon during the same financial year out of moneys payable to the said account.

General Provisions as to Transfer.

28. — (1.) The county council shall, as respects the business by this Act transferred to them from quarter sessions or the justices out of sessions, be subject to the provisions and limitations in this Act specified, but, save as aforesaid, shall have and be subject to all the powers, duties, and liabilities which the quarter sessions, or any committee thereof, or any justice or justices had or were subject to in respect of the business so transferred.

(2.) The county council shall, with the exceptions herein-after mentioned, have power to delegate, with or without any restrictions or conditions as they may think fit, any powers or duties transferred to them by or in pursuance of this Act, either to any committee of the county council appointed in pursuance of this Act, or to any district council in this Act mentioned; the county council may also, without prejudice to any other power whether to appoint committees or otherwise, delegate to the justices of the county sitting in petty sessions any power or duty transferred by this Act to the county council in respect of the licensing of houses or places for the public performance of stage plays, and in respect of the execution as local authority of the Explosives Act, 1875, or of the Act relating to contagious diseases of animals.

(3.) Provided that the county council shall not under this section delegate any power of raising money by rate or loan.

29. If any question arises, or is about to arise, as to whether any business, power, duty, or liability is or is not transferred to any county council or joint committee under this Act, that question,

1888.

Ch. 41.

251

Local Government Act, 1888.

Paii I. — County Councils.

without prejudice to any other mode of trying it, may, on the appli- to transfer of cation of a chairman of quarter sessions, or of the county council, powers‘ committee, or other local authority concerned, be submitted for decision to the High Court of Justice in such summary manner as subject to any rules of court may be directed by the court; and the court, after hearing such parties and taking such evidence (if any) as it thinks just, shall decide the question.

30. — (1.) For the purpose of the police, and the clerk of the gommit^of1

peace, and of clerks of the justices, and joint officers, and of matters quarter sessions required to be determined jointly by the quarter sessions and the and county council of a county, there shall be a standing joint committee of the

the quarter sessions and the county council, consisting of such J^efclerk of equal number of justices appointed by the quarter sessions and of the peace, offi-members of the county council appointed by that council as may cers>&c* from time to time be arranged between the quarter sessions and the

council, and in default of arrangement such number taken equally from the quarter sessions and the council as may be directed by a Secretary of State.

(2.) The joint committee shall elect a chairman, and, in the case of an equality of votes for two or more persons as chairman, one of those persons shall be elected by lot.

(3.) Any matter arising under this Act with respect to the police, or to the clerk of the peace, or to clerks of the justices, or to officers who serve both the quarter sessions or justices and the county council, or to the provision of accommodation for the quarter sessions or justices out of session or to the use by them or the police or the said clerks of any buildings, rooms, or premises, or to the application of the Local Stamp Act, 1869, to any sums 32 & 33 Vict, received by clerks to justices, or with respect to anything incidental c*49, to the above-mentioned matters, and any other matter requiring to be determined jointly by the quarter sessions and county council, shall be referred to and determined by the joint committee under this section; and all such expenditure as the said joint committee determine to be required for the purposes of the matters above in this section mentioned, shall be paid out of the county fund, and the council of the county shall provide for such payment accordingly.

PART II.

Application of Act to Boroughs, the Metropolis, and certain Special Counties.

Application of Act to Boroughs.

31. Each of the boroughs named in the Third Schedule to this Certain large Act being a borough which on the first day of June one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight, either had a population of not less SSSdule^to ° than fifty thousand, or was a county of itself shall, from and after be county the appointed day, be for the purposes of this Act an admini- troughs, strative county of itsdlf. and is in this Act referred to as a county borough.

252

Adjustment of financial relations between counties and county boroughs.

Ch. 41. Local Government Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Part II. — Application of Act to Boroughs, the Metropolis,

and ceHain Special Counties.

Provided that for all other purposes a county borough shall continue to be part of the county (if any) in which it is situate at the passing of this Act, and if a separate commission of assize, oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery is not directed to be executed within the borough, the borough shall, for the purposes of any such commission, and of the service of jurors, and the making of jury lists, be part of the county in which it is specified in the said schedule to be deemed for the purposes of this Act to be situate.

32. — (1.) An equitable adjustment respecting the distribution of the proceeds of the local taxation licences, and probate duty grant, and respecting all other financial relations, if any, between each county, and each county borough specified in the said schedule as being deemed for the purposes of this Act to be situate in that county, shall be made by agreement, within twelve months after the appointed day, between the councils of each county and each borough, and in default of any such agreement, by the Commissioners appointed under this Act; and such adjustment shall provide, in the case of 'any expenses which may in future be incurred b}r the county wholly or partly on behalf of the borough for the liability of such borough to contribute, and save as provided by this Act, any existing liability to contribute or to incur expense shall, after the appointed day, cease, and an equitable provision for such cessation shall be made in the adjustment.

(2.) Where a county borough is specified in the 3aid schedule as being deemed for the purposes of this Act to be situate in more than one county, the necessary adjustment shall be made between the counties.

(3.) In such adjustment regard shall be had to the existing property, debts, and liabilities (if any) connected with the financial relations of the county and borough, and to the consideration that the county is not to be placed in any worse financial position by reason of the boroughs therein being constituted county boroughs, and that a county borough is not to be placed in a worse financial position than it would have been in if it had remained part of the county and had shared in the division of the sums received by a county in respect of the licence duties and the probate duty grant as provided by this Act, and to the amount of benefit and value of the services which the borough receives in return for existing contributions, if any, and to all the circumstances of each case which it appears equitable to consider, subject nevertheless to the following provisions: —

(a.) Where separate commissions of assize, oyer and terminer, and gaol deliver}’ are not directed to be executed in a county borough, the borough council shall contribute a proper share of the costs of and incidental to the assizes of the county:

(6.) If the borough is not at the passing of this Act a quarter sessions borough, the borough council shall contribute a proper share of the costs of and incidental to the quarter sessions and petty sessions of the county, and of and incidental

253

1888. Local Govei'nment , 1888. Ch. 41.

Part II. — Application of Act to Boroughs, the Metropolis,

and certain Special Counties.

to the coroners of the county or any franchise therein, and if a grant of a court of quarter sessions is hereafter made to the borough, the borough shall redeem the liability to such contribution, on such terms as may be agreed upon, or, in default of agreement, may be determined by arbitration under this Act:

(c.) Where any portion of the costs of building and furnishing any county lunatic asylum has been contributed by a county borough, then, until a new arrangement is made between the county and borough councils, the borough council shall contribute in respect of the lunatic asylums for the time being of the county the like amount as would if this Act had not passed have been contributed by the borough; and the county council shall provide accommodation for and maintain pauper lunatics sent from the borough on the like terms as before the passing of this Act; and the borough council may, if they so desire, appoint to be members of the committee of visitors of any such asylum such number of members of the council as may be agreed upon, or in default of agreement be determined by the Commissioners under this Act, but such appointment shall be in substitution for any appointment made on the part of the borough under any existing law or arrangement. Any new arrangement may be made between the county council and all the borough councils concerned with respect to any such lunatic asylum, and if any such new arrangement is made, the borough and county councils may carry into effect any adjustment of property, debts, and liabilities which is the subject of such arrangement. If any council desires to make a new arrangement, and any or all of the other councils refuse to agree to the same, the matter shall be referred to the Commissioners under this Act, or, after they have ceased to hold office, to arbitration under this Act.

(d.) Each county borough shall be liable for the maintenance of pauper lunatics in like manner as any other county.

(4.) In the adjustment of any financial relations other than the distribution of the proceeds of the licences and probate duty grant, no borough wholly or partially exempt from contributing to any object shall be rendered liable so to contribute or to contribute in greater proportion than at present.

(5.) The provisions of Part III. of this Act with respect to the adjustment of property, income, debts, liabilities, and expenses, and to borrowing for the purpose shall apply as if the Commissioners under this Act were the arbitrator in that Part mentioned.

(6.) Provided that at any time after the end of five years from the date of an agreement or award adjusting the financial relations of any county and borough, if the council of either the county or borough satisfy the Local Government Board that the adjustment has become inequitable, and that the councils arc unable to agree o a new adjustment, the board shall appoint an arbitrator; and

254

Provisions as to police and rateable value in county boroughs.

15 & 16 Vict c. 81.

Ch. 41. Local Government, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Part II. — Application of Act to, the,

and certain Special Counties.

such arbitrator shall proceed to make a new equitable adjustment as if he were the Commissioners under this Act, and the provisions of this Act shall apply accordingly. Any new adjustment made by agreement, or by the award of an arbitrator under this section, may, after the expiration of five years from the date of such agreement or award, be altered either by agreement or by arbitration as above mentioned.

(7.) Until any adjustment in pursuance of this section has come into operation, the county or borough council shall pay out of the county or borough fund to the borough or county council, as the case may be, the average annual amount which during the three years next before the appointed day has been expended by the county for the benefit of the borough, or contributed by the borough to the county, as the case may be, but any sum so paid shall be taken into account in the making of the adjustment, and the adjustment shall be made so as to take effect as from the appointed day.

(8.) Any contribution by a county borough to the county in pursuance of this section shall be required and made in accordance with section one hundred and fifty-three of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, and that section, except so far as relates to the appointment of an arbitrator, shall apply in like manner as if every such borough were a quarter sessions borough situate in the county.

(9.) Expressions in this section relating to contributions by a borough to a county shall be construed to include any sum raised by the assessment of the parishes or hereditaments in the borough to the county rate.

33. — (1.) Nothing in this Act with respect to county boroughs shall prevent the continuance of one police force for any county borough and any county, or the consolidation of the police forces of any county borough and any county in like manner as heretofore, but where the provisions of this Act affect the arrangement with respect to the consolidated police force for a county and borough, an adjustment shall be made between the council of the borough and county in accordance with the provisions of this Act. The foregoing provisions of this section shall apply to boroughs which are not county boroughs in like manner as if they were re-enacted and in terms made applicable to those boroughs.

(2.) Where, for the purpose of calculating any contribution or payment to be made under this Act, it is necessary to ascertain the rateable value of both a county and a county borough, such rateable value shall be ascertained and fixed by a joint committee composed of representatives of all the councils concerned, and such committee shall for that purpose have all the powers and jurisdiction of quarter sessions and of a committee of justices appointed under the County Bate Act, 1852, and the Aots amending the same, and the number of representatives for the county and each

255

1888. Local Government Act, 1888. Ch. 41.

Part II. — Application of Act to Boroughs, the Metropolis,

and certain Special Counties.

county borough respectively shall be settled by agreement, or in default of agreement by the Local Government Board.

34. — (1.) The mayor, aldermen, and burgesses of each county Application borough acting by the council shall, subject as in this Act men- of A1 wi.th tioned, have and be subject to all the powers, duties, and liabilities townSy0" of a county council under this Act (in so far as they are not already boroughs, in possession of or subject to the same), and in particular shall, subject to the provisions of this Act as to adjustment between counties and county boroughs, be entitled to receive the like sums out of the Local Taxation Account, and be bound to make the like payments in substitution for local grants and the like grants in respect of the costs of the officers of unions and of district schools as in the case of a county council, so far as the circumstances make such payments applicable, and all the provisions of this Act (including those with respect to the forfeiture on the withholding by a Secretary of State of his certificate as respects the police of the county) shall accordingly, so far as circumstances admit, apply in the case of every such borough, with the necessary modifications, and in particular with the following modifications: —

(a.) The county borough shall be substituted for the county, and borough fund shall be substituted for county fund, and town clerk shall be substituted for clerk of the peace and clerk of the council:

(6.) A reference to two or more counties shall include a reference to county boroughs as well as counties:

(c.) Such powers, duties, and liabilities of the court of quarter sessions or justices as in the case of a county are transferred to the county council shall be transferred to the council of the county borough, whether the same are vested in or attached to the court of quarter sessions or justices of the borough or of the county in which the borough is situate:

(d.) In the case of the duties collected by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue in respect of the licences for trade carts, locomotives, horses, mules, and horse dealers under any Act of the present session, those Commissioners shall certify the amount collected in each county in like manner as if the county included each county borough specified in the Third Schedule to this Act as deemed to be situate in that county, and the amount as so ascertained shall be divided between the said boroughs, and the residue of the said county in proportion to rateable value as fixed by the joint committee in pursuance of this Act, and until such value is fixed in proportion to rateable value according to the standard or basis for county contributions for the time being, and the share so ascertained shall be paid in like manner as if it had been collected in the county borough or in the residue of the county, as the case may be:

(e.) Any sum standing to the Exchequer contribution account of a county borough which remains after payment of the grant

256

Ch. 41. Local Government Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Part II. — Application of Act to Boroughs, the Metropolis,

and certain Special Counties.

required to be made in respect of the costs of union officers shall be carried to the borough fund, or be applied in aid of such rate leviable over the whole of the borough as the council may determine, and the provisions respecting the payment of the same to the general county account of the county fund, and the subsequent application and division thereof, shall not apply.

(2.) On the appointed day there shall be transferred to the mayor, aldermen, and burgesses of each county borough all such bridges and approaches thereto, or parts thereof, situate within the borough as were previously repairable by the county or any hundred therein, and the costs of the council in repairing such bridges and approaches, or parts thereof, and in repairing any roads in the borough which by virtue of this Act or any Act applied by this Act are main roads, shall be payable out of the borough fund.

(3.) The provisions of this Act with respect to —

(a.) the constitution, election, proceedings, or position of the county council or the chairman thereof,

(6.) the county treasurer, county surveyor, and other county officers,

(c.) the standing joint committee of the justices and the council, or

(d.) coroners, or

(e.) gas meters, or

If.) the transfer to the council of powers relating to county and other rates, and the preparation or revision of the basis or standard for the county rate; shall not apply to county boroughs, nor shall Part IV. of this Act relating to finance apply, save so far as is expressly provided in that Part.

(4.) Provided that where the district of any county coroner is wholly situate within a county borough, the coroner for that district shall be appointed by the council of that borough, and the writ for his election may be issued to that council instead of to the county council, and where the district of any county coroner is situate partly within and partly without a county borough, the writ for the election of such coroner shall be issued to the county council, but if there is a joint committee of the county and borough councils for the purpose, the question of the person to be elected shall be referred to that joint committee, and the county council shall appoint the person recommended by the majority of such committee.

(5.) If the council of a county borough so require, a joint committee shall from time to time be appointed for the purposes of coroners, consisting of such number of members of the county and borough councils as may be agreed upon, or in default of agreement may be determined by a Secretary of State.

(6.) Nothing in this Act shall transfer to the council of any borough any power in relation to the division of the county into

257

1688. Local Government Act, 1888. Ch. 41.

Part II: — Application of Act to Bor,

and certain Special Counties.

polling district for the purpose of a parliamentary election for the county, the appointment of places of election for the county, the places of holding courts for the revision of the lists of voters, and the costs of, and other matters to be done for, the registration of parliamentary voters for the county.

(7.) The powers and duties of the county authority under the Allotments Act, 1887, shall, as respects the borough, continue to 00 & 51 Vict 51 Vict, be exercised and performed by the Local Government Board. c. 48.

(8.) This Act and the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, shall be 45 & 46 Vict. construed so as to give effect to the provisions of this section. c' 50 *

35. In the case of a quarter sessions borough, not being one of Application of the boroughs named in the Third Schedule to this Act, but containing, according to the census of one thousand eight hundred siona boroughs and eighty-one, a population of ten thousand or upwards, the not county following provisions shall, on and after the appointed day, apply: coanties-

(1.) Nothing in this Act shall transfer to the county council any power of the council of the borough as local authority under any Act, or (save as in this Act expressly mentioned) alter the powers, duties, and liabilities of the council of the borough under the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, but subject to the above provisions and to the savings herein-after contained, the borough shall form part of the county for the purposes of this Act, and the parishes in the borough shall, subject to the exemptions herein-after mentioned, be liable to be assessed to county contributions in like manner as the rest of the county.

(2.) Where such borough is at the passing of this Act exempt, in whole or in part, from contributing towards costs incurred for any purpose for which the quarter sessions of the county in which the borough is situate are authorised to incur cost, the parishes in the borough shall not, save as in this Act expressly mentioned, be assessed by the county council to county contributions in respect of costs incurred for any such purpose, nor in the case of a partial exemption, be so assessed for any larger sum than such as will give effect to that exemption, but this exemption shall not extend to any costs incurred for the purpose of any powers, duties, or liabilities of the justices of the borough, which will by virtue of this Act be exercised or discharged by the county council nor to any costs of or incidental to the assizes of the county.

(3.) Notwithstanding the last enactment the borough shall, for the purposes of the provisions of the Highways and Loco- 41 & 42 Vict. motives (Amendment) Act, 1878, respecting main roads, form c* 77* part of the county, and the costs of maintaining, repairing, improving, enlarging, or otherwise dealing with any main road in the borough shall be paid out of the county fund, and the payment of the casts incurred in the execution of the provisions of this Act with respect to main roads shall be a

258

41 & 42 Vict. c. 77.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 50.

Cfi. 41. Local Government Act, 1888. 51 & 52 VICT.

Part II. — Application of Act to Boroughs, the Metropolis,

and certain Special Counties.

general county purpose for which the parishes of the borough may be assessed to county contributions:

(4.) Provided that —

(a.) the borough shall be deemed to be an urban sanitary district within the meaning of the Highways and Locomotives (Amondment) Act, 1878; and the council of the borough shall have the power under the Highways and Locomotives (Amendment) Act, 1878, of making byelaws respecting locomotives, and authorising locomotives to be used on any road within the borough, save that if any difference is made by such byelaws or authority between any main road maintained by the county council and the other roads in the borough, such authority and byelaws shall’require the approval of the county council; and (b.) the council of the borough shall have power as an urban authority to claim, in accordance with this Act, to retain the powers and duties of maintaining and repairing any main road in the borough; and (c.) the council of the borough may within two years after the passing of this Act apply to the county council to declare such roads in the borough as are mentioned in the application to be main roads within the meaning of the Highways and Locomotives (Amendment) Act, 1878, and the county council shall consider such application and inquire whether such roads are or ought to be main roads within the meaning of the said Act, and shall make or refuse the declaration accordingly, and if the county council refuse to make the declaration, the council of the borough may within a reasonable time after such refusal apply to the Local Government Board, and that Board shall have power, if after a local inquiry they think it just so to do, to make the said declaration, which shall have the same effect as if made by the county council (5.) The payment of the costs of assizes and sessions shall be a general county purpose for which the parishes in the borough may be assessed to county contributions, and all costs of prosecutions mentioned in section one hundred and sixty-nine of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, shall be paid out of the county fund.

(6.) The county councillors elected for an electoral division consisting wholly of such borough, or of some part of such borough, shall not act or vote in respect of any question arising before the county council as regards matters involving expenditure on account of which the parishes in the borough are not, for the time being, liable to be assessed equally with the rest of the county to county contributions.

(7.) The county council and the council of any such borough may agree for the cessation in whole or in part of any exemption under this section of the parishes in the borough from

259

1888. Local Government Act, 1888. Ch. 41.

Part 11. — Application of Act to Boroughs, the,

and certain special

assessment to oounty contributions, in consideration either of payment by the county council of a capital sum, or of an annual payment, or of a transfer of property or liabilities, or of the county council undertaking in substitution for the council of the borough any powers or duties, or partly for one consideration and partly for another, or in any other manner, according as may be determined.

(8.) A borough which is a county of a city or a county of a town shall, for the purposes of this section, be deemed to be situate in and form part of the county which it adjoins, or if it adjoins more than one county, then in and of the county of which it forms part for the purposes of parliamentary elections.

86. — (1.) Where a borough has a separate commission of the General appii-peace, whether a quarter sessions borough or not (and is not a cation of Act borough named in the Third Schedule to this Act), then, subject to separate the provisions of this Act, all such powers, duties, and liabilities of commission of the court of quarter sessions or justices of the borough, as in the the P^06-case of the county are by this Act transferred to the county council, shall cease, and the county council shall have those powers, duties, and liabilities within the area of the borough in like manner as in the rest of the county;

(2.) Provided that such powers, duties, or liabilities, so far as they are under the Acts relating to pauper lunatics, shall, save as otherwise provided by this Act, be transferred to the council of the borough and not to the county council, and the provisions of this Act with respect to the transfer to a county council shall apply with the necessary modifications to such transfer to the council of the borough.

37. The grant after the passing of this Act of a court of quarter Application sessions to any borough, not being a county borough, shall not °Jl^grt^e8. affect the powers, duties, or liabilities of the county council as sions boroughs respects the area of that borough, nor exempt the parishes in the hereafter borough from being assessed to county contributions for any pur- created-pose to which such parishes were previously liable to be assessed,

and shall not confer or impose on the mayor, aldermen, and burgesses, or the council of such borough, any powers, duties, or liabilities further than such as are necessary for establishing and maintaining the court of quarter sessions in the borough.

38. Where a borough having a separate court of quarter sessions Application of

contained according to the census of one thousand eight hundred Act J?8maller and eighty-one a population of less than ten thousand, the following sions boroughs provisions shall after the appointed day apply: — with popuia-

(1.) There shall be transferred to the county council the powers, SSJ£der duties and liabilities of the council and justices of the borough as regards the provision, enlargement, maintenance, management, and visitation of and other dealing with asylums for pauper lunatics:

260

41 & 42 Vict. c. 77.

Ch. 41. Local Government , 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Part II. — Application of Act to Boroughs, the,

and certain Special Counties.

(2.) There shall be transferred to the county council the powers, duties, and liabilities of the council of the borough —

(a.) as regards coroners; and

(6.) as regards the appointment of analysts under the Acts relating to the sale of food and drugs; and (c.) under the Acts relating to —

(i.) reformatory and industrial schools; and (ii.) fish conservancy; and (iii.) explosives; and (d.) under the Highways and Locomotives (Amendment) Act, 1878;

Provided that the transfer by this section —

(a.) shall be subject to the provisions in this Act for the protection of existing officers and the continuance of existing contracts; and (6.) shall not, save as respects the coroners, affect the powers, duties, and liabilities of the council of the borough under the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882:

(3.) The borough shall be an urban sanitary district within the meaning of the Highways and Locomotives (Amendment) Act, 1878:

(4.) The council of the borough may within two years after the passing of this Act, apply to the county council to declare such roads in the borough as are mentioned in the application to be main roads within the meaning of the Highways and Locomotives (Amendment) Act, 1878, and the county council shall consider such application, and inquire whether such roads are, or ought to be, main roads within the meaning of the said Act, and shall make or refuse the declaration accordingly, aDd if the county council refuse the declaration, the council of the borough may, within a reasonable time after such refusal, apply to the Local Government Board, and that Board, after a local inquiry, shall have power, if they think it just so to do, to make the said declaration, which shall have the same effect as if it had been made by the county council:

(5.) The area of the borough shall for the purposes of the above-mentioned Acts and all other administrative purposes of the county council be included in the county, as if the borough had not a separate court of quarter sessions, and accordingly shall be subject to the authority of the county council and the county coroners, and may be annexed by the county council to a coroner’s district of the county, and the parishes in the borough shall be liable to be assessed to all county contributions:

(6.) Any property, debts, or liabilities of the county or of any borough affected by this or the next succeeding section (including the charge to be made for lunatics which but for this

261

1888. Local Government Act, 1888. Ch. 41.

Part II. — Application of Act to, the Metropolis,

and certain Special Counties.

Act would have been maintainable by the borough) may be adjusted in manner provided by Part Three of this Act:

(7.) It shall be lawful for Her Majesty the Queen, on petition from the council of any borough to which this or the next succeeding section applies, by Order in Council, to revoke the grant of a court of quarter sessions to the borough, and by letters patent to revoke the grant of a commission of the peace for the borough, and to make such provision as to Her Majesty seems proper for the protection of interests existing at the date of the revocation, and after the date of the revocation all enactments and laws relating to courts of quarter sessions and justices and their jurisdiction shall apply, as if such court of quarter sessions or commission of the peace, as the case may be, did not exist:

(8.) A borough which is a county of a city or a county of a town shall, for the purposes of this and the next succeeding section, and if Her Majesty revokes the grant of a court of quarter sessions or a commission of the peace to such borough, then also for all purposes of quarter sessions and justices, be deemed to be situate in and form ]>art of the county of which it forms part for the purpose of parliamentary elections:

(9.) Where this section applies to a cinque port it shall apply also to all the members thereof, and those members when not situate in a quarter sessions through shall form part of the county for all purposes.

39. — (1.) Where a borough, whether with or without a separate court of quarter sessions, contained according to the census of one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one a population of less than ten thousand, then after the appointed day all powers, duties, and liabilities of the mayor, aldermen, and burgesses, or council of the borough, or the watch committee of the borough in relation —

(a.) to the police force of the borough, or

(6.) to the appointment of analysts under the Acts relating to the sale of foods and drugs, or (c.) to the execution of the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Acts, 1878 to 1886, or the Destructive Insects Act, 1877, or (&) to gas meters, or

(e.) to weights and measures, if the council exercise any jurisdiction in relation thereto, shall cease, and, subject to the provisions of this Act as to the members of the police force holding office on the said day, the area of the borough shall for all purposes of the Acts relating to the county police force, or other matters above in this section mentioned, form part of the county in like manner as if it were not a borough;

(2.) Provided that nothing in this section shall transfer to the county council any powers, duties, or liabilities under section thirty-four of the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1878, as

Application of Act to all boroughs with population under 10,000.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 74.

47 & 48 Vict, oo. 18, 47.

49 & 50 Vict. c. 82.

40 & 41 Vict. 0. 68.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 74.

262

49 & 50 Vict. c. 32.

Application of Act to Metropolis as county of London.

Cfl. 41. Local Govei'nment Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Part II, — Application of Act to Boroughs, the Metropolis,

and certain Special Counties.

amended by section nine of the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1886.

(3.) The urban authority for any borough or town with such population as above in this section mentioned shall cease to be the local authority under the Acts relating to explosives, and the county council shall have the like authority under the said Acts in the said borough or town as they have in the rest of their county.

Application of Act to Metropolis.

40. In the application of this Act to the Metropolis, the following provisions shall have effect: —

(1.) The Metropolis shall, on and after the appointed day, be an administrative county for the purposes of this Act by the name of the administrative county of London.

(2.) Such portion of the administrative county of London as forms part of the counties of Middlesex, Surrey, and Kent, shall on and after the appointed day be severed from those counties, and form a separate county for all non-administrative purposes by the name of the county of London; and it shall be lawful for Her Majesty the Queen to appoint a sheriff of that county, and to grant a commission of the peace and court of quarter sessions to that county; and, subject to the provisions of this Act, all enactments, laws, and usages with respect to counties in England and Wales, and to sheriffs, justices, and quarter sessions shall, so far as circumstances admit, apply to the county of London:

(3.) Provided that, for the purpose of the jurisdiction of the justices under such commission, and of such court, as well as other non-administrative purposes, the county of the city of London shall continue a separate county, but if and when the mayor, commonalty, and citizens of the city assent to jurisdiction being conferred therein on such justices and court may by commission under the Great Seal be made subject to the jurisdiction thereof.

(4.) The number of the county councillors for the administrative county of London shall be double the number of members which at the passing of this Act, the parliamentary boroughs in the metropolis are authorised by law to return to serve in Parliament; and each such borough, or if it is divided into divisions, each division thereof, shall be an electoral division for the purposes of this Act, and the number of county councillors elected for each such electoral division, shall be double the number of members of Parliament which such borough or division is at the passing of this Act entitled to return to serve in Parliament:

(5.) Provided that the number of county aldermen in the administrative county of London, shall not exceed one-sixth of the whole number of county councillors.

1888. Local Government Act, 1888. Ch. 41. £83

Part II. — Application of Act to Boroughs, the Metropolis,

and ceHain Special Counties.

(6.) The provisions of this Act with respect to the powers, duties, and liabilities of county councils, and the transfer of property, debts, and liabilities of counties to county councils, shall apply to the administrative county of London in like manner, so nearly as circumstances admit, as if the quarter sessions, justices, and clerks of the peace of the counties of Middlesex,

Surrey, and Kent had been, so far as regards the metropolis, the quarter sessions, justices, and clerk of the peace for the administrative county of London:

(7.) Provided that any property, debts, or liabilities of the county of Kent shall not, by reason only of this enactment, be vested in the county council of London, but such property, debts, and liabilities, and also the property, debts, and liabilities of the counties of Middlesex and Surrey, shall be apportioned between the portions of those counties situate within the Metropolis and the portions situate outside the Metropolis in such manner as may be determined by agreement between the respective county councils, or in default of agreement by the Commissioners under this Act, and the property, debts, and liabilities apportioned to the portions within the Metropolis shall be the property, debts, and liabilities of the whole of the administrative county of

London.

(8.) There shall also be transferred to the London county council the powers, duties, and liabilities of the Metropolitan Board of Works, and after the appointed day that board shall cease to exist, and the property, debts, and liabilities thereof shall be transferred to the London county council, and that council shall be in law the successors of the Metropolitan Board of Works.

(9.) If the London county council borrow for the purposes of this Act they shall borrow in accordance with the provisions of the Acts relating to the Metropolitan Board of Works, but save as aforesaid Part Four of this Act shall apply to the London county council when acting as successors of the Metropolitan Board of Works, and the costs incurred when so acting shall be paid out of the county fund, and the payment thereof shall be a general county purpose.

41. — (1.) Of the powers, duties, and liabilities of the court of Position of city quarter sessions and justices of the city of London — appUauion ofd

(a.) such of them as would, if the city were a quarter sessions Highway Acts, borough, with a population exceeding ten thousand, be exercised by virtue of this or any other Act by the council of the borough, shall be transferred to the mayor, commonalty, and . citizens of the city acting by the council (in this Act referred to as the common council); and (b.) such of them as would, in the said case, be by virtue of this Act exercised and discharged by the county council shall cease, and the county council ehall, subject to the provisions

264

41 & 42 Vict. c. 77.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 120.

Ch. 41. Local Government Act, 1888. 51 & 52 VICT.

Part II. — Application of Act to, the,

and certain Special Counlies.

of this Act, have those powers, duties, and liabilities within the city of London in like manner as within the rest of the administrative county of London.

(2.) The provisions of this Act with respect to the transfer to a county council shall apply with the necessary modifications to such transfer to the common council, and the common council shall be entitled to receive from the London county council in respect of each pauper lunatic, the same amount as is required by this Act to be paid by any other county council to the council of a borough.

(3.) Where at the passing of this Act the Metropolitan Board of Works or the quarter sessions of Middlesex are authorised to incur costs for any purpose, and the common council of the city are not liable to contribute to such costs, the parishes in the city of London shall not, save as in tin’s Act expressly mentioned, be liable to be assessed to county contributions in respect of costs incurred by the county council for such purpose, but this exemption shall not extend to any costs incurred for the purpose of any powers, duties, or liabilities of the quarter sessions or justices of the city of London, which will be exercised and discharged by the London county council.

(4.) The provisions of the Highways and Locomotives (Amend* ment) Act, 1878, with respect to main roads, as amended by this Act, shall extend to the Metropolis in like manner as if the expression "urban sanitary district " in that Act included, as respects the Metropolis, the city of London, and a parish in Schedule A., and a district in Schedule B. of the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, as amended by subsequent Acts, and as if the Commissioners of Sewers, or vestry, or district board (as the case may be) were the urban sanitary authority: Provided that —

(a.) in the city of London the common council shall have the power under the Highways and Locomotives (Amendment) Act, 1878, of making byelaws respecting locomotives, and authorising locomotives to be used on any road within the city, save that if any difference is made by such byelaws or authority between any main road maintained by the county council and the other roads in the city, such authority and byelaws shall require the approval of the county council; and

(&.) the common council in the city of London, and in any other part of the Metropolis, the vestry, or district board, shall be deemed to be a district council and an urban authority within the meaning of the provisions of this Act with respect to main roads, and may accordingly claim to retain the power of maintaining and repairing a main road, and in such case shall have all such powers and duties of maintaining, repairing, improving and enlarging, and otherwise dealing with the main road as they would have if it were an ordinary highway repairable by them, and such powers and duties shall in the city of London be discharged by the Commissioners of Sewers.

265

1888. Local Government Act, 1888. Ch. 41.

Part II. — Application of Act to Boroughs, the Metropolis,

and certain Special Counties.

(5.) The payment of the costs of assizes and sessions shall be a general county purpose for which the parishes in the city may be assessed to county contributions, and all such costs of prosecutions in the city as are by law payable out of the county rate shall be paid out of the county fund.

(6.) The county councillors elected for the city, shall not act or vote in respect of any question arising before the county council as regards matters involving expenditure on account of which the parishes in the city are not for the time being liable to be assessed equally with the rest of the administrative county to county contributions.

(7.) The London county council, and the common council of the city of London may agree for the cessation in whole or in part of any exemption under this section from assessment, in consideration either of payment by the county council of a capital sum, or of an annual payment, or of a transfer of property or liabilities, or of the county council undertaking, in substitution for the common council, any powers or duties, or partly for one consideration and partly for another, or in any other manner, according as may be determined.

(8.) The sheriffs of the city of London shall not have any authority except in the city.

42. — (1.) If the London county council petitions Her Majesty the Queen in that behalf, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty from time to time to appoint a barrister of not less than ten years' standing to be paid chairman or deputy chairman, or one of the paid deputy chairmen, as the case may be, of the quarter sessions for the county of London.

(2.) Any person so appointed shall hold office during good behaviour, and shall by virtue of his office be a justice of the peace for the county of London.

(3.) There shall be paid to him out of the county fund as a general county purpose such yearly salary, not exceeding that stated in the petition in consequence of which the appointment was made, as Her Majesty directs.

(4.) Such chairman or deputy chairman shall not, during his office, be eligible to serve in Parliament, and shall not during his continuance in office practise as a barrister.

(5.) Where there is any such paid chairman or deputy chairman of the quarter sessions, the court may be held before such chairman or deputj’ chairman alone.

(6.) Separate courts of quarter sessions may be held at different parts of the county of London at the same time if so directed by the county council with the approval of a Secretary of State, and every court of general sessions of the peace for the county of London and every adjournment thereof shall have the same jurisdiction in all respects, including the power of hearing and determining appeals, as if such court were quarter sessioqs.

Arrangements for paid chairman and sitting of quarter sessions for London.

266

32 & 38 Vict. c. 67.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 71.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 4.

37 & 88 Vict. c. 7.

Ch. 41. Local Government, 1888. 51 & 52 VICT.

Part II. — Application of Act to, the

and certain Special Comities.

(7.) The London county council may from time to time submit to a Secretary of State a scheme for regulating the holding of courts of quarter sessions in London either at any one place or at different places, and in the latter case either at the same time or at different times, and for determining the legal character of each sessions so held, that is to say, whether quarter, general, original, or adjourned sessions, or otherwise, and for making such regulations respecting committals for trial, recognisances, depositions, and other matters as are necessary or proper for giving effect to the scheme, and such scheme, when approved by a Secretary of State, shall be published in the London Gazette, and thereupon shall have effect as if it were enacted in this Act.

(8.) Until the quarter sessions for the county of London constitute special sessional divisions, every petty sessional division of the counties of Middlesex, Surrey, and Kent existing at the appointed day, or so much of such division as is situate in the county of London, shall form a special or petty sessional division of the county of London.

(9.) Where any special or petty sessional division of the counties of Middlesex, Surrey, and Kent, existing at the appointed day, is situate partly within and partly without the county of London, so much thereof as is situate without the said county shall, until any alteration is made by the quarter sessions for the county of Middlesex, Surrey, or Kent, as the case may be, be a special or petty sessional division of that county.

(10.) The quarter sessions for the county of London shall be substituted for the general assessment sessions under the Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869, and have all the jurisdiction vested in those sessions, and shall exercise the same within the same area. Upon the hearing of any appeals in relation to property in the city of London, such two members of the court of quarter sessions of the city of London as may be appointed by that court for the purpose, shall be entitled to attend and sit as members of the quarter sessions for the county of London.

(11.) The enactments respecting the times for holding sessions of the peace for the county of Middlesex, and the appointment and payment of any assistant judge or deputy assistant judge, or of a person to preside in a second court at any sessions in the county of Middlesex, shall cease to apply to the county of Middlesex.

(12.) Quarter sessions for the counties of Middlesex, Surrey, and Kent respectively may be held, and the justices of each of those counties may hold special and petty sessions for any division of such county, and appoint a petty sessional or occasional court house, at any place in the county of London, and for all purposes relating to such sessions or any business transacted at such court house, such place shall be deemed to be within the county and division for which the justices holding the same are justices, but no jurors shall be summoned for such sessions from within the county of London,

267

1888. Local Government Act, 1888. Ch. 41.

Part II. — Application of Act to Boroughs, the

and certain Special Counties.

(13.) Nothing in this Act shall alter the powers or duties of the justices, quarter sessions, recorder, or common serjeant of the city of London, further or otherwise than is expressly provided or than the powers and duties of the justices or quarter sessions of any county are altered.

(14.) Provided that from and after the appointed day the rights claimed by the court of common council to appoint to the offices of common sergeant, and judge of the City of London Court shall cease, and in any future vacancy in each of the said offices, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty the Queen to appoint a duly qualified barrister to be such common sergeant, or judge; and from and after the next vacancy no recorder shall exercise any judicial functions unless he is appointed by Her Majesty to exercise such functions.

43. — (1.) In the administrative county of London the county Grant by Lon-council: — don county

(a.) shall pay to the guardians for every poor law union wholly faw urio^s?0^ in the county such sums as the Local Government Board from time to time certify to be due from the said council in substitution for the local grants towards the remuneration of poor law medical officers, and towards the cost of drugs and medical appliances; and

(b.) shall grant to the guardians of every poor law union wholly in their county an amount equal to fourpence a day per head for every indoor pauper maintained in that union, and such grant, during the five local financial years beginning on the appointed day, shall be reckoned according to the average number of indoor paupers so maintained during the five financial years ending on the twenty-fifth day of March next before the passing of this Act, and shall, after the end of the said five local financial years, unless Parliament otherwise determine, continue to be reckoned in accordance with the same average number; and

(c.) shall pay to the guardians of every poor law union, a portion of which only is situate in their county, such proportion of the annual sum which is, under the other provisions of this Act, payable by the county council of a county to the guardians of that union, as the rateable value of the portion within the administrative county of London bears to the rest of the union.

(2.) For the purposes of this section the expression "indoor pauper " includes all paupers maintained in a workhouse, and all paupers maintained in any district school, separate school, separate infirmary, sick asylum, hospital for infectious diseases, or institution for the deaf, dumb, blind, or idiots, or in any certified school under the Act of the session of the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth years of the reign of Her Majesty, chapter forty-three, and includes any children boarded out, whether within or without the limits of the union, and in the metropolitan asylum district includes all inmates

268

Transfer of duties under 32 & 88 Vict. c. 67 of clerk of metropolitan asylum managers.

Adjustment of law as to slaughterhouses in the metropolis.

Application of Act to certain special counties.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 87.

Ch. 41. Local Government Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Part II. — Application of Act to Boroughs, the Metropolis,

and certain Special.

of any asylum for imbeciles provided by the managers of that district, but excludes paupers relieved in casual wards, and such number of indoor paupers in a workhouse or in a district or separate school or in a separate infirmary or asylum, as exceeded the number prescribed by the Local Government Board for that workhouse, school, infirmary or asylum, and also excludes paupers maintained for part only of a day: Provided always, that any paupers maintained under any contract or agreement in a work-house other than that of the union to which they are chargeable, shall be included only in the number of indoor paupers of the union to which they are so chargeable.

(3.) The average number of paupers shall be estimated in such manner as the Local Government Board direct, and shall be certified by the Board. The Board may, if they think proper, vary their certificate, but unless it is so varied, their certificate shall be conclusive.

44. On and after the appointed day all powers and duties of the clerk to the managers of the metropolitan asylums district under the Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869, shall be transferred to the clerk of the county council of London, and the said Act shall be construed as if the county council were substituted therein for the managers of the metropolitan asylums district

45. On and after the appointed day, the powers, duties, and liabilities of justices out of session in the Metropolis, in relation to the licensing of slaughter-houses for the purpose of the slaughtering of cattle for butchers meat, and of cow-houses and places for the keeping of cows, shall be transferred to the county council of London.

Application of Act to Special Counties and to Liberties.

46. For the purposes of this Act there shall be enacted the provisions following; that is to say,

(1.) — (a.) The ridings of Yorkshire and the divisions of Lincolnshire shall respectively be separate administrative counties.

(b.) The eastern and western divisions of Sussex, under the County of Sussex Act, 1865, and the eastern and western divisions of Suffolk, shall respectively be separate administrative counties for the purposes of this Act.

(c.) The Isle of Ely, and the residue of the county of Cambridge, shall be respectively separate administrative counties for the purposes of this Act, and are in this Act referred to as divisions of the county of Cambridge.

(d.) The soke of Peterborough and the residue of the county of Northampton shall be respectively separate administrative counties for the purposes of this Act, and are in this Act referred to as divisions of the county of Northampton.

(2.) — (a.) In the case of the county of York and the county of Lincoln respectively, the administrative business which would.

x

269

1888. Local Government Act, 1888. Ch. 41.

Part II. — Application of Act to Boroughs, the Metropolis,

and certain Special Counties.

if this Act had not passed, have been transacted by the justices of all the ridings and divisions at their gaol sessions, or by any joint committee of the justices of such ridings or divisions, or by any commissioners appointed by the justices, or otherwise jointly by such justices, shall be transacted by a joint committee of the county councils of the three ridings or three divisions, as the case may be, appointed in manner provided by this Act with respect to joint committees of county councils.

(6.) The administrative business which would, if this Act had not passed, have been transacted by any general sessions of the peace for the county of Sussex or Suffolk, or by any joint action of the quarter sessions of the divisions of the county of Cambridge, or the county of Northampton, and all matters under this Act which concern the two divisions of Sussex, Suffolk, Cambridge or Northampton jointly, shall be transacted by a joint committee of the respective county councils concerned, appointed in manner provided by this Act with respect to joint committees of county councils.

(c.) A joint committee formed in pursuance of this section shall, if the business transacted by them so require, comprise a joint committee of the quarter sessions of the several ridings and divisions.

(d.) If any difference arises as to the number of members, or the mode or time of appointing a joint committee under this section, the difference shall be determined by a Secretary of State.

(3.) A joint committee formed in pursuance of this section shall, in respect of the business to be transacted by them, stand in the same position as if the entire county were not divided for the purposes of county councils, and as if the committee were the county council of the entire county, and the provisions of this Act shall, so nearly as circumstances admit, apply accordingly, and all costs or sums payable by the joint committee shall be apportioned by the joint committee between the several administrative counties in such manner as is provided by law, or by the practice heretofore adopted, or in such other manner as may be from time to time agreed upon by the councils of the several administrative counties, or in default of agreement may, upon the application of any of such councils, be determined by arbitration in manner provided by this Act; and each county council shall pay the sum so apportioned to the treasurer of the joint committee, and the sum so paid shall be deemed to be paid for general county purposes.

(4.) The powers, duties, and liabilities of the county authority, under the Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884, and the Acts amending the same, shall, after the appointed day, be transferred to the county council, and the expression "county

270

Saving for Manchester Assize Courts Act, 1858,

21 & 22 Vict. c. xxiv.

Merger of liberties in county.

Ch. 41. Local Government Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Part II. — Application of Act to Boroughs, the Metropolis,

and certain Special Counties.

authority, " in those Acts shall mean, as respects each riding, the county council of that riding.

(5.) In the application of this Act to Lancashire, the provisions of this Act with respect to county rates shall apply to the special rates levied in Lancashire for the purposes of the salary or pension of any chairman of quarter sessions or stipendiary justice, or for any assize courts, and such rates shall continue to be levied within the respective areas within which they would have been levied if this Act had not passed, and, subject as aforesaid, the position and salary of any such chairman or justice shall not be affected by any provision of this Act.

(6.) From and after the appointed day the right of the mayor, commonalty, and citizens of the city of London to elect the sheriff of Middlesex shall cease, and it shall be lawful for Her Majesty the Queen to appoint a sheriff of the county of Middlesex, and the law relating to sheriffs shall apply in the case of the county of Middlesex in like manner as in the case of any other county.

(7.) In this section " administrative business" means such business as is by this Act transferred from quarter sessions or justices, or any committee thereof, to county councils.

47. — (1.) Notwithstanding anything in this Act, the courts of assize at Manchester, with the lodgings for Her Majesty's judges, offices, lockups, and all other property vested in the justices of the peace of the county palatine of Lancaster by the Manchester Assize Courts Act, 1858, shall be vested in the county council of the said county palatine, and shall be under the control and management of a joint committee of members of the said county council, and of the council of every county borough locally situate in the hundred of Salford; and that joint committee shall have and exercise all such powers and rights (except the power of levying, imposing, or assessing a rate or of borrowing money) as are conferred on the said justices by the said Act; and the hundred of Salford (including every borough locally situate therein) shall continue liable to contribute towards expenses incurred under the authority of the said Act.

(2.) The number of members of a joint committee appointed for the purposes of this section shall not exceed twelve, and the quorum requisite for the transaction of business shall be three.

(3.) Any disagreement as to the number of members of the committee or as to the proportions in which the several councils are to be represented thereon, shall be settled by a Secretary of State.

48. — (1.) For all purposes of this Act, every liberty and franchise of a county, wholly or partly exempt from contribution to the county rate, shall, save as may be otherwise provided by or in pursuance of this Act, form part of the county of which it forms part for the purposes of parliamentary elections.

871

1888. Local Government Act, 1888. Ch. 41.

Part II. — Application of Act to Bo, Metropolis,

and certain Special Counties.

(2.) The provisions of this Act with respect to the transfer to the county council of the powers, duties, and liabilities of the quarter sessions and justices of a county, and of their property, debts, and liabilities, whether vested in or attaching to the clerk of the peace or any justice or justices or otherwise on behalf of the county, shall apply to every such liberty and franchise as above mentioned in like manner in all respects as if they were herein re-enacted and in terms made applicable to such liberty and franchise; and the county council shall have and exercise in every such liberty and franchise the powers and duties transferred to them by this Act from the quarter sessions and justices of the county;

(3.) Provided that where at the passing of this Act the police force in such liberty or franchise is under the control of the quarter sessions for such liberty or franchise, there shall be one police force for the whole administrative county under the county council, and the quarter sessions of such liberty or franchise shall appoint such number of the members of the standing joint committee under this Act as may be agreed upon by the county council, the quarter sessions of the county, and the quarter sessions of the liberty or franchise, or in default of agreement may be determined by a Secretary of State.

(4.) The Cinque Ports and two ancient towns and their members shall for all purposes of the county council and of the powers and duties of quarter sessions and justices out of sessions under this Act form part of the county in which they are respectively situate without prejudice nevertheless to the position of any such port, town, or member as a quarter sessions borough under the Municipal 45 & 46 Vict. Corporations Act, 1882, as amended by this Act, and without c'50* prejudice to the existing privileges of such ports, towns, and members as respects matters which are not affected by this Act.

49. — (1.) It shall be lawful for the Local Government Board to Power to make make a Provisional Order for regulating the application of this Act order for Scili to the Scilly Islands, and for providing for the exercise and per- islands. C> formance in those islands of the powers and duties both of county councils and also of authorities under the Acts relating to highways and the Public Health Act, 1875, and the Acts amending the same, and for the application to the islands of any provisions of any Act touching local government, and any such Order may provide for the establishment of councils and other local authorities separate from those in the county of Cornwall, and for the contribution by the Scilly Islands to the county council of Cornwall in respect of costs incurred by the county council for matters specified in the said Order as benefiting the Scilly Islands, and such Order may also provide for all matters which appear to the Local Government Board necessary or proper for carrying the Order into full effect.

(2.) Any such Order shall not be in force until it is confirmed by Parliament.

272

Ch. 41. Local Government Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Pari II. — Application of Act to Boroughs, the Metropolis,

and certain Special Counties.

(3.) Subject to the provisions of a Provisional Order under this Act, the county council of Cornwall shall have no greater powers or duties in the Scilly Islands than the quarter sessions of Cornwall have hitherto in fact exercised or performed therein, and the Scilly Islands shall not be included for the purposes of this Act in any electoral division of the county of Cornwall.

PART III.

Boundaries.

Boundary of

50. — (1.) The first council elected under this Act for any county for first administrative county shall, subject as herein-after mentioned, be ec on. elected for the county at large as bounded at the passing of this Act for the purpose of the election of members to serve in Parliament for the county: Provided always, that —

(a.) This enactment shall not apply to the boundary between two administrative counties which are portions of one entire county, and in case of those administrative counties, the boundary between the portions, as existing for the purposes of county rate, shall, subject to any change made by or in pursuance of this Act, be the boundary of the administrative county for which the council is elected; and,

(6.) Where any urban sanitary district is situate partly within and partly without the boundary of such county, the district shall be deemed to be within that county which contains the largest portion of the population of the district, according to the census of one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one.

(c.) Where any portion of an administrative county has before the passing of this Act been transferred to another administrative county for the purposes of the Acts relating to the police or Contagious Diseases (Animals) or otherwise, nothing in this Act shall affect such transfer.

(d.) The wapentake of the ainsty of York (except so much as is included in the municipal borough of York ns extended by the York Extension and Improvement Act, 1884) shall for all purposes of this Act be deemed to be part of the west riding of the county of York.

(2.) The county council elected under this Act shall have for the purposes of this Act authority throughout the administrative county for which it is elected, and the administrative county as bounded for the purpose of the election shall, subject to alterations made in manner herein-after mentioned, be for all the purposes of this Act the county of such county council.

(3.) If any difference arises as to the county which contains the largest portion of the population of any such district as above in this section mentioned, such difference shall be referred to the Local Government Board, whose decision shall be final.

(4.) This section applies to an administrative county within the meaning of this Act, save that it shall not apply to the

47 & 48 Vict. c. ccxxxii.

1888.

Ch. 41.

273

Local Government, 1888.

Part III. — Boundaries.

Administrative county of London, nor to any county borough, and any place which, though forming part of any such borough for the purposes of the election of members to serve in Parliament, is not within the municipal boundary of such borough shall, notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of this section, form, for the purposes of this section, part of the county in which such place is situate.

5L In the constitution of electoral divisions of a county, whether for the first election or for subsequent elections, the following directions shall be observed —

(1.) The divisions shall be arranged with a view to the population of each division being, so nearly as conveniently may be, equal, regard being had to a proper representation both of the rural and of the urban population, and to the distribution and pursuits of such population, and to area, and to the last published census for the time being, and to evidence of any considerable change of population since such census;

(2.) Electoral divisions shall, so far as may be reasonably practicable, be framed so that every division shall be a county district or ward, or a combination of county districts or wards, or be comprised in one county district or ward, but where an electoral division is a portion of a county district or ward, and such portion has not a defined area for which a separate list or part of a list of voters is made under the Acts relating to the registration of electors, such portion shall, until a new register of electors is made, continue to be part of the district or ward of which it has been treated as being part in the then current register of electors;

(3.) Whenever under the provisions of this section a county district is divided into two or more portions, every such portion shall, as far as possible, consist of an entire parish or of a combination of entire parishes;

(4.) In determining the electoral divisions for the first election, the foregoing provisions shall apply as if, where a rural sanitary district is situate in more than one county, each portion of the district which is situate in the same county were a county district, and any such poition may be combined with a county district, or portion of a county district, although not adjoining;

(5.) The electoral divisions for the firet election shall be fixed on or before the eighth day of November next after the passing of this Act.

52. — (1.) The Local Government Board shall make provisional orders for dealing with every case where the council of a borough is not the urban sanitary authority for the whole of the area of such borough, and the area of the borough is either co-extensive with or is wholly or partly comprised in any urban sanitary district, and such order shall determine whether the area of the borough or of the sanitary district, or an area comprising both the borough and the urban sanitary district, or a poition of such united

Directions for constitution of electoral divisions.

Provisional order as respects boroughs and urban sanitary districts in same area.

274

Ch. 41.

51 & 52 Vict.

Consideration of alterations of boundaries by county councils.

Future alterations of boundaries.

Local Government Act, 1888.

Part III. — Boundaries.

area, shall, whether with or without any adjoining area, be the area of the county district for the purposes of this Act, so, however, that in either case the order shall provide for the council of the borough becoming the district council, and the order may for that purpose alter the boundaries of the borough, and may, if need be, alter the boundaries of the county; and if the population exceeds fifty thousand, the order may constitute the borough into a county borough, and make such provision as may be necessary for carrying this Act into effect as respect such county borough; and the provisions of this Act respecting county boroughs shall, subject to the provisions of the order, apply.

(2.) Where certain members of the sanitary authority for any such urban sanitary district are appointed by a university or any colleges therein, the order may provide for the appointment by such university or colleges of members on the district council.

(3.) A provisional order under this section shall not be of any effect until it is confirmed by Parliament.

53. — (1.) Every report made by the Boundary Commissioners under the Local Government (Boundaries) Act, 1887, shall be laid before the council of any administrative county or county borough affected by that report.

(2.) It shall be the duty of the council to take into consideration such report, and to make such representati jns to the Local Government Board as they think expedient for adjusting the boundaries of their county, and of other areas of local government partly situate in their county, with a view of securing that no such area shall be situate in more than one county.

54. — (1.) Whenever it is represented by the council of any county or borough to the Local Government Board —;

(a) that the alteration of the boundary of any county or borough is desirable; or

(by that the union, for all or any of the purposes of this Act, of a county borough with a county is desirable; or

(c) that the union, for all or any of the purposes of this Act, of any counties or boroughs or the division of any county is desirable; or

(d) that it is desirable to constitute any borough having a population of not less than fifty thousand into a county borough; or

(e) that the alteration of the boundary of any electoral division of a county, or of the number of county councillors and electoral divisions in a county, is desirable; or

(f) that the alteration of any area of local government partly situate in their county or borough is desirable, the Local Government Board shall, unless for special reasons they think that the representation ought not to be entertained, cause to be made a local inquiry, and may make an order for the proposal contained in such representation, or for such other proposal as they may deem expedient, or may refuse such order, and if they

1888. Local Government Act, 1888. Ch. 41. 275

Part III. — Boundaries.

make the order may by such order divide or alter any electoral division.

(2.) Provided that in default of such representation by the council of any county or borough before the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine, the Local Government Board may cause such local inquiry to be made, and thereupon may make such order as they may deem expedient.

f3.) Provided that if the order alters the boundary of a county or borough, or provides for the union of a county borough with a county, or for the union of any counties or boroughs, or for the division of any county, or for constituting a borough into a county borough, it shall be provisional only, and shall not have effect unless confirmed by Parliament.

(4.) Where such order alters the boundary of a borough, it may, as consequential upon such alteration, do all or any of the following things, increase or decrease the number of the wards in the borough, and alter the boundaries of such wards, and alter the apportionment of the number of councillors among the wards, and alter the total number of councillors, and in such case, make the proportionate alteration in the number of aldermen.

(5.) At any time before the appointed day, the Local Government Board may make an order in pursuance of this section without any such representation as in this section mentioned.

55. — (1.) Where the Local Government Board make a Provisional Contents of

Order for uniting two county boroughs, such Order may make them oSe^amal-one borough and one county for the purposes of this Act. gamating

(2.) Such Order, and also any other Order under this Act for tw0 county uniting boroughs, whether county boroughs or not, may also con- boroug 8* tain such provisions as may seem necessary or proper for regulating the division of the combined borough into wards, the number of councillors to be elected for each ward, and the first election of the council of the combined borough, and for providing for the clerks of the peace, coroners, town clerks, and officers of the boroughs, and the application to them of the provisions of this Act as to existing officers, and for providing for all matters incidental to or consequential on the union of the boroughs.

(3.) When any such Provisional Order is confirmed, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty to grant a commission of the peace and court of quarter sessions to the combined borough in like manner as to any other borough under the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, and the Provisional Order may contain such provisions as appear necessary or proper for regulating all matters incidental to such grant, and to the changes caused by the union of the boroughs in matters connected with such commission or court or otherwise with the administration of justice.

56. Where a petition is presented to Her Majesty the Queen by Procedure for the inhabitant householders of any town or towns or district, in ^arter, of new pursuance of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, for the grant roug '

of a charter of incorporation, notice of such petition shall be given to the county council of the county in which such town, towns, or

276

Ch. 41.

Future alteration of county districts and parishes and wards and future establishment of urban districts.

Local Government Act, 1888. 51 & 52 VICT.

Part III. — B.

district is or are situate, and shall also be sent to the Local Government Board, and the Privy Council shall consider any representations made by such county council or the Local Government Board, together with the petition for such charter.

57. — (1.) Whenever a county council is satisfied that a prima facie case is made out as respects any county district not a borough, or as respects any parish, for a proposal for all or any of the following things; that is to say —

(a) the alteration or definition of the boundary thereof;

(b) the division thereof or the union thereof with any other such district or districts, parish or parishes, or the transfer of part of a parish to another parish;

(c) the conversion of any such district or part thereof, if it is a rural district, into an urban district, and if it is an urban district, into a rural district, or the transfer of the whole or any part of any such district from one district to another, and the formation of new urban or rural districts;

(d) the division of an urban district into wards; and

(e) the alteration of the number of wards, or of the boundaries of any ward, or of the number of members of any district council, or of the apportionment of such members among the wards,

the county council may cause such inquiry to be made in the locality, and such notice to be given, both in the locality, and to the Local Government Board, Education Department, or other Government department as may be prescribed, and such other inquiry and notices (if any) as they think fit, and if satisfied that such proposal is desirable, may make an order for the same accordingly.

(2.) Notice of the provisions of the order shall be given, and copies thereof shall be supplied in the prescribed manner, and otherwise as the county council think fit, and if it relates to the division of a district into wards, or the alteration of the number of wards or of the boundaries of a ward, or of the number of the members of a district council, or of the apportionment of the members among the wards, shall come into operation upon being finally approved by the county council.

(3.) In any other case the order shall be submitted to the Local Government Board; and if within three months after such notice of the provisions of the order as the Local Government Board determine to be the first notice, the council of any district affected by the order, or any number of county electors registered in that district or in any ward of that district, not being less than one sixth of the total number of electors in that district or ward, or if the order relates only to a parish, any number of county electors registered in that parish, not being less than one sixth of the total number of electors in that parish, petition the Local Government Board to disallow the order, the Local Government Board shall cause to be made a local inquiry, and determine whether the order is to be confirmed or not.

1888.

Ch. 41.

277

Local Government Act, 1888.

Part III. — B

(4.) If any such petition is not presented, or being presented is withdrawn, the Local Government Board shall confirm the order.

(5.) The Local Government Board, on confirming an order, may make such modifications therein ns they consider necessary for carrying into effect the objects of the order.

(6.) An order under this section, when conBrmed by the Local Government Board, shall be forthwith laid upon the table of both Houses of Parliament, if Parliament be then sitting, and, if not, forthwith after the then next meeting of Parliament

(7.) This section shall be in addition to, and not in derogation of, any power of the Local Government Board in respect of the union or division or alteration of parishes.

58. The Local Government Board, where it appears expedient so to do with reference to any poor law union which is situate in more than one county instead of dissolving the union may by order provide that the same shall continue to be one union for the purposes of indoor paupers or any of those purposes, and shall be divided into two or more poor law unions for the purpose of outdoor relief, and may by the order make such provisions as seem expedient for determining all other matters in relation to which such union is to be one union or two or more unions.

69. — (1.) A scheme or order under this Act may make such administrative and judicial arrangements incidental to or consequential on any alteration of boundaries, authorities, or other matters made by the scheme or order as may seem expedient.

(2.) A place which is part of an administrative county for the purposes of this Act shall, subject as in this Act mentioned, form part of that county for all purposes, whether sheriff, lieutenant, custos rotulorum, justices, militia, coroner, or other; Provided that —

(a.) Notwithstanding this enactment, each of the entire counties of York, Lincoln, Sussex, Suffolk, Northampton, and Cam-

* bridge shall continue to be one county for the said purposes so far as it is one county at the passing of this Act; and (b.) This enactment shall not affect the existing powers or privileges of any city or borough as respects the sheriff, lieutenant, militia, justices, or coroner; but, if any county borough is, at the passing of this Act, a part of any county for any of the-above purposes, nothing in this Act shall prevent the same from continuing to be part of that county for that purpose; and

(c.) This enactment shall not affect parliamentary elections nor the right to vote at the election of a member to serve in Parliament, nor land tax, tithes, or tithe rentcharge, nor the area within which any bishop, parson, or other ecclesiastical person has any cure of souls or jurisdiction.

(3.) For the purposes of parliamentary elections, and of the registration of voters for such elections, the sheriff, clerk of the peace, and council of the county in which any place is comprised at the passing of this Act for the purpose of parliamentary elections

Additional power of Local Government Board as to unions.

Supplemental provisions as to alteration of areas.

278

Ch. 41.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 10.

Local Government, 1888, 51 & 52 Vict.

Part III. — Boundaries.

shall, save as otherwise provided by the scheme or order, or by the County Electors Act, 1888, or this Act, continue to have the same powers, duties, and liabilities as they would have had if no alteration of boundary had taken place.

(4.) Any scheme or order made in pursuance of this Act may, so far as may seem necessary or proper for the purposes of the scheme or order, provide for all or any of the following matters, that is to say, —

(a) may provide for the abolition, restriction, or establishment, or extension of the jurisdiction of any local authority in or over any part of the area affected by the scheme or order, and for the adjustment or alteration of the boundaries of such area, and for the constitution of the local authorities therein, and may deal with the powers and duties of any council, local authorities, quarter sessions, justices of the peace, coroners, sheriff, lieutenant, custos rotulorum, clerk of the peace, and other officer therein, and with the costs of any such authorities, sessions, persons, or officers as aforesaid, and may determine the status of any such area as a component part of any larger area, and provide for the election of representatives in such area, and may extend to any altered area the provisions of any local Act which were previously in force in a portion of the area; and

(b) may make temporary provision for meeting the debts and liabilities of the various authorities affected by the scheme or order, for the management of their property, and for regulating the duties, position, and remuneration of officers affected by the scheme or order, and applying to them the provisions of this Act as to existing officers; and

(e) may provide for the transfer of any writs, process, records, and documents relating to or to be executed in any part of the area affected by the scheme or order, and for determining questions arising from such transfer; and

(d) may provide for all matters which appear necessary or proper for bringing into operation and giving full effect to the scheme or order; and

(e) may adjust any property, debts, and liabilities affected by the scheme or order.

(5.) Where an alteration of boundaries of a county is made by this Act an order for any of the above-mentioned matters may, if it appears to the Local Government Board desirable, be made by that Board, but such order, if petitioned against by any council, sessions, or local authority affected thereby, within three months after notice of such order is given in accordance with this Act, shall be provisional only, unless the petition is withdrawn or the order is confirmed by Parliament.

(6.) A scheme or order may be made for amending any scheme or order previously made in pursuance of this Act, and may be made by the same authority and after the same procedure as the original scheme or order. Where a provision of this Act respecting

1888. Local Government Act, 1888. Cff. 41. 279

Part III. — Boundaries.

a scheme or order requires the scheme or order to be laid before Parliament* or to be confirmed by Parliament, either in every case or if it is petitioned against, such scheme or order may amend any local and personal Act.

60. In every alteration of boundaries effected under the autbo- General provi-rity of this Act, care shall be taken that, so far as practicable, the alteration of boundaries of an area of local government shall not intersect the boundaries, boundaries of any other area of local government.

61. — (1.) For the purposes of this Act the Right Honourable Appointment Edward Henry, Earl of Derby, the Right Honourable George John

Shaw Lefevre, John Lloyd Wharton, Esquire, Francis Mowatt,

Esquire, C.B., and Joseph J. Henley, Esquire, shall be appointed Commissioners.

(2.) If a vacancy occurs in the office of any of the Commissioners by reason of death, resignation, incapacity, or otherwise, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty the Queen, under Her Royal Sign Manual, to appoint some other person to fill the vacancy, and so from time to time as often as occasion requires.

(3.) The Commissioners may from time to time, with the assent of the Treasury as to number, appoint or employ such number of officers and persons as they may think necessary for the purpose of the execution of their duties under this Act, and may remove any officer or person so appointed or employed.

(4.) There shall be paid to any officer or person appointed or employed under this section, such salaries or other remuneration as the Treasury may assign, and that remuneration and all expenses of the Commissioners, incurred with the sanction of the Treasury in the execution of this Act, shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(5.) On holding any inquiry for the purposes of this Act, any Commissioner or officer of the Commissioners shall have the same powers as an inspector of the Local Government Board has on holding a local inquiry under the Public Health Act, 1875. 38 & 39 Vict.

(6.) There shall be paid to the Commissioners by the councils of c- 55-the counties and county boroughs whose financial relations are adjusted by the Commissioners in pursuance of this Act, such amounts as the Treasury may fix as necessary for the payment of the costs of such adjustment, including a proper share of the salaries and remuneration of the officers and persons appointed or employed by such Commissioners, and such amounts shall be paid into the Exchequer, and the amount so paid shall be included as part of the adjustment.

(7.) The authority of the Commissioners shall extend to the settlement and the determination by them, on such terms and in such manner as they, in their absolute discretion, think most just and fit, of the matters referred to them, and also of all such matters and questions as are, in their judgment, incident thereto or consequent thereon, to the end that their award or awards may effect a final settlement, and until a final settlement is made the authority of the Commissioners shall extend to determine the proportions

280

Ch. 41.

Local Government Act, 1888.

Part III. — Boundaries.

51 & 52 Vict.

Adjustment of property and "abilities.

in which payments are to be made to the councils of counties and county boroughs out of the Loc d Taxation Account, and all payments so made shall be taken into account in the making of the adjustment.

(8.) Every award, order, and other instrument made by or proceeding from the Commissioners, shall be binding and conclusive to and for all intents and purposes, and shall have the like effect as if it had been made by a judge of the High Court of Justice in England, and shall be acted on, obeyed, executed, and enforced by all sheriffs and other officers and persons accordingly. No such award, order, or other instrument shall be removable by any writ or process into any of Her Majesty's Courts, and the Commissioners proceedings or acts shall not be liable to be interfered with or questioned by or in any court, or elsewhere, by way of mandamus, prohibition, injunction, or otherwise.

(9.) The costs of and attending the inquiry and award shall be borne and paid by the parties out of the fund or rate applicable to their general expenses, in such proportions as the Commissioners may direct, and the Commissioners may order the taxation of any costs in such manner as they may see fit.

(10.) The powers of the Commissioners shall, unless continued by Parliament, cease on the last day of December one thousand eight hundred and ninety.

62. — (1.) Any councils and other authorities affected by this Act or by any scheme, order, or other thing made or done in pursuance of this Act, may from time to time make agreements for the purpose of adjusting any property, income, debts, liabilities, and expenses, so far as affected by this Act or such scheme, order, or thing, of the parties to the agreement, and the agreement and any other agreement authorised by this Act to be made for the purpose of the adjustment of any property, debts, liabilities, or financial relations, may provide for the transfer or retention of any property, debts, and liabilities, with or without any conditions, and for the joint use of any property, and for the transfer of any duties, and for payment by either party to the agreement in respect of property, debts, duties, and liabilities so transferred or retained, or of such joint user, and in respect of the salary, remuneration, or compensation payable to any officer or person, and that either by way of & capital sum, or of a terminable annuity for a period not exceeding that allowed by the commissioners under this Act or the Local Government Board.

(2.; In default of an agreement as to any matter requiring adjustment for the purpose of this Act, or any matter which, in case of difference, is to be referred to arbitration, then, if no other mode of making such adjustment or determining such difference is provided by this Act, such adjustment or difference may be made or determined by an arbitrator appointed by the parties, or in case of difference as to the appointment, appointed by the Local Government Board.

1888.

Ch. 41.

281

Local Government, 1888.

Part III. — Boundaries.

(3.) An arbitrator appointed under this Act shall be deemed to be an arbitrator within the meaning of the Lands Clauses Consoli- 8 & 9 Vict, dation Act, 1845, and the Acts amending the same, and the pro- c*18-visions of those Acts with respect to an arbitration shall apply accordingly; and, further, the arbitrator may state a special case, and notwithstanding anything in the said Acts, shall determine the amount of the costs, and shall have power to disallow as costs in the arbitration the costs of any witness whom he considers to have been called unnecessarily, and any other costs which he considers to have been incurred unnecessarily.

(4.) Any award or order made by the Commissioners or any arbitrator under this Act may provide for any matter for which an agreement might have provided.

(5.) Any sum required to be paid for the purpose of adjustment, or of any award or order made by the Commissioners, or an arbitrator under this Act, may be paid out of the county or borough fund or out of such other special fund as the council, with the approval of the Commissioners under this Act or of the Local Government Board, may direct

(6.) The payment of any capital sum required to be paid for the purposes of the adjustment or of an agreement under this Act, or of any award or order made upon any arbitration under this Act, shall be a purpose for which a council may borrow under this Act, or in the case of a borough council, under the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, or any local Act, and such sum may be borrowed on the security of all or any of the funds, rates, and revenues of the council, and either by the creation of stock or in any other manner in which they are for the time being authorised to borrow, and such sum may be borrowed without the consent of the Treasury or any other authority, so that it be repaid within such period as the Local Government Board may sanction, by such method as is mentioned in Part Four of this Act for paying off a loan, or, if the sum is raised by stock under a local Act, by such method as is directed by that Act.

(7.) Any capital sum paid to any council for the purpose of any adjustment, or in pursuance of any order or award of an arbitrator under this Act shall be treated as capital, and applied, with the sanction of the Local Government Board, either in the repayment of debt or for any other purpose for which capital money may be applied.

63. Where the Local Government Board are required in pur- Arbitration by suance of this Act to decide any difference or other matter referred to arbitration in pursuance of this Act, the provisions of the Regu- 81 & 32 Vict. lation of Railways Act, 1868, respecting arbitrations by the Board c. 119. of Trade, and the enactments amending those provisions, shall apply as if they were herein re-enacted, and in terms made applicable to the Local Government Board and the decision of differences and matters under this Act.

282 Ch. 41. Local Government, 1888. 51 & 52 VICT.

Part IV. — Finance.

PART IV.

Finance.

Transfer of county property and liabilities.

Property Funds and Costs of County Council.

64. — (1.) On and after the appointed day all property of the quarter sessions of a county, or held by the clerk of the peace, or any justice or justices of a county, or treasurer, or commissioners, or otherwise for any public uses and purposes of a county, or any division thereof, shall pass to and vest in and be held in trust for the council of the county, subject to all debts and liabilities affecting it, and shall be held by the county council for the same estate, interest, and purposes, and subject to the same covenants, conditions, and restrictions, for and subject to which that property is or would have been held if this Act had not passed, so far as those purposes are not modified by this Act. Provided that —

(a) the existing records of or in the custody of the court of quarter sessions shall, subject to any order of that court, remain in the same custody in which they would have been if this Act had not passed; and

(b) where any property belongs to a charity, nothing in this Act shall affect the trust of such charity, and until otherwise directed by the Charity Commissioners for England and Wales, the trustees or managers of the charity shall be appointed in like manner as if this Act had not passed; and

(c) the justices of any county may retain any pictures, chattels, or property on the ground that the same have been presented to them or purchased out of their own funds or otherwise belong to them, and are not held for public purposes of the county, and any difference arising between the county council and the justices with respect to any such retention shall be referred to and determined by the Commissioners under this Act.

(2.) On and after the appointed day all debts and liabilities of the quarter sessions, or of the clerk of the peace, or any justice or justices, or treasurer, or commissioners, incurred for county purposes, shall become debts and liabilities of the county council, and shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, be defrayed by them out of the like property and funds out of which they would have been defrayed if this Act had not passed.

(3.) The county council shall have full power to manage, alter, and enlarge, and, with the consent of the Local Government Board, to alienate any land or buildings transferred by this section, or otherwise vested in the council, but shall provide such accommodation and rooms, and such furniture, books, and other things as may from time to time be determined by the standing joint committee of quarter sessions and the county council, to be necessary or proper for the due transaction of the business, and convenient keeping of the records and documents, of the quarter sessions and justices out of sessions, or of any committee of such quarter sessions or justices.

1888.

Ch. 41.

283

Local Government Act, 1888.

Part IV. — Finance.

(4.) This section shall apply, with the necessary modifications, to the administrative counties of Sussex and Suffolk.

(5.) This section shall apply in the case of the property, debts, and liabilities of the justices of all the ridings and divisions of the counties of York or Lincoln at their gaol sessions, or of commissioners appointed by the justices, in like manner as if it were herein re-enacted with the substitution of gaol sessions or commissioners for quarter sessions, and of clerk of gaol sessions for clerk of the peace, and as if the joint committee of the councils of the three ridings or divisions were the council of the county; and the said joint committee shall, for the purposes of the said property, debts and liabilities, and for the transaction of the administrative business and execution of their duties under this Act, be a body corporate, with perpetual succession and a common seal, by the name of the county committee, with the prefix of the name of the county, and with power to acquire and hold land for the purposes of their constitution without licence in mortmain.

(6.) The county council of the soke of Peterborough shall be liable to repair the county bridges in the soke, and if any costs are incurred by the county council of the county of Northampton for the benefit of the soke, an adjustment thereof shall be made by agreement, or by arbitration in manner provided by this Act.

66. — (1.) A county council may, from time to time, for the purpose of any of their powers and duties, including those which are to be executed through the standing joint committee, acquire, purchase, or take on lease, or exchange any lands or any easements or rights over or in land, whether situate within or without the county, and may acquire, hire, erect, and furnish such halls, buildings, and offices as they may from time to time require, whether within or without their county.

(2.) For the purpose of the purchase, taking on lease, or exchange of such lands, sections one hundred and seventy-six, one hundred and seventy-seven, and one hundred and seventy-eight of the Public Health Act, 1875, shall apply as if they were herein re-enacted, and in terms made applicable to the county council

(3.) Where the county council, with the consent of the Local Government Board, sell any land, the proceeds of such sale shall be applied in such manner as the said Board sanction towards the discharge of any loan of the council, or otherwise for any purpose for which capital may be applied by the council.

66. All costs incurred by the quarter sessions or the justices out of session of a county, and all costs incurred by any justice, police officer, or constable, in defending any legal proceedings taken against him in respect of any order made, or act done, in the execution of his duty as such justice, police officer, or constable shall, to such amount as may be sanctioned by the standing joint committee of the county council and quarter sessions, and, so far as they are not otherwise provided for, be paid out of the county fund of the county, and the council of the county shall provide for such payment accordingly.

Power to acquire lands.

Costs of justices to be payable out of county fund.

284

Ch. 41.

Adjustment of law as respects costs ordered by quarter sessions or justices to be paid.

Funds of county council.

Local Government Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Part IV. — Finance.

67. Any order of a court of quarter sessions, or of any justices or justice out of session, for the payment by the county treasurer of costs in criminal proceedings or of costs under the Act of the forty-eighth year of the reign of King George the Third, chapter seventy-five, shall be obeyed by the county treasurer in like manner as heretofore, and the county council shall cause the treasurer, or some other person on *his behalf, to attend at every court of quarter sessions for the purpose of paying such sums as may be ordered by the court to be so paid.

68. — (1.) All receipts of the county council, whether for general or special county purpose *, shall be carried to the county fund, and all payments for general or special county purposes shall be made in the first instance out of that fund.

(2.) In this Act the expression "general county purposes" means all purposes declared by this or any other Act to be general county purposes, and all purposes for contributions to which the county council are for the time being authorised by law to assess the whole area of their administrative county, and the expression "general county account" means the account of the county fund to which the contributions so raised are carried, and any costs incurred for a general county purpose shall be general expenses, and all costs incurred by the county council in the execution of their duties which are not by law made special expenses shall be general expenses.

(3.) In this Act the expression "special county purposes" means any purposes from contribution to which any portion of the county is for the time being exempt, and also includes any purposes where the expenditure involved is by law restricted to a hundred, division, or other limited part of the county, and the expression "special county account" means any account of the county fund to which contributions for special county purposes are carried, and any costs incurred for a special county purpose shall be special expenses.

(4.) If the moneys standing to the general county account of the county fund are insufficient to meet the expenditure for general county purposes, county contributions may be levied to meet the deficiency on the whole administrative county, and shall be assessed on all the parishes in the county.

(5.) If the moneys standing to any special county account of the county fund are insufficient to meet the expenditure for the special county purposes chargeable to that account, county contributions may be levied to meet the deficiency on any parishes in the county liable to be assessed to county contributions for those purposes.

(6.) Any precept for county contributions may include as separate items a contribution for general county purposes, and & contribution for any special county purpose or purposes, and subject as in this or any other Act mentioned, county contributions, whether for general or special county purposes, which are liable to be assessed on the parishes, shall be assessed on such parishes in proportion to the annual value thereof, as determined

1888. Local Government Act, 1888. Ch. 41. 285

Part IV. — Finance.

by the standard or basis for the county rate, and all enactments applying to such standard or basis or to county rate shall (save as altered by this Act) apply so far as may be, consistently with the tenor thereof, to county contributions, and those enactments shall extend to all parishes within any borough which are liable under this Act to be assessed to county contributions.

(7.) The county council shall keep such accounts as will prevent the whole administrative county from being charged with expenditure properly payable by a portion only of the county, and will prevent any sums raised in a portion only of the county being applied in reduction of expenditure properly payable by the whole or a larger part of the county, and will further secure any such exemption as above in this section mentioned, and will prevent any sums by law specifically applicable to any particular purpose from being applied to any other purpose.

(8.) In determining the amount of expenditure for any particular county purpose, general or special, a proper proportion of the cost of the officers and buildings and establishment of the county council may be added to the expenditure directly expended for that purpose.

(9.) County contributions may be made retrospective in order to raise money for the payment of costs incurred, or having become payable at any time within six months before the demand of the contributions.

69. — (1.) The county council may from time to time, with the Borrowing by consent of the Local Government Board, borrow, on the security of °°unty councl1-the county fund, and of any revenues of the council, or on either such fund or revenues, or any part of the revenues, such sums as may be required for the following purposes, or any of them, that is to say;

(a.) for consolidating the debts of the county; and (b.) for purchasing any land or building any building, which the council are authorised by any Act to purchase or build; and (c.) for any permanent work or other thing which the county council are authorised to execute or do, and the cost of which ought in the opinion of the Local Government Board to be spread over a term of years; and (d.) for making advances (which they are hereby authorised to make) to any persons or bodies of persons, corporate or unincorporate, in aid of the emigration or colonisation of inhabitants of the county, with a guarantee for repayment of such advances from any local authority in the county, or the Government of any colony; and (e.) for any purpose for which quarter sessions or the county council are authorised by any Act to borrow, but neither the transfer of powers by this Act nor anything else in this Act shall confer on the county council any power to borrow without the consent above mentioned, and that consent shall dispense with the necessity of obtaining any other consent which may he required by the Acts relating to such borrowing, and the Local

286

Ch. 41.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 83.

38 & 39 Vict. C. 55.

Local Government Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Part IV. — Finance.

Government Board, before giving their consent, shall take into consideration any representation made by any ratepayer or owner of property rated to the county fund.

(2.) Provided that where the total debt of the county council, after deducting the amount of any sinking fund, exceeds, or if the proposed loan is borrowed will exceed, the amount of one tenth of the annual rateable value of the rateable property in the county, ascertained according to the standard or basis for the county rate, the amount shall not be borrowed, except in pursuance of a provisional order made by the Local Government Board and confirmed by Parliament.

(3.) A county council may also from timo to time, without any consent of the Local Government Board, during the period which was fixed for the discharge of any loan raised by them under this Act or transferred to them by this Act, borrow on the like security such amount as may be required for the purpose of paying off the whole or any part of such loan, or if any part of such loan has been repaid otherwise than by capital money for re-borrowing the amount so repaid, and for the purpose of this section, " capital money " includes any instalments, annual appropriations, and sinking fund and the proceeds of the sale of laud or other property, but does not include money previously borrowed for the purpose of repaying a loan.

(4.) All money re-borrowed shall be repaid within the period fixed for the discharge of the original loan, and every loan for re-borrowing shall for the purpose of the ultimate discharge be deemed to form part of the same loan as the original loan, and the obligations of the council with respect to the discharge of the original loan shall not be in any way affected by means of the re-borrowing.

(5.) A loan under this section shall be repaid within such period, not exceeding thirty years, as the county council, with the consent of the Local Government Board, determine in each case.

(6.) The county council shall pay off every loan either by equal yearly or half yearly instalments of principal, or of principal and interest combined, or by means of a sinking fund set apart, invested, and applied in accordance with the Local Loans Act, 1875, and the Acts amending the same.

(7.) Where a loan is raised for any special county purpose, the council shall take care that the sums payable in respect of the loon are charged to the special account to which the expenditure for that purpose is chargeable.

(8.) Where the county council are authorised to borrow any money on loan they may raise such money either as one loan or several loans, and either by stock issued under this Act, or by debentures or annuity certificates under the Local Loans Act, 1875, and the Acts amending the same, or, if special reasons exist for so borrowing, by mortgage, in accordance with sections two hundred and thirty-six and two hundred and thirty-seven of the Public Health Act, 1875.

1888. Local Government Act, 1888. Ch. 41 287

Part IV. — Finance.

(9.) Provided that where a county council have borrowed by means of stock they shall not borrow by way of mortgage except for a period not exceeding five years.

(10.) Where the county council borrow by debentures such debentures may be for any amount not less than five pounds.

(11.) The provisions of this section which authorise advances in aid of the emigration or colonisation of inhabitants of the county, and borrowing for those advances, except the provisions respecting the total debt, shall extend to the councils of boroughs mentioned in the Third Schedule to this Act.

(12.) Nothing in this section shall be taken to empower the Cheshire County Council to borrow on the security of any revenue estimated to accrue from the surplus funds of the River Weaver Navigation.

70. — (1.) County stock may be created, issued, transferred, issue of count* dealt with, and redeemed in such manner and in accordance with 8tock-

such regulations as the Local Government Board may from time to time prescribe.

(2.) Without prejudice to the generality of the above power, such regulations may provide for the discharge of any loan raised by such stock, and in the case of consolidation of debt for extending or varying the times within which loans may be discharged, and may provide for the consent of limited owners and for the application of the Acts relating to stamp duties and to cheques and for the disposal of unclaimed dividends, and may apply for the purposes of this section, with or without modifications, any enactments of the Local Loans Act, 1875, and the Acts amending the same, and of any Act relating to stock issued by the Metropolitan Board of Works, or by the corporation of any municipal borough.

(3.) Such regulations shall be laid before each House of Parliament for not less than thirty days during which such House sits, and if either House during such thirty days resolves that such regulations ought not to be proceeded with the same shall be of no effect, without prejudice nevertheless to the making of further regulations.

(4.) If no such resolution is passed it shall be lawful for Her Majesty by Order in Council to confirm such regulations, and the same when so confirmed shall be deemed to have been duly made and to be within the powers of this Act, and shall be of the same force as if they were enacted in this Act.

71. — (1.) The accounts of the receipts and expenditure of county Audit of councils shall be made up to the end of each local financial year accoaut8 of as defined by this Act, and be in the form for the time being coun y counc prescribed by the Local Government Board.

(2.) The provisions of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, with respect to the return to the Local Government Board of the accounts of a council of a borough and to the accounts of the treasurer of the borough, and to the inspection and abstract thereof shall apply to the accounts of a county council, and of the treasurer and officers of such council, and the said provisions respecting the

288

Ch. 41.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 55.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 6.

Adaptation of Part V. of 45 & 46 Vict. c. 50. as to corporate property and liabilities.

Fixing of local financial year and consequent adjustments.

Annual budget of county councils.

Local Government Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Part IV. — Finance.

return to the Local Government Board shall extend to the return to that Board of a printed copy of the abstract of the said accounts.

(3.) The accounts of a county council and of the county treasurer and officers of such council, shall be audited by the district auditors appointed by the Local Government Board in like manner as accounts of an urban authority and their officers under sections two hundred and forty-seven and two hundred and fifty of the Public Health Act, 1875, and those sections and all enactments amending them or applying to audit by district auditors, including the enactments imposing penalties and providing for the recovery of sums, shall apply in like manner as if, so far as they relate to an audit of the accounts of an urban authority and the officers of such authority, they were herein re-enacted with the necessary modifications, and accordingly all ratepayers and owners of property in the county shall have the like rights, and there shall be the same appeal as in the case of such audit. Provided that the First Schedule to the District Auditors Act, 1879, shall be modified in manner described in the Second Schedule to this Act.

72. After the appointed day the Local Government Board shall exercise, as regards any county borough, or other borough, the powers conferred by Part V. of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, relating to corporate property and liabilities, as respects the approval of loans and of the alienation of property, and other matters therein mentioned, and that Part shall, as respects any transactions commenced after the appointed day, be construed as if "Local Government Board" were throughout that Part substituted for " Treasury."

Local Financial Year and Annual Budget.

73. — (1.) After the appointed day, not being more than three years after the passing of this Act, the local financial year shall be the twelve months ending the thirty-first day of March, and the accounts of the receipts and expenditure of every county council shall be made up for that year, but until the appointed day the local financial year shall be the twelve months ending the twenty-fifth day of March, and the said accounts shall be made up for that year.

(2.) All enactments relating to accounts of local authorities, or the audit thereof, or to returns touching their receipts and expenditure, or to meetings, or other matters, shall be n.odified so far as is necessary for adapting them to the provisions of this section, and the Local Government Board shall from time to time give such orders and make such arrangements as appear to the Board to be necessary or proper for effecting such adaptation, and giving effect to the provisions of this section.

74. — (1.) At the beginning of every local financial year, every county council shall cause to be submitted to them an estimate of the receipts and expenses of such council during that financial year,

Ch. 41.

289

1888. Local Government Act, 1888.

Part IV. — Finance.

whether on account of property, contributions, rates, loans, or otherwise.

(2.) The council shall estimate the amount which will require to be nosed in the first six months, and in the second six months of the said financial year by means of contributions.

(3.) If at the expiration of the firAt six months of such financial year it appears to the council that the amount of the contribution or rate estimated at the commencement of the year will be larger than is necessary or will be insufficient, the council may revise the estimate and alter accordingly the amount of the contribution or rate.

PART V.

Supplemental.

Application of Acta.

75. For the purpose of the provisions of this Act with respect Application of to county councils, and to the chairmen, members, committees, and J officers of such councils, and otherwise for the purpose of canying councils and117 this Act into effect, the following portions of the Municipal Cor- this Act. porations Act, 1882, namely, Part Two, Part Three, Part Four (as amended by the Municipal Elections (Corrupt Practices) Act, 1884), *7 & 48 Vict, section one hundred and twenty-four in Part Five, Part Twelve, c. 70.

Part Thirteen, the Second Schedule, Part Two and Part Three of the Third Schedule, and Part One of the Eighth Schedule shall, so far as the same are unrepealed and are consistent with the provisions of this Act, apply as if they were herein re-enacted with the enactments amending the same in such terms and with such modifications as are necessary to make them applicable to the said councils and their chairmen, members, committees, and officers, and to the other provisions of this Act.

Provided as follows: —

(1.) In a year in which county councillors are elected, the elections of those councillors, and of councillors of a borough, shall be conducted together.

(2.) Such person as the county council may appoint shall be the returning officer for the election of county councillors of the county council, in substitution for the mayor, and for the aldermen assigned for that purpose by the council.

(3.) The returning officer, without prejudice to any other power, may by writing under his hand appoint a fit person to be his deputy for all or any of the purposes relating to the election of any such councillor, and may by himself or such deputy exercise any powers and do any things which a returning officer is authorised or required to exercise or do in relation to such election, and shall for the purposes of the election have all the powers of the sheriff.

(4.) A reference in this Act, or in the enactments applied by this Act, to the returning officer or to the mayor or to the alder-[tb law bbfobts.] T

290

Oh, 41.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 10.

Local Government Act, 188S. 51 & 52 Vict.

Part V.-Supplemental.

man shall, so far as relates to the election of Any such councillor, be construed to refer to the returning officer, and any such deputy as above mentioned.

(5.) A reference in the said enactments to the town clerk so far as respects the election of any such councillor shall be construed to refer to the returning officer or his deputy, and as respects matters subsequent to the election, shall be construed to refer to the clerk of the county council.

(6.) In a borough the returning officer for the purpose of the election of councillors of the borough shall continue to be the same as heretofore, and where an electoral division of the county is co*extensive with or wholly comprised in such borough, shall at the election in such division of a councillor of the county council act as the returning officer in pursuance of a writ directed to him from the county returning officer, and so far as respects that election shall follow the instructions of, and return the names of the persons elected to the county returning officer in like manner as if he were a deputy returning officer, and any decision of an objection shall be subject to revision by the county returning officer accordingly, and a reference in the said enactments to the town clerk shall, as respects the borough, be construed to refer to the town clerk.

(7.) Some place fixed by the returning officer shall, except where the election is in a borough, be substituted for the town clerk’s office, and, as respects the hearing of objections to nomination papers, for the town hall, but such place shall, if the electoral division is the whole or part of an urban district, be in that district, and in any other case shall be in the electoral division or in an adjoining electoral division.

(8.) The returning officer shall forthwith after the election of county councillors for the county return the names of the persons elected to the clerk of the county council.

(9.) The period between the nomination and election may be such period, not exceeding six days, as the returning officer may fix.

(10.) An outgoing alderman shall not as alderman vote in the election of a chairman.

(11.) The hours of the poll shall be those fixed by the Elections (Hours of Poll) Act, 1885.

(12.) Section eleven of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, with respect to the qualification of a county councillor by reason of his being entered in the separate non-resident list, shall include, for the purposes of this Act, all persons entered in such separate list in any municipal borough by reason of occupation of property in the borough, and all persons entered in such separate list for any part of a county not in a municipal borough by reason of the occupation of property in that part.

1888. Local Government Act, 1888. Ch. 41. 291

Part y. — Supplemental.

(18.) The seventh of November shall be substituted for the ninth of November as the ordinary day of election of the chairman and of county aldermen, and as the day for holding a quarterly meeting of the county council.

(14.) Ten days shall be substituted for five days in section thirty-four of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, as the time within which a person elected to a corporate office is to accept that office, and twelve months shall be substituted for six months in section thirty-nine of the said Act, as the period of absence which disqualifies an alderman or councillor.

(15.) The quorum of the council shall be one fourth of the whole number of the council, and one fourth shall, for the purposes of this section, be substituted for one third in paragraph ten of the second schedule to the Municipal Corporations Act,

1882.

(16.) Nothing in the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, as applied by this section —

(a) shall alter the application of any fine, penalty, or forfeiture recoverable in a summary manner; or,

(b) shall apply any of the provisions of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, with reference to boundaries or the alteration of wards or borough auditor’s, nor any of the following provisions, namely, sub-section five of section fifteen, section sixteen, section two hundred and fifty-one, or section two hundred and fifty-seven; or

(c) shall render any person elected to a corporate office without his consent to his nomination being previously obtained liable to pay a fine on non-acceptance of office, or render a chairman or deputy chairman disqualified as such by reason of absence; or

(d) shall authorise or require a returning officer to hold an election of a councillor to fill a casual vacancy in the representation of an electoral division where the vacancy occurs within six months before the time fixed by this Act for a new election of a councillor to represent such electoral division; or

(e) shall apply to a county council section seventeen of the said Act with respect to the town clerk, nor, unless the county council so resolve, section eighteen respecting the treasurer, but, if the county council so resolve, section eighteen shall supersede the existing enactments with respect to the county treasurer; or,

(f) shall require the acts and proceedings of the standing joint committee of the county council and quarter sessions to be submitted to the county council for their approval; or

(g) shall prevent the use of schools and public rooms for the purpose of taking the poll at elections under this Act, but section six of the Ballot Act, 1872, shall apply in the case 85 & 86 Vict, of elections under this Act, and the returning officer may, c. 88.

P £P

292

Ch. 41.

Local Government Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Part V. — Supplemental.

38 & 39 Vict. 84.

& 49 Vict. 62.

49 & 50 Vict. c. 57.

Amendment of 31 & 52 Vict. c. 10.

in addition to using such rooms free of charge for taking the poll, use the same free of charge for hearing objections to nomination papers and for counting votes.

(17.) All costs properly incurred in relation to the holding of elections of councillors of county councils, so far as not otherwise provided for by law, shall be paid out of the county fund as general expenses.

(18.) The said costs shall not exceed those allowed by Part I. of the First Schedule to the Parliamentary Elections (Returning Officers) Act, 1875, as amended by the Parliamentary Elections (Returning Officers) Act, 1885, or by such scale as the county council may from time to time frame.

(19.) Sections four, five, six, and seven of the Parliamentary Elections (Returning Officers) Act, 1875, as amended by the Parliamentary Elections (Returning Officers) Act (1875) Amendment Act, 1886, shall apply as if they were herein re-enacted with the necessary modifications, and in particular with the substitution of the county council for the person from whom payment is claimed, and of one month for the period of fourteen days within which application may be made for taxation.

(20.) A county council shall, on the request of the returning officer, prior to a poll being taken at any election of a councillor of such council, advance to him such sum not exceeding ten pounds for every thousand electors at the election as he may require.

(21.) The meeting of a county council, or of any committee thereof, may be held at such place either within or without their county, as the council from time to time direct.

76. — (1.) The provisions of section four of the County Electors Act, 1888, with respect to the framing of the lists and register of voters in parts shall extend to parishes situate within a parliamentary borough.

(2.) In the provisions of section four of the said Act with respect to making out the lists of voters according to the order in which the qualifying premises appear in the rate book, the county authority shall mean the county council.

(3.) The names of the parliamentary electors and county electors in the lists in each polling district may be numbered consecutively, and such portion of those lists as consists of the names of parliamentary electors may be taken to form the register for the purpose of parliamentary elections, and such portion of those lists as contains the names of county electors may be taken to form the register of county electors.

(4.) For the purpose of the provisions of the Acts relating to the appointment of revising barristers, and of section nine of the County Electors Act, 1888, the county of Surrey and such portion of the county of London as is situate south of the Thames shall be deemed to be separate counties forming part of the south eastern circuit; and such portion of the administrative county of London

1888.

Ch. 41.

293

Local Government Act, 1888.

Part V. — Supplemental.

as is situate north of the Thames shall be deemed to form part of the county of Middlesex; and the county of Middlesex, inclusive of that portion, shall be deemed to be a separate county on a circuit; but any sum payable by the London county council in respect of either of the said portions of the county, shall be paid as for a general county purpose.

(5.) The provisions of section eleven of the County Electors Act,

1888, with respect to the payment of the sums therein mentioned shall apply to the payment of the said sums in the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight in like manner as if a county authority had not been established under this Act.

(6.) It is hereby declared that nothing in section twelve of the County Electors Act, 1888, applies to any person occupying si & 52 Vict, property within a borough. «•10.

(7.) It shall be lawful for Her Majesty the Queen, by Order in Council, from time to time to alter the instructions, precepts, notices, and forms under the Registration of Electors Acts, in such manner as appears to Her Majesty necessary for carrying into effect this Act and the County Electors Act, 1888, and any other Act for the time being in force amending or affecting the Acts mentioned in this sub-section, and the instructions, precepts, notices, and forms specified in any such Order in Council shall be observed and be valid in law, and clerks of the peace, and town clerks, and other officers shall act accordingly.

(8.) The provisions of section six of the said County Electors Act, 1888, requiring the statement of the barrister for the purpose of an appeal to be made not less than four days before the first day of the Michaelmas sittings shall not apply in the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight.

77. A person who is entitled to be registered as a county elector Residential in respect of any qualification in the administrative county of qualification of London, in all respects except that of residence, and is resident

beyond seven miles but within fifteen miles of the county, shall be tive county entitled to be registered as a county elector. of London.

78. — (1.) All enactments in any Act, whether general or local Construction of and personal, relating to any business, powers, duties or liabilities transferred by or in pursuance of this Act from any authority to a transferred, county council, either alone or jointly with the quarter sessions, or to any joint committee, shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, and so far as circumstances admit, be construed as if —

(a.) any reference therein to the said authority or to any committee or member thereof or to any meeting thereof (so far as it relates to the business, powers, duties, or liabilities transferred) referred to the county council or to a committee or member thereof or to a meeting thereof, as the case requires, and as if —

(6.) a reference to any clerk or officer of such authority referred to the clerk or officer of a county council or committee thereof, as the case requires,

294

Ch. 41.

Local Government Act, 1888, 51 & 52 Vict.

Part V. — Supplemental.

and all the said enactments shall be construed with such modifications as may be necessary for carrying this Act into effect.

(2.) Provided that the transfer of powers and duties enacted by this Act shall not authorise any county council or any committee or member thereof —

(a.) to exercise any of the powers of a court of record; or

(b.) to administer an oath; or

(c.) to exercise any jurisdiction under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts, or perform any judicial business, or otherwise act as justices or a justice of the peace; but this enactment shall be without prejudice to the position of the chairman of the county council as justice of the peace during his term of office.

(3.) Where under any such enactment as in this section mentioned, any powers, duties, or liabilities are to be exercised or discharged after any presentment or in any particular manner, or at any particular meeting, or subject to any other conditions, the county council may, by the standing orders for the regulation of their proceedings, provide for the exercise and discharge of those powers, duties, and liabilities without any such prior presentment or in a different manner, or at any meeting of the council fixed by the standing orders, or without such other conditions; and until such standing orders take effect shall exercise and discharge them in the like manner, and at the like time, and subject to the like conditions, so nearly as circumstances admit; and a presentment by a grand jury in relation to any such powers, duties, or liabilities, shall cease to be made otherwise than by way of indictment.

(4.) For the purposes of this section the expression "authority , T means a Secretary of State, the Board of Trade, the Local Government Board, and any Government Department, also any commissioners, conservators, or public body, corporate or unincorporate, specified in a Provisional Order transferring any powers, duties, or liabilities to the county council, also any quarter sessions and any justices, also the Metropolitan Board of Works, or other local authority mentioned in this Act; and the expression "member of an authority " includes, where the authority are quarter sessions or justices, any justice, and the expression "meeting of an authority " includes a court of quarter sessions and the assembly of justices in special or petty sessions; and the expression "clerk of an authority " includes in relation to any quarter sessions or justices, the clerk of the peace or the clerk to a justice as the case requires.

This section shall apply as if a joint committee were a committee of the county council.

Proceedings of Councils and.

Incorporation 79. — (1.) The council of each county shall be a body corporate of comity by the name of the county council with the addition of the name

council. of administrative county, and shall have perpetual succession

1888.

Ch. 41.

295

Local Government Act, 1888.

Part V. — Supplemental.

and a common seal and power to acquire and hold land for the purposes of their constitution without licence in mortmain.

(2.) All duties and liabilities of the inhabitants of a county shall become and be duties and liabilities of the council of such county.

(3.) Where any enactment (whether relating to lunatic asylums or bridges, or other county purposes, or to quarter sessions,) requires or authorises land to be conveyed or granted to, or any contract or agreement to be made in the name of, the clerk of the peace, or any justice or justices or other person, on behalf of the county or quarter sessions, or justices of the county, such land shall be conveyed or granted to, and such contract and agreement shall be made with, the council of the administrative county concerned.

80. — (1.) All payments to and out of the county fund shall be made to and by the county treasurer, and all payments out of the fund shall, unless made in pursuance of the specific requirement of an Act of Parliament or of an order of a competent court, be made in pursuance of an order of the council signed by three members of the finance committee present at the meeting of the council and countersigned by the clerk of the council, and the same order may include several payments. Moreover all cheques for payment of moneys issued in pursuance of such order shall be countersigned by the clerk of the council or by a deputy approved by the council.

(2.) Any such order may be removed into the High Court of Justice by writ of certiorari, and may be wholly or partly disallowed or confirmed on motion and hearing with or without costs, according to the judgment and discretion of the court.

(8.) Every county council shall from time to time appoint a finance committee for regulating and controlling the finance of their county; and an order for the payment of a sum out of the county fund, whether on account of capital or income, shall not be made by a county council, except in pursuance of a resolution of the council passed on the recommendation of the finance committee, and (subject to the provisions of this Act respecting the standing joint committee) any costs, debt, or liability exceeding fifty pounds shall not be incurred except upon a resolution of the council passed on an estimate submitted by the finance committee.

(4.) The notice of the meeting at which any resolution for the payment of a sum out of the county fund (otherwise than for ordinary periodical payments), or any resolution for incurring any costs, debt, or liability exceeding fifty pounds will be proposed, shall state the amount of the said sum, costs, debt, or liability, and the purpose for which they are to be paid or incurred.

(5.) This section shall not apply to county boroughs.

81. — (1.) Any county council or councils, and any court or courts of quarter sessions, may from time to time join in appointing out of their respective bodies a joint committee for any purpose in respect of which they are jointly interested.

(2.) Any council or court taking part in the appointment of any joint committee under this section, may from time to time delegate

Payments out of fund and finance committee of county council.

Appointment of Joint committees.

206

Ch. 41.

Local Government, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Part V — Supplemental.

to the committee any power which such council or court might exercise for the purpose for which the committee is appointed.

(3.) Provided that nothing in this section shall authorise a council to delegate to a committee any power of making a rate or borrowing any money.

(4.) Subject to the terms of delegation, any such joint committee shall, in respect of any matter delegated to it, have the same power in all respects as the councils and courts appointing it, or any of them, as the case may be.

(5.) The members of a joint committee appointed under this Act shall be appointed at such times and in such manner as may be from time to time fixed by the council or court who appointed them, and shall hold office for such time as may be fixed by the council or court who appointed them, so that where any members of the committee were appointed by the county council, such committee do not continue for more than three months after any triennial election of councillors of such county council.

(6.) The costs of a joint committee shall be defrayed by the council by whom any of its members were appointed, or if appointed by more than one council in the proportion agreed to by them; and the accounts of such joint committee and their officers shall, for the purposes of the provisions of this Act, be deemed to be accounts of the county council and their officers.

(7.) This section shall apply to the councils of county boroughs in like manner as to councils of administrative counties, and a standing joint committee may be appointed for two or more administrative counties, inclusive of county boroughs, and the members of such joint committee shall be appointed by the several quarter sessions and councils in such proportion and manner as they respectively may arrange, and in default of arrangement as may be directed by a Secretary of State.

(8.) This section shall apply to the standing joint committees.

Proceedings of 82. — (1.) A county council appointing under this Act any com-

committees. mittee may from time to time make, vary, and revoke regulations respecting the quorum and proceedings of such committee, and as to the area (if any) within which it is to exercise its authority; and subject to such regulations the proceedings and quorum and the place of meeting whether within or without the county, shall be such as the committee may from time to time direct, and the chairman at any meeting of the committee shall have a second or lasting vote.

(2.) Every committee shall report its proceedings to the council by whom it was appointed, but to the extent to which the council so direct, the acts and proceedings of the committee shall not be Tequired by the provisions of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, to be submitted to the council for their approval.

(3.) In the case of a joint committee the councils and courts appointing the joint committee shall jointly have the*powers given by this section, and the provisions of this section shall apply accordingly. M

1888.

Local Government, 1888.

Part V. — Supplemental.

Ch. 41.

297

Officers.

83. Subject to the provisions of this Act for the protection of Clerk of the clerks of the peace holding office at the passing of this Act, the v* and of. following provisions shall have effecteom'T <K>"C, L

(1.) 'Hie clerk of the peace of a county, besides acting as clerk of the peace of that county, shall also (subject to the provisions of this Act as respects particular counties) be the clerk of the county council, and in that capacity is referred to in this Act t as the clerk of the county council.

(2.) He shall be from time to time appointed by the standing joint committee of the county council and the quarter sessions, and may be removed by that joint committee.

(3.) He shall, subject to the directions of the custos rotulorum or the quarter sessions or the county council, as the case may require, have charge of and be responsible for the records and documents of the county.

(4.) The joint committee may appoint a deputy clerk to hold office during their pleasure, and to act in lieu of such clerk in case of his death, illness, or absence, or in such other cases as may be determined by the joint committee, and wherever the deputy so acts, all things authorised or required to be done by, to, or before the clerk of the peace, or clerk of the county council, may be done by, to, or before any such deputy; without prejudice to the appointment of a deputy clerk for the purpose of a second court on the division of the court of quarter sessions for judicial business.

(5.) The council shall pay to the clerk of the peace in respect of his services as clerk of the peace and as clerk of the county council, such salary as may be from time to time fixed under the enactments relating thereto, and all fees and costs payable to the clerk of the peace which are not excluded when the salary of the clerk of the peace is fixed shall be paid to the county fund, and for the purpose of the enactments relating to such salary and fees, the standing joint committee of the county council and the quarter sessions shall be substituted for the quarter sessions and the local authority respectively.

(6.) The clerk of the peace, when acting in relation to any business of the county council, and when acting under the Acts relating to the registration of parliamentary voters, or to the deposit of plans or documents, or to jury lists, or to any registration matters, shall act under the direction of the county council, and all enactments relating to such business, registration, or deposit, shall be construed as if clerk of the county council were therein substituted for clerk of the peace.

<7.) The office of clerk of the peace of each of the administrative counties of Sussex and Suffolk shall be a separate office; but nothing in this Act shall prevent the same person from being appointed to both such offices; and the justices in general sessions assembled for the entire county of Sussex or Suffolk

298

Appointment of the justices’ clerks and clerks of committees.

Ch. 4(1. Local Government Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Yicrr. ’

Part F.~ Supplem

may from time to time appoint the person who is clerk of the peace for either administrative county to be clerk of the peace of such general sessions, and may remove such clerk, and the remuneration to be paid to such clerk shall be determined jointly by the standing joint committees for the administrative counties.

(8.) The existing records of the county of Sussex and of the county of Suffolk shall, subject to the order of quarter sessions, continue to be kept by the clerk of the peace of East Sussex and by the clerk of the peace for East Suffolk respectively.

(9.) This section shall apply to the clerks of the peace and deputy clerks of the peace of the county of Lancaster, in like manner as it applies to clerks of the peace of any other county, but the appointment of any such deputy clerk of the peace may be discontinued if the standing joint committee think fit.

(10.) The joint committee of the councils of the three ridings or divisions of Yorkshire and Lincolnshire may from time to time appoint a clerk of such joint committee, and may from time to time remove such clerk.

(11.) The clerk of the peace for the county of London shall be a separate officer from the clerk of the county council for the administrative county of London, and

(a) the clerk of the peace shall, subject to the directions of the quarter sessions, have charge of and be responsible for the records and documents of those sessions and of the justices out of session, and the clerk of the county council shall, subject to the directions of the council, have charge of and be responsible for all other documents of the county; and

(b) the council may from time to time appoint a deputy clerk of the council, and the foregoing provisions of this section with respect to the deputy clerk shall apply; and

(c) the council shall pay to the clerk of the council such salary as may be from time to time fixed by them.

(12.) The county council shall cause their clerk or other officer from time to time to send to a Secretary of State or the Local Government Board such returns and information as may from time to time be required by either House of Parliament.

(13.) Provided always, that no paid clerk or other paid official in the permanent employment of a county council who is required to devote his whole time to such employment shall be eligible to serve in Parliament.

84. — (1.) The salaried clerk of every petty sessional division shall be from time to time appointed, and removed, as heretofore.

(2.) The county council shall pay to the salaried clerks of petty sessional divisions such salaries as may be fixed under the enactments relating to those clerks, and all fees and costs payable to such clerks which are not excluded in the fixing of their salaries shall be paid into the county fund, and in the enactments relating to such salaries and fees the standing joint committee shall be

1688.

Ch. 41.

299

Local Government Act, 1888.

Part V. — Supplemental.

substituted for the quarter sessions justices and the local authority respectively.

Regulations for Bicycles, Sc.

85. — (1.) The provisions of section twenty-six, sub-section five, of the Highways and Locomotives (Amendment) Act, 1878, and section twenty-three, sub-section one, of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, in so far as it gives power to the council to make byelaws regulating the use of carriages herein referred to, and all other provisions of any public or private Acts, in so far as they give power to any local authority to make byelaws for regulating the use of bicycles, tricycles, velocipedes, and other similar machines, are hereby repealed, and bicycles, tricycles, velocipedes, and other similar machines are hereby declared to be carriages within the meaning of the Highway Acts; and the following additional regulations shall be observed by any person or persons riding or being upon such carriage: —

(a.) During the period between one hour after sunset and one hour before sunrise, every person riding or being upon such carriage shall carry attached to the carriage a lamp, which shall be so constructed and placed as to exhibit a light in the direction in which he is proceeding, and so lighted and kept lighted, as to afford adequate means of signalling the approach or position of the carriage;

(b.) Upon overtaking any cart or carriage, or any horse, mule, or other beast of burden, or any foot passenger, being on or proceeding along the carriage way, every such person shall within a reasonable distance from and before passing such cart or carriage, horse, mule, or other beast of burden, or such foot passenger, by sounding a bell or whistle, or otherwise, give audible and sufficient warning of the approach of the carriage.

(2.) Any person summarily convicted of offending against the regulations made by this section, shall for each and every such offence, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding forty shillings.

Adaptation of Acts.

86. For the purpose of adapting the Acts relating to pauper lunatic asylums to the provisions of this Act, the following provisions shall have effect: —

(1.) The accounts of the committee of visitors and of their officers shall, for the purposes of the provisions of this Act with respect to accounts of a county council and their officers, and the audit thereof, be deemed to be accounts of the council and officers.

(2.) Nothing in this Act shall transfer to the county council or any members thereof the jurisdiction of quarter sessions or any justices in relation to the removal, reception, or detention of a lunatic into or in an asylum, or to making orders

Regulations for bicycles, &c.

Adaptation of Lunatic Asylum Acts.

300

Ch. 41.

Local Government Act, 1888.

Pari V. — Supplemental.

51 & 52 Vict.

respecting the payment otherwise than out of the county fund of charges incurred on account of any pauper lunatic, or respecting any property of any such lunatic, or respecting his settlement or chargeability, or in relation to any appeal touching the said matters.

(3.) "Where at the passing of this Act the recorder or justices or council of a borough appoint members of the committee of visitors of any lunatic asylum, then —

(a.) if the representatives of that borough on the county council are entitled to vote for the appointment by that council of visitors of that asylum, such recorder or justices or council shall cease to have power to appoint the said members; and

(b.) if the representatives of the borough are not so entitled to vote, the said power of appointment by the recorder or justices shall be transferred to the council of the borough.

(4.) Where at the passing of this Act a borough with a separate court of quarter sessions not being a county borough, but containing, according to the census of one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one, a population of ten thousand or upwards, contracts with the quarter sessions of the county in which the borough is situate for the reception of the lunatics of the borough in the asylum of the county, such borough shall, on the determination of such contract, cease to have power to build a lunatic asylum, and subject to the enactments providing for an additional charge for the maintenance of lunatics in cases where no contribution has been made towards the cost of building and furnishing an asylum, shall be liable to contribute to the county rate of the county in respect of such lunatic asylum in like manner as the rest of the county.

(5.) Any asylum provided in whole or in part at the cost of a county shall for the purposes of this Act be included in the expression "county lunatic asylum."

(6.) Where there is more than one county lunatic asylum, the county council may from time to time appoint one committee for the management and control of all the county lunatic asylums, and such committee shall be the committee of each asylum within the meaning of the Acts relating to pauper lunatic asylums, and shall from time to time appoint a subcommittee for each separate asylum, and may delegate to that sub-committee, such powers and duties as the committee from time to time think fit.

(7.) The said committee may, subject to any directions given by the county council, provide that a uniform charge shall be made for the maintenance of lunatics in the several county asylums, and that for that purpose any surplus arising on the accounts of one asylum shall be applied to meet the deficit arising on the accounts of another asylum.

issa

Cfi. 41.

301

Local Government Act, 188a

Part V. — Supplemental.

(8.) The provisions of this Act with respect to the proceedings of committees of county councils shall apply to the proceedings of the committee of visitors for a lunatic asylum, and the chairman of such committee may be elected accordingly.

87. — (1 •) Where the Local Government Board are authorised by Application of this Act to make any inquiry, to determine any difference, to make or confirm any order, to frame any scheme, or to give any consent, c. 55. M to sanction, or approval to any matter, or otherwise to act under this local inquiries Act, they may cause to be made a local inquiry, and in that case, and also in a case where they are required by this Act to cause to 8l0Da ° er3‘ be made a local inquiry, sections two hundred and ninety-three to two hundred and ninety-six, both inclusive, of the Public Health Act, 1875, shall apply as if they were herein re-enacted, and in terms made applicable to this Act.

(2.) Sections two hundred and ninety-seven and two hundred and ninety-eight of the Public Health Act, 1875 (which relate to the making of provisional orders by the Local Government Board), shall apply for the purposes of this Act as if they were herein re-enacted, and in terms made applicable thereto.

(3.) Provided that, where a provisional order transfers to county councils generally any powers, duties, or liabilities of Her Majesty's Privy CDuncil, a Secretary of State, the Local Government Board, or other Government department, it shall not be necessary to hold a local inquiry nor to advertise in any local newspaper.

(4.) Where any matter is authorised or required by this Act to be prescribed, and no other provision is made declaring how the same is to be prescribed, the same shall be prescribed from time to time by the Local Government Board.

(5.) Where the Board cause any local inquiry to be held under this Act, the costs incurred in relation to such inquiry, including the salary of any inspector or officer of the Board engaged in such inquiry, not exceeding three guineas a day, shall be paid by the councils and other authorities concerned in such inquiry, or by such of them and in such proportions as the Board may direct, and the Board may certify the amount of the costs incurred, and any sum so certified and directed by the Board to be paid by any council or authority shall be a debt to the Crown from such council or authority.

88. In the administrative county of London the following pro- Adaptation

visions shall have effect:

(a.) The county council may from time to time appoint any fit person to be deputy chairman, and to hold office during the term of office of the chairman, and may pay to such deputy chairman such remuneration as the county council may from time to time think fit;

(b.) Subject to any rules from time to time made by the county council, anything authorised or required to be done by, to, or before the chairman, may be done by, to, or before such deputy chairman;

of Act to Metropolis.

302

C XL 41.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 55.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 120.

Adjustment of law as regards courts, juries, sittings, and legal proceedings in Middlesex and London.

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 36.

6 Geo. 4. c. 50.

Special provisions as to adjustment in the Metropolis.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 99.

Local Government Act, 1888. 51 & 52 VICT.

Part V, — Supplemental.

(c.) Section one hundred and ninety-one of the Public Health Act, 1875, shall apply to the Metropolis in like manner as if the Commissioners of Sewers in the City of London, and every vestry of a parish in Schedule A, and district board of a district in Schedule B. to the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, or under any Act amending the same, were a local authority within the meaning of that section, and as if any medical officer hereafter appointed by such commissioners, vestry, or district board were appointed under the said Act, and the provisions of this Act with respect to the qualification of a medical officer or to the payment by a county council of a portion of the salary of a medical officer shall apply accordingly.

89. — (1.) The Central Criminal Court Act, 1834, shall be construed as if the county of London were throughout mentioned therein as well as the county of Middlesex.

(2.) The County Juries Act, 1825, and the Acts amending the same, shall apply to the county of London in like manner as they apply to the county of Middlesex, and persons shall be qualified to serve as jurors, and lists of jurors shall be made out in like manner, so nearly as circumstances admit, as in that county; and the present exemption of inhabitants of the liberty and city of Westminster from serving on juries at quarter sessions for the county of Middlesex shall cease; but nothing in this section shall alter the qualification of persons to serve as jurors within the city of London.

(3.) Subject to rules of court made by the authority having power to make rules for the Supreme Court of Judicature, the county of London and the county of Middlesex shall be deemed to be one county for the purpose of all legal proceedings, civil or criminal, in the Supreme Court or Central Criminal Court, or any other court except the court of quarter sessions, and also for the purpose of the sittings of the Supreme Court, Central Criminal Court, or such other court as aforesaid, or of any judge of any of such courts, and also for the purpose of any jury, and of any court of assize, oyer and terminer, and gaol delivery; and all enactments, rules, orders, and documents referring to Middlesex shall be construed so as to give effect to this section; and rules of court may be from time to time made for the purpose of carrying this section into effect, and for regulating the issue of precepts to the sheriffs of the counties of London and Middlesex for the return of jurors, and the jurors so returned shall have the same powers, duties, and liabilities as if the two counties were one county.

90. In the adjustment of the property, debts, and liabilities between the counties of Surrey and Middlesex respectively, and the county of London, the annual sums payable by the counties of Surrey and Middlesex respectively in respect of certain bridges in pursuance of the Metropolis Toll Bridges Act, 1877, shall be

. 1888

Ch. 41.

303

Local Government Ac, 1888.

Part F. — Supplemental.

deemed to be liabilities, which. shall he. taken into consideration upon such adjustment.

91. The Acts relating to the general and local militia of the rest Adjustment as of England and Wales shall apply to the whole of the county of regards the London in like manner as they apply to any county at large; and Acts‘ accordingly Her Majesty shall from time to time appoint a lieutenant of the county of London, provided that nothing in this

section shall affect section fifty of the Militia Act, 1882. 4$ & 46 Vict.

c. 49.

Savings.

92. — (1.) Nothing in this Act, nor anything done in pursuance saving for of this Act, shall alter the limits of any parliamentary borough or votes at any parliamentary county, or the right of any person to be registered gj"^"entary as a voter at any parliamentary election.

(2.) Where by virtue of the provisions of this Act with respect to the county of London, or to urban sanitary districts situate partly within and partly without the boundary of a county, a place situate in a parliamentary county becomes part of the county of a council other than the council having authority over the largest part of the parliamentary county, that is to say, the part which contains the largest number of occupation voters, then, for the purpose of making out and revising the lists of voters, of conducting any parliamentary election, of polling districts, and assigning polling places, and for all purposes of and incidental to such matters, including the payment of expenses, such place shall be deemed to be part of the same county as the said largest part of the said parliamentary county, and the sheriff, council, clerk of the peace, authorities, and officers of that county shall have authority accordingly in the said place, and the provisions of the Registration Act, 1885, with respect to parliamentary counties 48 & 49 Vict, extending into more county quarter sessional areas than one, shall c-15* apply with the necessary modifications.

(3.) Provided that the clerk of the peace who receives from the revising barrister the lists of voters in any such place shall supply to any other clerk of the peace or other officer such number of revised lists as he may require for the purpose of making up a register of county electors.

93. — (1.) Nothing in this Act shall alter the metropolitan police Saving for district, nor (save as is expressly provided with respect to contri- ^tr°P°lltau butions in substitution for local grants) affect the metropolitan pj, ijce*y police force, or the raising of money for the same, and nothing in this Act shall affect the police of the City of London.

(2.) Nothing in this Act shall authorise any county council to raise any sum for the purposes of any police force by any contribution or rate levied within the metropolitan police district; and nothing in this Act shall alter the authority under the Riot 49 & so Vict. (Damages) Act, 1886, within the metropolitan police district or the «•38-City of London.

304

• Ca. 41.

Saving for metropolitan common poor fond.

Saving as to Middlesex, Surrey, and Kent.

Saving for Middlesex Land Registry.

Saving as to liability for main roads.

Saving for powers of Commissioners of Inland Revenue and Customs.

Definition of *« written."

Interpretation of certain terms in the Act.

Local Government, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Part V. — Supplemental.

94. The grant made by the county council of London in respect of indoor paupers shall be in addition to any payment made out of the metropolitan common poor fund, and nothing in this Act shall affect the enactments relating to the fund.

95. — (1.) Any enactment providing that any magistrate, commissioner, or other officer shall be a justice of the peace for Middlesex, shall be construed to refer to the county of London as well as the county of Middlesex.

(2.) Where any enactment, deed, instrument, or document refers to the county of Middlesex, Surrey, or Kent, such enactment, deed, instrument, or document shall be construed to apply to the same area to which it would have applied if this Act had not passed, except where such application is inconsistent with this Act, or where the object of such enactment, deed, instrument, or document requires that it shall be construed to apply to the county of London.

96. Nothing in this Act shall alter the area to which the enactments relating to the registration of land in the county of Middlesex apply, and any reference in those enactments or in any deed, instrument, or document made or issued under or for the purpose of those enactments, to the county of Middlesex, shall be construed to apply to the same area to which it would have applied if this Act had not passed.

97. Nothing in this Act with respect to main roads shall alter the liability of any person or body of persons, corporate or unincorporate, not being a highway authority, to maintain and repair any road or part of a road.

98. Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing sections of this Act, the Commissioners of Inland Revenue and the Commissioners of Customs, and the officers of those Commissioners respectively, shall have the same powers in relation to any articles subject to any duty of customs or excise, manufactured, imported, kept for sale, or sold, and any premises where the same may be, and to any machinery, apparatus, vessels, utensils, or conveyances used in connexion therewith or the removal thereof, and in relation to the person manufacturing, importing, keeping for sale, or having the custody of the same, as they would have had if this Act had not passed, and any licences transferred in pursuance of this Act had continued to be granted by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue.

Definitions.

99. All notices and documents required by this Act to be in writing may be in writing or print, or partly in writing and partly in print, and for the purposes of tins section " print " includes any mechanical mode of reproduction.

100. In this Act, if not inconsistent with the context, the following terms have the meanings herein-after resj>ectively assigned to them; that is to say:

1888.

Ch. 41.

305

Local Government Act, 1888.

Part V. — Supplemental.

The expression "county " does not include a county of a city or county of a town:

The expression "entire county " means, in the case of a county divided into administrative counties, the whole of the county formed by those administrative counties.

The expression "division of a county, " in the provisions of this Act respecting the property of quarter sessions, includes any hundred, lathe, wapentake, or other like division:

The expression "administrative county," means the area for which a county council is elected in pursuance of this Act, but does not (except where expressly mentioned) include a county borough:

The expression "metropolis" means the city of London and the parishes and places mentioned in Schedules A., B., and C. to the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, as amended by 18 & 19 Vict, subsequent Acts:c* 12° *

The expression "borough" means any place for the time being subject to the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, and any 45 & 46 Vict, reference to the mayor, aldermen, and burgesses of a borough c’ 50-shall include a reference to the mayor, aldermen, and citizens of a city:

The expression quarter sessions borough" means a borough having a separate court of quarter sessions and includes a county of a city and a county of a town, subject to the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882:

The expression "quarter sessions " as respects any county, riding, division, or liberty, means the justices in quarter or general sessions assembled, and includes justices assembled in gaol sessions, annual general sessions, and adjourned sessions, and as respects any borough, means any court of quarter or general sessions held for the borough or for any county of a city or town consisting of the borough, whether held by the recorder or by justices, and as respects the city of London, means the court of the mayor and aldermen in the inner chamber:

The expression "parish" means a place for which a separate overseer is or can be appointed, and where part of a parish is situate within, and part of it without, any county, borough, urban sanitary district, or other area, means each such part:

The expressions " parliamentry county, " and " parliamentary election, " and " parliamentary voters, " have the same meaning as in the Registration Act, 1885, and the Acts therein referred 48 & 49 Vict, to: c' 15‘

The expression "Secretary of State" means one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State:

The expression "Treasury" means the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury:

The expression "Bank of England" means the Governor and Company of the Bank of England:

The expression "existing" means existing at the time specified in the enactment in which the expression is used, and if no [thb law sbpokts.] (J

306

Ch. 41.

4 & 5 W.4.

c. 76.

88 & 39 Vict. c. 55.

Local Government Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Part V. — Supplemental.

such time is expressed, then at the day appointed to be for the purpose of such enactment the appointed day:

The expression "guardians" means guardians elected under the Poor Law Amendment Act, 1834, and the Acts amending the same, and includes guardians or other bodies of persons performing under any local Act the like functions to guardians # under the Poor Law Amendment Act, 1834:

The expression "poor law union" means any parish or union of parishes for which there is a separate board of guardians:

The expressions " district council " and " county district " mean respectively any district council established for purposes of local government under an Act of any future session of Parliament, and the district under the management of such council, and until such council is established, mean respectively —

(a.) as regards the provisions of this Act relating to highways and main roads, a highway authority and highway area; and

(b.) save as aforesaid, an urban or rural sanitary authority within the meaning of the Public Health Act, 1875, and the district of such authority:

The expression "highway area, " means, as the case may require, an urban sanitary district, a highway district, or a highway parish not included within any highway or urban sanitary district:

The expression "highway authority " means, as respects an urban sanitary district, the urban sanitary authority, and as respects a highway district, the highway board, or authority having the powers of a highway board, and as respects a highway parish, the surveyor or surveyors of highways or other officers performing similar duties:

The expression "urban authority " means, until the establishment of district councils as aforesaid, an urban sanitary authority; and after their establishment, the district council of an urban county district:

The expression "rural authority " means, until the establishment of district councils as aforesaid, a rural sanitary authority; and, after their establishment, the district council of a rural county district:

The expression "person " includes any body of persons, whether corporate or unincorporate:

Any expression referring to the value of any parish, borough, or area as ascertained by the standard or basis for the county rate or contributions shall, where any rateable value has been fixed by agreement between the councils of any county and county boroughs be that value, and subject thereto shall, in the case of any parish, borough, or area for which there is no such standard or basis, refer to the total rateable value as determined by the last valuation lists, or if there is no valuation list, by the last poor rates for such parish or the parishes

1888.

Of. 41.

307

Local Government Act, 1888.

Part V. — Supplemental.

comprised in such borough or area; and where an area is authorised or directed by this Act to be assessed to any contributions or rates, the same shall, unless otherwise provided by law, be assessed according to the standard or basis for the county rate:

The expression "property " includes all property, real and personal, and all estates, interests, easements, and; rights, whether equitable or legal, in, to, and out of property real and personal, including things in action, and registers, books, and documents; and when used in relation to any quarter sessions, clerk of the peace, justices, board, sanitary authority, or other authority, includes any property which on the appointed day belongs to, or is vested in, or held in trust for, or would but for this Act have, on or after that day, belonged to, or been vested in, or held in trust for, such quarter sessions, clerk of the peace, justices, board, sanitary authority, or other authority; and the expression "property " shall further include, in the case of the county of Chester, any surplus revenue of the River Weaver Trust, which is or would but for this Act be payable to the quarter sessions:

The expression "powers " includes rights, jurisdiction, capacities, privileges, and immunities:

The expression "duties " includes responsibilities and obligations: The expression "liabilities " includes liability to any proceeding for enforcing any duty or for punishing the breach of any duty, and includes all debts and liabilities to which any authority are or would but for this Act be liable or subject to, whether accrued due at the date of the transfer or subsequently accruing, and includes any obligation to carry or apply any money to any sinking fund or to any particular purpose:

The expression "powers, duties, and liabilities, " includes all powers, duties, and liabilities conferred or imposed by or arising under any local and personal Act:

The expression "expenses " includes cost and charges:

The expression "costs " includes charges and expenses:

The costs of assizes and of quarter and petty sessions includes such of the following costs as are applicable, that is to say, the costs of maintaining and providing the courts and offices and the judges1 lodgings, the salaries and remuneration of a chairman of quarter sessions, clerks of assize, clerks of the peace, clerks of the justices, and other officers, the costs of the jury lists, the costs of rewards ordered to be paid by the court, the costs of prosecutions including the costs of the defendant’s witnesses, and all other costs incidental to the assizes, quarter sessions, petty sessions, or the judges, but nothing shall require a quarter sessions borough to contribute towards the costs of prosecutions at assizes except in the case of prisoners committed for trial from the borough:

The expression "assizes " includes the Central Criminal Court:

308

Ch. 41.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 69.

[Short title.]

Extent of Act.

First election of county councillors.

Local Government 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Part V. — Supplemental.

The expression "pension " includes any superannuation allowance, gratuity, or other payment made on the retirement of any officer:

The expression "office " includes any place, situation, or employment, and the expression "officer" shall be construed accordingly:

The expression "the divisions of Lincolnshire" means the parts of Holland, the parts of Kesteven, and the parts of Lindsey:

The expression "County and Borough Police Act, 1856," means the Act of the session of the nineteenth and twentieth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter sixty-nine, intituled " An Act to render more effectual the police in counties and boroughs in England and Wales, " and the expression "County and Borough Police Acts" means the County and Borough Police Act, 1856, and the Acts therein recited:

The expression "main road " when used in relation to the district of any highway or road authority, means so much of the main road as is situate within the district of such authority.

In relation to the election of county councillors, the day of nomination shall be deemed to be the day on which the names of the persons nominated are fixed on the Town Hall or other conspicuous place.

101. This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland.

102. This Act may be cited as the Local Government Act, 1888.

PART VI.

Transitory Provisions.

First Election of County Councillors.

103. — (1.) The first election of county councillors under this Act shall be held in the month of January next after the passing of this Act on such day in each county not earlier than the fourteenth day of January as the returning officer for that county may fix, and the returning officer shall publish notice of such day in the preceding month of December, and the day so fixed shall be deemed for the purposes of the first election to be the ordinary day of election of county councillors.

(2.) The sheriff of each county shall be the returning officer for such first election, but if the sheriff desires to be a candidate at such election the county quarter sessions on his application may appoint another person to be the returning officer, and the person so appointed shall, for the purpose of such election, have the powers and duties of the sheriff.

(3.) At the first election, the returning officer may, if it appears to him necessary, divide an electoral division into polling districts, so however that every polling district shall be an area or a combination of areas for which separate parts of the register of electors are made out, and he shall settle and give proper notice of the places at which the poll for each electoral division, or district of a division, shall be taken.

1888.

Ch. 41.

809

Local Government, 1888.

Part VI. — Transitory Provisions.

(4.) The clerk of the peace who will by virtue of this Act become the clerk of the county council when elected, shall make up the county register and division registers of the county electors for the purposes of the first election, and shall deliver the same to the returning officer, and every clerk of the peace who has in his custody any revised lists of electors required for making up such registers, shall supply to the above-mentioned clerk of the peace such number of copies of those lists as he may require for the purpose of making up the said registers.

(5.) The returning officer shall send to the clerk of the peace, who will by virtue of this Act become the clerk of the county council, the names of the persons elected, and shall send to each person elected a county councillor notice of his election, accompanied by a summons to attend the first meeting of the provisional council fixed by this Act at such time and place as the returning officer may fix.

(6.) The costs properly incurred by the returning officer in reference to the first election, and in reference to such first meeting of the provisional council, shall be defrayed as expenses of the county council, and may be taxed on an application made by or by direction of the provisional council.

(7.) In the administrative county of London, the returning officer for the first election shall be such fit person as the Local Government Board may appoint, and such returning officer shall, for the purposes of such election, have the powers and duties of the sheriff, and any sheriff, under-sheriff, officer of the London School Board, or other public officer having authority in the Metropolis, and being in possession of any ballot boxes or other fittings or arrangements for an election shall permit such returning officer to use the same for the purposes of such first election.

(8.) Such returning officer shall make up the county register and division registers of the county electors for the purposes of the first elections, and shall make them up out of the lists of voters made out in the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight for the City of London, and for such portions of the counties of Middlesex, Surrey, and Kent, as are comprised in the Metropolis, and shall make the necessary alteration in the forms of those iists, and the secondary of the City of London, and the town clerks within the meaning of the Registration Acts for the parliamentary boroughs in the administrative county of London, and the clerks of the peace of Middlesex, Surrey, and Kent, shall deliver to the said returning officer such number of copies of the revised lists of electors as he may require. The returning officer for the administrative county of London shall send the names of the persons elected to the clerk of the Metropolitan Board of Works.

(9.) The court of quarter sessions in any county, and the Metropolitan Board of Works in the Metropolis, shall advance to the returning officer such sum as is authorised by this Act to be advanced by county councils to returning officers for the purposes of an election.

310

Ch. 41.

Retirement of first county councillors.

Preliminary action of county councillors as provisional council.

First proceedings of provisional council.

Local Government, 1888. 51 & 52 VICT.

Part VI. — Transitory Provisions.

(10.) The sheriff having authority in any administrative county, or the largest part thereof, shall for the purposes of this Act be deemed to be the sheriff of that county.

104. — (1.) The county councillors of a county council elected at the first election shall retire from office on the ordinary day of election in the third year after the passing of this Act, and their places shall be filled by election.

(2.) Of the first county aldermen one half shall retire on the ordinary day of election of county aldermen in the third year next after the passing of this Act, and the one half who are so to retire shall be determined by ballot by the provisional councillors at the time of the election of the county aldermen:Provided that where the total number of aldermen is not divisible by two the larger half shall first retire.

(3.) The remaining half of the county aldermen shall retire on the ordinary day of election of county aldermen in the sixth year next after the passing of this Act.

(4.) In this section the word "year " shall be construed to mean calendar year.

105. — (1.) The members of a county council first elected under this Act shall not enter on their ordinary duties or become the county council until the first day of April next after their election, or such other day as on the application of the provisional council the Local Government Board may appoint.

(2.) Such members shall, on the second Thursday next after the day fixed for the first election, and thenceforward from time to time until the day above mentioned in this section, meet and act as a provisional council for arranging to bring this Act into operation.

(3.) The provisional councillors shall at their first meeting elect one of their number to be chairman of that meeting and of the second meeting, and shall then at that meeting, or some adjournment thereof, proceed to elect the county aldermen in like manner as if they were a fully constituted county council, and such county aldermen shall be summoned to attend at the second meeting of the provisional council, and shall form part of the provisional council both for the election of chairman and all other purposes.

(4.) The provisional council shall, at their second meeting, or some adjournment thereof, proceed to elect as their chairman a person qualified to be chairman of the county council, and may from time to time fill any vacancy in the office of such chairman, and the person elected chairman shall be chairman of the provisional council, and also on and after the appointed day of the county council, and the term of office of such chairman shall end on the next ordinary day of election of chairman.

(5.) This enactment shall extend to the vice-chairman and deputy chairman.

106. — (1.) The provisional council after disposing of the preliminary business shall proceed to provide for bringing the various

1888.

Ch. 41.

Local Government, 1888.

Part VI. — Transitory Provisions.

provisions of this Act into fall operation on the appointed day or days, and to make the necessary arrangements with the quarter sessions, and with reference to the distribution of duties among the different officers, and to provide for all matters which appear necessary or proper for enabling the county council as constituted under this Act to execute their duties, and for giving full effect to this Act.

(2.) The provisions of this Act, and the enactments applied by this Act with respect to the proceedings of the county council, shall apply to the proceedings of the provisional council, and any act of the provisional council may be signified under the hand of the chairman and any two members of the council present at the meeting, and countersigned by the officer acting as their clerk.

(3.) The provisional council of a county shall be entitled to use the buildings belonging to the quarter sessions of that county, so that they do not interfere with the holding of any court, and the clerk of the peace and his officers, and the officers of the quarter sessions shall, if required, act as the officers of such provisional council and further the provisional council may from time to time hire such buildings and appoint such interim officers as appear to them necessary for the performance of their duties, and the costs incurred in the hiring of such buildings and payment of such officers or otherwise in the performance of their duties shall be defrayed as costs properly incurred by the county council.

(4.) There shall be paid out of the county rate to the clerk of the peace of the county, such reasonable remuneration as the court of quarter sessions may award for extra services rendered by him in bringing this Act into operation, and in acting as clerk of the county council, until his salary for acting as such clerk is fixed in manner provided by this Act.

(5.) In the metropolis the foregoing provisions with respect to the use of buildings and the action of officers shall apply as if the Metropolitan Board of Works were the quarter sessions of the county, and as if any quarter sessions for the counties of Middlesex, and Surrey were the quarter sessions of the county of London, but the provisional council for the administrative county of London shall make arrangements with the provisional councils of Middlesex and Surrey as respects the use of buildings and the employment of the clerk of the peace and his officers and the officers of the quarter sessions.

(6.) The provisional council shall have the same power of levying contributions for the purpose of their costs and for the future costs of the county council as they would have if they were constituted a county council under this Act.

(7.) The quarter sessions of every county and liberty, and in the metropolis the Metropolitan Board of Works, shall, by the appointment of committees, or the holding of sessions and meetings, and otherwise, make such provisions as are necessary or proper for making arrangements with the provisional council for carrying this Act into effect; and the quarter sessions may, after the

312

Ch. 41.

Casual vacancies at first elections.

Power of Local Government Board to remedy defects.

Local Government Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Part V7. — Transitory Provisions.

appointed day, meet in like manner as if this Act had not passed, for the purpose of receiving reports from the committees and county odicers for the period subsequent to the last quarter sessions and prior to the appointed day, and for making the ordinary quarterly payments, the usual sessional orders, and otherwise concluding and winding up the business of the county.

General Provision as to First Elections,

107. — (1.) If at the first election a person is elected a county councillor for more than one electoral division of a county his choice as to the division for which he will serve shall be made by writing addressed to the returning officer, and if not so made, the returning officer shall, on or before the day for the first meeting of the provisional council, determine the division for which such person shall sit

(2.) Any casual vacancy arising at the first election from a person being elected for more than one electoral division or being elected a county alderman or from a failure of election or otherwise, may be filled in like manner as a casual vacancy in the county council may be filled, and the sheriff or other officer authorised to act as returning officer at the first election shall be the returning officer at any election held to fill a casual vacancy before the appointed day.

(3.) Such number of members as have been elected for a county council at the first election shall subject to any order of the Local Government Board to the contrary under this Act proceed to act as a provisional council under this Act, notwithstanding any vacancy or vacancies arising from failure of election or otherwise.

(4.) In case of equality of votes at the first or second meeting of a provisional county council, the chairman of the meeting shall have a second or casting vote, and where on the selection of the chairman of the meeting an equal number of votes is given to two or more persons, the meeting shall determine by lot which of those persons shall be the chairman.

(5.) The first meeting of the county council shall be held on the day appointed for the council coming into office, and shall be convened by the chairman of the provisional county council.

(G.) Such first meeting, and also the first meeting of the provisional county council, shall be convened in like manner as meetings of the county council are required by this Act, and the enactments applied by this Act, to be convened, and as if the person convening the same were the chairman.

108. — (!.') If from any cause there is no returning officer able to act in any county at the first election of a county council, or no register of electors properly made up, or no proper election takes place, or an election of an insufficient number of persons takes place, or any difficulty arises as respects the holding of the first election of county councillors, or as to the first meeting of a provisional council, the Local Government Board may by order appoint a returning

1888. Local Government Act, 1888. Ch. 41. 313

Part VI. — Transitory Provisions.

officer or other officer, and do any matter or thing which appears to them necessary for the proper holding of the first election, and for the proper holding of the first meeting of the provisional council, and may, if it appears to them necessary, direct a new election to be held, and fix the dates requisite for such new election. Any such order may modify the provisions of this Act and the enactments applied by this Act so far as may appear to the Board necessary for the proper holding of the first election and first meeting of the provisional council.

(2.) The Local Government Board in the case of the first election may also authorise an electoral division to return two or more members, in any case where the difficulties arising out of the registers of voters and the population of any area appear to render it necessary, and may also authorise portions of two or more county districts, or wards for which a separate register can be made, to be united for the purpose of an electoral division.

(3.) The Local Government Board, on the application of a county council or provisional council, may within six months after the day fixed for the first election of the councillors of such council, from time to time, make such orders as appear to them necessary for bringing this Act into full operation as respects the council so applying, and such orders may modify any enactment in this or any other Act, whether general or local and personal, so far as may appear to the Board necessary for the said purpose.

(4.) The Local Government Board may also, if satisfied that an election cannot properly be held for any county council by reason of the electoral divisions not having been duly made, cause such steps to be taken as they consider necessary for constituting such electoral divisions and making up the registers of electors.

Appointed Day.

109. — (1.) Subject as in this Act mentioned, the appointed day Appointed day. for the purposes of this Act shall in each county be the first day of April next after the passing thereof, or such other day, earlier or later, as the Local Government Board (but after the election of county councillors for such county on the application of the provisional council or county council) may appoint, either generally or with reference to any particular provision of this Act, and different days may be appointed for different purposes and different provisions of this Act, whether contained in the same section or in different sections or for different counties.

(2.) Any enactment of this Act authorising anything to be done by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue or the Local Government Board, or relating to the registration of electors, or to the elections, or to any matter required to be done for the purpose of bringing this Act into operation on the appointed day, shall come into effect on the passing of this Act; but, save as aforesaid, and save so far as there may be anything in the context inconsistent therewith, any enactment of this Act shall come into operation on the appointed day.

r

314

Ch. 41.

Local Government Act, 1888. 51 & 52 VICT.

Part VI. — Transitory Provisions.

Current rates, jury lists, &c.

Transitory provisions as to lunatic asylums.

Transitional Proceedings.

110. — (1.) Every rate and precept for contributions made before the appointed day may be levied and collected, and proceedings for the enforcement thereof taken in like manner as nearly as may be as if this Act bad not passed.

(2.) The accounts of all receipts and expenditure before the appointed day shall be audited, and disallowances, surcharges, and penalties recovered and enforced, and other consequential proceedings had in like manner as nearly as may be as if this Act had not passed, and every officer whose duty it is to make up any accounts, or to account for any portion of the receipts or expenditure in any account, shall, until the audit is completed, be deemed for the purpose of such audit to continue in office and be bound to perform the same duties and render the same accounts, and be subject to the same liabilities as before the appointed day.

(3.) In the counties of Middlesex, Kent, and Surrey, the lists of jurors in force on the appointed day shall continue in force until the lists which are next made come into force, and all jurors summoned before the appointed day shall attend after that day as if summoned in accordance with this Act.

(4.) All proceedings, legal and other, commenced before the appointed day, may be carried on in like manner, as nearly as may be, as if this Act had not passed, and may be so carried on by the county council in substitution for the authorities by whom such proceedings were commenced. Every legal proceeding commenced before the appointed day may be amended in such manner as may appear necessary or proper in order to bring the same into conformity with the provisions of this Act.

(5.) Every militiaman enlisted before the appointed day shall continue liable to serve in Lthe same corps as if this Act had not passed.

111. — (1.) Any committee for providing an asylum for pauper lunatics, or any committee of visitors of an asylum for pauper lunatics holding office on the day fixed for the first election of county councillors under this Act, shall continue to hold office until the expiration of one week after the county council have elected a committee for the like purposes and no longer.

(2.) Any committee elected by the county council shall come into office at the expiration of the said week, and shall be deemed to be a continuance of the old committee of visitors elected by the quarter sessions.

(3.) All visitors of an asylum appointed on behalf of a borough or subscribers who are visitors at the date of the first election of the county council under this Act fshall continue to be such visitors until the annual election of visitors which happens next after such election.

(4.) Anything done in pursuance of the enactments relating to pauper lunatics by the quarter sessions or any committee thereof before the appointment of any committee by the county council

1888.

Ch. 41.

315

Local Govem/rrtent Act, 1888.

Part VI. — Transitory Provisions.

shall have effect as if it had been done by the county council or by a committee elected by the county council.

(5.) Where there is a joint committee of visitors for two or more counties or boroughs, this section shall apply to each portion of the committee appointed by the justices of any such county, or by the justices or council of any such borough, in like manner as if it were a separate committee.

112. — (1.) Every executive committee appointed by the quarter Transitory

sessions under the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Acts, and 2»Co«iS«Soii» holding office on the appointed day, shall continue to hold office Diseases until the expiration of one week after the county council shall have (Animals) appointed a committee for the like purpose, and no longer. Acts *

(2.) An executive committee appointed by the county council shall come into office at the expiration of the said week, and shall be deemed to be a continuance of the outgoing executive committee.

(3.) Every sub-committee of an executive committee under the said Acts holding office on the appointed day shall continue in office until a sub-committee for the like purposes shall be appointed by the county council, or by the executive committee appointed by the county council.

(4.) Every committee and sub-committee continued in office by virtue of this section shall, during such continuance, have all such powers as it would have had if this Act had not been passed.

Transitory Provisions as to Metropolis.

113. — (1.) The first sheriffs appointed by Her Majesty for the Transitory county of Middlesex and for the county of London may be nomi-

nated and appointed at the same time as the sheriff of any other London and coimty in England, and each of such sheriffs when appointed may Middlesex, make the declaration, and shall enter upon office, in like manner and at the like time as any other sheriff.

(2.) Upon the first sheriff of Middlesex so entering into office, the sheriffs of London shall cease to have jurisdiction in the county of Middlesex.

(3.) Upon the first sheriff of the county of London so entering into office, the area which will become that county shall, for the purpose of the sheriff' be considered to be the county of London, and the sheriffs of the City of London shall cease to have any jurisdiction in the said area, and the sheriffs of Surrey and Kent shall cease to have any jurisdiction within the said area.

(4.) Provided that for the purpose of any sessions of the peace held by the justices of the counties of Middlesex, Surrey, and Kent, after the sheriff has so entered into office but prior to the date at which the justices of the county of London will come into office, the sheriffs of Middlesex, Surrey, and Kent shall continue to act and have jurisdiction as such sheriffs throughout those portions of the Metropolis which originally formed part of those counties.

(5.) Lists of prisoners, writs, process, and particulars, and all records, jury lists, books, and matters appertaining to the county

316

Ch. 41.

As to existing coroners for Middlesex, Surrey, and Kent

As to commission of the peace for London.

Local Government Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Part VI. — Transitory Provisions.

of Middlesex, and to such parts of the counties of Surrey and Kent as are included in the Metropolis, shall be delivered, turned over, transferred, and signed in like manner in all respects, so nearly as circumstances admit, as is required to be done upon a new sheriff coming into office, in like manner as if the sheriff of Middlesex appointed by Her Majesty were as respects such part of the county as will after the appointed day be the county of Middlesex, the new sheriff in succession to the sheriffs of London, and as if the sheriff of the county of London appointed by Her Majesty were, as respects the area of the Metropolis exclusive of the City, the successor to the sheriffs of London, Surrey, and Kent.

(6.) If any question arises as to the delivery, turning over, transfer, or signature under this section, or any other matter relating to the change in the office of sheriff in the Metropolis, such question shall be referred to the Lord High Chancellor, whose decision shall be final.

114. — (1.) The persons who at the passing of this Act are coroners for any districts which become wholly or partly by virtue of this Act part of the county of London, shall continue to act for such districts until otherwise directed as herein-after mentioned, and while so continuing to act shall, as respects such part of their districts as is within the county of London, be deemed to be coroners for the county of London, and the amount payable in respect of the salaries, fees, and expenses of any such coroner, where the district is partly within and partly without the county of London, shall be apportioned between the counties in which such district is situate.

(2.) In the case of any coroner’s district being situate partly within and partly without the county of London, the county councils of the counties in which such district is situate shall arrange for the alteration in manner provided by law of the district, so that on the next avoidance of the office of coroner, or any earlier date fixed when the alteration is made, the coroners districts shall not be situate in more than one county.

(3.) For the purposes of this Act respecting compensation, the coroners shall be deemed to be officers of the quarter sessions of the county for which they are coroners.

115. — (1.) A commission of the peace for the county of London may be issued at any time after the passing of this Act, which shall be provisional until the appointed day, and the justices acting under such commission shall until the appointed day act provisionally for the purpose of bringing this Act into operation, and may from time to time be convened, and meet and conduct their proceedings in like manner in all respects as if they were the justices of a county, and they shall proceed to make such arrangements as appear necessary or proper for bringing this Act into operation, and may for that purpose appoint any committee or committees, either alone or jointly with any quarter sessions or provisional council.

1888.

Ch. 41.

317

Local Government, 1888.

Part VI. — Transitory Provisions.

(2.) Nothing in this section shall confer on such justices any power to act as justices or as quarter sessions, nor any judicial jurisdiction, nor constitute any part of the Metropolis a county for the purposes of justices and quarter sessions until the appointed day.

(3.) Any sessions of the peace held after the appointed day may be convened by the said justices acting provisionally before the said day, and the first sessions of the peace held after the appointed day shall be deemed to be legally held, although no justice there present has taken the oaths required by law to be taken by justices of the peace, and any justice may nevertheless take the oaths at such sessions.

(4.) The clerk of the peace for Middlesex holding office at the passing of this Act shall act as the clerk to the said justices for the county of London when acting provisionally in pursuance of this Act.

(5.) The fees payable to the clerk of the peace and clerks of the justices, and other officers and authorities in Middlesex, at the passing of this Act, shall be the first fees which may be taken in the county of London by the clerk of the peace, the clerks to the justices, and other officers and authorities in the county of London, and may continue to be taken until they are abolished or altered in manner provided by law with respect to the abolition and alteration of such fees.

116. Until a scheme sessions in the county regulations shall be observed: — gVonV.

(a.) Courts of quarter sessions for the trial of persons charged with offences shall be held at Clerkenwell and Newington, and courts of quarter sessions for appeals and other business shall be held at the places in London at which sessions are usually held at present, or at such of the said places as the county council may from time to time appoint; and courts of quarter sessions for the said purposes shall be respectively held at the same times, as nearly as may be, at each such place as heretofore;

(6.) Cases triable at quarter sessions for the county of London shall (save as otherwise directed by the court of quarter sessions) be heard and determined, if they arose on the north side of the River Thames, at Clerkenwell, and if they arose on the south side of the River Thames, at Newington; and persons shall be committed for trial, and bail and recognizances shall be taken, and depositions, recognizances, documents, and things transmitted in such manner as appears necessary for carrying into effect this section, but a committal for trial or recognizance shall not be invalidated, nor shall the powers of the quarter sessions be affected by any disregard of this enactment, and every court of quarter sessions held in and for the county of London at whatever place such court is held shall have complete power to hear and determine any case arising in the

respecting the holding of courts of quarter As to places of London comes into force, the following

Ch. 41.

Local Govo'nment Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Part VI. — Transitory Provisions.

county of London, notwithstanding an objection that the case ought to be heard and determined at the sessions held at another place in the county of London;

(c.) Every sessions shall, as the circumstances require, be deemed to be quarter or general sessions, and if held at different places to be original sessions or adjourned sessions, and if held simultaneously at two or more places to be divided courts of the same sessions;

(d.) Every matter, civil or criminal, arising before the appointed day which would have been heard, tried determined, or otherwise dealt with by any court of quarter sessions or assessment sessions, or any justices or otherwise, may be heard, tried, determined, and dealt with in like manner a3 if this Act had come into operation before the said matter arose, and recognizances existing at the appointed day shall have effect and be enforced in like manner, so nearly as circumstances admit, as they would have been if this Act had not passed; and where any trial, motion, or other matter has been adjourned from any previous court of quarter sessions, assessment sessions, special sessions, or petty sessions, and would if this Act had previously come into operation have been heard, determined, or otherwise dealt with at sessions held under this Act, the same shall be heard and determined and otherwise dealt with at the sessions held under this Act in like manner as if the same were held by the same justices by whom the same would have been held if this Act had not passed.

117. — (1.) Nothing in this Act shall prevent a person who is an existing justice of the peace for any of the counties of Middlesex, Surrey, or Kent, from continuing to be a justice of the peace for that county, and every such person and also every person who at the appointed day is a justice of the peace for the liberty and city of Westminster, the liberty of the Tower of London, or any liberty which by virtue of this Act becomes part of the county of London, shall, if and so long as he is resident or occupies property in the county of London, be a justice of the peace for that county in like manner as if he were assigned by a commission of the peace, but a person shall not after the passing of this Act be named in any commission as a justice of the peace for any liberty which by virtue of this Act becomes part of the county of London.

(2.) Provided always, that the provisions of this section shall not apply to any justice of the peace of the counties of Surrey, Kent, or Middlesex, or either of them, so long as he shall hold any office connected with any court of quarter sessions of the county of London.

(3.) The persons who at the passing of this Act are members of a visiting committee of any prison situate in the county of London shall continue to form such visiting committee until a new visiting committee has been appointed in accordance with a rule of the Secretary of State.

(4.) Where a person is a justice of the peace in and for the county of London by reason of his being personally declared by this

1888. Local Government Act, 1888. Ch. 41. 319

Part VI. — Transitory Provisions.

Act to he a justice of the peace in and for the county of London, the Lord High Chancellor shall have the same power of removing such person from being a justice of the peace as if he were named in a commission of the peace.

(5.) The existing assistant judge of the court of the sessions of the peace for the county of Middlesex shall cease to be chairman of that court, and shall be the first chairman of the court of quarter sessions of the county of London, and while he holds his office he shall receive such salary, not less than what he has hitherto received, as Her Majesty, on the petition of the county council, may assign, and the enactments respecting the appointment and payment of a deputy assistant judge or of a person to preside at a second court at any sessions in the county of Middlesex shall apply to the county of London, and upon the said assistant judge ceasing to hold office shall be repealed.

(6.) Nothing in this Act shall affect existing deputy lieutenants appointed by the Constable of the Tower of London as Lord Lieutenant of the Tower Hamlets.

Existing Officers.

118. — (1.) A person holding office at the appointed day as clerk Existing clerks of the peace of a county, besides continuing to be such clerk of ^a^other the peace shall, subject to the provisions respecting certain counties officers, in this Act mentioned, become the clerk of the county council, and if appointed before the passing of this Act shall, notwithstanding anything in this Act, hold his offices by the same tenure and have the same power of appointing and acting by a deputy as heretofore in his capacity of clerk of the peace.

(2.) A person holding office at the passing of this Act as clerk of the peace, clerk of the general assessment sessions, or salaried clerk of a petty sessional division, shall be deemed to be an existing officer within the meaning of the provisions of this Act relating to compensation to existing officers who suffer pecuniary loss.

(3.) The person who at the appointed day is clerk of the peace for Sussex, if he held office at the passing of this Act, shall' be clerk of the peace for East Sussex and clerk of the peace for West Sussex, and clerk of the peace for the justices of Sussex in general sessions assembled.

(4.) Such person shall also be clerk of the county council for East Sussex, and clerk of the county council for West Sussex, and shall, notwithstanding anything in this Act, hold his offices by the same tenure and have the same power of appointing and acting by a deputy as heretofore in his capacity of clerk of the peace.

(o.) The person who at the appointed day is clerk of the peace for Suffolk, if he held office at the passing of %this Act, shall be clerk of the peace for East Suffolk and clerk of the peace for West Suffolk, and clerk of the peace for the justices of Suffolk in general sessions assembled.

320

Ch. 41.

Local Government, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Part VI. — Transitory Provisions.

(6.) Such person shall also be clerk of the county coudciI for East Suffolk and clerk of the count}" council for West Suffolk; and shall, notwithstanding anything in this Act, hold his offices by the same tenure and have the same power of appointing and acting by a deputy as heretofore.

(7.) This section shall apply to the persons holding office at the appointed day as clerk of the peace and deputy clerks of the peace for the county of Lancaster, in like manner as it applies to clerks of the peace of other counties.

(8.) The person who, at the appointed day, is clerk of the peace for Middlesex, if he held office at the passing of this Act, shall continue to be that clerk, and, subject to the provisions of this Act, shall also be the first clerk of the peace for the county of London, and shall, notwithstanding anything in this Act, held the office of clerk of the peace for each of the said counties by the same tenure and have the same power of appointing and acting by a deputy as heretofore.

(9.) The person who, at the appointed day, is the clerk of the gaol sessions in Yorkshire or Lincolnshire shall, if he holds office at the passing of this Act, continue to be that clerk, and shall also be the first clerk of the joint committee for the county councils of the three ridings or divisions of those counties, and shall hold that office by the same tenure and have the same power (if any) of acting by a deputy as heretofore.

(10.) If the person who at the appointed day is clerk of the peace for Surrey held office at the passing of this Act, then so long as he holds that office, —

(a.) He shall, besides continuing to be that clerk, continue to be clerk of the peace at any quarter sessions held for the county of London at Newington, and be, for the purpose of all business transacted at those quarter sessions, deemed to be the clerk of the peace for the county of London, and as such shall have the same power of appointing and acting by a deputy as heretofore in his capacity of clerk of the peace for Surrey; and

(b.) Such of the records of the county of Surrey as at the passing of this Act are in his custody at Newington, and, if this Act had not passed, would have remained in that custody, shall, subject to any order of the court of quarter sessions, continue to be kept in his custody at Newington.

(11.) The persons who at the appointed day are salaried clerks for the petty sessional divisions, wholly or in part in the county of London shall, if appointed before the passing of this Act, be as to so much of such divisions as are in the county of London, the first salaried clerks of the petty sessional divisions of the county of London, and as to so much of such divisions as are not in the county of London, such persons shall also be the first salaried clerks of the petty sessional divisions of the counties in which such parts are situate.

1888. Local Government Act, 1888. Ch. 41. 321

Part VI. — Transitory Provisions.

(12.) In the case of any of the following persons who, by virtue of this Act, become clerk of the peace for the county of London or salaried clerks of petty sessional divisions for the county of London, or who, for the purpose of all business transacted at the quarter sessions, held for the county of London at Newington, is to be deemed to be the clerk of the peace for the coimty of London, or who become clerk of the peace for East Sussex and clerk of the peace for West Sussex, or clerk of the peace for East Suffolk, and clerk of the peace for West Suffolk, their services as such clerks after the appointed day in the county of London, or in the administrative counties of East Sussex and West Sussex, or East Suffolk and West Suffolk, respectively, shall be deemed to be a continuous service with their service as clerks of the peace and clerks of petty sessional divisions in the counties of Middlesex, Surrey, and Kent respectively, and clerk of the peace for Sussex and Suffolk respective^.

(13.) All persons who at the appointed day hold office os county treasurer, county auditor, county solicitor, or county surveyor, or are officers (whether inspectors of weights and measures, public analysts, inspectors of petroleum or explosives, or other) of the quarter sessions or justices of the county, or of the assessment sessions in the metropolis, or any committee of such justices or any committee of visitors for lunatic asylums, or are servants under such sessions or justices and perform any duties in respect of the business transferred by or in pursuance of this Act to the county council, shall become the officers and servants of the county council.

(14.) All persons who at the appointed day are officers and servants of the Metropolitan Board of Works shall become the officers and servants of the London county council.

(15.) Every person who, on the appointed day, is the chief or other constable of the police force of any county, or is an officer or servant employed in connexion with that force, shall, after the said day, be chief or other constable of the police force of the same county under the standing joint committee appointed in pursuance of this Act, or be an officer or servant of a county council appointing a portion of such joint committee, as the case may be.

(16.) Where any constable at the appointed day belongs to the police force of any borough the council of which will by virtue of this Act cease to maintain a separate police force, such constable shall, after the said day, become a constable of the county police force, and the provisions of this Act with respect to officers of any authority who become officers of the county council shall apply to such constable, with the substitution of the standing joint committee for the county council.

119. — (1.) The officers and servants of the quarter sessions or As to officers general assessment sessions, or justices, or any committee of such sessions or justices, or of any committee of visitors for lunatic councils: asylums, or of the Metropolitan Board of Works, or other authority, who held office at the passing of this Act, and who by virtue of this

P Cft

322

Ch. 41.

Compensation to existing officers.]

& 6 Will. 4. 62.

Local Government Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Part VI. — Transitory Provisions.

Act become officers and servants of a county council (in this Act referred to as existing officers), shall hold their offices by the same tenure and upon the same terms and conditions as if this Act bad not passed, and while performing the same duties, shall receive not less salaries or remuneration, and be entitled to not less pensions (if any), than they would have if this Act had not passed, and where any such officer can only be removed with the consent of a Secretary of State or the Local Government Board, such consent shall be part of the tenure of his office.

(2.) The county council may distribute the business to be performed by existing officers in such manner as the council may think just, and every existing officer shall perform such duties in relation to that business as may be directed by the council

(3.) The county council may abolish the office of any existing officer whose office they may deem unnecessary, but such officer shall be entitled to compensation under this Act.

(4.) The provisions of this section shall apply to the chief and other constables of any police force, and to any officers employed in connexion with such force, in like manner as if they were herein re-enacted with the substitution of the standing joint committee under this Act for the county council.

120. — (1.) Every existing officer declared by this Act to be entitled to compensation, and every other existing officer, whether before mentioned in this Act or not, who by virtue of this Act, or anything done in pursuance of or in consequence of this Act, suffers any direct pecuniary loss by abolition of office or by diminution or loss of fees or salary, shall be entitled to have compensation paid to him for such pecuniary loss by the county council, to whom the powers of the authority, whose officer he was, are transferred under this Act, regard being had to the conditions on which his appointment was made, to the nature of his office or employment, to the duration of his service, to any additional emoluments which he acquires by virtue of this Act or of anything done in pursuance of or in consequence of this Act, and to the emoluments which he might have acquired if he had not refused to accept any office offered by any council or other body acting under this Act, and to all the other circumstances of the case, and the compensation shall not exceed the amount which, under the Acts and rules relating to Her Majesty's Civil Service, is paid to a person on abolition of office.

(2.) Every person who is entitled to compensation, as above mentioned, shall deliver to the county council a claim under his hand setting forth the whole amount received and expended by him or his predecessors in office, in every year during the period of five years next before the passing of this Act, on account of the emoluments for which he claims compensation, distinguishing the offices in respect of which the same have been received, and accompanied by a statutory declaration under the Statutory Declaration Act, 1835, that the same is a true statement according to the best of his knowledge, information, and belief.

1888.

Ch. 41.

328

Local Government Act, 1888.

Part VI. — Transitory Provisions.

(3.) Such statement shall be submitted to the county council, who shall forthwith take the same into consideration, and assess the just amount of compensation (if any), and shall forthwith inform the claimant of their decision.

(4.) If a claimant is aggrieved by the refusal of the county council to grant any compensation, or by the amount of compensation assessed, or if not less than one third of the members of such council subscribe a protest against the amount of the compensation as being excessive, the claimant or any subscriber to such protest (as the case may be) may, within three months after the decision of the council, appeal to the Treasury, who shall consider the case and determine whether any compensation, and if so, what amount ought to be granted to the claimant, and such determination shall be final.

(5.) Any claimant under this section, if so required by any member of the county council, shall attend at a meeting of the council and answer upon oath, which any justice present may administer, all questions asked by any member of the council touching the matters set forth in his claim, and shall further produce all books, papers, and documents in his possession or under his control relating to such claim.

(6.) The sum payable as compensation to any person in pursuance of this section snail commence to be payable at the date fixed by the council on granting the compensation, or, in case of appeal, by the Treasury, and shall be a specialty debt due to him from the county council, and may be enforced accordingly in like manner as if the council had entered into a bond to pay the same.

(7.) If a person receiving compensation in pursuance of this section is appointed to any office under the same or any other county council, or by virtue of this Act, or anything done in pursuance of or in consequence of this Act, receives any increase of emoluments of the office held by him, he shall not, while receiving the emoluments of that office, receive any greater amount of his compensation, if any, than, with the emoluments of the said office, is equal to the emoluments for which compensation was granted to him, and if the emoluments of the office he holds are equal to or greater than the emoluments for which compensation was granted, his compensation shall be suspended while he holds such office.

(8.) All expenses incurred by a county council in pursuance of this section shall be paid out of the county fund, as a payment for general county purposes.

Temporally Provision as to Grant from Exchequer.

121 - — (1.) In the financial year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall from time to time, in such manner and under such regulations as the Treasury from time to time make, pay into the Bank of England to the Local Taxation Account —

(a.) such sum as may be ascertained in manner provided by the said regulations to be four fifth parts of one third of the

Grant and application of put of probate duty and of horse and wheel tax during the year ending 91st March 1889.

324

Ch. 41.

44 fie 45 Vict. c. 12.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 120.

Local Government, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Part VI. — Transitory Provisions.

proceeds of the sums collected by them in the said year in respect of the probate duties, and for the purpose of this section, the expression "probate duties" means the stamp duties charged on the affidavit required from persons applying for probate or letters of administration in England, Wales, or Ireland, and on the inventory exhibited and recorded in Scotland, and the stamp duties charged on such accounts of personal and movable property as are specified in section thirty-eight of the Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1881, and includes the proceeds of all penalties and forfeitures recovered in relation to such stamp duties; and (6.) such sum as may be ascertained in manner provided by the regulations to be the proceeds of the sums collected by them in the said year in respect of the duties on licences for trade carts, locomotives, horses, mules, and horse dealers under any Act of the present session.

(2.) The sums so paid shall be distributed by the Local Govern-ent Board as follows, that is to say,

(i.) in paying to every county, highway, and other local authority who have heretofore received out of moneys provided by Parliament a contribution to the cost of roads, or to the successors of such authority, sums calculated in like manner and according to the like scale and regulations as in the financial year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight;

(ii.) if the amount received by the local taxation account from the duties on licences for trade carts, locomotives, horses, mules, and horse dealers under any Act of the present Session, exceeds the sum so payable to county and highway or other local authorities, the excess shall be divided between the metropolis and quarter sessions boroughs, in proportion to their rateable value, as ascertained by the valuation lists, or where there is do valuation list by the last poor rate;

(iii.) the share of the excess distributed to the metropolis shall be divided between the Commissioners of Sewers in the city of London and the vestries and district boards in the parishes in Schedule A and the districts in Schedule B to the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, as amended by subsequent Acts, according to rateable value as ascertained by the last valuation lists, and the share distributed to quarter sessions boroughs shall be paid to the councils of such boroughs;

(iv.) if any payment is made under the foregoing provisions of this section respecting roads to the council of any quarter sessions borough, or to any authority for a highway area wholly or partly situate in such borough, or to the highway authority of any parish or district in the metropolis, the share of such quarter sessions borough, parish, or district in the distribution of the balance shall be reduced by the amount of the said payment, and, if less than that amount, shall not be paid, and any sum arising from such reduction or non-

1888.

Ch. 41.

325

Local Government, 1888.

Part VI. — Transitory Provisions.

payment shall be added to the balance and distributed accordingly;

(v.) any sum payable in pursuance of this section to a county authority or the council of any borough, not being a highway authority, shall be paid to the county or borough fund as the case may be, but any other sum payable under the provisions of this section respecting roads, or respecting the division of the excess to any highway authority, commissioners of sewers, vestry, or district board, shall be applied in aid of the costs of the roads maintained by such authority, commissioners, vestry, or board;

(vl) any balance remaining after the above payments shall be divided among the counties in England and Wales, in accordance with the provisions of this Act with respect to the division of the probate duty grant, and for the purpose of such division the metropolis shall be deemed to be a county, and the share assigned to each county on such division shall be applied towards paying to the guardians of each poor law union wholly or partly situate in the county such sum as is directed by this Act to be annually paid by the county council of such county to such guardians;

(vii.) any balance remaining after the payment to the guardians of such union shall be paid to the county council of the county upon its coming into office, and, if there is any county borough in the county, the sum so paid shall be included in the adjustment under this Act between the councils of the county and borough.

(3.) Every local authority shall produce to the Local Government Board such evidence and comply with such rules as the Board may require or make for the purpose of effecting the distribution under this section.

(4.) A certificate of the Local Government Board of the sum due to any authority under this section may be varied by that Board, but unless so varied shall be final.

(5.) The Treasury may, from time to time during the financial year ending on the thirty-first day of March next after the passing of this Act, issue out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof and pay to the Local Taxation Account such sums as appear to them to be required for the purpose of paying the highway authorities and county authorities such sums in respect of main roads as have been paid to them in previous years out of moneys provided by Parliament; and the sums so issued shall be treated as an advance, and shall be repaid to the Consolidated Fund out of the Local Taxation Account before any balance is distributed in manner provided by this section.

Savings.

122. — (1.) Nothing in this Act shall prejudicially affect any securities granted before the passing of this Act on the credit of any rate or of any property by this Act transfeiTed to a county

Saving for existing securities and discharge of debts.

326

Ch. 41.

Saving for

existing

byelaws.

Saving for pending actions, contracts, See.

Local Government Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Part VI. — Transitory Provisions.

council; and all such securities, as well as all unsecured debts, liabilities, and obligations incurred by any authority in the exercise of any powers or in relation to any property transferred from them to the county council under this Act shall be discharged, paid, and satisfied by such council.

(2.) Where for the purpose of satisfying any such security or any debt or liability, it is necessary to continue the levy of any rate or the exercise of any power which would have existed but for the provisions of this Act, such rate may continue to be levied and power to be exercised either by the authority who otherwise would have levied or exercised the same or by the county council as the case may require.

(3.) It shall be the duty of every authority whose powers, duties, and liabilities are transferred to any council by this Act to liquidate so far as practicable before the appointed day all current debts and liabilities incurred by such authority.

123. All such byelaws, orders, and regulations of the Privy Council, Secretary of State, Board of Trade, Local Government Board, or Government department, or of any quarter sessions, council of a borough, the Metropolitan Board of Works, or other authority, whose powers and duties are transferred by or in pursuance of this Act to any county council, as are in force at the time of the transfer, shall, so far as they relate to or are in pursuance of the powers and duties transferred, continue in force as if they had been made by such council, subject, nevertheless, to revocation or alteration by such council in the manner in which byelaws can be made by such council, and also to any exceptions or modifications which may be made at the time of the transfer.

124. — (1.) If at the date of the transfer in this section mentioned any action or proceeding, or any cause of action or proceeding, is pending or existing by or against any authority in relation to any powers, duties, liabilities, or property by this Act transferred to the county council, the same shall not be in anywise prejudicially affected by reason of the passing of this Act, but may be continued, prosecuted, and enforced by or against such council as successors of the said authority in like manner as if this Act had not been passed.

(2.) All contracts, deeds, bonds, agreements, and other instruments entered into or made and subsisting at the time of the transfer in this section mentioned, and affecting any such powers, duties, liabilities, or property of any authority as are by this Act transferred to a county council, shall be of as full force and effect against or in favour of the council, and may be enforced as fully and effectually, as if, instead of the authority, the said council had been a party thereto.

(3.) All contracts or agreements which prior to the appointed day have been made by the clerk of the peace or any justice or justices or otherwise on behalf of a county, or any division or part of a county, shall have effect as if the council of that county had been named therein instead of the clerk of the peace or such justice

Ch. 41.

327

1888. Local Government Ac 1888.

Part VI. — Transitory.

or justices, and may be enforced by or against the county council accordingly.

(4.) This section shall apply in the case of a committee of any authority in like manner as if the committee were such authority, and the committee of a county council were that council, and as if contracts and agreements by any such committee appointed by quarter sessions were contracts and agreements on behalf of a county.

125. Save so far as may be necessary to give effect to this Act Saving for

or any scheme or order or other thing made or done thereunder local

nothing in this Act shall prejudicially alter or affect the powers, c rights, privileges, or immunities of any municipal corporation, or the operation of any municipal charter, local Act of Parliament, or order confirmed by Parliament, which immediately before the passing of this Act was in force.

Repeals.

126. All enactments inconsistent with this Act are hereby Repeal of

repealed; Provided that — ActH-

(1.) Any enactment or document referring to any Act or enactment hereby repealed shall be construed to refer to this Act, or to the corresponding enactment in this Act:

(2.) This repeal shall not affect —

(a.) The past operation of any enactment hereby repealed, nor anything duly done or suffered under any enactment hereby repealed; or (b.) Any right, privilege, obligation, or liability acquired, accrued, or incurred under or in accordance with any enactment hereby repealed; or (c.) Any penalty, forfeiture, or punishment incurred in respect of any offence committed against any enactment hereby repealed; or (d.) Any power, investigation, legal proceeding, or remedy in respect of any such right, privilege, obligation, liability, penalty, forfeiture, or punishment as aforesaid; and any such power, investigation, legal proceeding, and remedy may be exercised and carried on as if tins Act had not passed.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE. Section so.

Local Taxation Licences.

Licences for the sale of intoxicating liquor for consumption on the

premises;

Retailers of spirits (publicans). Retailers of spirits, occasional licences.

Retailers of beer.

Retailers of beer, occasional licences.

Retailers of beer and wine. Retailers of cider.

Retailers of wine.

Retailers of wine, occasional licences.

Retailers of sweets.

51 & 52 Vict.

328

Ch. 41. Jsocal Act, 1888.

Licences for the sale of intoxicating liquor by retail, by persons not licensed to deal therein, for consumption off the premises;

Retailers of beer.

Retailers of beer and wine. Retailers of cider.

Retailers of wine. Retailers of sweets. Retailers of table l>ecr.

Licences to deal in game.

Licences for —

Beer dealers.

Spirit dealers.

Sweets dealers.

Wine dealers.

Refreshment house keepers. Dogs.

Killing game.

Guns.

Appraisers.

Auctioneers.

Tolmeco dealers.

Carriages.

Trade carts. Locomotives. Horses and mules. Horse dealers. Armorial bearings. Male servants. Hawkers.

House agents. Pawnbrokers.

Plate dealers.

Section 71. SECOND SCHEDULE.

Alteration of Schedule, to District Audi tor a Act, 1879.

(42 & 43 Vict. c. C.)

The following scale shall, nntil otherwise determined by Parliament, be substituted for so much of the scale set forth in the First Schedule to the District Auditors Act, 1879, ns relates to expenditure amounting to 100,000l. and upwards.

Where the Total of the Expenditure comprised in the Financial Statement is

The Stun shall be

100,000l. and under 150,000l. 150,000l. and under 200,000l. 200,000l. and upwards -

- 50/.

- 60/.

- ! 15/. in addition for every j 50,000l. or part thereof.

Sections 31, 34, 35, 36, 69.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

County Bo'i'oitfjhs.

I Name of County in which, for the purpose Name of Borough. ! of this Act, the Borough is deemed

j to be situate.

Barrow Bath -Birkenhead -Birmingham -Blackburn

Lancaster.

Somerset.

Chester.

Warwick.

Lancaster.

1888.

Local Government Act, 1888. Ch. 41.

Name of County in which, for the purpose

Name of Borough. of this Act, the Borough is deemed

to be situate.

Bolton Lancaster.

Bootle cum Linacro Lancaster.

Bradford York, West Riding.

Brighton Sussex.

Bristol Gloucester and Somerset.

Burnley . Lancaster.

Bury - Lancaster.

Canterbury Kent.

Cardiff Glamorgan.

Chester Chester.

Coventry Warwick.

Croydon Surrey.

Derby - Derby.

Devonport Devon.

Dudley Worcester.

Exeter - Devon.

Gateshead Durham.

Gloucester Gloucester.

Great Yarmouth Norfolk and Suffolk.

Halifax York, West Riding.

Hanley Stafford.

Hastings Sussex.

Huddersfield . York, West Riding.

Ipswich Kingston-upon-Hnll Suffolk. York, East Riding.

Leeds - York, West Riding.

Leicester Leicester.

Lincoln Lincoln (parts of Lindsey).

Liverpool Manchester - Lancaster. Lancaster.

Middlesbrough York, North Riding.

Newcastle-upon-Tyno Northumberland.

Northampton - Northampton.

Norwich Norfolk.

Nottingham - Nottingham.

Oldham Lancaster.

Plymouth Devon.

Portsmouth - Hants.

Preston Lancaster.

Beading Rochdale Berks. Lancaster.

Saint Helen’s - Lancaster.

Salford Lancaster.

Sheffield York, West Riding.

Southampton - Hants.

South Shields - Durham.

Stockport Chester and Lancaster.

Sunderland Durham.

Swansea Walsall Glamorgan. Stafford.

West Bromwich West Ham Wigan Wolverhampton Stafford. Essex. Lancaster. Stafford.

Worcester Worcester.

York . York, North, East, and West Ridings.

330

Ch. 42. Mortmain and Charitable Uses Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

CHAPTER 42.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Law relating to Mortmain and to the disposition of Land for Charitable Uses.

[13th August 1888.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

PART I. Mortmain.

Forfeiture on unlawful assurance or acquisition in mortmain.

Power to' Her Majesty to grant hoences in mortmain.

Saving for rents and services.

1. — (1.) Land shall not be assured to or for the benefit of, or acquired by or on behalf of, any corporation in mortmain, otherwise than under the authority of a licence from Her Majesty the Queen, or of a statute for the time being in force, and if any land is so assured otherwise than as aforesaid the land shall be forfeited to Her Majesty from the date of the assurance, and Her Majesty may enter on and hold the land accordingly:

(2.) Provided as follows:

(i.) if the land is held directly of a mesne lord under Her Majesty, that mesne lord may enter on and hold the land at any time within twelve months from the date of the assurance:

(ii.) if the land is held of more than one mesne lord in gradation under Her Majesty, the superior of those mesne lords may enter on and hold the land at any time within six months after the time at which the right of the inferior lord to enter on the land expires:

(iii.) If a mesne lord is at the time when his right of entry accrues under this Act a lunatic or otherwise under incapacity, his right of entry may be exercised by his guardian or the committee of his estate, or by such person as Her Majesty's High Court of Justice may appoint in that behalf:

(iv.) If the right of entry under this Act is exercised by or on behalf of a mesne lord, the land shall be forfeited to that lord from the date of the assurance instead of to Her Majesty.

2. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty the Queen, if and when and in such form as she thinks fit, to grant to any person or corporation a licence to assure in mortmain land in perpetuity or otherwise, and to grant to any corporation a licence to acquire land in mortmain and to hold the land in perpetuity or otherwise.

3. No entry or holding by or forfeiture to Her Majesty under this Part of this Act, shall merge or extinguish, or otherwise affect, any rent or service which may be due in respect of any land to Her Majesty or any other lord thereof.

1888.

Mortmain and Charitable Uses Act, 1888. Ch. 42.

331

PART II.

Charitable Uses.

4. — (1.) Subject to the savings and exceptions contained in this Act, every assurance of land to or for the benefit of any charitable uses, and every assurance of personal estate to be laid out in the purchase of land to or for the benefit of any charitable uses, shall be made in accordance with the requirements of this Act, and unless so made shall be void.

(2.) The assurance must be made to take effect in possession for the charitable uses to or for the benefit of which it is made immediately from the making thereof.

(3.) The assurance must, except as provided by this section, be without any power of revocation, reservation, condition, or provision for the benefit of the assuror or of any person claiming under him.

(4.) Provided that the assurance, or any instrument forming part of the same transaction, may contain all or any of the following provisions, so, however, that they reserve the same benefits to persons claiming under the assuror as to the assuror himself; namely,

(i.) The grant or reservation of a peppercorn or other nominal rent;

(ii.) The grant or reservation of mines or minerals;

(iii.) The grant or reservation of any easement;

(iv.) Covenants or provisions as to the erection, repair, position, or description of buildings, the formation or repair of streets or roads, drainage or nuisances, and covenants or provisions of the like nature for the use and enjoyment as well of the land comprised in the assurance as of any other adjacent or neighbouring land;

(v.) A right of entry on nonpayment of any such rent or on breach of any such covenant or provision;

(vi.) Any stipulations of the like nature for the benefit of the assuror or of any person claiming under him.

(5.) If the assurance is made in good faith on a sale for full and valuable consideration, that consideration may consist wholly or partly of a rent, rentcharge, or other annual payment reserved or made payable to the vendor, or any other person, with or without a right of re-entiy for nonpayment thereof.

(6.) If the assurance is of land, not being land of copyhold or customary tenure, or is of personal estate, not being stock in the public funds, it must be made by deed executed in the presence of at least two witnesses.

(7.) If the assurance is of land, or of personal estate, not being stock in the public funds, then, unless it is made in good faith for full and valuable consideration, it must be made at least twelve months before the death of the assuror, including in those twelve months the days of the making of the assurance and of the death.

Conditions under which assurances may be made to charitable uses.

332

Power to remedy omis Rion to enrol within requisite time.

Ch. 42. Mortmain and Charitable Uses Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

(8.) If the assurance is of stock in the public funds, then, unless it is made in good faith for full and valuable consideration, it must be made by transfer thereof in the public books kept for the transfer of stock at least six months before the death of the assuror, including in those six months the days of the transfer and of the death.

(0.) If the assurance is of land, or of personal estate other than stock in the public funds, it mu3t, within six months after the execution thereof, be enrolled in the Central Office of the Supreme Court of Judicature, unless in the case of an assurance of land to or for the benefit of charitable uses those uses are declared by a separate instrument, in which case that separate instrument must be so enrolled within six months after the making of the assurance of the land.

5. — (1.) Where an instrument, the enrolment whereof is required under this Part of this Act for the validation of an assurance, is not duly enrolled within the requisite time, Her Majesty's High Court of Justice, or the officer having control over the enrolment of deeds in the Central Office, may, on application in such manner and on payment of such fee as may be prescribed by rules of the Supreme Court, and on being satisfied that the omission to enrol the instrument in proper time has arisen from ignorance or inadvertence, or through the destruction or loss of the instrument by time or accident, and that the assurance was of a nature to be validated under this section, order or cause the instrument to be enrolled.

(2.) Thereupon, if the assurance to be validated was made in good faith and for full and valuable consideration, and was made to take effect in possession immediately from the making thereof without any power of revocation, reservation, condition, or provision, except such as is authorised by this Act, and if at the time of the application possession or enjoyment was held under the assurance, then enrolment in pursuance of this section shall have the same effect as if it had been made within the requisite time:

(3.) Provided that if at th9 time of the application any proceeding for setting aside the assurance, or for asserting any right founded on the invalidity of the assurance, is pending, or any decree or judgment founded on such invalidity has been then obtained, the enrolment under this section shall not give any validity to the assurance.

(4.) Where the instrument omitted to be enrolled in proper time has been destroyed or lost by time or accident and the trusts thereof sufficiently appear by a copy or abstract thereof or some subsequent instrument, such copy, abstract, or subsequent instrument may be enrolled under this section in like manner and with the like effect as if it were the instrument so destroyed or lost.

(5.) An application under this section may be made by any trustee, governor, director, or manager of, or other person entitled to act in the management of or otherwise interested in, any charity or charitable trust intended to be benefited by the uses declared by the instrument to be enrolled.

1888. Mortmain and Charitable Uses Act, 1888. Cu. 42

PART III.

Exemptions.

6. — (1-) Parts One and Two of this Act shall not apply to an assurance by deed of land of any quantity or to an assurance by will of land of the quantity herein-after mentioned for the purposes only of a public park, a schoolhouse for an elementary school, a public museum, or an assurance by will of personal estate to be applied in or towards the purchase of land for all or any of the same purposes only:

(2.) Provided that a will containing such an assurance, and a deed containing such an assurance and made otherwise than in good faith for full and valuable consideration, must be executed not less than twelve months before the death of the assuror, or be a reproduction in substance of a devise made in a previous will in force at the time of such reproduction, and which was executed not less than twelve months before the death of the assurer, and must be enrolled in the books of the Charity Commissioners within six months after the death of the testator, or in case of a deed the execution of the deed.

(3.) The quantity of land which may be assured by will under this section shall be any quantity not exceeding twenty acres for any one public park, and not exceeding two acres for any one public museum, and not exceeding one acre for any one school house.

(4.) In this section:—

(i.) " public park " includes any park, garden, or other land dedicated or to be dedicated to the recreation of the public;

(ii.) " elementary school" means a school or department of a school at which elementary education is the principal part of the education there given, and does not include any school or department of a school at which the ordinary payments in respect of the instruction from each scholar exceed ninepence a week;

(iii.) " school house " includes the teacher’s dwelling-house, the playground (if any), and the offices and premises belonging to or required for a school;

(iv.) " public museum " includes buildings used or to be used for the preservation of a collection of paintings or other works of art, or of objects of natural history, or of mechanical or philosophical inventions, instruments, models, or designs, and dedicated or to be dedicated to the recreation of the public, together with any libraries, reading rooms, laboratories, and other offices and premises used or to be used in connexion therewith.

7. Part Two of this Act shall nob apply to the following assurances:

(i.) An assurance of land, or personal estate to be laid out in the purchase of laud, to or in trust for any of the Universities of Oxford, Cambridge, London, Durham, and the Victoria University, or any of the colleges or houses of learning within any

333

Afsurancesfor a public park, elementary school, or public museum.

Assurances for certain universities, colleges, and societies.

334

Substitution of provisions of Act for corresponding repealed enact ments.

Adaptation of law to system of land registration.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 87.

Definitions.

Ch. 42. Mortmain and Charitable Uses, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

of those universities, or to or in trust for any of the Colleges of Eton, Winchester, and Westminster, for the better support and maintenance of the scholars only upon the foundations of those last-mentioned colleges, or to or in trust for the warden, council, and scholars of Keble College:

(ii.) An assurance, otherwise than by will, to trustees on behalf of any society or body of persons associated together for religious purposes or for the promotion of education, art, literature, science, or other like purposes of land not exceeding two acres for the erection thereon of a building for such purposes, or any of them, or whereon a building used or intended to be used for such purposes, or any of them, has been erected, so that the assurance be made in good faith for full and valuable consideration:

Provided that the trustees of the instrument containing any assurance to which this section applies or declaring the trusts thereof, may, if they think fit, at any time cause the instrument to be enrolled in the Central Office of the Supreme Court of Judicature.

8. Where by any Statute now in force any provision of the enactments hereby repealed is excluded either wholly or partially from application, or is applied with modification, in every such case the corresponding provision of this Act shall be excluded or applied in like extent and manner.

PART IV.

Supplemental.

9. Any assurance of land which is by this Act required to be made by deed may be made by a registered disposition under the provisions of the Land Transfer Act, 1875, or of any Act amending the same, and any assurance so made shall be exempt from the provisions of this Act as to execution in the presence of witnesses, and as to enrolment in the Central Office of the Supreme Court.

10. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, —

(i.) " Assurance " includes a gift, conveyance, appointment, lease, transfer, settlement, mortgage, charge, incumbrance, devise, bequest, and every other assurance by deed, will, or other instrument; and " assure" and " assuror" have meanings corresponding with assurance.

(ii.) " Will " includes codicil.

(iii.) " Land " includes tenements and hereditaments corporeal and incorporeal of whatsoever tenure, and any estate and interest in land.

(iv.) " Full and valuable consideration " includes such a consideration either actually paid upon or before the making of the assurance, or reserved or made payable to the vendor or any other person by way of rent, rentcharge, or other annual payment in perpetuity, or for any term of years or other period,

1888. Mortmain and ChtiritaMe Act, 1888. Ch. 42.

with or without a right of re-entry, for nonpayment thereof, or partly paid and partly reserved as aforesaid.

335

11. This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland.

Extent of Act.

12. Nothing in this Act shall affect the operation or validity of Savings for

any charter, licence, or custom in force at the passing of this Act ^tin?cus' enabling land to be assured or held in mortmain. ms* '

13. — (1.) The Acts specified in the Schedule to this Act are Repeal, hereby repealed, from and after the passing of this Act, to the extent specified in the third column of that schedule:

Provided that this repeal shall not affect —

(a) Any enactment not hereby repealed referring to any enactment hereby repealed, except that in lieu of that reference the unrepealed enactment shall be construed as if it referred to the corresponding provisions of this Act; or

(b) The past operation of any enactment hereby repealed, or any instrument or thing executed, done, or suffered before the passing of this Act; or

(c) Any right, obligation, or liability acquired, accrued, or incurred under any enactment hereby repealed; or

(d) Any action, proceeding, or thing pending or uncompleted at the time of the passing of this Act.

(2.) Whereas by the preamble to the Act of the forty-third year of Elizabeth, chapter four (being one of the enactments hereby repealed), it is recited as follows:

"Whereas landes tenement? rentes annuities pfittes hereditamentes, goodes chattels money and stockes of money, have bene " heretofore given limitted appointed and assigned, as well by the " Queenes moste excellent Majestie and her moste noble progenitors, as by sondrie other well disposed psons, some for releife " of aged impotent and poore people, some for maintenance of sicke " and maymed souldiers and marriners, schooles of leaminge, free " schooles and schollers in un$sities, some for repaire of bridges " portes havens causwaies churches seabankes and highewaies,

" some for educacon and pfermente of orphans, some for or towardes reliefe stocke or maintenance for howses of correccon,

" some for mariages of poore maides, some for supportacon ayde " and helpe of younge tradesmen, handiecraftesmen and psons " decayed, and others for releife or redemption of prisoners or captives, and for aide or ease of any poore inhabitant? conSninge " paymente of fifteenes, setting© out of souldiers and other taxes;

" whiche landes tenements rents annuities pfitts hereditaments " goodes chattells money and stockes of money neVtheles have not " byn imployed accordinge to the charitable intente of the givers " and founders thereof, by reason of fraudes breaches of truste and " negligence in those that shoulde pay delyver and imploy the same and whereas in divers enactments and documents reference is made to charities within the meaning, purview, and interpretation of the said Act:

336

[Short title.]

Sect. 13.

Ch. 42. Mortmain and Charitable Usee Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Be it therefore enacted that references to such charities shall be construed as references to charities within the meaning, purview, and interpretation of the said preamble.

14. This Act may be cited as the Mortmain and Charitable Uses Act, 1888.

SCHEDULE.

Acts Repealed.

Note. — This Schedule is to be read as referring to the Revised Edition of the Statutes prepared under the direction of the Statute Law- Committee, in all cases of statutes included in that edition as already published.

The chapters of the statutes (before the division into separate Acts) are described by the marginal abstracts given in that edition.

Session and Chapter.

Title.

7 Edw. 1. -13 Edw. 1. c. 32.

18 Ed. 3. st. 3. c. 3.

Statut’ deViris Religio

Remedy in case of mortmain under judgements by collusion. Prosecutions against religious persons for purchasing lands in mort-

main.

15 Ric. 2. c. 5.

St. 7 Edw. 1. de Religiosis. Converting land to a churchyard declared to be within that statute.

Mortmain where any is seised of lands to the use of spiritual persons.

23 Hen. 8. c. 10.

43 Elis. c. 4.

7 A 8 Will. 3. c. 37. 9 Geo. 2. c. 36.

Mortmain to purchase lands in gilds, fraternities, offices, commonalties, or to their use.

An Acte for feoffments and assur-aunce of landes and tenements made to the use of any parisshe Churche, Chapell, or sucho like.

An Acte to redresse the misemployment of landes, goodes, and stockes of money heretofore given to charitable uses.

An Aote for tho encouragement of charitable gifts and dispositions.

An Act to restrain the disposition of lands whereby the same become unalienable.

9 Geo. 4. c. 85.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 9.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 17.

An Act for remedying a defect in the titles of lands purchased for charitable purposes.

An Act to amend the law relating to the conveyance of land for charitable uses.

An Act to extend the time for making enrolments under the Act passed in the last session of Parliament, intituled " An Act to " amend the law relating to the " conveyance of land for charitable uses, and to explain and " amend the said Act."

Extent of Repeal.

The whole Act.

The whole chapter.

The whole chapter.

The whole chapter.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act, except so much of section five as is unrepealed.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

1888.

Ch. 43.

337

County Courts Act, 1888.

Session and Chapter. Title.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 13.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 57.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 44.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 13.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 24.

An Act to farther extend the time for making enrolments under the Act passed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " amend the law relating to the " conveyance of lands for charitable nses, and otherwise to " amend the said law."

An Act to make farther provision for the enrolment of certain deeds, assurances, and other instruments relating to charitable trusts.

An Act for facilitating the acquisition and enjoyment of sites for buildings for religious, educational, literary, scientific, and other charitable purposes.

An Act to facilitate gifts of land for public parks, schools, and museums.

An Act to facilitate the incorporation of trustees of charities for religious, educational, literary, scientific, and public charitable purposes, and the enrolment of certain charitable trust deeds.

Extent of Repeal. The whole Act.

The whole Act.

Sections one and two.

The whole Act. Section thirteen.

I

CHAPTER 43.

An Act to consolidate and amend the County Courts Acts.

[13th August 1888.]

WHEREAS it is desirable to consolidate and amend the County Courts Acts:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

1. This Act may be cited as the County Courts Act, 1888.

2. This Act, save as in this Act otherwise expressly provided, shall come into operation on the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine, which day is in this Act referred to as the commencement of this Act.

PART I.

Courts.

3. This Act shall be in force throughout all those parts of England in which County Courts have been established; and, subject to alterations made in pursuance of this Act, the County Court

[Short title.]

[Commencement of Act.]

Existing courts continued.

338

51 & 52 Vict.

Power to alter districts.

Courts to have all jurisdiction of County Courts, and to be courts of record.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 95.

Lords of manors, &c. may surrender courts.

Power to exclude jurisdiction of court of local jurisdiction from that of County Court in concurrent causes.

Ch. 43. Cov/iUy Gowrts 1888.

districts existing at the commencement of this Act shall continue, and the County Courts for such districts shall continue to be held at the places fixed at the commencement of this Act.

4. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty by Order in Council from time to time to alter the number and boundaries of the districts and the place of holding any court, and to order the discontinuance of the holding of any court, and the consolidation of any two or more districts, and the division of any district, and to order by what name and in what towns and places a court shall be held in such district.

Any such order of Her Majesty in Council may declare that a part of any county, liberty, city, borough, or district shall be within the jurisdiction of the court held under this Act for any adjoining county or district in like manner as if such part were a part of such adjoining county or district.

5. Every court held under this Act shall have all the jurisdiction and powers at any time prior to the coming into operation of the County Courts Act, 1846, belonging to any County Court for the recovery of debts and demands as altered by this Act throughout the whole district for which it is held, and there shall be a judge for each district under this Act, and the court may be held simultaneously in all or any of such districts; and every court held under this Act shall be a court of record.

6. It shall be lawful for the lord of any hundred, or of any honor, manor, or liberty having any court in right thereof in which debts or demands may be recovered, to surrender to Her Majesty the right of holding such court for any such purpose (with the consent of any steward or other officer, if any, having a freehold office in such court, or upon the next vacancy in any such freehold office); and from and after such surrender such court shall be discontinued, and the right of holding such court shall cease, and all proceedings commenced in such court may thereafter be continued, and shall be enforced and executed as if they were commenced under the authority of this Act in a court held for the district in which the cause of action arose; but no person shall be entitled to claim any compensation under this Act by reason of any such surrender:Provided always, that the surrender of the right of holding any such court for the recovery of debts and demands shall not be deemed to infer the surrender or loss of any other franchise incident to the lordship of such hundred, honor, manor, or liberty, and that the court thereof may be held for all other purposes, if any, incident thereunto, as now by law it may.

7. If the council of any city or borough, or a majority of the ratepayers of any parish, within the limits of which a court of local jurisdiction, other than a County Court, is established, or into the limits of which city, borough, or parish the jurisdiction of such court of local jurisdiction shall extend, shall petition Her Majesty in Council that the jurisdiction of such court of local jurisdiction may be excluded in any causes whereof the County Court has cognizance, and if notice of such petition shall be given two months

1888.

County Courts Act, 1888. Ch. 43. 339

before it is presented by public advertisement in such city, borough, or parish, and in some newspaper therein circulated, Her Majesty, by Order in Council, may declare the exclusion of the jurisdiction of such court of local jurisdiction throughout the whole or any part of the district assigned or which may hereafter be assigned to such County Court, if no petition against declaring the exclusion is presented, and no caveat entered at the Council Office; and if any counter-petition is presented, or any caveat entered, then Her Majesty may refer such petition and counter-petition to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, upon whose report Her Majesty may make such Order in Council as she shall be advised touching the matter of the said petitions in respect of excluding the jurisdiction of such court of local jurisdiction, and may award compensation to any persons entitled to appoint officers of such court, or to any officers thereof appointed before the passing of this Act, to be given by the Treasury, who are hereby empowered to pay the same.

PART II.

Judges and Officers.

8. The Lord Chancellor shall from time to time appoint as many Appointment fit persons, not exceeding sixty, as are needed to be judges of the a.cd quajifica-courts under this Act, each of whom shall be a barrister-at-law of tion of udges* at least seven years’ standing: Provided that where the whole of

a district is within the duchy of Lancaster the appointment of the judge for such district shall be made by the chancellor of the said duchy. No judge shall during his continuance in the office of judge be capable of being elected or of sitting as a member of the House of Commons.

9. A judge shall, whether within the district of any of his courts Jurisdiction of or not, have jurisdiction to make any order, or exercise on an ^thouthis ex parte application any authority or jurisdiction in any action districts. '* or proceeding pending in any of the courts of which he is judge,

which, if the same related to an action or proceeding pending in the High Court, might be given, made, or exercised by a Judge of the High Court in chambers, and, with the consent of both parties to an action or proceeding, to hear and decide any matter at any place, either within or without any such district.

10. The judge of each district shall attend and hold the court Times of at each place where Her Majesty shall have ordered that the court 8*t^ug8, shall be held within the district, at such times as he shall appoint

for that purpose, so that a court shall be held at every such place once at least in every month, or at such other interval as the Lord Chancellor shall in each case order; and notice of the days on which the court will be held shall be put up in some conspicuous place in the court-house and in the office of the registrar of the court, and no other notice thereof shall be needed; and whenever any day so appointed for holding the court shall be altered, notice of such intended alteration, and of the time when it will take effect, shall be put up in some conspicuous place in the

51 & 52 Vict.

340

Closing of court for one month.

Two judges of one district.

Power to re-distribute districts among judges.

Judges not to practise.

Judges removable.

Judges may be named for assizes.

Judges in commission of the peace.

Cff. 43. County Courts Act, 1888.

court-house and in the registrar’s office. Where, by reason of death or unavoidable absence, a judge at the sitting of a court is not present the registrar, after exercising his powers where the defendant does not appear or admits the debt, or in his unavoidable absence the high bailiff shall adjourn the court to such day as he may deem convenient, and enter in the minute book the cause of such adjournment.

11. No judge shall be obliged to hold any courts during the month of September in any year, unless he shall be ordered by the Lord Chancellor so to do; and if any judge shall be desirous of holding courts in the said month of September, and of being relieved from the obligation to do so at some other period of the year, it shall be lawful for such judge, with the sanction of the Lord Chancellor, to close the courts upon his circuit for any periods of time of which the Lord Chancellor shall approve, not exceeding in the whole four weeks in any one year: Provided nevertheless, that the office of every court shall always be open for the receipt and payment out of money due under any order of the court, pursuant to the rules and orders in force for the time being or for any proceedings before the registrar.

12. The Lord Chancellor may from time to time direct that there shall be two judges of a district or districts, and may make such regulations as to their respective sittings, or otherwise as to the division of their duties, as he may think right, and each of the judges when acting shall have all such powers and authorities as if he had been sole judge of such district or districts.

13. It shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor from time to time to alter the distribution of the districts among the judges, and for that purpose to remove any judge from all or any of the districts of which he is the judge, for the purpose of appointing him to any other district or districts, or to appoint any such judge to be the judge of any district or districts in addition to the district or districts of which he is the judge, or to direct that any judge shall sit as an additional judge in any district or districts.

14. No judge shall practise at the bar, or as a special pleader or equity draughtsman, or be directly or indirectly concerned as a conveyancer, notary public, or solicitor, or act as arbitrator or referee for any remuneration to himself.

15. It shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, or the chancellor of the duchy of Lancaster (as the case may be), if he shall think fit, to remove for inability or misbehaviour any judge already appointed or hereafter to be appointed by them respectively.

16. Her Majesty may, if Her Majesty shall so please, include in any commission of assize, oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery the name of any judge.

17. Her Majesty may include in any commission of the peace for any borough, city, county, riding, or division of a county where a court is holden, the judge of such court for the time being, and he may and shall act in the execution of the office of justice of the

1888.

Ch. 43.

341

County Courts Act, 1888.

peace for the said borough, city, county, riding, or division, although he may not be qualified in such manner as is required by law in the case of other persons being justices of the peace.

18. In case of the illness or unavoidable absence of any judge it shall be lawful for such judge to appoint a barrister-at-law of at least seven years’ standing to act as his deputy during such illness or unavoidable absence; provided that whenever any deputy i3 appointed, the fact of the appointment and the name of the deputy shall be forthwith communicated to the Lord Chancellor, and no deputy so appointed shall be entitled to act for more than fourteen days at any time, unless with the approval of the Lord Chancellor; provided also that, in the case of the judge’s inability to make such appointment, the Lord Chancellor or the chancellor of the duchy (as the case may be) may make the same: and it shall also be lawful for any judge, with the approval of the Lord Chancellor or chancellor of the duchy (as the case may be), to appoint a barrister-at-law of at least seven years’ standing to act as his deputy for any time or times not exceeding in the whole two months in any consecutive period of twelve months. Every deputy appointed under this section, during the time for which he shall be so appointed, shall have all the powers and privileges and perform all the duties of the judge for whom he shall have been so appointed.

19. Any judge shall be capable of acting for any other judge within or without the districts presided over by such other judge, and where, in the absence of a judge, a deputy of such judge shall, from illness or otherwise, be incapable of performing his duties as such deputy, it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor to appoint another person duly qualified, to be the deputy of such judge.

20. No deputy judge, save and except of the Westminster County Court of Middlesex, shall, during the time he acts or is entitled to act as such deputy, practise as a barrister in any court within the district for which he acts or is entitled to act as such deputy.

21. The appointment of a deputy of a judge, whether such deputy shall have been appointed by the judge, or by the Lord Chancellor, or by the chancellor of the duchy of Lancaster, shall not be vacated by the death or resignation of the judge, but the acts of the deputy done after such death or resignation shall be as valid as if the judge had not died or resigned, and he shall continue to act in all the courts to which he was appointed until the Lord Chancellor or the chancellor of the duchy of Lancaster (as the case may be) shall otherwise order, or a successor to such judge shall be appointed; and such deputy shall receive as remuneration for the period that he may act as deputy, after the death or resignation of the judge, a rateable proportion of the salary and travelling allowances attached to the office so vacant during any vacancy. If no such deputy shall have been appointed, the Lord Chancellor may appoint a deputy with the like powers and remuneration for

Appointment of deputy judge.

Judges may act for one another. Substitute for deputy judge.

Deputy judge not to practise in district.

Deputy judge to act during vacancy. Remuneration.

342

Court where judge can sue and be sued.

Salaries and allowances of judges.

Pension of judges.

Appointment of registrars.

Duties of registrars.

Ch. 43. County Courts Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

any period not exceeding three months, if the office shall so long remain vacant.

22. A judge proposing to sue any person dwelling or carrying on business in any district of which he is the judge may bring his action in the court of any adjoining district of which he is not the judge; and any person proposing to sue a judge may bring his action in any court of a district adjoining the district of which the defendant is judge.

23. The salary to be received by a judge shall be one thousand five hundred pounds a year:Provided that it shall be lawful for the Treasury to allow to a judge such sum as the Treasury shall in each case, with the concurrence of the Lord Chancellor, deem reasonable to defray his travelling expenses, with reference to the size and circumstances of the district for which he is judge, or in which, under the provisions of this Act, lie is directed to sit. The salaries of the judges shall be paid out of the Consolidated Fund, and the Treasury shall pay the same accordingly; and the sums which may be allowed to them for travelling expenses shall be paid out of money provided by Parliament.

24. It shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor from time to time, on a petition presented to him for that purpose, to recommend to the Treasury that there shall be paid out of the Consolidated Fund to any judge who shall be afflicted with some permanent infirmity disabling him from the due execution of his office, and who shall be desirous of resigning the same, an annuity or clear yearly sum of money for the term of his life, not exceeding two thirds of the yearly salary which such judge shall be entitled to as a judge at the time of presenting his petition; and such annuity or sum shall be paid out of the Consolidated Fund, quarterly or otherwise, as the Treasury may direct.

25. For every court there shall be a registrar who shall be a solicitor of the Supreme Court of at least five years’ standing, and whom, the judge shall be empowered to appoint, subject to the approval of the Lord Chancellor. No person shall be appointed registrar of more than one court; and every registrar shall reside within the district of his court. In the case of any court where the number of plaints for the preceding year has exceeded eight thousand, the Lord Chancellor may in the case of any future appointment make it a condition of the appointment that the registrar shall not practise as a solicitor or notary, but nothing in this section shall be deemed to disqualify a registrar from holding any other public appointment.

26. The registrar of each court, with such clerks as may be required, shall issue all summonses, warrants, precepts, and writs of execution, and register all orders and judgments of the said court, and keep an account of all proceedings of the court and shall take charge of and keep an account of all court fees and fines payable or paid into court, and of all moneys paid into and out of court, and shall enter an account of all such fees, fines, and moneys in a book belonging to the court, to be kept by him for that purpose; and

343

1888. County Courts Act, 1888. Ch. 43.

shall from time to time, as may be directed, submit his accounts to be audited or settled.

27. It shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, or the chancellor Removal of of the duchy of Lancaster (as the case may be) when such Lord ro£i, trars-Chancellor or chancellor of the duchy shall in his discretion think fit, to remove the registrar of any court from his office, and from time to time to make orders as to the attendance of any registrar during the sitting of the court or otherwise.

28. The registrar of every court shall cause a note of all plaints Minutes of and summonses, and of all orders, and of all judgments and proceedings executions and returns thereto, and of all fines, and of all other to kept‘ proceedings of the court, to be fairly entered from time to time in

a book belonging to the court, which shall be kept at the office of the court; and such entries in the said book, or a copy thereof bearing the seal of the court and purporting to be signed and certified as a true copy by the registrar of the court, shall at all times be admitted in all courts and places whatsoever as evidence of such entries, and of the proceeding referred to by such entry or entries, and of the regularity of such proceeding, without any further proof.

29. It shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, in populous dis- Appointment tricts in which it shall appear to him to be expedient, to direct of !.oint that two persons shall be appointed to execute jointly the office of rcP8trars* registrar, under such regulations as to the division of the duties

and emoluments of the said office as shall be from time to time made by order of court in case of difference between them, each of such persons being qualified as is herein-before provided in the case of a single registrar.

30. Upon the death, resignation, or removal of any person being On death of a joint registrar with another, no other person shall be appointed to

such office of registrar jointly or otherwise, until both the persons soie registrar, holding the joint office shall have died, been removed, or resigned, unless the Lord Chancellor shall otherwise order.

31. It shall be lawful for the registrar of any court, with the Deputy reapproval of the judge, or in case of inability of the registrar to P8trar* make such appointment, for the judge, to appoint from time to time

a deputy, qualified to be appointed registrar, to act for the registrar of the said court at any time when he shall be prevented by illness or unavoidable absence from acting in such office, and to remove such deputy at his pleasure; and such deputy while acting under such appointment shall have the like powers and privileges, and be subject to the like provisions, duties, and penalties for misbehaviour, as if he were the registrar of the said court for the time being. The appointment of a deputy of a registrar shall not be vacated by the death or removal of the registrar, but his acts done after such death or removal shall be as valid as if the registrar had not died or been removed, and he shall continue to act until a successor to such registrar shall be appointed; and he shall receive as remuneration for his services during the period he may so act after the death or removal of the registrar, a rateable proportion of

344

Deputy registrar provisionally appointed.

Appointment of bailiffs.

Bailiffs during vacancy of high bailiff.

Duties of high bailiffs, &c.

Cfl. 43. County Courts, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

the salary attached to the office of registrar. Provided that notice of any vacancy in the office of registrar shall be forthwith given by the judge having the appointment, and no appointment shall be made to fill the vacancy within the period of one month after the date of the notice without the assent of the Lord Chancellor.

32. On the death or removal of a registrar who shall not have appointed a deputy, the judge may, for a period not exceeding three months, provisionally appoint a person qualified to be a registrar to discharge the duties of registrar; and such person shall act as and have all the rights and liabilities of a registrar until a permanent successor shall be appointed, and shall receive as remuneration for his services during the period he may so act a rateable proportion of the salary attached to the office of registrar.

33. For every court there shall, unless otherwise provided by this Act, be one or more high bailiffs, whom the judge shall be empowered to appoint, and whom the Lord Chancellor or the chancellor of the duchy of Lancaster (as the case may be), may, if he shall think fit, remove from his office; provided that no person shall be appointed high bailiff of more than one court, and every person discharging the duties of high bailiff shall be empowered, subject to the restrictions herein-after contained, by any writing under his hand, to appoint a sufficient number of able and fit persons, not exceeding such number as shall be from time to time allowed by the judge, to be bailiffs to assist him, and at his pleasure to dismiss all or any of them, and to appoint others in their stead; and every bailiff so appointed may be suspended or dismissed by the judge. Every bailiff duly appointed may serve or execute any process which by any Act passed or to be passed is directed to be served or executed by a high bailiff, unless otherwise specially provided against therein.

34. The appointment of the bailiffs who are appointed to assist the high bailiff shall not be vacated by the death or removal of the high bailiff, but their acts done after such death or removal shall be as valid as if the high bailiff had not died or been removed, and had authorised such acts, and they shall continue to act until they shall be dismissed by the successor of the high bailiff or by the judge; and they shall be paid for their services during the period they shall so act after the death or removal of the high bailiff the same wages as they were receiving at the date of such death or removal, and such wages shall be paid out of the salary and allowances attached to the office of high bailiff.

35. The high bailiff* shall attend every sitting of the court for such time as shall be required by the judge, unless when his absence shall be allowed for reasonable cause by the judge, and shall, by himself or by the bailiffs appointed to assist him as aforesaid, serve all summonses and orders, and execute all the warrants, precepts, and writs issued out of the court, except as herein-after provided; and the said high bailiff* and bailiffs shall in the execution of their duties conform to all such general rules as shall be from time to time made for regulating the proceedings of the court

1888.

Ch. 43.

345

County Courts, 1888.

as herein-after provided, and, subject thereunto, to the order and direction of the judge; and every such high bailiff shall be responsible for all the acts and defaults of himself and of the bailiffs appointed to assist him in like manner as the sheriff of any county in England is responsible for the acts and defaults of himself and his officers.

36. On the death or removal of a high bailiff the judge may, for On death, &c. a period not exceeding three months, provisionally appoint a person to discharge the duties of high bailiff; and such person shall act Joimprov?-as and have all the rights and liabilities of a high bailiff* until a tonally a permanent successor shall be appointed, and shall receive as deputy‘ remuneration for his services during the period he shall so act a rateable proportion of the salary and allowances attached to the office of high bailiff.

37. Upon the happening of any vacancy in the office of high When registrar bailiff of any court, if the registrar of the court in which the

vacancy shall occur shall have been appointed such registrar after bailiff.0 *8 the twenty-third day of April, one thousand eight hundred and Remuneration, sixty-six, or having been appointed before that day, shall be willing to perform the duties of the office of high bailiff of such court, no successor to such high bailiff shall, unless the Lord Chancellor with the consent of the Treasury shall otherwise determine, be

appointed, but in either of such cases the registrar shall perform the duties of the high bailiff of such court, and shall have all the powers and authorities vested by this Act or any other Act in a high bailiff, and shall be responsible for the acts and defaults of himself and his officers in like manner as the high bailiff is by law responsible for the acts and defaults of himself and his officers.

Every registrar so invested with the powers and authorities of high bailiff shall receive, in addition to his net salary as registrar, a sum equal to one-fifth part of such salary, together with such sum or allowances for service and execution of process as the Treasury may determine; and such additional salary and allowances shall be paid out of the produce of the fees payable under the provisions of this Act. The appointment of a high bailiff as registrar shall vacate the office of high bailiff held by such

appointee.

38. Whenever a treasurer of a court shall die, resign, or be Vacancies in removed, the vacancy caused by the death, resignation, or removal and1" of such person shall not be filled up; and the accounts of the examination registrar and other officers of the court of which the person who of accounts shall have died, resigned, or been removed was the treasurer, shall of officere-be examined by such person or persons, at such time or times,

and under the supervision of such person, as the Treasury shall think fit.

39. Where it shall appear to the Treasury that greater efficiency Treasurers and economy will be effected by permitting the retirement of a uperannua-, treasurer of a court, it shall be lawful for the Treasury to grant to any such treasurer, out of moneys to be provided for the purpose by Parliament, such superannuation allowance as the Treasury

346

51 & 52 VICT.

22 Vict. c. 26.

Registrar and high bailiffs to give security.

Officers not to act as solicitors in the court.

If officer is plaintiff in his own court, defendant may remove action to an adjoining district.

Where officer of County Court may be sued.

Provision for salaries.

Salaries of registrars.

Ch. 43. Cownty Courts, 1888.

may determine, not exceeding such amount as might he granted under the Superannuation Act, 1859, to a civil servant retiring upon medical certificate.

40. The treasurer, registrar, and high bailiff of every court who may receive any moneys in the execution of his duty, shall give security for such sum and in such manner and form as the Treasury from time to time shall order for the due performance of their several offices, and for the due accounting for and payment of all moneys received by them under this Act, or which they may become liable to pay for any misbehaviour in their office.

41. -No registrar, treasurer, high bailiff, or other officer of any court shall, either by himself or his partner, be directly or indirectly engaged as solicitor or agent for any party in any proceeding in the said court. And every registrar, treasurer, high bailiff, or other officer of any court who shall be, by himself or his partner, or in any way, directly or indirectly, concerned as solicitor or agent for any party in any proceeding in the said court, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds to any person who shall sue for the same by action of debt.

42. If an action be brought by an officer in the court of which he is an officer, except as official receiver, the judge shall, at the request of the defendant, order that the venue be changed, and that the action be sent for trial to the court of some convenient district of which he is not the judge; and the registrar of the first-mentioned court shall forthwith transmit by post to the registrar of such last-mentioned court a certified copy of the plaint as entered in the plaint book, the duplicate copy of the summons and particulars served on the defendant, and a certified copy of the order for changing the venue as entered in the minute book; and the judge of such last-mentioned court shall appoint a day for the trial, notice whereof shall be sent by post or otherwise by the registrar of such last-mentioned court to both parties.

43. If an action be brought against an officer of a County Court, the summons may issue in the district of which he is an officer, or in any adjoining district the judge of which is not the judge of a court of which the defendant is an officer.

44. The salaries and remuneration of the registrars and high bailiffs shall be paid out of the produce of the fees payable under the provisions of this Act; and whenever the amount of such fees shall not be sufficient to pay the salaries and remuneration, the deficiency shall be made good out of any moneys to be provided by Parliament for that purpose; and the surplus which from time to time shall remain after payment of the salaries and remuneration shall be paid over to the credit of the Consolidated Fund.

45. A registrar shall be paid by salary, and the principle upon which the said salary shall be regulated shall be, that if the plaints entered in the court of which he is registrar do not exceed in the year from the first day of January to the thirty-first day of December inclusive the number of two hundred, the salary shall

1888.

347

County Courts Act, 1888. Ch. 43.

be one hundred pounds for that year; and if the plaints so entered shall exceed two hundred, then such salary shall be increased by sums of four pounds for every twenty-five additional plaints up to six thousand inclusive; and such salaries shall be inclusive of all salaries to the clerks employed by the registrars in the business of their respective courts, and of all emoluments whatsoever, except as by this Act otherwise provided and except those that may be receivable, in respect of special duties under any Act of Parliament and in any court in which the plaints shall have at any time exceeded six thousand the amount of salary shall be fixed from time to time by the Treasury with the concurrence of the Lord Chancellor, but in no case shall the net salary, exclusive of clerks’ salaries and office expenses to be allowed, exceed seven hundred pounds a year. In the case of any court where by reason of the amount of business therein, or of the union of the registrar’s office with that of the district registrar of the High Court or the district probate registrar, or any other public office, the Lord Chancellor shall at any time be of opinion that the whole time of the registrar ought to be given to the public service, the Lord Chancellor may, by order to be laid before Parliament, direct that the registrar shall not practise as a solicitor; and thereupon the Treasury shall assign to the registrar such salary in respect of his public offices as they may think fit, having regard to all the circumstances of the case, but no such salary shall exceed fourteen hundred pounds a year; and every registrar to whom any such order shall apply shall, for all purposes, be deemed to be an officer of the Supreme Court within the meaning of the Supreme Court of Judicature 42 & 43 Vict. (Officers) Act, 1879:Provided that no such order shall be made c- 78-with respect to any registrar appointed before the passing of this Act without the consent of such registrar.

46. The high bailiffs of the courts shall be paid by salaries to High bailiffs’ be fixed and regulated from time to time by the Treasury, with the J^"ries an<l concurrence of the Lord Chancellor, and shall, in addition to such salaries, receive, for their own use, besides any additional remuneration as herein-after mentioned, the fees appointed for keeping possession of goods under executions, and such salaries shall include

all payments made by the high bailiffs to their under bailiffs, or, with the like consent, the high bailiffs may be paid partly by salaries and partly by allowances for the execution of warrants, and for mileage on the service or execution of any process.

47. The Treasury with the concurrence of the Lord Chancellor Remuneration shall direct whether any and what additional or other remunera- of officer8, tion shall be allowed to any person performing any duties under this Act or under any Act passed or to be passed where by such Act no remuneration is or shall be given for the performance of duties by officers of the courts; and such remuneration shall be paid out of the fees which the Treasury, with the consent of the Lord Chancellor, is empowered to order to be taken on proceedings authorised to be taken in the courts. This section shall not apply to the City of London Court.

Ch. 43. County Courts, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

48. If any officer or bailiff of any court shall be assaulted while in the execution of hi3 duty, or if any rescue shall be made or attempted to be made of any goods levied under process of the court, the person so offending shall be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds, to be recovered by order of the judge, or on summary conviction in manner provided by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts; and it shall be lawful for the bailiff of the court, in any such case, to take the offender into custody (with or without warrant), and bring him before such judge accordingly.

49. In case any bailiff of any court who shall be employed to answerable for levy any execution against goods and chattels shall, by neglect or nc^ert to'le connivance, or omission, lose the opportunity of levying any such execution. execution, then upon complaint of the party aggrieved by reason of

such neglect, connivance, or omission (and the fact alleged being proved to the satisfaction of the court on the oath of any credible witness), the judge shall order such bailiff to pay such damages as it shall appear that the plaintiff has sustained thereby, not exceeding in any case the sum of money for which the said execution issued, and the bailiff shall be liable thereto; and upon demand made thereof, and on his refusal so to pay and satisfy the same, payment thereof shall be enforced by such ways and means as are herein provided for enforcing a judgment recovered in the court.

348

Penalty for assaulting bailiffs, or rescuing goods taken in execution.

Bailiffs made

Remedies 50. If any registrar, bailiff, or officer of any court, acting under

against and colour or pretence of the process of the said court, shall be charged

iSfe^aLncT with extortion or misconduct, or with not duly paying or accounting other officers for any money levied by him under the authority of this Act, it for misconduct, shall be lawful for the judge to inquire into such matter in a summary way, and for that purpose to summon and enforce the attendance of all necessary parties in like manner as the attendance of witnesses in any case may be enforced, and to make such order thereupon for the repayment of any money extorted or for the due payment of any money so levied as aforesaid, and for the payment of such damages and costs as he shall think just, and also, if he shall think fit, to impose such fine upon the registrar, bailitf, or officer, not exceeding ten pounds for each offence, as he shall deem adequate; and in default of payment of any money so ordered to be paid, payment of the same may be enforced by such ways and means as are herein provided for enforcing a judgment recovered in the said court.

Penalty on officers taking fees besides those allowed.

51. Every treasurer, registrar, bailiff, or other officer employed in putting this Act or any of the powers thereof in execution, who shall wilfully and corruptly exact, take, or accept any fee or reward whatsoever, other than and except such fees as are or shall be appointed and allowed respectively for or on account of anything done or to be done by virtue of this Act, or on any account whatsoever relative to putting this Act into execution, shall, upon proof thereof before the judge of the court, and in the case of a treasurer, registrar, or high bailiff, on allowance of the finding of the judge by the Lord Chancellor, be for ever incapable of serving or being

1888.

349

County Courts Act, 1888. Ch. 43.

employed under this Act in any office of profit or emolument, and shall also be liable for damages as in this Act before provided.

52. No officer of any court in executing any warrant of a court. No officer shall and no person at whose instance any such warrant shall be exe- deemed a

cuted, shall be deemed a trespasser by reason of any irregularity 7

or informality in any proceeding on the validity of which such irregularity, warrant depends, or in the form of such warrant, or in the mode of executing it, but the party aggrieved may bring an action for any

special damage which he may have sustained by reason of such irregularity or informality against the party guilty thereof, and in such action he shall recover no costs, unless the damage awarded shall exceed forty shillings.

53. All actions and prosecutions to be commenced against any Limitation of person for anything done in pursuance of this Act shall, unless actions for otherwise provided, be laid and tried in the county where the fact exocut^n^V" was committed, and shall be commenced within three months after this Act. the fact committed, and not afterwards or otherwise; and notice

in writing of such action or prosecution, and of the cause thereof, shall be given to the defendant one month at least before the commencement thereof; and no plaintiff shall recover in any such action if tender of sufficient amends shall have been made before action brought, or if after action brought a sufficient sum of money shall have been paid into court, with casts, by or on behalf of the defendant.

54. No action shall be commenced against any bailiff, or against any person acting by the order and in aid of any bailiff, for anything done in obedience to any warrant under the hand of the registrar and the seal of the court, until demand has been made or left at the office of such bailiff by the party intending to bring such action, or by his solicitor or agent, in writing, signed by the party demanding the same, of the perusal and copy of such warrant, and the same has been refused or neglected for the space of six days after such demand; and in case after such demand and compliance therewith, by showing the said warrant to and permitting a copy to be taken thereof by the party demanding the same, any action shall be brought against such bailiff, or other person acting in his aid for any such cause as aforesaid, without making the registrar who signed or sealed the said warrant defendant, on producing or proving such warrant at the trial of such action, a verdict shall be given for the defendant, notwithstanding any defect of jurisdiction or other irregularity in the said warrant; and if such action be brought jointly against such registrar, and also against such bailiff, or person acting in his aid as aforesaid, then on proof of such warrant the finding shall be for such bailiff *, and for such person so acting as aforesaid, notwithstanding such defect or irregularity as aforesaid; and if the verdict shall be given against the said registrar, the plaintiff shall recover his costs against him, to be taxed in such manner by the proper officer as to include such costs as such plaintiff is liable to pay to such defendant for whom such verdict shall be found as aforesaid.

No action to be brought against bailiff, &c. acting under order of the court without notice; and registrar to be made defendant in the action.

51 & 52 Vict.

350 Ch. 43. County Courts, 1888.

Protection to 55, In any action commenced against any person for anything officers. done in pursuance of this Act, the production of the warrant under

the seal of the court shall be deemed sufficient proof of the authority of the court previous to the issuing of such warrant; and in case the plaintiff shall have a verdict or judgment pass against him, be nonsuit, or discontinue, the defendant shall in any such case be allowed full costs as between solicitor and client.

PART III.

Jurisdiction and Law.

Ordinary 56. All personal actions, where the debt, demand, or damage

jurisdiction claimed is not more than fifty pounds, whether on balance of

o t e court. account or otherwise, may be commenced in the court; and all

such actions shall be heard and determined in a summary way according to the provisions of this Act: Provided always that, except as in this Act provided, the court shall not have cognizance of any action of ejectment, or in which the title to any corporeal or incorporeal hereditaments, or to any toll, fair, market, or franchise, shall be in question, or for any libel or slander, or for seduction, or breach of promise of marriage.

Where claim 57. Where in any action the debt or demand claimed consists of a balance not exceeding fifty pounds, after an admitted set-off of to have juris- any debt or demand claimed or recoverable by the defendant from diction. the plaintiff, the court shall have jurisdiction to try such action.

Cases of 58. The jurisdiction of the court shall extend to the recovery of

audbtertac any demand, not exceeding the sum of fifty pounds, which is the an in cy. wj10je or par^ of the unliquidated balance of a partnership account, or the amount or part of the amount of a distributive share under an intestacy, or of any legacy under a will.

Ejectment 59. All actions of ejectment, where neither the value of the

where neither lands, tenements, or hereditaments, nor the rent payable in respect exceed8°50/eUt thereof, shall exceed the sum of fifty pounds by the year, may be brought and prosecuted in the court of the district in which the lands, tenements, or hereditaments are situate; provided that the defendant in any such action of ejectment, or his landlord, may within one month from the day of service of the summons, apply to a Judge of the High Court at chambers for a summons to the plaintiff to show cause why such action should not be tried in the High Court on the ground that the title to lands or hereditaments of greater annual value than fifty pounds would be affected by the decision in such action; and on the hearing of such summons, the judge of the High Court, if satisfied that the title to other lands would be so affected, may order such action to be tried in the High Court, and thereupon all proceedings in the court in such action shall be discontinued.

Title where neither value nor rent exceeds 50/.

80. A judge shall have jurisdiction to try any action in which the title to any corporeal or incorporeal hereditaments shall come in question where neither the value of the lands, tenements, or hereditaments in dispute, nor the rent payable in respect thereof,

1888.

Ch. 43.

351

County Courts Act, 1888.

shall exceed the sum of fifty pounds by the year, or in case of an easement or licence, where neither the value nor reserved rent of the lands, tenements, or hereditaments in respect of which the easement or licence is claimed, or on, through, over, or under which such easement or licence is claimed, shall exceed the sum of fifty pounds by the year.

. 61. In any action in which the title to any corporeal or incorporeal hereditament, or to any toll, fair, market, or franchise, shall incidentally come in question, the judge shall have power to decide the claim which it is the immediate object of the action to enforce, if both parties at the hearing shall consent in any writing signed by them or their solicitors to the judge having such power; hut the judgment of the court shall not be evidence of title between the parties or their privies in any other action or matter in that court, or in any other court; and such consent shall not prejudice or affect any right of appeal of either of the parties to such first-mentioned action.

62. If in any action of contract the plaintiff shall claim a sum exceeding twenty pounds, or, if in any action of tort the plaintiff shall claim a sum exceeding ten pounds, and the defendant shall give notice that he objects to the action being tried in the court, and shall give security, to be approved of by the registrar, for the amount claimed and the costs of trial in the High Court, not exceeding in the whole the sum of one hundred and fifty pounds, and the judge shall certify that in his opinion some important question of law or fact is likely to arise, all proceedings in the court in any such action shall be stayed; but if in any such action the defendant do not object to the same being tried by the court, or shall fail to give the security aforesaid, the court shall dispose of the action in the usual way; and the entry of the plaint in such action shall be a sufficient commencement of the action to prevent the operation of any statute of limitations applicable to the claim; provided that nothing herein contained shall prevent the removal of any action from the court by writ of certiorari in the cases and subject to the conditions in this Act provided.

63. No action shall be brought in the court on any judgment of the High Court.

64. With respect to all actions assigned to the Queen’s Bench Division of the High Court, if both parties shall agree by a memorandum signed by them or their respective solicitors that the judge of any court named in such memorandum shall have power to try such action, such judge shall have jurisdiction to try the same therein.

65. Where in any action of contract brought in the High Court the claim indorsed on the writ does not exceed one hundred pounds, or where such claim, though it originally exceeded one hundred pounds, is reduced by payment, an admitted set off, or otherwise to a sum not exceeding one hundred pounds, it shall be lawful for either party to the action at any time, if the whole or part of the demand of the plaintiff be contested, to apply to a Judge

Jurisdiction by consent in cases of title.

Cases where defendant may object to action being tried in the court.

No action on judgment.

Jurisdiction by agreement,

Cases where judge of High Court may order action of contract to be tried in a county court.

352

51 & 52 Vict.

Actions of tort in High Court may be remitted to County Court.

Jurisdiction in equity.

Ch. 43. County Courts Act, 1888.

of the High Court at chambers to order such action to be tried in any court in which the action might have been commenced, or in any court convenient thereto; and on the hearing of the application the Judge shall, unless there is good cause to the contrary, order such action to be tried accordingly; and thereupon the plaintiff shall lodge the original writ and the order with the registrar of the court mentioned in the order, who shall appoint a day for the trial of the action, notice whereof shall be sent by post or otherwise by the registrar to both parties or their solicitors, and the action and all proceedings therein shall be tried and taken in such court as if the action had been originally commenced therein; and the costs of the parties in respect of proceedings subsequent to the order of the Judge of the High Court shall be allowed according to the scale of costs for the time being in use in the County Courts, and the costs of the order and all proceedings previously thereto shall be allowed according to the scale of costs for the time being in use in the Supreme Court

66. It shall be lawful for any person against whom an action of tort is brought in the High Court to make an affidavit that the plaintiff has no visible means of paying the costs of the defendant should a verdict be not found for the plaintiff; and thereupon a Judge of the High Court shall have power to make an order that, unless the plaintiff shall, within a time to be therein mentioned, give full security for the defendant’s costs to the satisfaction of one of the masters of the Supreme Court, or satisfy a Judge of the High Court that he has a cause of action fit to be prosecuted in the High Court, all proceedings in the action shall be stayed, or in the event of the plaintiff being unable or unwilling to give such security, or failing to satisfy a Judge as aforesaid, that the action be remitted for trial before a court to be named in the order, and thereupon the plaintiff shall lodge the original writ and the order with the registrar of such court, who shall appoint a day for the trial of the action, notice whereof shall be sent by post or otherwise by the registrar to both parties or their solicitors; and the action and all proceedings therein shall be tried and taken in such court as if the action had originally been commenced therein; and the costs of the parties in respect of the proceedings subsequent to the order of the Judge of the High Court shall be allowed according to the scale of costs for the time being in use in the County Courts, and the costs of the order and all proceedings previously thereto shall be allowed according to the scale of costs for the time being in use in the Supreme Court.

67. The court shall have and exercise all the powers and authority of the High Court in the actions or matters herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,)

1. By creditors, legatees (whether specific, pecuniary, or residuary) devisees (whether in trust or otherwise), heirs-at-law, or next of kin, in which the personal or real or personal and real estate against or for an account or administration of which the demand may be made shall not exceed in amount or value the sum of five hundred pounds:

353

1888. County Courts Act, 1888. Ch. 43.

2. For the execution of trusts in which the trust estate or fund

shall not exceed in amount or value the sum of five hundred pounds:

3. For foreclosure or redemption or for enforcing any charge or

lien, where the mortgage, charge, or lien shall not exceed in amount the sum of five hundred pounds:

4. For specific performance of or for the reforming, delivering

up, or cancelling of any agreement for the sale, purchase, or lease of any property, where in the case of a sale or purchase the purchase money, or in the ease of a lease the value of the property, shall not exceed the sum of five hundred pounds:

5. Under the Trustees Relief Acts, or under the Trustee Acts, or

under any of such Acts, in which the trust estate or fund to which the action or matter relates shall not exceed in amount or value the sum of five hundred pounds:

6. Relating to the maintenance or advancement of infants in which the property of the infant shall not exceed in amount or value the sum of five hundred pounds:

7. For the dissolution or winding up of any partnership in which the whole property, stock, and credits of such partnership shall not exceed in amount or value the sum of five hundred pounds:

8. Actions for relief against fraud or mistake in which the

damage sustained or the estate or fund in respect of which relief is sought shall not exceed in amount or value the sum of five hundred pounds.

In all such actions or matters the judge shall, in addition to the powers and authorities possessed by him, have all the powers and authorities, for the purposes of this Act, of a Judge of the Chancery Division of the High Court; and the treasurer, registrar, and high bailiff respectively shall in all such actions or matters discharge any duties which an officer of the said Division can discharge, either under the order of a Judge of the said Division, or under the practice thereof, and all officers of the courts shall, in discharging such duties, conform to any rules or order ? made in that behalf under this Act.

68. If during the progress of any action or matter under the Transfer to last preceding section it shall be made to appear to the judge that

the subject-matter exceeds the limit in point of amount to which tion exceeding the jurisdiction of the court is therein limited, it shall not affect jurisdiction, the validity of any order already made, but it shall be the duty of the judge to direct the action or matter to be transferred to the Chancery Division of the High Court; and the who'e of the procedure in the said action or matter when so transferred shall be regulated by the rules of the Supreme Court: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any party to apply to a Judge of the said Division at chambers for an order authorising and directing the action or matter to be carried on and prosecuted in the county court, notwithstanding such excess in the amount of the limit to which equitable jurisdiction is given by the said section; and the

354

51 & 52 VICTi

Transfer to county courts of equitable actions or matters.

Trustees may pay trust moneys or transfer stock and securities into county court.

Moneys paid into court in proceedings may be invested in a post office savings bank.

Ch. 43. County Courts, 1888.

Judge, if he shall deem it right to summon the other parties, or any of them, to appear before him for that purpose, after hearing such parties, or on default of the appearance of all or any of them, shall have full power to make such order.

09. "Where any action or matter is pending in the Chancery Division of the High Court which might have been commenced in a court under this Act, it shall be lawful for any of the parties thereto to apply at chambers to the Judge of the said Division to whom the said action or matter is attached to have the same transferred to the court or one of the courts in which the same might have been commenced, and such Judge shall have power upon such application, or without such application, if he shall think fit, to make an order for such transfer, and thereupon such action or matter shall be carried on in the court to which the same shall be ordered to be transferred, and the parties thereto shall have the same right of appeal as they would have had if the action or matter had been commenced in such court.

70. Any moneys, annuities, stocks, or securities vested in any persons as trustees, executors, administrators, or otherwise, upon trusts within the meaning of the Trustees Relief Acts, where the same do not exceed in amount or value the sum of five hundred pounds, upon the filing by such trustees or other persons, or the major part of them, with the registrar of the court within the district of which such persons or any of them shall reside, of an affidavit shortly describing according to the best of their knowledge, the instrument creating the trust, may, in the case of money, be paid into a post office savings bank established in the town in which the court is held, in the name of the registrar of such court, in trust to attend the orders of the court, and upon such persons filing with the registrar the receipt or other document given to them by the officer of the said bank, the registrar shall record the same, and give to them an acknowledgment in such form as may be prescribed, which acknowledgment shall be a sufficient discharge to such persons for the money so paid, and, in the case of stocks or securities, may be transferred or deposited into or in the names of the treasurer and registrars of such court, in trust to attend the orders of the court, and the certificate of the proper officer of the transfer or deposit of such stocks or securities shall be a sufficient discharge to such persons for the stocks or securities so transferred or deposited; and for the above purposes all the power’s and authorities of the High Court shall be possessed and exercised by the courts, and any order made by virtue of such powers and authorities shall fully protect and indemnify all persons acting under or in pursuance of such order.

71. Any money paid into court in the actions or matters mentioned in the last four preceding sections, shall, unless otherwise ordered by the judge, be invested by the registrar in his name as registrar, within forty-eight hours of its payment into court, in a post office savings bank established in the town in which the court is held, without restriction as to amount, and without the declara-

1888. County Cou/rts Act, 1888. Ch. 43. 355

tion required of a depositor in a savings bank; and no part of any money invested in a post office savings bank under this Act shall be paid out to any registrar except upon an authority addressed to the Postmaster General by the Treasury.

Any person deriving any benefit under any moneys paid into a post office savings bank under the provisions of this Act may nevertheless open an account in a post office savings bank, or in any other savings bank, in his own name, without being liable to any penalties imposed by any statute or regulations in respect of the opening of accounts in two savings banks, or of two accounts in the same savings bank.

72. It shall be lawful for any party to an action or matter or Persons qualifier a solicitor being a solicitor acting generally in the action or fied to practise matter for such party, but not a solicitor retained as an advocate before court9-by such first-mentioned solicitor, or for a barrister retained by or on behalf of any party on either side, but without any right of exclusive audience, or by leave of the judge for any other person allowed by the judge to appear instead of any party, to address the court, hut subject to such regulations as the judge may from time to time prescribe for the orderly transaction of the business of the court, the right of a solicitor to address the court shall not be excluded by reason only that he is in the permanent and exclusive employment of any other solicitor. No person other than a solicitor of the Supreme Court shall be entitled to have or recover any fee or reward for appearing or acting on behalf of any other party in any proceeding in the court: provided that nothing in this Act contained shall affect tho right of any barrister at law to appear or act in any court, or of any solicitor of the Supreme Court to recover costs in respect of his employment of a barrister at law to appear or act as aforesaid.

PART IV.

Procedure and Trial.

73. On the application of any person desirous to bring an action Actions by under this Act, the registrar of the court shall enter in a book to plamt* be kept for this purpose in his office a plaint in writing, stating the names and the last known places of abode of the parties, and the substance of the action intended to be brought, every one of which plaints shall be numbered in every year according to the order in which it shall be entered; and thereupon a summons, stating the substance of the action, and bearing the number of the plaint on the margin thereof, shall be issued under the seal of the court, according to such form, and be served on tho defendant so many days before the day on which the court shall be holden at which the action is to be tried, as shall be prescribed, and delivery of such summons to the defendant, or in such other manner as shall be so prescribed, shall be deemed good service; and no misnomer or inaccurate description of any person or place in any such plaint or summons shall vitiate the same, so that the person or place be therein described so as to be commonly known.

356

51 & 52 Vict.

Where action may be commenced.

In what courts proceedings in equity shall be taken.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 60.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 55.

Service of process out of district.

Sen'ice of summons or execution of warrant within 500 yards of district

Proof of service of process by a bailiff.

Ch. 43. Comity Courts Act, 1888.

74. Except where by this Act it is otherwise provided, every action or matter may be commenced in the court within the district of which the defendant or one of the defendants shall dwell or carry on his business at the time of commencing the action or matter, or it may be commenced, by leave of the judge or registrar, in the court within the district of which the defendant or one of the defendants dwelt or carried on business, at any time within six calendar months next before the time of commencement, or, with the like leave in the court in the district of which the cause of action or claim wholly or in part arose.

75. The provisions of the next preceding section shall not apply to any of the following proceedings; but

(1.) Proceedings which relate to the recovery or sale of any mortgage, charge, or lien on lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or to partition, shall be taken iu that court within the districts of which the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any part thereof, are situate:

(2.) Proceedings under the Trustee Acts, 1850 and 1852, shall be taken in the court within the district of which the persons making the application, or any of them, reside or resides:

(3.) Proceedings for the administration of the assets of a deceased person shall be taken in the court within the district of which the deceased person had his last place of abode in England, or in which the executors or administrators, or any one of them, shall have their or his place of abode:

(4.) Proceedings in any partnership case shall be taken in the court within the district of which the partnership business was or is carried on:

Provided that if during the progress of any such proceedings it shall be made to appear to the court that the same could be more conveniently heard in some other court, it shall be competent for the court to transfer the same to such other court, and thereupon the proceeding shall be taken in such other court.

76. Any summons or other process which under this Act shall be required to be served or executed out of the district of the couit from which the same shall have issued, may be served or executed by the bailiff of any court in any part of England, and such service or execution shall be as valid as if the same had been made by the bailiff of the court out of which such summons or other process shall have issued within the jurisdiction of the court for which he acts.

77. Any summons or other process may be served or a warrant executed within five hundred yards of the boundary of the district of the court from which the same issued by the bailiff of such court, or if the judge of such court so orders, by such bailiff within the district of any other court.

78. Where any summons or other process of the court is served by a bailiff of any court, the service may be proved by indorsement on a copy of the summons or process under the hand of such bailiff, showing the fact and mode of the service of such summons or

1888.

<Jh. 43.

357

County Courth, 1888.

process; and any such bailiff wilfully and corruptly endorsing any false statement on the copy of a summons or other process shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and on conviction thereof shall be removed from his office or employment, and shall incur the same penalties as are or may be incurred by persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury.

79. On the return day the plaintiff shall appear, and thereupon Proceedings the defendant shall be required to appear to answer the plaint; Xe ptetot8 and on answer being made in court the judge shall proceed in a summary way to try the action and give judgment, without further pleading or formal joinder of issue.

80. Subject to the power of amendment conferred by this Act, No evidence no evidence of any demand or claim shall be given by the plaintiff (J^ufiiot in on the trial or hearing, except such as shall be stated in the summons, summons or other proceeding under this Act directed to be issued

or taken.

8L It shall not be lawful for any plaintiff to divide any cause of action for the purpose of bringing two or more actions in any of the courts; but any plaintiff having cause of action for more than fifty pounds, for which a plaint might be entered if not for more than fifty pounds, may abandon the excess, and thereupon the plaintiff shall, on proving his case, recover to an amount not exceeding fifty pounds; and the judgment of the court upon such plaint shall be in full discharge of all demands in respect of such cause of action, and entiy of the judgment shall be made accordingly.

82. Subject to the power of amendment conferred by this Act, no defendant shall be allowed to set off or set up by way of counterclaim any debt or demand claimed or recoverable by him from the plaintiff, or to set up by way of defence, and to claim and have the benefit of infancy, coverture, or any statute of limitations, or of his discharge under any statute relating to bankrupts or any Act for relief of insolvent debtors, without the consent of the plaintiff, unless the prescribed notice thereof shall have been given to the registrar; and in every case in which the practice of the court shall require such notice to be given, the registrar of the court shall as soon as conveniently may be after receiving such notice, communicate the same to the plaintiff by post, or by causing the same to be delivered at his usual place of abode or business, but it shall not be necessary for the defendant to prove on the trial that such notice was ominunicated to the plaintiff by the registrar.

Demands not to be divided for the purpose of bringing two or more actions.

Notice of special defences to be given to registrar, who shall communicate same to plaintiff.

83. An affidavit to be used in a court may be sworn before any Before whom judge or registrar, or clerk to the registrar nominated by a judge affidavits may for that purpose, without the payment of any fee, or before any B"orn’ commissioner to administer oaths in the Supreme Court not being

a registrar, or before a justice of the peace.

84. Where a plaintiff shall dwell or carry on business in the

district of the Bloomsbury County Court of Middlesex, or in the dis- metropolis to

trict of the Brompton County C.>urt of Middlesex, or in the district be treated as

one district.

358

Ch. 43.

51 & 52 Vict.

Power to judge to change place of trial.

Default sum* taons and notice of defence.

County Court# Act , 1888.

of the Clerkenwell County Court of Middlesex, or in the district of the Lambeth County Court of Surrey, or in the district of the Marylebone County Court of Middlesex, or in the district of the Shoreditch County Court of Middlesex, or in the district of the Southwark County Court of Surrey, or in the district of the Westminster County Court of Middlesex, or in the district of the Whitechapel County Court of Middlesex, or in the district of the City of London Court, and the defendant shall dwell or carry on business in the district of any of the said courts, the action or matter may be commenced and all proceedings thereon taken and had either in the court of the district in which the plaintiff shall dwell or carry on business, or in the court of the district in which the defendant shall dwell or carry on business.

85. If a judge shall be satisfied by either party to an action or matter pending in his court that such action or matter can be more conveniently or fairly tried or heard in some other court, he shall order that the same be transferred to such other court, or, if the judge shall be interested in any action or matter pending in his court, he shall order that the same be transferred to some convenient court of which he is not the judge, at his discretion; and in either case the registrar of the court in which the action or matter was commenced shall forthwith transmit by post to the registrar of the court to which it is to be sent, a certified copy of all the proceedings therein, and the judge of such last-mentioned court shall appoint a day for the trial or hearing, notice whereof shall be sent, by post or otherwise, by the registrar to all parties interested, and thenceforth all proceedings therein shall be taken in such court as if the action or matter had been commenced therein.

86. — (1.) Subject to any rules and orders under this Act, in any action in a court for a debt or liquidated money demand, the plaintiff may, at his option, cause to be issued a summons in the ordinary form, or (upon filing an affidavit to the effect set forth in the prescribed form) a default summons in the prescribed form or to the prescribed effect, and if such last-mentioned summons be issued it shall be personally served on the defendant, and if the defendant shall not, within eight days after service of the summons, inclusive of the day of service, give notice, by post or otherwise, in writing, signed by himself or his solicitor, to the registrar of the court from which the summons issued, of his intention to defend, the plaintiff may, after eight days and within two months from the day of service, upon proof of service, or of an order for leave to proceed as if personal service had been effected; have judgment entered up against the defendant for the amount of his claim and costs, such costs to be taxed by the registrar.

(2.) The order upon such judgment shall be for payment forthwith or at such time or times, and by such instalments, if any, as the plaintiff, or his solicitor, shall in writing have consented to take at the time of the entry of the plaint or of the judgment.

(3.) Where the defendant shall have given notice of defence the registrar shall, immediately upon the receipt of such notice, send a

1888.

359

County Courts Act, 1888. Ch. 43.

letter to the plaintiff or his solicitor by post, stating therein that the defendant has given such notice and shall send by post to both plaintiff and defendant notice of the day upon which he shall have fixed that the trial shall take place at least six clear days before the day so fixed.

(4.) Where the defendant shall neglect to give such notice the judge or registrar shall, upon an affidavit disclosing a defence upon the merits and satisfactorily explaining his neglect, let in the defendant to defend, upon such terras as he may think just.

(5.) Where personal service cannot be effected, and the judge or registrar is satisfied by affidavit that reasonable efforts have been made to effect such service, and either that the summons has come to the knowledge of the defendant or that he wilfully evades service of the same, it shall be lawful for the judge or registrar to order that the plaintiff be at liberty to proceed as if personal service had been effected, subject to such conditions as he may think just.

(6.) Provided always, that no other summons than a summons in the ordinary form shall, without leave of the judge or registrar, be issued where the amount claimed shall not exceed five pounds, unless the action is for the price, value, or hire of goods which, or some part of which, were sold and delivered or let on hire to the defendant to be used or dealt with in the way of his trade, profession, or calling, and such leave shall be given in the manner prescribed.

87. The judge may at all times amend all defects and errors Amendment in any proceeding in the court, whether there is anything in of proceedings, writing to amend by or not, and whether the defect or error be

that of the party applying to amend, or not; and all such amendments may be made with or without costs, and upon such terms as the judge may think just; and all such amendments as may be necessary for the purpose of determining the real question in controversy between the parties shall be so made, if duly applied for.

88. If upon the return day, or at any continuation or adjourn- Proceedings ment of the court, or of the action or matter, the plaintiff shall not if plaintiff doe* appear, the action or matter shall be struck out; and if he shall provehiTcjwe. appear but shall not make proof of his claim to the satisfaction of

the court, it shall be lawful for the judge to nonsuit the plaintiff’ or to give judgment for the defendant, and in either case where the defendant shall appear* and shall not admit the claim, to award to the defendant, by way of costs and satisfaction for his trouble and attendance, such sum as the judge in his discretion shall think just, and such sum shall be recoverable from the plaintiff by such ways and means as any debt or damage ordered to be paid by the same court can be recovered:Provided always, that if the plaintiff shall not appear when called upon, and the defendant, or some one duly authorised on his behalf, shall appear, and admit the cause of action to the full amount claimed, and pay the fees payable in the first instance by the plaintiff, the judge, if he shall think fit, may proceed to give judgment as if the plaintiff had appeared.

360

Costs of defendant where plaintiff does not appear.

Proceedings before registrar where defendant does not appear.

Trial in absence of defendant.

Where defendant appears and admits the claim.

Ch. 43. County Courts Act, 1888. 5P& 62 Vict.

89. In every case where the plaintiff shall not appear, either in person or by some person duly authorised on his behalf, upon the return day, or at any continuation or adjournment of the court or of the action or matter, and the defendant shall appear either in person or by some person duly authorised on his behalf, it shall be lawful for the court to award to the defendant by way of costs of attendance and satisfaction for his trouble, such sum as the court shall think just; and the sum so awarded shall be recoverable from the plaintiff by such ways and means as any debt or damage ordered to be paid by the court can be recovered.

90. If in any action founded on contract a defendant shall not appear at the hearing, either in person or by some person duly authorised on his behalf, and no sufficient excuse for the defendant’s absence shall be shown, the registrar may, by leave of the judge or in case of the judge’s death or unavoidable absence, upon due proof of the service of the summons and of the debt being due and owing, enter up judgment for the plaintiff, and shall have the same power to make an order for payment by instalments, or to enter up judgment of nonsuit, or to strike out or adjourn the action, as a judge would have; and such judgment shall be as valid as if both parties had attended the court; but the judgment, and any execution thereon, may be set aside by the judge of the court, and a new trial granted upon such terms, if any, as the judge may think just.

91. If on the return day, or at any continuation or adjournment of the court or of the action or matter, the defendant shall not appear either in person or by some person duly authorised on his behalf, or sufficiently excuse his absence, or shall neglect to answer when called in court, the judge, upon due proof of service, may proceed to the triahor hearing on the part of the plaintiff only, and the judgment or order thereupon shall be as valid as if both parties had attended:Provided always, that the judge in any such case, at the same or any subsequent court, may set aside any judgment or order so given or made in the absence of the defendant, and the execution thereupon, and may grant a new trial or hearing, upon such terms, if any, as to payment of costs, giving security or such other terms as he may think just, on sufficient cause shown to him for that purpose.

92. Where a defendant appearing at the hearing, either in person or by some person duly authorised on his behalf, admits the claim, the registrar may, by leave of the judge, or in case of the judge’s death or unavoidable absence, settle the terms and conditions upon which it is to be paid, and enter up judgment accordingly as a judgment of the court. Subject to rules and orders under this Act a registrar may, on the application of the parties and by leave of the judge, hear and determine any disputed claim where the sum claimed or amount involved does not exceed two pounds.

The judge may, after deciding or reserving any question of liability, refer to the registrar any mere matter of account which is in dispute between the parties, and after deciding the question of liability may give judgment on the registrar’s report,

1888.

Ch. 43.

361

County Courts Act, 1888.

93. Every judgment and order of the court, except as in this Judgment* Act provided, shall be final and conclusive between the parties; how far final-but the Court shall have power to nonsuit the plaintiff in every

case in which satisfactory proof shall not be given entitling either the plaintiff or defendant to judgment. The judge shall also in every case whatever have the power, if he shall think just, to order a new trial to be had upon such terms as he shall think reasonable, and in the meantime to stay the proceedings.

94. The bankruptcy of the plaintiff in any action in the court Bankruptcy which the trustee might maintain for the benefit of the creditors, to atetc shall not cause the action to abate if the trustee shall elect to con- if trustee elect* tinue such action, and to give security for the costs thereof, within to continue it. each reasonable time as the judge shall order, but the hearing of

the action may be adjourned until such election is made; and in case the trustee does not elect to continue the action and to give such security within the time limited by the order, the defendant may avail himself of the bankruptcy as a defence to the action.

95. It shall be lawful for any executor or administrator to sue Executors may

and be sued in the court in like manner as if he were a party in 1x5

his own right, and judgment and execution shall be such as in the

like case would be given or issued in the High Court.

96. It shall be lawful for any person under the age of twenty- Minor* may one years to prosecute any action in the court for any sum of8Ue for WR8CB-money not greater than fifty pounds which may be due to him for

wages or piece work, or for work as a servant, in the same manner as if he were of full age.

97. Where any plaintiff shall have any demand recoverable One of several under this Act against two or more persons jointly answerable, it

shall be sufficient if any of such persons be served with process, 1 and judgment may be obtained and execution issued against the person or persons so served, notwithstanding that others jointly liable may not have been served or sued, or may not be within the jurisdiction of the court; and every such person against whom judgment shall have been obtained, and who shall have satisfied such judgment, shall be entitled to demand and recover in the court contribution from any other person jointly liable with him.

98. Any person agaiost whom a plaint shall be entered in any Confeiou of court may, if he think fit, whether he be summoned upon such plaint or not, in the presence of any registrar, registrar’s clerk, or and judgment solicitor, sign a statement confessing and admitting the amount of thereupon, the debt or demand, or part of the amount of the debt or demand, for which such plaint shall have been entered; and it shall be the duty of the registrar of the court in which the plaint was entered, as soon as conveniently may lie after leceiving such statement, to send notice thereof to the plaintiff by post, or by causing the same to be delivered at his usual place of abode or business, and thereupon it shall not be necessary for the said plaintiff to prove the debt or demand so confessed and admitted as aforesaiJ; but the court, at the next sitting thereof, whether the parties or either of

362

Ch. 43.

Agreement as to amount of debt, and conditions of payment.

Judge alone to determine all questions, unless a jury bo summoned.

Trial with jury when parties require it.

County Courts Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

them attend such court or not, shall, upon proof by affidavit of the signature of the party, if such statement was not made in the presence of a registrar, or one of his clerks, enter up judgment for the debt or demand so confessed and admitted.

99. If the person against whom a plaint shall be entered in a court can agree with the person on whose behalf such plaint shall have been entered upon the amount of the debt or demand in respect of which such plaint shall have been entered, and upon the terms and conditions upon which the same shall be paid and satisfied, it shall be lawful for such persons respectively, in the presence of the registrar of the court in which such plaint shall have been entered, or one of his clerks, or in the presence of a solicitor, to sign a statement of the amount of the debt or demand so agreed upon between such persons respectively, and of the terms and conditions upon which the same shall be paid or satisfied, and such registrar shall receive such statement, and shall thereupon, upon proof by affidavit of the signatures ‘of the parties, if such statement was not signed in the presence of the registrar, or one of his clerks, enter up judgment for the* plaintiff for the amount of the debt or demand so agreed on, and upon the terms and conditions mentioned in such statement; and such judgment shall to all intents and purposes be the same and have the same effect, and shall be enforced and enforceable in the same manner as if it had been a judgment of the judge of the said'court.

100. The judge shall be the sole judge in all actions brought in the court, and shall determine all questions as well of fact as of law, unless a jury shall be summoned as herein-after mentioned.

101. In all actions where the amount claimed shall exceed five pounds, it shall be lawful for the plaintiff or defendant to require a jury to be summoned to try the said action, unless the action is of the nature of the causes or matters assigned to the Chancery Division of the High Court of Justice; and in all actions where the amount claimed shall not exceed five pounds, it shall be lawful for the judge in his discretion, on the application of either of the parties, to order that such action be tried by a jury; and in every case such jury shall be summoned according to the provisions in this Act contained:The party requiring a jury to be summoned shall give to the registrar of the court, or leave at his office, such notice thereof as shall be prescribed; and the said registrar shall cause notice of such demand of a jury, made either by the plaintiff or defendant, to be communicated to the other party to the said action, either by post or by causing the same to be delivered at his usual place of abode or business, but it shall not be necessary for either party to prove on the trial that such notice was communicated to the other party by the registrar. Every party requiring a jury to be summoned shall, at the time of giving the said notice, and before he shall be entitled to have such jury summoned, pay to the registrar of the court the sum of five shillings for payment of the jury, and such sum shall be considered as costs in the action, unless otherwise ordered by the judge. Whenever it is required

1888.

363

County Courts , 1888. Ch. 43.

that a jury should be summoned for the trial of any matter arising out of the jurisdiction given to the court by section sixty-seven of this Act, the jury shall be summoned from the list of jurors in the possession of the registrar of the court in which the action or matter was commenced.

102. The sheriff of every county, and the high bailiffs of Westminster and Southwark, shall cause to be delivered to the registrar of the court a list of persons qualified and liable to serve as jurors in the courts of assize and nisi prius for their county, city, and borough respectively, within fourteen days from the receipt of the jury book from the clerk of the peace of the county or other officer, each list containing only the names of persons residing within the jurisdiction of the court, for which list the said sheriffs and high bailiffs shall be entitled to receive a fee after the rate of twopence for every folio of seventy-two words; and whenever a jury shall be required the registrar of the court shall cause so many of the persons named in the list as shall be prescribed, to be summoned to attend the court at a time and place to be mentioned in the summons, and shall administer, or cause to be administered, to such of them as shall be impanelled, an oath to give true verdicts according to the evidence; and the persons so summoned shall attend at the court at the time mentioned in the summons, and in default of attendance shall forfeit such sum of money as the judge shall direct, not being more than five pounds for each default; and the delivery of such summons to the person whose attendance is required on such jury, or delivery thereof to his wife or servant, or any inmate at his usual place of abode, trading, or dealing, shall be deemed good service:Provided always, that no person shall be summoned or compelled to serve on such juiy more than twice within 0D6 year, or who shall have been summoned and shall have attended upon any jury for the same county at the assizes, or any court of nisi prius, or at the central criminal court within six months next before the delivery of such summons. Whenever there are any jury trials five jurymen shall be impanelled and sworn, as occasion shall require, to give their verdicts in the actions which shall be brought before them in the said court, and being once sworn shall not need to be re-sworn in each trial; and either of the parties to any such action shall be entitled to his lawful challenge against all or any of the said jurors in like manner as he would be entitled in the High Court; and the jurymen so sworn shall be required to give an unanimous verdict.

103. In any action or matter it shall be lawful for the judge if he think fit, on the application of either party, to summon to his assistance, in such manner as may be prescribed, one or more persons of skill and experience in the matter to which the action or matter relates, who may be willing to sit with the judge and act as assessors; and their remuneration for so sitting shall be at such rate as may be prescribed, and shall be costs in the action or matter, unless otherwise ordered by the judge; but, where any person is proposed to be summoned as an assessor, objection to him, either

Who shall be jurors, and their number.

Appointment of assessors.

364

Actions may be settled by arbitration.

Where judgment docs not exceed 20/., court may order payment by instalments. In other cases consent of plaintiffs necessary.

Judge may grant time.

Defendant may pay money into court; notice to be given to plaintiff.

Ch. 43. County Courts Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

personally or in respect of his qualification, may be taken by either party in the prescribed manner.

104. The judge may in any case, with the consent of both parties to the action, order the same, with or without other matters within the jurisdiction of the court in dispute between such parties, to be referred to arbitration, to such person or persons and in such manner, and on such terms ns he shall think reasonable and just; and such reference shall not be revocable by either party, except by consent of the judge; and the award of the arbitrator or arbitrators, or umpire, shall be entered as the judgment in the action, and shall be as binding and effectual to all intents as if given by the judge:Provided that the judge may, if he think fit, on application to him at the first court held after the expiration of one week after the entry of such award, set aside any such award so given as aforesaid, or may, with the consent of both parties aforesaid, revoke the reference, or order another reference to be made in the manner aforesaid.

105. Where judgment has been obtained for a sum not exceeding twenty pounds, exclusive of costs, the court may order such sum and the costs to be paid at such time or times, and by such instalments, if any, as it shall think fit, and all such moneys shall be paid into court; but in all other cases the full amount for which judgment has been obtained shall be ordered to be paid either forthwith or within fourteen clear days from the date of the judgment, unless the plaintiff, or his counsel, solicitor, or agent, will consent that the same shall be paid by instalments, in which case the court shall order the same to be paid at such time or times, and by such instalments, if any, as shall be consented to; and all such moneys, whether payable in one sum or by instalments, shall be paid into court.

106. The judge may in any case make orders for granting time to the plaintiff or defendant to proceed in the prosecution or defence of the action or matter, and also may from time to time adjourn any court, or the hearing or further hearing of any action or matter, in such maoner as the judge may think fit.

107. It shall be lawful for the defendant in any action or matter within such time as shall be prescribed, to pay into court such sum of money as he shall think a full satisfaction for the demand of tho plaintiff, together with the costs incurred by the plaintiff up to the time of such payment; and notice of such payment shall be communicated by the registrar to the plaintiff by post, or by causing the same to be delivered at his usual place of abode or business; and the said sum of money shall be paid to the plaintiff; but if the plaintiff shall elect to proceed, and shall recover no further sum in the action or matter than shall have been so paid into court, he shall pay to the defendant the costs incurred by him in the said action or matter after such payment; and such costs shall be settled by the court, and an order shall thereupon be made by the court for the payment of such costs by the plaintiff.

1888.

Ch. 43.

365

County Courts Act, 1888.

108. Where a party is required to give security, such security How securities shall be at the cost of the party giving it, and in the form of a he Pven bond, with sureties, to the other party or intended party in the

action or matter: Provided always, that the court in which any action on the bond shall be brought may by order give such relief to the obligors as may be just, and such order shall have the effect of a defeasance of such bond.

109. Where a party is required to give security, he may in lieu where security thereof deposit with the registrar, if the security is required to be " required to given in the court, or with a master of tho Supreme Court if the

security is required to be given in the High Court, a sum equal in money may be amount to the sum for which he would be required to give security, "ad "lieu together with a memorandum, to be approved of by such registrar 1 ereo’or master, and to be signed by such party, his solicitor or agent, setting forth the conditions on which such money is deposited, and the registrar or master shall give to the party paying a written acknowledgment of such payment; and the judge of the county court, when the money shall have been deposited in such court, or a Judge of the High Court when the money shall have been deposited in the High Court, may, on the same evidence as would be required to enforce or avoid such bond as in the last preceding section is mentioned, order such sum so deposited to be paid out to such party or parties as he shall think just.

110. Either of the parties to any action or matter may obtain Service of from the registrar summonses to witnesses, with or without a summonses clause requiring the production of books, deeds, papers, and others, writings in the possession or control of the person summoned as

a witness; and such summonses, and any summonses which are now or may be required to be served personally, may, under such regulations as may be prescribed, be served by a bailiff of the court or otherwise.

111. Every person summoned as a witness, either personally or Penalty on in such other manner as shall be prescribed, to whom at the same

time payment or a tender of payment of his expenses shall have summons? been made on the prescribed scale of allowances, and who shall refuse or neglect, without sufficient cause, to appear, or to produce any books, papers, or writings required by such summons to be produced, or who shall refuse to be sworn or give evidence, and also every person present in court who shall be required to give evidence, and who shall refuse to be sworn or give evidence, shall forfeit and pay such fine, not exceeding ten pounds, as the judge shall direct; and the whole or any part of such fine, in the discretion of the judge, after deducting the costs, shall be applicable towards indemnifying the party injured by such refusal or neglect, and the remainder thereof shall be accounted for by the registrar to the treasurer.

112. A judge in any case where he shall think fit, upon applica- Judge may tion on an affidavit by either party, may issue an order under his

hand and the seal of the court for bringing up before such court a°prisonertoUP any prisoner or person confined in any gaol, prison, or place, under give evidence.

366

Ch. 43.

County Court* Act, 1888.

51 & 52 Vict.

Coats to abide the event.

Court may award costs where action or matter is struck out for want of jurisdiction.

No second action for same cause.

Treble costs.

Costs when not recoverable in High Court.

any sentence or under commitment for trial or otherwise, except under process in any civil action, or matter, to be examined as a witness in any action or matter depending or to be inquired of or determined in or before such court; and the person required by any such warrant or order to be brought before the court shall be so brought under the same care and custody, and be dealt with in like manner in all respects as a prisoner required by any writ of habeas corpus awarded by the High Court to be brought before such court to be examined as a witness in any action or matter pending before such court is by law required to be dealt with: Provided always, that the person having the custody of such prisoner or person shall not be bound to obey such order unless a tender be made to him of a reasonable sum for the conveyance and maintenance of a proper officer or officers and of the prisoner or person in going to* remaining at, and returning from such court.

113. All the costs of any action or matter in the court, not herein otherwise provided for, shall be paid by or apportioned between the parties in such manner as the court shall think just, and in default of any special direction shall abide the event of the action or matter, and execution may issue for the recovery of any such costs in like manner as for any debt adjudged in the said court.

114. Whenever an action or matter is commenced over which the court has no jurisdiction, the judge shall, unless the parties consent to the court having jurisdiction, order it to be struck out, and shall have power to award costs in the same manner, to the same extent, and recoverable in the same manner, as if the court had jurisdiction therein, and the plaintiff had not appeared, or had appeared and failed to prove his demand or complaint.

115. If any party shall sue another in any court for any debt or other cause of action for which he has already sued him and obtained judgment in any other court, proof of such former action having been brought and judgment obtained may be given, and the party so sueing shall nob be entitled to recover in such second action, and shall be adjudged to pay three times the costs of such second action to the opposite party.

116. With respect to any action brought in the High Court which could have been commenced in a county court, the following provisions shall apply:—

1. If in an action founded on contract the plaintiff shall recover

a sum less than twenty pounds, he shall not be entitled to any costs of the action, and if he shall recover a sum of twenty pounds or upwards, but less than fifty pounds, he shall not be entitled to any more costs than he would have been entitled to if the action had been brought in a county court; and

2. If in an action founded on tort the plaintiff shall recover a sum

iess than ten pounds, he shall not be entitled to any costs of the action; and, if he shall recover a sum of ten pounds or upwards, but less than twenty pounds, he shall not Ik>

1888.

County Courts Act, 1888. Ch. 43.

367

entitled to any more costs than he would have been entitled to if the action had been brought in a county court; unless in any such action, whether founded on contract or on tort, a Judge of the High Court certifies that there was sufficient reason for bringing the action in that Court, or unless the High Court or a Judge thereof at Chambers shall by order allow costs. Provided that, if in any action founded on contract the plaintiff shall within twenty-one days after the service of the writ, or within such further time as may be ordered by the High Court or a judge thereof, obtain an order under order fourteen of the Rules of the Supreme Court empowering him to enter judgment for a sum of twenty pounds or upwards, he shall be entitled to costs according to the scale for the time being in use in the Supreme Court.

117. Where any action shall be brought in any other court than Costs of action the High Court which could have been brought in a county court, bought else-and the verdict recovered is for a less sum than ten pounds, the ^ountycourt? plaintiff shall not recover from the defendant a greater amount

of costs than he would have been allowed if the action had been brought in a county court.

118. All costs and charges between party and party shall be Costs of soli-taxed by the registrar of the court in which such costs and charges citor to were incurred, but his taxation may be reviewed by the judge on the application of either party, and no costs or charges shall be allowed on such taxation which are not sanctioned by the scale then in force. All costs and charges between solicitor and client shall, on the application either of the solicitor or client, but not otherwise, be taxed by the registrar of the court in which such costs and charges were incurred, but his taxation may be reviewed by the judge on the application of either party, and no costs or charges shall be allowed on such taxation which are not sanctioned by the scale then in force, unless the registrar shall be satisfied that the client has agreed in writing to pay them, in which case they may be allowed; and no solicitor shall have a right to recover from his client any such costs or charges unless they shall have been allowed on taxation.

119. The judge may award costs on any scale higher than that Costa on which would be otherwise applicable to the plaintiff on any amount h, 8her "k* recovered, however small, or to a defendant who successfully defends an action brought for any amount, however small, provided that the said judge certifies in writing that the action involved some novel or difficult point of law, or that the question litigated was of importance to some class or body of persons, or of general or public interest.

PART V.

Appeals, &c.

120. If any party in any action or matter shall be dis-satisfied Parties ag-with the determination or direction of the judge in point of law

368

51 & 52 Vict.

notice of motion.

Procedure on appeal.

Jurisdiction of High Court.

Parties may agree not to appeal.

Ho appeal allowed except as in this Act mentioned.

Ch. 43. County Court* Act, 1888.

or equity, or upon the admission or rejection of any evidence, the party aggrieved by the judgment, direction, decision, or order of the judge may appeal from the same to the High Court, in such manner and subject to such conditions as may be for the time being provided by the rules of the Supreme Court regulating the procedure on appeals from inferior courts to the High Court; Provided always, that there shall be no appeal in any action of contract or tort, other than an action of ejectment or an action in which the title to any corporeal or incorporeal hereditament shall have con e in question, where the debt or damage claimed does not exceed twenty pounds, nor in any action of replevin, where the amount of rent or the damage or value of the goods seized does not exceed twenty pounds, nor in any action for the recovery of tenements where the yearly rent or value of the premises does not exceed twenty pounds, nor in proceedings in interpleader where the money claimed or the value of the goods or chattels claimed, or of the proceeds thereof, does not exceed twenty pounds, unless the judge shall think it reasonable and proper that such appeal should be allowed, and shall grant leave to appeal. At the trial or hearing of any action or matter, in which there is a right of appeal, the judge, at the request of either party, shall make a note of any question of law raised at such trial or hearing, and of the facts in evidence in relation thereto, and of his decision thereon, and of his decision of the action or matter.

121. In any action or matter in which there is a right of appeal, and the judge has at the request of either party made a note of any question of law raised at such trial or hearing, and of the facts in evidence in relation thereto, and of his decision thereon, and of his decision of the action or matter, he shall at the expense of any per3on or pers ns being party or parties in any such action or matter, furnish a copy of the note so taken at the said trial or hearing, or allow a copy to be taken of the same, by or on behalf of such person or persons, and he shall sign such copy, whether a notice of motion in the matter of the said appeal has been served or not, and the copy so signed shall be used and received at the hearing of such appeal.

122. On the hearing of an appeal the High Court shall have power to draw any inference of fact, and may either order a new trial on such terms as the court shall think just, or may order judgment to be entered for any party, as the case may be, or may make a final or ether order on such terms as the High Court may think proper to ensure the determination on the merits of the real questions in contrwveisy between the parties.

123. No appeal shall lie from the decision of the judge, if before such decision is pronounced the parties shall agree, in writing signed by themselves or their solicitors or agents, that his decision shall be final, and no such agreement shall require a stamp.

124. No judgment or order of any judge, nor any action or matter brought before him or pending in his court, shall be removed by appeal, motion, certiorari, or otherwise, into any other

369

1888. Cou/nty Courts Act, 1888. Ch. 43.

court whatever, save and except in the manner and according to the provisions in this Act mentioned.

125. Where an admiralty action has been heard in the court with the assistance of nautical assessors, elder brethren of the Trinity House shall be summoned to assist on the hearing of an appeal by the High Court if either party shall require the same, and the High Court shall be of opinion that the assistance of the elder brethren is necessary or desirable.

120. It shall be lawful for the High Court or a Judge thereof to order the removal into the High Court, by writ of certiorari or otherwise, of any action or matter commenced in the court under the provisions of this Act, if the High Court or a Judge thereof shall deem it desirable that the action or matter shall be tried in the High Court, and upon such terms as to payment of costs, giving security, or otherwise as the High Court or a Judge thereof shall think fit to impose.

127. It shall be lawful for any Judge of the High Court, as well during the sittings as in vacation, to hear and determine applications for writs of prohibition to any court and to make such orders for the issuing of such writs as might have been made by the High Court, and all such orders so made by any such Judge of the High Court shall have the same force and effect as heretofore.

128. When an application shall be made to the High Court or a Judge thereof for a writ of prohibition addressed to any court, the matter shall be finally disposed of by order, and no declaration or further proceedings in prohibition shall be allowed. Upon any such application the judge of the court shall not be served with notice thereof, and shall not, except by the order of a Judge of the High Court, be required to appear or be heard thereon, and shall not, except by such order, be liable to any order for the payment of the costs thereof; but the application shall be proceeded with and heard in the same manner in all respects as any case of an appeal duly brought from a decision of a judge; and notice thereof shall be given to or served upon the same parties as in any case of an order made or refused by a judge in a matter within his jurisdiction, as the case may be.

129. The grant by the High Court, or by any Judge thereof, of an order or summons to show cause why a writ of certiorari or prohibition should not issue to any court shall, if the High Court or a Judge thereof so direct, operate as a stay of proceedings in the action or matter to which the same shall relate, until the determination of an order or summons, or until such High Court or Judge thereof shall otherwise order; and the judge shall from time to time adjourn the trial of such action or matter to such day as he shall think fit, until such determination, or until such order be made; but if a copy of such order or summons shall not be served by the party who obtained it on the opposite party and on the registrar two clear days before the day fixed for the trial of the action or matter, the judge may, in his discretion, order the party

Assessors on appeal.

Where action may be removed on security given.

Judge of High Court may hear applications for prohibition.

Prohibition finally disposed of by order.

Order to show cause as to certiorari or prohibition a stay of proceedings if High Court so direct.

370

Ch. 43.

Costs of certiorari or prohibition if not sent to registrar.

Order in lieu of mandamus.

No judge to grant writ or order once refused.

Actions of replevin may be brought by piaint.

Registrar to grant replevins.

County Courts, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

who obtained the order or summons to pay all the costs of the day, or so much thereof ns he may think fit, unless the High Court or a Judge thereof shall have made some order respecting such costs.

130. Where a writ of certiorari or of prohibition to a court shall have been granted by the High Court or a Judge thereof on an ex parte application, and the party who obtained it shall not lodge it with the registrar, and give notice to the opposite party that it has issued, two clear days before the day fixed for the trial of the action or mutter to which it shall relate, the judge may, in his discretion, order the party who obtained the writ to pay all the costs of the day, or so much thereof as he shall think fit, unless the High Court or a Judge thereof shall have made some order respecting such costs.

131. No writ of mandamus shall issue to a judge or an officer of the court for refusing to do any act relating to the duties of his office, but any party requiring such act to be done may apply to the High Court, upon an affidavit of the facts, for an order or summons calling upon such judge or officer of the court, and also the party to be affected by such act, to show cause why such act should not be done; and if after the service of such order or summons good cause shall not be shown, the High Court may, by order, direct the act to be done, and the judge or officer of the court, upon being served with such order, shall obey the same on pain of attachment; and, in any event, the High Court may make such order with respect to costs as to it shall seem fit.

132. When the High Court or a Judge thereof shall have refused to grant a writ of certiorari or prohibition to a court, or any such order as in the last preceding section mentioned, no other Court or Judge shall grant such writ or order; but nothing herein shall affect the right of appealing from the decision of the Judge of the High Court to the High Court itself, or prevent a second application being made for such writ or order to the High Court or a Judge thereof on grounds different from those on which the first application was founded.

PART VI.

Replevin; Recovery of Tenements.

133. All actions of replevin which shall be brought in the court, shall be brought by plaint, and in every such action the plaint shall be entered in the court of the district where the goods were seized.

134. The sheriff shall have no powers and responsibilities with respect to replevin bonds and replevins; but the registrar of the court of the district in which any goods subject to replevin shall be taken, shall be empowered, subject to the regulations hereinafter contained, to approve of replevin bonds, and to grant replevins, and to issue all necessary process in relation thereto, and such process shall be executed by the bailiff. Such registrar shall,

1888.

371

County Courts Act, 1888. Ch. 43.

at the instance of the party whose goods shall have been seized, cause the same to be replevied to such party, on his giving one or other of such securities as are mentioned in the next two succeeding sections.

135. Where a replevisor shall wish to commence proceedings in Conditions of the High Court he shall, at the time of replevying, give security, sVcuri!y to to be approved of by the registrar in the last preceding section S^ie^nT* mentioned, for such an amount as such registrar shall deem sufficient commenced in to cover the alleged rent or damage, or if the goods replevied have H, gh Court* been seized otherwise than under colour of distress the value of the

goods, and in either case the probable costs of the action in the High Court, conditioned to commence an action of replevin against the seizor in the High Court, within one week from the date thereof, and to prosecute such action with effect and without delay, and unless judgment thereon be obtained by default, to prove before the High Court that he had good ground for believing either that the title to some corporeal or incorporeal hereditament, the rent or value whereof exceeded twenty pounds by the year, or to some toll, market, fair, or franchise, was in question, or that 6uch rent or damage, or the value of the goods seized, exceeded twenty pounds, and to make return of the goods if a return thereof shall be adjudged.

136. If a replevisor shall wish to commence proceedings in a Conditions of County Court, he shall at the time of replevying give security, security to be to be approved of by the registrar, for such an amount as such ^levin en registrar shall deem sufficient to cover the alleged rent or damage brought in

in respect of which the distress shall have been made, or if the County Court.

goods replevied have been seized otherwise than under colour of

distress the value of the goods, and in either case the probable

costs of the action, conditioned to commence an action of replevin

against the seizor in the court of the district in which the goods

shall have been seized, within one month from the date of the

security, and to prosecute such action with effect and without delay,

and to make a return of the goods if a return thereof shall be

adjudged.

137. Any action of replevin brought in the court shall be Replevins shall removed into the High Court by writ of certiorari, if the defen- at ins^nce of dant shall apply to the High Court or to a Judge thereof for such removed1 into writ, and shall give security, to be approved of by a master of the High Court Supreme Court, for such amount, not exceeding one hundred and ^cc^PQran fifty pounds, as such master shall think fit, conditioned to defend c

such action with effect, and unless the replevisor shall discontinue or shall not prosecute such action, or shall become nonsuit therein, to prove before the High Court that the defendant had good ground for believing, either that the title to some corporeal or incorporeal hereditament, the rent or value whereof exceeded twenty pounds by the year, or to some toll, market, fair, or franchise, was in question, or that the rent or damage in respect of which the distress shall have been taken or the value of the goods seized exceeded twenty pounds.

372

Possession of small tenements may be recovered in County Courts by landlords where term has expired or been determined by notice.

CH. 43.

County Cowris Act, 1888.

51 & 52 Yicrr.

Possession of small tenements may be recovered in the court by landlords for nonpayment of rent.

138. When the term and interest of the tenant of any corporeal hereditament, where neither the value of the premises nor the rent payable in respect thereof shall have exceeded fifty pounds by the year, and upon which no fine or premium shall have been duly paid, shall have expired, or shall have been determined either by the landlord or the tenant by notice to quit, and such tenant, or any person holding or claiming by, through, or under him, shall neglect or refuse to deliver up possession accordingly, the landlord may enter a plaint, at his option, either against such tenant, or against such person so neglecting or refusing, in the court of the district in which the premises lie, for the recovery of the same, and thereupon a summons shall issue to such tenant or such person so neglecting or refusing; and if the defendant shall not at the time named in the summons, show good cause to the contrary, then, on proof of his still neglecting or refusing to deliver up possession of the premises, and of the yearly value and rent of the premises, and of the holding, and of the expiration or other determination of the tenancy, with the time and manner thereof, and of the title of the plaintiff, if such title has accrued since the letting of the premises, and of the service of the summons, if the defendant shall not appear thereto, the judge may order that possession of the premises mentioned in the plaint be given by the defendant to the plaintiff, either forthwith or on or before such day as the judge shall think fit to name; and if such order be not obeyed, the registrar, whether such order can be proved to have been served or not, shall, at the instance of the plaintiff, issue a warrant authorising and requiring the bailiff of the court to give possession of such premises to the plaintiff. In any such plaint against a tenant, the plaintiff may add a claim for rent or mesne profits, or both, down to the day appointed for the hearing, or to any preceding day named in the plaint, so as the same shall not exceed fifty pounds.

139. When the rent of any corporeal hereditament, where neither the value of the premises nor the rent payable in respect thereof exceeds fifty pounds by the year, shall for one half-year be in arrear, and the landlord shall have right by law to re-enter for the nonpayment thereof, he may, without any formal demand or re-entry, enter a plaint in the court of the district in which the premises lie, for the recovery of the premises, and thereupon a summons shall issue to the tenant, the service whereof shall stand in lieu of a demand and re-entry; and if the tenant shall, five dear days before the return day of such summons, pay into court all the rent in arrear and the costs, the action shall cease; but if he shall not make such payment, and shall not at the time named in the summons show good cause why the premises should not be recovered, then, on proof of the yearly value and rent of the premises, and of the fact that one half-year’s rent was in arrear before the plaint was entered, and that no sufficient distress was then to be found on the premises to countervail such arrear, and of the landlord’s power to re-enter, and of the rent being still in arrear, and of the title of the plaintiff if such title has accrued since the letting of the

1888.

373

County Cowrts Act, 1888. Ch. 43.

premises, and of the service of the summons if the defendant shall not appear thereto, the judge may order possession of the premises mentioned in the plaint to be given by the defendant to the plaintiff on or before such day, not being less than four weeks from the day of hearing, as the judge shall think fit to name, unless within that period all the rent in arrear and the costs are paid into court, and if such order be not obeyed, and such rent and costs are not so paid, the registrar shall, whether such order can be proved to have been served or not, at the instance of the plaintiff, issue a warrant authorising and requiring the bailiff of the court to give possession of such premises to the plaintiff, and the plaintiff shall, from the time of the execution of such warrant, hold the premises discharged of the tenancy, and the defendant and all persons claiming by, through, or under him, shall, so long as the order of the court remains unreversed, be barred from all relief.

140. Where any summons for the recovery of a tenement as is herein-before specified shall be served on or come to the knowledge of any sub-tenant of the plaintiff's immediate tenant, such subtenant being an occupier of the whole or of a part of the premises sought to be recovered, he shall forthwith give notice thereof to his immediate landlord, under penalty of forfeiting three years rack-rent of the premises held by such sub-tenant to such landlord, to be recovered, whatever the amount thereof, by such landlord by action in the court from which such summons shall have issued, and such landlord, on the receipt of such notice, if not originally a defendant, may be added or substituted as a defendant to defend possession of the premises in question.

141. A summons for the recovery of a tenement may be served like ordinary summonses to appear to plaints in the court, and if the defendant cannot be found, and his place of dwelling shall either not be known, or admission thereto cannot be obtained for serving any such summons, a copy of the summons shall be posted on some conspicuous part of the premises sought to be recovered, and such posting shall be deemed good service on the defendant.

142. Any warrant to a bailiff to give possession of a tenement shall justify the bailiff named therein in entering upon the premises named therein, with such assistants as he shall deem necessary, and in giving possession accordingly; but no entry upon any such warrant shall be made except between the hours of nine in the morning and four in the afternoon.

143. Every such warrant shall, on whatever day it may be issued, bear date on the day next after the last day named by the judge in his order for the delivery of possession of the premises in question, and shall continue in force from three months from such date and no longer, but no order for delivery of possession need be drawn up or served.

144. It shall not be lawful to bring any action or prosecution against the judge or against the registrar of the court by whom such warrant as aforesaid shall have been issued, or against any bailiff or other person by whom such warrant may be executed or

Sub-tenant served with summons to recover possession must give notice to his immediate landlord, who may come in and defend.

In plaints to recover possession of premises, how summonses may be served.

Warrants to high bailiffs sufficient to justify them for entering on premises.

Such warrants to be in force for three months from the day named for delivering possession.

Judges, registrars, bailiffs, or other officers not liable to actions on

374

51 & 52 Vict.

account of

proceedings

taken.

Where landlord has a lawful title, he shall not be deemed a trespasser by reason of irregularity.

Court may award execution against goods.

What goods may be taken in execution.

Ch. 43. Comity Courts Act, 1888.

summons affixed, for issuing such warrant, or executing the same respectively, or affixing such summons, by reason that the person by whom the same shall be 6ued out had not lawful right to the possession of the premises.

145. Where the landlord at the time of applying for such warrant as aforesaid had lawful right to the possession of the premises, or of the part thereof so held over as aforesaid, neither the said landlord nor his agent, nor any other person acting in his behalf, shall be deemed to be a trespasser by reason merely of any irregularity or informality in the mode of proceeding for obtaining possession under the authority of this Act, but the party aggrieved may, if he think fit, bring an action for such irregularity or informality, in which the damage alleged to be sustained thereby shall be specially laid, and may recover full satisfaction for such special damage with costs of the action: Provided that if the special damage so laid be not proved, the defendant shall be entitled to a verdict, and that if proved, but assessed at any sum not exceeding five shillings, the plaintiff shall recover no more costs than damages, unless the judge before whom the trial shall have been held shall certify that in his opinion full casts ought to be allowed.

PART VII.

Execution; Commitment.

148. Whenever the court shall have given or made a judgment or order for the payment of money, the amount may be recoverable, in case of default or failure of payment thereof forthwith, or at the time or times and in the manner thereby directed, by execution against the goods and chattels of the party against whom such judgment or order shall be given or made; and the registrar, at the request of the party prosecuting such judgment or order, shall issue under the seal of the court a warrant of execution in the nature of a writ of fieri facias to the high bailiff of the court, who, by such warrant, shall be empowered to levy, or cause to be levied, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels wheresoever they may be found within the district of the court, whether within liberties or without, such sum of money as shall be so ordered, and also the costs of the execution; and all constables and other peace officers within their several jurisdictions shall aid in the execution of every such warrant. The precise time when an application shall be made to a registrar to issue a warrant against the goods of a party shall be entered by him in the execution book and on the warrant; and when more than one such warrant shall be delivered to the high bailiff to be executed, he shall execute them in the order of the times so entered.

147. Every bailiff or officer executing any process of execution issuing out of the court against the goods and chattels of any person may by virtue thereof seize and take any of the goods and* chattels of such person (excepting the wearing apparel and bedding of such person or his family, and the tools and implements of his trade, to the value of five pounds, which shall to that extent be protected

1888.

Ch. 43.

375

County Courts Act, 1888.

from such seizure), and may also seize and take any money or bank notes (whether of the Bank of England or of any other bank), and any cheques, bills of exchange, promissory notes, bonds, specialties, or securities for money, belonging to any such person against whom any such execution shall have issued as aforesaid.

148. The high bailiffs shall hold any cheques, bills of exchange, Securities promissory notes, bonds, specialties, or other securities for money

which shall have been seized or taken under the last preceding bailiff^ g section, as a security for the amount directed to be levied by such execution, or so much thereof as shall not have been otherwise levied or raised, for the benefit of the plaintiff; and the plaintiff may sue in the name of the defendant, or in the name of any person in whose name the defendant might have sued, for the recovery of the sum or sums secured or made payable thereby, when the time of payment thereof shall have arrived.

149. If the court shall have made any order for payment of any Execution sum of money by instalments, execution upon such order shall not

issue against the party until after default in payment of some may issue for instalment according to such order, and execution or successive whole sum. executions may then issue for the whole of the said sum of money and costs then remaining unpaid, or for such portion thereof as the court shall order, either at the time of making the original order, or at any subsequent time.

150. If there shall be cross judgments between the parties, Cross judg-execution shall be taken out by that party only who shall have ment*' obtained judgment for the larger sum, and for so much only as

shall remain after deducting the smaller sum, and satisfaction for the remainder shall be entered, as well as satisfaction on the judgment for the smaller sum; and if both sums shall be equal, satisfaction shall be entered upon both judgments.

151. If a judge of the High Court shall be satisfied that a party Judgment may against whom judgment for an amount exceeding twenty pounds, exclusive of costs, has been obtained in a County Court, has no J$, urt if goods or chattels which can be conveniently taken to satisfy such are no goods judgment, he may, if he shall think fit, and on such terms as to *°Jgr^ken costs as he may direct, order a writ of certiorari to issue to remove

the judgment of the County Court into the High Court, and when removed it shall have the same force and effect, and the same proceedings may be had thereon, as in the case of a judgment of the High Court; but no action shall be brought upon such judgment.

152. When a writ against the goods of a party has issued from Priority of the High Court, and a warrant against the goods of the same party

has issued from a County Court, the right to the goods seized shall Hig^SoTrt ami be determined by the priority of the time of the delivery of the county court, writ to the sheriff to be executed, or of the application to the registrar for the issue of the warrant to be executed; and the sheriff, on demand, shall, by writing signed by any clerk in the office of the under-sherift’, inform the high bailiff of the precise time of such delivery of the writ, and the bailiff, on demand, shall

376

Ch. 43.

Cov/nty Ccnirts Act, 1888.

51 & 52 Vict.

in certain cases.

Regulating the sale of goods taken in execution.

show his warrant to any sheriff’s officer, and such writing purporting to be so signed, and the endorsement on the warrant, shall respectively be sufficient justification to any high bailiff or sheriff acting thereon.

Power to judge 153. If it shall at any time appear to the satisfaction of the exeention^or jU(*ge that the defendant in any action or matter is unable, from order discharge sickness or other sufficient cause, to pay and discharge the debt or ‘’damages recovered against him, or any instalment thereof, it shall be lawful for the judge, in his discretion, to suspend or stay any judgment, order, or execution given, made, or issued in such action or matter, for such time and on such terms as the judge shall think fit, and so from time to time until it shall appear that such cause of inability has ceased, or to order the discharge of any debtor confined in prison by order of a court, who, on account of sickness, insanity, or other sufficient cause, ought, in the opinion of the judge, to be discharged.

154. No sale of any goods which shall be taken in execution shall be made until after the end of the five days at least next following the day on which such goods shall have been so taken, unless such goods be of a perishable nature, or upon the request in writing of the party whose goods shall have been taken; and until such sale the goods shall be deposited by the bailiff in some fit place, or they may remain in the custody of a fit person approved by the high bailiff to be put in possession by the bailiff; and it shall be lawful for the high bailiff from time to time, as he shall think proper, to appoint such and so many persons fer keeping possession, and so many sworn brokers and appraisers for the purpose of selling or valuing any goods, chattels, or effects taken in execution under this Act as shall appear to him to be necessary, and to direct security to be taken from each of them, for such sum and in such manner as he shall think fit, for the faithful performance of their duties without injury or oppression, and the judge or high bailiff may dismiss any person, broker, or appraiser so appointed; and no goods taken in execution under this Act shall be sold for the purpose of satisfying the warrant of execution except by one of the brokers or appraisers so appointed, and the brokers or appraisers so appointed shall be entitled to have, out of the produce of the goods so distrained or sold, sixpence in the pound on the value of the goods for the appraisement thereof, whether by one broker or more, over and above the stamp duty, and for advertisements, catalogues, sale and commission, and delivery of goods one shilling in the pound on the net produce of the sale.

Execution to 155. In or upon every warrant of execution issued against the on pa’mo^of g00^8 an<^ chattels of any person whomsoever, the registrar of the debt and costs, court shall cause to be inserted or indorsed the sum of money and costs adjudged and the fees for the execution of such warrant; and if the party against whom such execution shall be issued shall before an actual sale of the goods and chattels, pay or cause to be paid or tendered unto the registrar of the court out of which such

1888.

Ch. 48.

377

Gowaty Courts Act, 1888.

warrant of execution has issued, or to the bailiff holding the warrant of execution, such sum of money and costs as aforesaid, or such part thereof as the person entitled thereto shall agree to accept in full of his debt or damages and costs, together with the fees inserted or indorsed as aforesaid, the execution shall be superseded, and the goods and chattels of the said party shall be discharged and set at liberty.

156. Where any claim shall be made to or in respect of any Claimant of goods taken in execution under the process of the court, the claimant

may deposit with the bailiff either the amount of the value of the must deposit goods claimed, such value to be affixed by appraisement in case of their values dispute, to be by such bailiff paid into court, to abide the decision ?£8t8 of the judge upon such claim, or the sum which the bailiff shall be possession, allowed to charge as costs for keeping possession of such goods otherwise until such decision can be obtained, or may give to the bailiff in j£^d8hall the prescribed manner security for the value of the goods claimed, and in default of the claimant so doing the bailiff shall sell such goods as if no such claim had been made, and shall pay into court the proceeds of such sale to abide the decision of the judge.

157. If any claim shall be made to or in respect of any goods High bailiff or chattels taken in execution, or in respect of the proceeds or value may intfr-thereof, by any person, it shall be lawful for the registrar upon SnC; mclf(fn0 application of the high bailiff, as well before as after any action goods taken brought against him, to issue a summons calling before the court m execution as well the party issuing such process as the party making such are ma °* claim, and the judge shall adjudicate upon such claim, and make such order between the parties in respect thereof and of the costs of the proceedings, as he shall think tit, and shall also adjudicate between such parties, or either of them, and the high bailiff, with respect to any damage, or claim of or to damages, arising or capable of arising out of the execution of such process by the high bailiff, and make such order in respect thereof, and of the costs of the proceedings, as to him shall seem fit; and such orders shall be enforced in like manner as any order in any action brought in such court, and shall be final and conclusive as between the parties, and as between them or either of them and the high bailiff, unless the decision of the court shall be in either case appealed from; and upon the issue of the summons any action which shall have been brought in any court in respect of such claim, or of any damage arising out of the execution of such process, shall be stayed.

158. In all cases where a warrant of execution shall have issued How execution against the goods and chattels of any person or an order for his commitment shall have been made, and such person, or his goods jurisdiction of and chattels, shall be out of the jurisdiction of the court, it shall the court.

be lawful for the high bailiff of the court to send the warrant of execution or order of commitment to the registrar of any other court within the jurisdiction of which such person, or his goods and chattels, shall then be or be believed to be, with a warrant thereto annexed, under the hand of the high bailiff and seal of the court from which the original warrant or order issued, requiring

378

Ch. 43.

51 & 52 Vier.

County Court* Act, 1888.

Judge may authorise bailiffs to act as brokers.

When goods seized under process of the court, landlord may claim certain rent in arrear.

execution of the same, and the registrar of the court to which the same shall be sent shall seal or stamp the same with the seal of his court and issue the same to the high bailiff of his court; and thereupon such last-mentioned high bailiff shall be authorised and required to act in all respects as if the original warrant of execution or order of commitment had been directed to him by the court of which be is the high bailiff, and shall, within such time as shall be prescribed, return to the high bailiff* of the court from which the same originally issued what he shall have done in the execution of such process, and shall, within such time as shall be prescribed, pay over all moneys received in pursuance of the warrant or order; and where any order of commitment shall have been made and the person apprehended, he shall be forthwith conveyed, in custody of the bailiff or officer apprehending him, to the prison of the court within the jurisdiction of which he shall have been apprehended, and kept therein for the time mentioned in the order of commitment, unless sooner discharged by law; and all constables and other peace officers shall be aiding and assisting within their respective districts in the execution of such order of commitment.

159. It shall be lawful for the judge, by any writing under his hand, to authorise any of the bailiffs appointed by the high bailiff to act as brokers or appraisers for the purpose of selling or valuing any goods, chattels, or efEects taken in execution under this Act; and the bailiffs so authorised by the judge may, without other licence in this behalf, do and perform all the duties and shall he entitled to the poundage which sworn brokers or appraisers may do and perform and are entitled to under this Act.

160. Section one of the Act of the eighth year of the reign of Queen Anne, chapter fourteen, shall not apply to goods taken in execution under the warrant of the court, but the landlord of any tenement in which any such goods shall be so taken may claim the rent thereof at any time within five clear days from the date of such taking, or before the removal of the goods, by delivering to the bailiff or officer making the levy any writing signed by himself or his agent, which shall state the amount of rent claimed to be in arrear, and the time for and in respect of which such rent is due; and if such claim be made, the bailiff or officer making the levy shall, in addition thereto, distrain for the rent so claimed and the costs of such distress, and shall not within five days next after such distress sell any part of the goods taken unless they be of a perishable nature, or upon the request in writing of the party whose goods shall have been taken; and the bailiff shall afterwards sell such of the goods under the execution and distress as shall satisfy, first, the costs of and incident to the sale, next the claim of such landlord, not exceeding the rent of four weeks where the tenement is let by the week, the rent of two terms of payment where the tenement is let for any other term less than a year, and the rent of one year in any other case, and lastly, the amount for which the warrant was issued; and if any replevin be made of the goods so taken, the bailiff shall, notwithstanding, sell such portion

1888.

Ch. 43.

379

County Courts Act, 1888.

thereof as will satisfy the costs of and incident to the sale under the execution, and the amount for which the warrant issued; and in either event the overplus of the sale, if any, and the residue of the goods, shall be returned to the defendant, and the poundage of the high bailiff and broker for keeping possession, appraisement, and sale under such distress shall be the same as would have been payable if the distress had been an execution of the court, and no other fees shall be demanded or taken in respect thereof.

16L Whenever any order of commitment under the Debtors Mode of issii-Act, 1869, shall have been made, or any warrant of attachment inK.and exe-shall have been ordered to be issued, such order or warrant, under commitment* of the seal of the court, shall be directed to the high bailiff o? any court, who by such order or warrant shall be empowered to take the body of the person against whom such order shall be made or warrant issued; and all constables aDd other peace officers within their several jurisdictions shall aid in the execution of every such order or warrant; and the governor of every prison mentioned in any such order or warrant shall be bound to receive and keep the person therein mentioned until discharged under the provisions of this Act or otherwise by due course of law.

162. If any person shall wilfully insult the judge, or any juror Power of com-or witness, or any registrar, bailiff, or officer of the court for the m, t^ for time being during hi3 sitting or attendance in court, or in going c<m emp ’

to or returning from the court, or shall wilfully interrupt the pro- . ceedings of the court, or otherwise misbehave iu court, it shall be lawful for any bailiff or officer of the court, with or without the assistance of any other person, by the order of the judge, to take such offender into custody, and detain him until the rising of the court; and the judge shall be empowered, if he shall think fit, by a warrant under his hand, and sealed with the seal of the court, to commit any such offender to any prison to which he has power to commit offenders for any time not exceeding seven days, or to impose upon any such offender a fine not exceeding five pounds for every such offence, and in default of payment thereof to commit the offender to any such prison as aforesaid for any time not exceeding seven days, unless the said fine be sooner paid.

163. If a judge orders any person to be committed to prison Towhatpri-either for contempt or in pursuance of the Debtors Act, 1869, he

shall order such person to be committed to a prison which shall be mad* from time to time, by order of one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, bo allowed as a place of imprisonment for persons committed by the judge of such court: Provided that until such order of a Secretary of State has been made, the person may be committed to any prison to which the judge now has power to commit him.

PART VIII.

Rules; Fees; Fines; Unclaimed Money in Court.

164. The Lord Chancellor may appoint five judges, and from Rules, &c. time to time fill up any vacancies in their number, to frame rules

380

Ch. 43.

51 & 52 Vice.

and scale of

costs to be framed by judges appointed by Lord Chancellor.

47 & 48 Vict. c. 61.

Order as to fees.

Fees; how payable, and where to be exhibited.

Fines how to be enforced.

Penalties to be paid to registrar and

Coimty Cowrta, 1888.

and orders for regulating the practice of the courts and forms of proceedings therein, and scales of costs to be paid to counsel and solicitors, and from time to time to amend such rules, orders, forms, and scales; and such rules, orders, forms, and scales, or amended rules, orders, forms, and scales, certified under the hands of such judges, or any three or more of them, shall be submitted to the Lord Chancellor, who may allow or disallow, or alter the same; and the rules, orders, forms, and scales, or amended rules, orders, forms, and scales, so allowed or altered, subject to the concurrence of the authority for making rules of the Supreme Court, as in the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1884, provided, shall, from a day to be named by the Lord Chancellor, be in force in every court. Such power of making rules and orders shall extend to all matters of procedure or practice, or relating to or concerning the effect or operation in law of any procedure or practice, in any case within the cognizance of county courts, as to which rules of the Supreme Court have been or might lawfully be made for cases within the cognizance of the High Court of Justice. The rules, orders, forms, and scales of costs in force at the commencement of this Act shall continue to be in force unless and until otherwise provided. In any case not expressly by this Act or in pursuance thereof provided for the general principles of practice in the High Court of Justice may be adopted and applied to actions and matters.

165. The Treasury from time to time, with the concurrence of the Lord Chancellor, may make orders as to the fees to be paid on any proceedings which are now or shall hereafter be authorised to be taken in the courts, whether any fee is now payable thereon or not: Provided always, that every such order shall be notified to both Houses of Parliament within ten days from the commencement of the session next after the making thereof.

166. The fees payable on the proceedings in the courts shall except in interpleaders, or where such fees shall be payable in respect of keeping possession, appraising or selling goods seized, be paid in the first instance by the party on whose behalf any such proceeding is to be taken before such proceeding is taken; and in default of the payment of any fees, payment thereof shall, by order of the judge, be enforced in like manner as payment of any debt adjudged by the court to be paid; and a table of all fees shall be posted in some conspicuous place in every court house and registrar’s office.

167. Payment of any fine imposed by any court under the authority of this Act may be enforced upon the order of the judge, in like manner as payment of any debt adjudged by the court to be paid, or in such manner as payment of a sum adjudged to be paid on summary conviction, may be enforced under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts.

168. The moneys arising from any penalties, forfeitures, and fines inflicted or authorised to be imposed by this Act, when paid

1888.

Ch. 43.

381

County Cowrts Act, 1888.

and levied, shall (if not by this Act directed to be otherwise applied) be from time to time paid to the registrar of the court, and accounted for by him to the treasurer.

169. The registrar of every court from time to time, as often as he shall be required so to do by the Treasury, and in such form as the Treasury shall require, shall deliver to the treasurer a full account in writing of the fees received in that court under the authority of this Act, and a like account of all fines levied by the court, and of the expenses of levying the same.

170. The registrar of every court, shall, once in every year, and oftener if required, on such day as shall be appointed by the Treasury, make out and send to the Comptroller and Auditor-General an account of all sums paid over by him to the treasurer of the court; and every such account, duly vouched by receipts given under the hand of the treasurer, shall be a voucher to charge the treasurer in his account before the said Comptroller and Auditor-General.

171. The treasurer of every court shall from time to time audit and settle the accounts of the registrar and other officers of the court, and shall receive the balance of the various moneys which such registrar and other officers shall have received under this Act; and the registrar shall pay over to the treasurer of the court, at such times as he may be directed by the Treasury, the moneys received by him as a registrar.

172. The Treasury shall from time to time make such rules as they shall think fit for securing the balances and other sums of money in the hands of any officers of every court, and for the due accounting for and application of all such balances and other sums of money.

173. The registrar of every court shall, in the month of March in each year, make out a correct list of all sums of money belonging to suitors in the court which shall have been paid into court, and which shall have remained unclaimed for five years before the first day of January then last past, specifying the names of the parties for whom or on whose account the same were so paid into court; and a copy of such list shall be put up and remain during court hours in some conspicuous part of the court-house, and at all times in the registrar’s office, and all sums of money which shall have been paid into any such court to the use of any suitors thereof, and which shall have remained unclaimed for the period of six years on the first day of January next after the said list shall have been put up as aforesaid, shall be accounted for by the registrar to the treasurer, and no person shall be entitled to claim any sum which shall have remained so unclaimed; but no time during which the person entitled to claim such sum shall have been an infant or feme covert, or of unsound mind, or beyond the seas, shall be taken into account in estimating the said period of six years.

accounted to treasurer.

Account of fees and lines.

Account to

Auditor-

General.

Audit of registrar’s accounts.

Rules as to balances.

Suitors money unclaimed in six years to be forfeited.

382

Ch. 43.

51 & 52 Vict.

Publication of Orders in Council.

No privilege allowed.

Saving for universities of Oxford or Cambridge.

Saving for court of vice-warden of Stannaries.

When treasurer’s clerk to be deemed a civil servant.

Townhalls used ior sittings.

Process of the court to be under seal.

County Courts Act, 1888.

PART IX.

Miscellaneous Provisions.

174. Any Order in Council made for the purposes of this Act shall be published in the London Gazette.

175. No privilege, except as herein-after excepted, shall be allowed to any solicitor or other person to exempt him from the jurisdiction of the court.

176. Nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to alter or affect the rights or privileges of the chancellor, masters, and scholars of the universities of Oxford or Cambridge respectively as by law possessed, or the jurisdiction of the courts of the chancellors or vice-chancellors of the said universities as holden under the respective charters of the said universities or otherwise.

177. Nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to affect the Court of the Vice-Warden of the Stannaries; but this provision shall not be deemed to prevent the establishment of any court under this Act within the Stannaries, or to limit or affect the jurisdiction of any court so established under this Act, Provided that no judge shall have authority to entertain jurisdiction in any case to which the equitable jurisdiction of the mid Court of the Vice-Warden of the Stannaries at present extends.

178. If the Treasury shall think fit to employ in the examination of the accounts of the courts any person whom they may think it desirable so to employ on account of knowledge acquired by him as clerk to any treasurer of a court, such clerk shall, if after one year the Treasury shall continue to employ him, be deemed a servant in the permanent civil service of the State, and be entitled to superannuation.

179. In every town or place where there shall be a court the townhall, court house, or other public building belonging to any county, city, borough, town, or place, or vested in any public body, shall, with all necessary rooms, furniture, and fittings in any such public building, be used for the purposes of holding the court, without any charge for rent or other payment save and except the reasonable and necessary charges for lighting, warming, and cleaning, when such public building is used for the purpose of the court: Provided always, that the necessary arrangements shall be made so that the sittings of the court shall not interfere with the business of the county, city, borough, or town usually transacted in such town-hall, court house, or other public building, or with any purposes for which such townhall, court house, or other public building may be used by virtue of any local Act in that behalf: Provided also, that this enactment shall not apply to any city, borough, or town in which a building shall have been heretofore erected for the purposes (»f holding the court, and for the business connected with such court.

180. For every court there shall be a seal of the court, and all summonses nnd other process issuing out of the said court shall be

1888.

County Courts Act, 1888. Ch. 43.

383

sealed or stamped with the seal of the court, and all such summonses and other process purporting to be so sealed shall in England be received in evidence without further proof thereof; and every person who shall forge the seal or any process of the court, or who shall serve or enforce any such forged process, knowing the same to be forged, or deliver or cause to he delivered to any person any paper falsely purporting to be a copy of any summons or other process of the said court, knowing the same to be false, or who shall act or profess to act under any fatee colour or pretence of the process or authority of the said court, shall be guilty of felony.

181. The expense of supplying the courts and offices with law Iuc>dental and office books and stationery, and of postage stamps, and the exi>enHe' disbursements of the high bailiffs in conveying to prison persons committed by the courts, and all other expenses arising out of

any jurisdiction now or hereafter conferred on such courts or any officer thereof, shall be paid by the Treasury out of any moneys to be from time to time provided by Parliament for such purposes.

182. No action shall be brought or be maintainable in any-No action for county or other court to recover any debt or sum of money alleged J^edon the" to be due in respect of the sale of any ale, porter, beer, cider, or premises to be perry which was consumed on the premises where sold or supplied, brought.

or in respect of any money or goods lent or supplied, or of any security given for, in, or towards the obtaining of any such ale, porter, beer, cider, or perry.

183. A register of every judgment entered in the courts for the Registry of sum of ten pounds and upwards, and of every’ such other judgment Judgments‘ or order as may be prescribed, shall be kept in such manner, in

such place, and under such regulations as the Treasury shall appoint, and for the inspection of the said register when formed such fees shall be charged to persons desirous of inspecting the same as shall be appointed by the Treasury, and the proceeds of such fees shall be applied, in such manner as the Treasury shall appoint, in paying the expenses incurred in maintaining the said register; and the surplus of such fees, after providing for the payment of such expenses, shall be paid over to the credit of the Consolidated Fund.

184. Any acknowledgment to be made by any married woman Acknowledg-of any deed under the Act of the third and fourth years of the ^womento" Teign of his late Majesty King William the Fourth, chapter seventy- be received by four, may be received by a judge in the same manner as such judge, acknowledgment may be received by a judge of the High Court.

185. The courts held by virtuo of the London (City) Small CityofLon-Debts Extension Act, 1852, shall be held by the name of the

City of London Court and shall be a court of record, and its c. ixxvii. decisions shall be subject to appeal in the same way and on the same conditions as the decisions of a County Court are subject for the time being. The judge and officers of the City of London Court shall respectively have and exercise the like jurisdiction, power, and authority in all respects, except the power of appointing officers, as are for the time being possessed and exercised by the judge and

384 Ch. 43. County Courts Act, 1888. 51 & 52 VICT.

officers respectively of a County Court. The rules and orders in force for the time being for regulating the practice of and costs in the County Courts, and forms of proceedings therein, shall be in force in the said City of London Court, to the exclusion of any other rules and orders; and the same fees shall be taken for proceedings in which jurisdiction is hereby given to the court as upon similar proceedings in the County Courts, and such fees shall be applied in the same manner as the fees taken under the provisions 15 & 16 Vict, of the said London (City) Small Debts Extension Act, 1852; pro-c. lxxvii. vided that nothing in this Act shall take away, lessen, or diminish any of the powers, rights, or privileges of the judge of the said court, or the authority of the mayor, aldermen, and commons of the city of London in common council assembled in relation to such court, or to the judge or officers thereof, or to the fees taken therein, as such powers or authority heretofore existed.

Supplementary.

interpretation 186. In construing this Act or any future Act relating to of Act. County Courts, unless there is anything in the subject or context

repugnant thereto, the several words herein-after mentioned shall have or include the meanings following:

" Lord Chancellor " shall include Lord Keeper or the First Commissioner for the custody of the Great Seal; and " Treasury " shall mean the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury or any two of them; and " Treasurer " shall include any person appointed by the Treasury to supervise the persons appointed to examine the accounts of the registrars and other officers of the court; and " Person " shall include a body corporate or politic; and " Landlord " shall be understood to mean the person entitled to the immediate reversion of the lands, or, if the property he holden in joint tenancy, coparcenary, or tenancy in common, shall be understood to mean any one of the persons entitled to such reversion; and " Supreme Court " shall mean the Supreme Court of Judicature in England; and " High Court" shall mean Her Majesty's High Court of Justice; and

" Judge " shall mean judge of County Courts; and "Registrar" shall mean registrar of a County Court, or where there are joint registrars either of such registrars; and " Bailiff" shall include high bailiff and any registrar performing the duties of high bailiff; and " Order " shall include rule; and

" Action " shall include suit, and shall mean every proceeding in the court which may be commenced as prescribed by plaint; and

" Matter " shall mean every proceeding in the court, which may be commenced as prescribed otherwise than by plaint; and

385

1888. County Courts Act, 1888. Ch. 43.

" Prescribed " shall mean prescribed by the County Court Rules for the time being; and

" Court" or " County Court " shall mean and include any court held under this Act, and also the City of London Court, and shall include and mean the judge or registrar of the court.

u Return day " shall mean the day appointed in any summons or proceeding for the appearance of the defendant, or any other day fixed for the trial or hearing of any action or matter.

"Party" shall include every person served with notice of, or attending, any proceeding, although not named as a party to such proceeding.

187. Any reference in an Act of Parliament or Order in Council Construction passed or made since 1846 to a county court shall be construed as referring to a court under this Act, unless the context shows that a COUnty courts, county court as constituted prior to 1846 is meant; and any reference in any of the Supreme Court of Judicature Acts and the

Statute Law Revision and Civil Procedure Act, 1883, to an inferior court shall be construed as referring to courts under this Act as well as to any other inferior court.

188. The Acts specified in the Schedule to this Act are hereby Repeal repealed from and after the commencement of this Act.

Provided that —

(1.) Any Order in Council or rule or order now in force whether made under any enactment hereby repealed or not, shall continue in force until otherwise provided; and

(2.) Any judge or officer appointed under any enactment hereby repealed shall continue and he deemed to have been duly appointed under this Act; and

(3.) Any enactment or document referring to any Act. or enactment hereby repealed shall be construed to refer to this Act, or to the corresponding enactment in this Act.

(4.) This repeal shall not affect —

(a.) The past operation of any enactment hereby repealed, nor anything duly done or suffered under any enactment hereby repealed; or (b.) Any right, privilege, obligation, or liability acquired, accrued or incurred under any enactment hereby repealed; or

(c.) Any penalty, forfeiture, or punishment incurred in respect of any offence committed against any enactment hereby repealed; or (d.) Any investigation, legal proceeding, or remedy in respect of any such right, privilege, obligation, liability, penalty, forfeiture or punishment as aforesaid; and any such investigation, legal proceeding, and remedy may be carried on as if this Act had not passed; and

(5.) This repeal shall not revive any enactment, right, office, privilege, matter or thing not in force or existing at the commencement of this Act.

386

Ch. 43.

County Courts Act, 1888.

51 & 52 Vict.

Section 188.

SCHEDULE.

Acts.

Short Tiile.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 95. An Act for the more

easy Recovery of Small Debts and Demands in England.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 101. An Act to amend

the Act for the more easy Recovery of Small Debts and Demands in England, and to abolish certain Inferior Courts of Record.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 61. An Act to extend the

Act for the more easy Recovery of Small Debts and Demands in England.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 54. An Act farther to facilitate and arrange Proceedings in the County Courts.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 108. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the County Courts.

" The County Courts Act, 1846."

" The County Courts Act, 1849. ’

" The County Courts Act, 1850."

" The County Courts Act, 1852."

" The County Courts Act, 1856."

20 & 21 Vict. c. 36. An Act to supply an

omission in a schedule to the Act to amend the Acts relating to the County Courts.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 74. An Act for the Re-

arrangement of the Districts of the County Courts among the Judges thereof.

22 Vict. c. 8. An Act to repeal the thirty-

second section of the Act for the more easy recovery of small debts and demands in England, and to make further provision in lien thereof.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 99. s. 4. An Act to amend the Bankruptcy Act, 1861.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 99. An Act to confer on the County Courts a limited Jurisdiction in Equity.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 14. An Act for the

Abolition of the Offices of Treasurer and of High Bailiffs of County Courts as Vacancies shall occur, and to provide for the Payment of future Registrars of County Courts.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 142. An Act to amend

the Acts relating to the Jurisdiction of the County Courts.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 50. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the County Courts.

" The County Courts Act, 1858."

" The County Courts Act, 1865."

" The County Courts Act, 1866."

' The County Courts Act, 1867." " The County Courts Act, 1875."

1888.

County Courts Act, 1888. Ch. 43, 44.

387

[Short Title.]

Acts.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 57. An Act to amend the law relating to Costs and Salaries in County Coarts. "The County Courts (Costs and Salaries) Act, 1882."

50 & 51 Vict. c. 3. An Act to amend the Acts relating to County Courts, so far as regards the payment of certain expenses connected with the County Courts. " The County Courts (Expenses) Act, 1887.".

CHAPTER 44.

An Act to provide for the establishment of Local Courts of Bankruptcy in Ireland.

[24th December 1888.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Local Bankruptcy (Ireland) short title. Act, 1888.

2. This Act shall commence and come into operation upon the Commence-

first day of January one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine, ment and and shall apply to Ireland only. a»llc<, "on-

3. In this Act unless there is something in the context repugnant interpretation

thereto — of terms>

The term "Order in Council " shall mean an order of the Lord Lieutenant, made by and with the advice and consent of Her Majesty's Privy Council in Ireland:

The term "Court of Bankruptcy " shall mean the Court of Bankruptcy in Ireland, and shall include any judge of that court, and any division or judge of the High Court exercising jurisdiction in bankruptcy:

The term "local bankruptcy court " shall mean a court having and exercising jurisdiction in bankruptcy under this Act, within a district assigned as herein-after provided:

The term "local registrar" shall mean a registrar of a local bankruptcy court acting in bankruptcy:

The term "existing" shall mean (unless otherwise expressed) existing at the time appointed for the commencement of this Act:

All terms and expressions defined or explained by the Irish

Bankrupt and Insolvent Act, 1857, or the Supreme Court of 20g* 21 Vict* Judicature Act (Ireland), 1877, or the County Officers and 40 & 4i Vict. Courts (Ireland) Act, 1877, shall have the same meanings in c. 57. this Act as in the said Acts respectively. *°5g 41 Vl< *

4. From and after the commencement of this Act the recorder Cork and of Cork and the Recorder of Belfast respectively for the time being ^crupj1^1

B b 2 coarts.

888

Ch. 44. Local Bankruptcy (Irela, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

shall constitute and hold local bankruptcy courts, to be called (< The Cork Local Bankruptcy Court" and "The Belfast Local Bankruptcy Court " respectively. Each local bankruptcy court, and each recorder as the judge thereof, shall, in addition to all or any existing jurisdiction, have and exercise, in all matters wherein the judge of the local bankruptcy court shall have jurisdiction as herein-after provided, all such and the like jurisdiction, power, and authority in bankruptcy, and as to arrangement with creditors, and composition after bankruptcy, as shall for the time being be vested in or capable of being exercised by the court of bankruptcy, or by any judge of the said court. The districts to be assigned to the said local bankruptcy courts respectively shall be as follows; that is to say, to the Cork local bankruptcy court, the county of Cork, and the county of the city of Cork; to the Belfast local bankruptcy court, the county of Antrim, the county of the town of Carrickfergus, and the county of Down.

Establishment of local bankruptcy courts by Order in Council.

5. If at any time after the passing of this Act it shall appear to the Lord Lieutenant to be expedient, having regard to the amount of local business in bankruptcy, to establish local bankruptcy courts in Londonderry, Galway, Waterford, and Limerick, or in any of those places, the Lord Lieutenant may, with the concurrence of the Treasury, subject to the provisions of this Act, by Order in Council provide that the recorder of Londonderry and the recorder of Galway and the county court judges of the counties of Waterford and Limerick respectively, or any of them, shall constitute and hold local bankruptcy courts or a local bankruptcy court, and that each such local bankruptcy court and each such recorder or county court judge as the judge thereof shall, in addition to all or any existing jurisdiction, have and exercise in all matters wherein such judge of the local bankruptcy court shall have jurisdiction as hereafter provided, and in respect to such district as shall be by such order assigned, all such and the like jurisdiction, power, and authority in bankruptcy, and as to arrangement with creditors and composition after bankruptcy, as shall for the time being be vested in or capable of being exercised by the court of bankruptcy or by any judge of the said court.

Provided, however, that such Order in Council shall not have or take any effect until after the time has expired within which it is provided by this Act that Parliament shall have the power to resolve that the whole or any part of such Order in Council ought not to continue in force.

Extent of 6. The Lord Lieutenant may from time to time, after the passing

jurisdiction. of this Act, by Order in Council, add to and include in any district

assigned by or under this Act to any local bankruptcy court the whole or any part or parts of any adjoining county or counties, or may exclude from any such district the whole or any part or parts of any county or counties theretofore included therein, and may vary the said districts in manner aforesaid, as may from time to time appear expedient. For all the purposes of this Act each local bankruptcy court shall have jurisdiction in the case of any debtor

188a

889

Local Bankruptcy (Ireland) Act, 1888. Ch. 44. or person sought to be adjudged a bankrupt, and in the case of any arranging debtor who shall reside or have an office or place of business within the district for the time being assigned to such court.

7. The Lord Lieutenant may, by Order in Council, direct that Transfer of any district or division for which general or quarter sessions and a civil bill court, or a civil bill court only, is held in the county of Antrim and Antrim shall, so far as regards such sessions or court, be transferred Down and to and shall be under the jurisdiction of the county court judge and Ea8t Cork* chairman of quarter sessions of the county of Down; and may by Order in Council direct that any district or division for which general or quarter sessions and a civil bill court, or a civil bill court only, is held in the county of Down shall, so far as regards such sessions or court, be transferred to and be under the jurisdiction of the county court judge and chairman of quarter sessions of the county of Antrim; and may by Order in Council direct that any district or division for which general or quarter sessions and a civil bill court, or a civil bill court only, is held in the East Riding of the county of Cork shall, so far as regards such sessions or court, be transferred to and shall be under the jurisdiction of the county court judge and chairman of quarter sessions of the West Riding of the county of Cork.

An order bringing a district or division of the county of Down under the jurisdiction of the county court judge and chairman of quarter sessions of the county of Antrim may be made at any time.

An order bringing a district or division of the county of Antrim under the jurisdiction of the county court judge and chairman of quarter sessions of the county of Down, and an order bringing a district or division of the East Riding of Cork under the jurisdiction of the county court judge and chairman of quarter sessions of the West Riding may be made either on the occurrence of a vacancy in the office of chairman of the county of Down, or of the West Riding of the county of Cork respectively, or at any time with the consent of the chairman of the said county of Down, or of the said West Riding, as the case may be.

Clerks of the Crown and peace, sessional Crown solicitors, and other officers having duties in connexion with the sessions and courts affected by such Orders in Council shall continue to discharge the duties previously performed by them in connexion with such sessions and courts.

An Order in Council under this section may contain any provisions concerning the duties of such chairmen and officers as aforesaid, and the holding of such sessions and courts, as may appear to the Lord Lieutenant in Council necessary or expedient for carrying the purposes of this section into effect. Any such Order in Council may prescribe the mode in which all or any of such transfers shall be made, and give directions generally for regulating the same, and the disposal of the business of such sessions or court when so transferred as aforesaid, and may give all such further directions as may appear to the Lord Lieutenant to be

390

Ch. 44. Local Bankruptcy (Ireland) Act, 1888. .51 & 52 Vict~

necessary or proper for the aforesaid purposes. Any such Order in Council may be varied or rescinded by a subsequent order.

Appointment 8. The Lord Lieutenant may, subject to the provisions of this of officers. Act, and with the consent of the Treasury, from time to time after the passing of this Act, by Order in Council, direct the appointment for each local bankruptcy court of the officers herein-after mentioned, or any of them, and prescribe the tenure of each office, and provide for the payment to each such officer of such salary or remuneration by or out of moneys to be provided by Parliament for the purpose, or by or out of prescribed fees or percentages, as may be directed by such order. Such appointments shall be subject to the following provisions:

(1.) The officers who may be directed to be appointed as aforesaid for each local bankruptcy court shall be an official assignee, a local registrar, a messenger, and such clerk or clerks and such officer or officers as the Lord Chancellor, with the concurrence of the Treasury, shall consider necessary for the proper discharge of the duties of the court, and each officer shall discharge all such and the like duties, and exercise all such and the like powers, and enjoy all such rights and privileges as might for the time being be discharged, exercised, and enjoyed by the corresponding officer of the Court of Bankruptcy, or as may be prescribed by Order in Council:

(2.) The Lord Chancellor, with the concurrence of the Treasury, may, with the consent of any existing officer of the Court of Bankruptcy, appoint such officer to be an officer of any local bankruptcy court or courts, either without ceasing to be an officer of the Court of Bankruptcy or otherwise, and upon such terms as to existing rights to salary and pension as the Lord Chancellor, with the concurrence of the Treasury, and with the consent of the officer, may by order prescribe:

(3.) Any existing officer of any recorder’s court or civil bill court holden within the district assigned to a local bankruptcy court, 40 & 41 Vict. -who was appointed before the passing of the County Officers

c. 56, and Courts (Ireland) Act, 1877, may with his own consent be

appointed by the Lord Chancellor to be an officer of such local bankruptcy court, either without ceasing to hold his existing office or otherwise, and upon such terms as to existing rights to salary and pension as the Lord Chancellor, with the concurrence of the Treasury, and with the consent of the officer, may by order prescribe:

(4.) All junior clerkships in the local bankruptcy courts shall be filled up by open competition, but this provision shall not apply to any person holding any office or clerkship at the time of the passing of this Act, nor to any officer of any recorder’s court or civil bill court, who may be appointed to be an officer of a local bankruptcy court The Lord Chancellor shall, with the concurrence of the Civil Service Commissioners, make regulations as to the qualification of candidates and the subjects of examination for such competition:

1888.

Ch. 44.

391

Local Bankruptcy (Ireland) Act, 1888.

(5.) Every appointment not made as herein-before provided shall be made by the Lord Chancellor, and every person appointed shall possess such qualifications and may be required to pass such examination as may be from time to time prescribed by Order in Council, and every officer of a local bankruptcy court shall be removable by the Lord Chancellor. Every officer of any recorder’s court or civil bill court who shall be appointed to be an officer of a local bankruptcy court shall continue to hold his office in such recorder’s court or civil bill court, notwithstanding that any recorder or county court judge who may have appointed him shall have vacated his own office, unless the Lord Chancellor shall otherwise direct.

0. The lights, powers, duties, and obligations of an official p°w.er.8 °*. assignee of a local court of bankruptcy shall be similar in all i^uouxtT respects to those of the official assignees of the Court of Bankruptcy. All such and the liko property, estate, and effects as would vest in the official assignees of the Court of Bankruptcy in the case of proceedings instituted in that court shall vest in the official assignee of the local bankruptcy court where the proceedings are instituted in the local court; and the enactments regulating and affecting the vesting and divesting of any such property, estate, and effects in the official assignees of the Court of Bankruptcy shall also regulate and affect the vesting and divesting of same in the official assignee of a local court of Bankruptcy.

10. Every clerk of the Crown and peace, and every registrar, Duties of the and other officer of any recorder’s court or civil bill court holden Crown ancf within the district assigned to a local bankruptcy court, may, if peace, appointed after the passing of the County Officers and Courts (Ireland) Act, 1877, te by Order in Council empowered and required to act also as an officer of the local bankruptcy court,

and to discharge such duties in connexion with the jurisdiction of the local bankruptcy court, being compatible with the due performance of his other duties, as may be prescribed by Order in Council. Every clerk of the Crown and peace upon whom any additional duties are imposed in consequence of this Act who was appointed between the passing of the County Officers and Courts <o & 41 Vict. (Ireland) Act, 1877, and this Act, and who elected under the °*56, provisions of the sixteenth section of the said Act to continue to practise as a solicitor, may at any time within two years after such additional duties are imposed upon him, declare his election not to continue to practise as a solicitor, and shall thereupon be in the same position with respect to superannuation allowance as he would have been if he had so declared his election not to practise at the time of his acceptance of office.

11. Subject to the provisions of this Act, the times and places for, ° and the manner of exercising the jurisdiction conferred by or under orders this Act, and the practice and mode of procedure and the forms to

be used, and the fees, costs, and charges to be payable to counsel

392 Ch. 44. Local Bankruptcy (Act, 1888. 61 & 52 Vict.

and solicitors in the local bankruptcy courts, and the powers, authorities, control, and duties of the several officers of the said courts, and all other matters and things, whether similar or not to those herein-before mentioned, in respect of which it may be expedient to make further or additional provision for carrying the purposes of this Act into execution, shall from time to time be regulated, prescribed, defined, and directed by Orders in Council; and provisions may be made by such orders for the discharge by the local registrar during the absence or in case of the incapacity or of a vacancy in the office of the judge of the local bankruptcy court, and otherwise, of such of the jurisdiction, powers, and authorities of the judge of the local bankruptcy court in bankruptcy a sit may be deemed expedient to permit the local registrar to exercise. The orders regulating the local bankruptcy courts shall, so far as may be deemed expedient, be assimilated to the rules and orders for the time being in force in the Court of Bankruptcy, and the rules, orders, and practice of the Court of Bankruptcy for the time being shall, so far as the same shall not be inconsistent with this Act, or with any order under this Act, be in force in the local bankruptcy courts. Provision shall be made by such Orders in Council for the due notification to, and registration in, the Court of Bankruptcy, and by the officers thereof of all adjudications and proceedings in the local bankruptcy courts, which, for the protection of purchasers, creditors, or other persons, or for the simplification of searches or otherwise, it shall be deemed necessary or expedient to register or record in the Court of Bankruptcy.

Fees. 12. The Lord Lieutenant may, with the concurrence of the

Treasury, by Order in Council, from time to time fix the fees and percentages to be taken in the local bankruptcy courts in respect of any business under this Act: Provided always, that in fixing such fees and percentages regard shall be had where practicable to the ad valorem principle.

42 & 48 Vict. The Public Offices Fees Act, 1879, shall apply to fees taken

c. 58. under this Act.

Salaries and 13, The Lord Lieutenant, with the concurrence of the Treasury,

compensation. shall award to the several officers of the local bankruptcy courts appointed under this Act such salaries or annual or other sums as shall be reasonable, having regard in each case to the amount of duty to be performed, and to any fees or percentages which may be received under this Act; such salaries and sums shall be paid out of moneys which shall be provided by Parliament for the purpose. The Treasury shall, out of moneys to be provided by Parliament for the purpose, pay to any existing official assignee of the Court of Bankruptcy whose emoluments shall be reduced by the operation of this Act such annual or other sum or sums by way of compensation for such loss of emoluments as, having regard to the tenure of his office, the length of his service, his remaining emoluments, and the other circumstances of the case, shall to the Treasury appear just and reasonable. If any such official assignee

1888.

398

Local Bankruptcy (Ireland) Act, 1888. Ch. 44.

shall refuse to accept or hold any office in a local bankruptcy court which may be offered to him without requiring him to cease to be an officer of the Court of Bankruptcy, the Treasury shall take such refusal into account in reduction of any claim to compensation under this section.

14. An appeal shall, subject to any Order in Council, lie from Appeals, every order or decision of a local bankruptcy court in the same cases, to the same tribunal, in the same manner, and subject to the same rules as if such order or decision were made by the Court of Bankruptcy or by a judge thereof.

15. Where any proceedings are pending in a local bankruptcy Transfer of court, any of the parties to such proceedings may apply to the proceeding*‘ Court of Bankruptcy or a judge thereof to order that such proceedings may be transferred to and thenceforward carried on in the

Court of Bankruptcy; and in every such case such court or judge may, upon such application, or without such application if it shall appear expedient, on being satisfied that such proceedings can be more efficiently or conveniently carried on in the Court of Bankruptcy, make an order for the transfer of such proceedings, and directing same to be thenceforward carried on in the Court of Bankruptcy, and may make such order as to the costs, if any, incurred before such transfer, and may make such other provision for staying further proceedings in the local bankruptcy court, or for the further prosecution of said proceedings, as may appear expedient; and where any proceedings are pending in the Court of Bankruptcy which might lawfully have been instituted and carried on in any local bankruptcy court, any of the parties to such proceedings may apply to the Court of Bankruptcy or a judge thereof to order that such proceedings may be transferred to and thenceforward carried on in such local bankruptcy court, and in every such case such court or judge may, upon such application or without such application if it shall appear expedient, on being satisfied that such proceedings can be more efficiently or conveniently carried on in such local bankruptcy court, make an order for the transfer of such proceedings and directing such proceedings to be thenceforward carried on in the said local bankruptcy court, and may make such order as to the costs, if any, incurred before such transfer, and may make such other provision for staying further proceedings in the Court of Bankruptcy, or for the further prosecution of said proceedings, as may appear expedient: and the said court or judge on the hearing of any application for the transfer of proceedings from the Court of Bankruptcy to any local bankruptcy court, or from any local bankruptcy court to the Court of Bankruptcy, shall have due regard to the wishes of the creditors, or the majority of them in number or value, and the grounds for making such order shall be recited therein; and provision may be made by Order in Council for prescribing the mode in which such transfer shall be made, and generally for regulating the same so as to provide for the discharge of bankruptcy business in such of the said courts as may most conveniently and efficiently discharge the same. The provisions of

394

Court-houses and offices.

Construction of 35 & 36 Vict. c. 57.

Off. 44. Local Bankruptcy (Ireland) Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

this section shall apply to proceedings subsequent as well as prior to an adjudication by the Court of Bankruptcy or the local bankruptcy court. All such estate and effects as would ve3t in the official assignees of the Court of Bankruptcy if the proceedings had been instituted in that court shall vest in the official assignee of the local bankruptcy court where the proceedings are instituted in the local court; and where proceedings instituted or pending in either the Court of Bankruptcy or the local bankruptcy court are transferred therefrom to the other of the said courts, then the estate or effects which prior tv) such transfer were vested in consequence of such proceedings in the official assignees or assignee of the court in which the proceedings were instituted or pending shall by virtue of such transfer become vested in the assignees or assignee of the court to which the proceedings are transferred. If the official assignees or assignee of the court from which such proceedings have been transferred held such property, estate, or effects jointly with any other person or persons, the official assignees or assignee of the court to which such proceedings have been transferred shall also hold same jointly with such person or persons. Any order by the Court of Bankruptcy or a judge thereof under the provisions herein contained maybe appealed against in the same manner as any other order of such court or judge.

16. The Lord Lieutenant may, by Order in Council, from time to time after the passing of this Act, direct that provision shall be made by the several grand juries or town councils having rating powers in the district in which a local bankruptcy court shall be established under this Act, or by some one of them, for the erection of a suitable and convenient court-house and offices, or for the alteration, so as to make the same suitable and convenient, of any existing court-house and offices for the transaction of the business of the local bankruptcy court, and may estimate the sum of money requisite for that purpose, and what proportion of such sum is to be contributed by each such body, and upon such order, and as shall be directed thereby, such grand jury or town council, as the case may be, shall by presentment without application to presentment sessions, out of the county cess or borough fund or borough rate, or such other fund or rate as shall be by such order directed, or by the application to such purposes of any lands or buildings under their control, or by any or all of the ways and means aforesaid, provide and shall thenceforth maintain such court-houses and offices as may be required for the purposes of this Act: Provided that any court-houses and offices for the time being existing in such place and under the control of such grand jury or town council, or used for any public purpose, may be made available for the purposes of the local bankruptcy court and of this Act in such manner and upon such conditions as may be directed by Order in Council.

17. All the provisions of the Debtors Act (Ireland), 1872, relative to the punishment of fraudulent debtors, and relative to offences in

1888. Local Bankruptcy (Ireland) Act, 1888. Ch. 44, 45, 46. 395

relation to bankruptcy or arrangement matters, shall be applied with reference with reference to this Act as if the local bankruptcy courts and the proceedings therein were specified in the said Debtors Act (Ireland), 1872, in addition to the Bankruptcy Court and the proceedings therein.

18. Any Orders in Council made in pursuance of any of the Orders to be provisions of this Act shall, from and after their publication in the payment.0 Dublin Gazette, be deemed to be within the powers conferred by this Act, and be of the same force as if enacted in this Act, and be judicially noticed, and the same shall be laid before Parliament within three weeks after they are made if Parliament be then sitting, and if Parliament be not then sitting, within three weeks after the beginning of the then next session of Parliament: Provided always, that if either of the Houses of Parliament shall, within the next subsequent one hundred days on which either of the said Houses shall have sat, resolve that the whole or any part of any such Order in Council ought not to continue in force, in such case the whole or such part thereof as shall be so included in such resolution shall thereupon become void and of no effect, but without prejudice to the validity of any proceeding which may in the meantime have been taken under the same.

CHAPTER 45.

An Act to extend the privileges of the Graduates of the Victoria University.

[24th December 1888.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Wherever an}’ office is or shall be open to graduates of the Extension Universities of Oxford, Cambridge, and London, or wherever any pri^tes privilege or exemption has been or shall be given by any Act of £f v^toria* Parliament or regulation of any’ public authority to graduates of University, the Universities of Oxford, Cambridge, and London, graduates of the Victoria University having the degree which would be a qualification if it had been granted by the University of Oxford, Cambridge, or London, may become candidates for and may hold any such office and shall be entitled to all such privileges as fully as graduates of any of the last-mentioned Universities.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Victoria University Act, 1888.

CHAPTER 46.

An Act to amend the Law as to Oaths.

[24th December 1888.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

396

When affirmation may be made instead of oath.

Form of affirmation.

Validity of oath not affected by absence of religious belief.

Form of affirmation in writing.

Swearing with uplifted hand.

Repeal.

[Short title.]

Ch. 46. Oaths Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

1. Every person upon objecting to being sworn, and stating, as the ground of such objection, either that he has no religious belief, or that the taking of an oath is contrary to his religious belief, shall be permitted to make his solemn affirmation instead of taking an oath in all places and for all purposes where an oath is or shall be required by law, which affirmation shall be of the same force and effect as if he had taken the oath; and if any person making such affirmation shall wilfully, falsely, and corruptly affirm any matter or thing which, if deposed on oath, would have amounted to wilful and corrupt perjury, he shall be liable to prosecution, indictment, sentence, and punishment in all respects as if he had committed wilful and corrupt perjury.

2. Every such affirmation shall be as follows:

" I, A.B., do solemnly, sincerely, and truly declare and affirm, " and then proceed with the words of the oath prescribed by law, omitting any words of imprecation or calling to witness.

3. Where an oath has been duly administered and taken, the fact that the person to whom the same was administered had, at the time of taking such oath, no religious belief, shall not for any purpose affect the validity of such oath.

4. Every affirmation in writing shall commence " I, __________,

of __________, do solemnly and sincerely affirm, " and the form in

lieu of jurat shall be Affirmed at__________, this__________

day of__________, 18_. Before me."

5. If any person to whom an oath is administered desires to swear with uplifted hand, in the form and manner in which an oath is usually administered in Scotland, he shall be permitted so to do, and the oath shall be administered to him in such form and manner without further question.

6. The Acts mentioned in the schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent in the third column of the schedule mentioned.

7. This Act may be cited as the Oaths Act, 1888.

SCHEDULE.

Session and Chapter. Title. Extent of Repeal.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 125. The Common Law Procedure Act, 1854. Section twenty.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 102. The Common Law Procedure Amendment Act (Ireland), 1856. Sections twenty-three and twenty-four.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 66. - An Act to give relief to persons who may refuse or be unwilling, from alleged conscientious motives, to be sworn in criminal proceedings. The entire Act.

1888.

Oaths Act, 1888.

Ctt 46, 47.

897

Session and Chapter. Title. Extent of Repeal.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 9. - The Affirmation (Scotland) Act, 1865. The entire Act.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 35. - An Act to remove some defects in the administration of the Criminal Law. Section eight.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 39. - The Jurors Affirmation (Scotland) Act, 1868. The entire Act.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 75. - The Juries Act (Ireland), 1868. Section three.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 68. - The Evidence Further Amendment Act, 1869. Section four.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 49. - The Evidence Amendment Act, 1870. The entire Act.

CHAPTER 47.

An Act to amend the Law relating to execution for Small Debts and the levying of Distress for Rent in Ireland, with special provisions for the City of Dublin.

[24th December 1888.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

L. This Act may be cited as the Law of Distress and Small Debts (Ireland) Act, 1888.

2. This Act, except as herein otherwise provided, shall come ^"mence' into operation from and immediately after the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight.

3. " Municipal authority " in this Act shall mean the Lord InterPretation' Mayor and corporation of the city of Dublin;"distress" shall mean and be confined to distresses for rent where the amount due and distrained for shall not exceed ten pounds sterling.

Part I.

Extent of

4. Part One of this Act shall apply throughout Ireland. Part I.

5. From and after the commencement of this Act such goods and chattels of the tenant or debtor, or his family, as would be dktreL and°m protected from seizure in execution under section nine of eleven execution, and twelve Victoria, chapter twenty-eight, or section one hundred and twenty-five of the County Courts (Ireland) Act, 1851, shall be exempt from distress for rent, and from executions under decrees of

398 Ch. 47. Law of Distress and Small Debts 51 & 52 VICT.

(Ireland), 1888.

the Dublin Court of Conscience, or of the Court of Conscience of any other municipal borough, and executions under decrees or orders of the courts of the Dublin divisional justices in pursuance of their small debts jurisdiction; and executions under the decrees or orders of justices in petty sessions in pursuance of the small debts jurisdiction conferred on them by the Act of the twenty-second year of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter fourteen; that is to say, the wearing apparel and bedding, and the tools and implements of trade, of such tenant or debtor, not exceeding in the whole the value of five pounds sterling. Provided that this enactment shall not extend to any case where the lease, term, or interest of the tenant has expired, and where possession of the premiees in respect of which the rent is claimed has been demanded, and where the distress is made not earlier than seven days after such demand.

Part II.

Extent of Pan II.

Appointment of bailiffs.

Annual sum to be paid to bailiffs.

6. Part Two of this Act shall apply only within the municipal boundaries of the city of Dublin.

7. From and after the commencement of this Act no person shall act as a bailiff in the city of Dublin to levy any distress for rent, or execute any decree of the Court of Conscience, or any such decree or order of the divisional justices as aforesaid, unless he shall be authorised to act as a bailiff by the municipal authority, by a certificate in writing under the hand of the Lord Mayor, or shall be otherwise authorised as provided by this Act. It shall be the duty of the municipal authority, at least one fortnight before the commencement of this Act, and from time to time afterwards as shall be requisite, to appoint a sufficient number of fit and proper persons to act as such bailiffs, subject to the approval of the Recorder of Dublin, and it shall be lawful for the Recorder, if at any time he considers it necessary to do so, himself to appoint fit and proper persons to act as such bailiffs; and it shall be lawful for the persons so authorised to act until their certificates be withdrawn or suspended as provided by this Act.

8. It shall be lawful for the municipal authority and for the Recorder of Dublin at any time to withdraw or suspend certificates granted by them respectively at their discretion. So long as same shall remain in force the municipal authority may pay to the person thereby appointed an annual sum or salary not exceeding five pounds a year, to be paid quarterly upon a certificate of the satisfactory performance of his duties, to be given by such person and in such manner as shall be prescribed by rules made under Urn Act.

Names, &c. 9. The name and place of abode of every bailiff so appointed,

advertiM^? or w^ose certificate shall be withdrawn or suspended, shall be lists published published immediately after the date of such appointment, or with-for inspection, drawal or suspension of his certificate, in some newspaper or newspapers published within the city, and in such other manner as

1888.

Ch. 47.

399

Law of Distress and Small Debts

(Ireland) Act, 1888.

shall be prescribed by rules made under this Act, and a list of the bailiffs for the time being shall be at all times posted and kept open for public inspection in the Town Hall, the Court of Conscience, the courts of the divisional justices, and otherwise as shall be prescribed by rules made under this Act.

10. The municipal authority shall provide and mointain on any Public store site belonging to them within the city a fit and proper place or £j)^"a, nt‘]ie places in which all goods seized under distress or executions to municipal " which this Act applies shall be kept and preserved pending sale or authority, redemption, and they shall also provide, when such shall be requisite, means of conveying goods thereto. Such goods shall be sold

at such times aDd in such manner and after such notice as shall be prescribed by rules made under this Act, and at any time before sale shall be re-delivered to the owner on payment of the amount for which same were seized, and the charges accrued in relation to same. Goods whilst in the charge or possession of the municipal authority shall be deemed, as regards them, in lawful custody.

11. The municipal authority may charge in respect of the storage. Storage keeping, conveyance, or in respect of the sale of such goods such char£e8 *> sums as shall be prescribed by rules from time to time made under by rulesT ° Part Two of this Act. The fees payable in respect of seizures

within Part Two of this Act shall be prescribed in like manner, and the rules shall provide for the due publication and notification of schedules of such charges and fees as aforesaid.

12. If any bailiff under Part Two of this Act, or person assist- Bailiffs guilty

ing him, shall extort any money or security for money, or other act^thoiu thing, or if any person not being authorised as provided by this Authority °U Act shall act as a bailiff in cases within this Act, such person guilty of mis-so offending shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, punishable by sum-

fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or imprisonment not exceed- manl/deah ing twelve calendar months, with or without hard labour; or with.

such person may be proceeded against summarily, and upon conviction shall be punishable by fine not exceeding ten pounds, or imprisonment not exceeding six calendar months, with or without hard labour.

13. If any such bailiff, or person assisting him, shall offend Summary against any of the provisions of this Act, or shall be guilty of any ^e^coses m misconduct or illegality in case of any distress or execution within this Act, other than in the last preceding section mentioned, the person aggrieved may proceed summarily against such offender, who on conviction shall be punishable by fine not exceeding ten pounds, or imprisonment not exceeding three calendar months, with or without hard labour. In any case within this or the preceding section the court may order the certificate of the offender to be withdrawn or suspended, and such order shall be transmitted to the municipal authority or to the Recorder of Dublin in case the certificate was granted by him, and the certificate shall be withdrawn or suspended accordingly.

400

Ch. 47, 48.

Law of Distress and Small Debts

(Ireland) Act, 1888.

51 & 52 Vict.

Mode of summary procedure.

Expenses of

municipal

authority.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 52.

Rules for carrying out Act

Provided that in case of any distress or execution within this Act, any person feeling aggrieved by anything done thereunder, or claiming to be the owner of any of the goods seized, may proceed by complaint in a court of summary jurisdiction, and the court may order all persons interested to be summoned, and shall give all requisite orders and directions as the justice of the case may require, whether as to the custody of the goods pending litigation, or the terms upon which the same should be sold, or for the return of the goods on such terms as to giving security or otherwise as shall appear just.

14. Summary proceedings under Part Two of this Act shall be regulated as in cases of summary jurisdiction under the Acts regulating the courts of the divisional justices in Dublin, and subject to the like appeal, and shall be in addition to and not in substitution for any remedies existing before this Act.

15. The expenses of the municipal authority in the carrying out of Part Two of this Act shall be defrayed in the same manner and out of the same funds as if they were expenses of the same authority under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, and the Acts amending same.

16. The Recorder of Dublin, subject to the approval of the Lord Chancellor of Ireland, shall from time to time make rules for better cariying out the provisions of Part Two of this Act and regulating the charges and fees payable in pursuance thereof; and such rules may be revised, varied, and altered by the same authority from time to time as occasion may require. Such rules may be made at any time after the passing of this Act.

[Short title.]

Amendment of 8 & 9 Vict. c. 16. 8. 76. as to proxies.

CHAPTER 48.

An Act to amend the Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, in respect to voting by Proxy.

[24th December 1888.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1, This Act may be cited as the Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1888, and the Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and this Act may be cited together as the Companies Clauses Consolidation Acts, 1845 and 1888; and this Act shall be construed together with the said Act as part thereof.

2. To section seventy-six of the Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, the following words shall be added: "Provided, " that where the shareholder is a member of a body corporate, the " proxy may be any member of such body, though not personally " a shareholder in the company."

1888.

401

Companies Clauses Consolidation 1888. Cff. 48.

3. Such a proxy shall, during the continuance of his appointment, be taken in virtue thereof to be a shareholder in the company to which his appointment relates, holding the number of shares held by the corporation by whom he is appointed, for all purposes except the transfer of any such share or the giving receipts for any dividend thereon.

4. The appointment may be made and revoked in the following form: —

Forms of Proxy Papers.

1. General Appointment.

We, the, being a body corporate, and one of

the proprietors of the company, hereby appoint

of, who is hereby certified to be a member of this

corporation, to be our proxy, to vote in our name as he shall think proper upon any matter relating to the several undertakings proposed at any meeting of the said company to be held during the continuance of this appointment, and otherwise to be our representative in such company.

In witness whereof the common seal of the said corporation, attested as is required by its regulations, is hereto set this day of

2. Revocation of Ge'tieral Proxy.

We, the, hereby revoke the appointment

of, of, who is our proxy in

the company, made by an instrument under our

common seal, and dated the day of

In witness whereof the common seal of the said corporation, attested as is required by its regulations, is set hereto the day of

[An instrument in this form shall not reqaire any stamp.]

3. Special Appointment.

We, the, being a body corporate, and one of

the proprietors of the company, do hereby appoint

A.B., of, who is hereby certified to be a member

of this corporation, to vote in our name as he shall think proper upon any matter relating to the said undertaking proposed at the meeting of the proprietors of the said company to be held on the day of next, or at any adjournment

thereof.

In witness whereof the common seal of the said corporation, attested as is required by its regulations, is set hereto this day of

»» /vV' /

>.a.a/>/\/> /> rv A/» r

Proxy to be taken to be shareholder.

Forms of proxy papers.

402

Increase of . limit of advances by Irish Land Commission, and provision therefor.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 16.

Limitation of advances.

48 & 49 Vict c. 73.

Relation of landlord and tenactedetermined by approval of advance.

Subletting.

Notice to be given when the existing fund will be exhausted.

Ch. 49. Purchase of Land (Ireland) Amendment 51 & 52 Vict.

Act, 1888.

CHAPTER 49.

An Act further to facilitate the Purchase of Land in Ireland by increasing the amount applicable for that purpose by the Land Commission.

[24th December 1888.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Section two, subsection (c), of the Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1885, and the Acts amending the same, shall be read and construed as if the words "ten million pounds " were substituted for the words "five million pounds " in the said subsection: and the money required for the purpose of advances under the said Acts as amended by this Act shall be advanced out of the Local Loans Fund, in accordance with the National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887.

2. No advance shall be sanctioned by the Land Commission to any one purchaser of land under the Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1885, or the Acts amending the same, exceeding the sum of three thousand pounds, unless in the opinion of the Land Commission the advance of such larger amount (not exceeding five thousand pounds) is expedient for the purpose of carrying out sales on the estate of the same landlord.

3. The approval of the Commissioners to the sanction of any advance shall be signified by an order as of date on which such approval was made, and from and after such date the vendee, in the event of the sale being carried out, shall be discharged from all liability to the vendor in respect of any liabilities affecting the holding, including all rent and arrears existing at the date of the agreement for sale between the landlord and tenant. Provided that, notwithstanding anything in this section expressed, the vendor shall be entitled to recover from the vendee interest in lieu of rent for the period which may elapse between the date of signing the agreement for sale and the date of the completion of the sale by the Land Commission, unless the parties shall have otherwise agreed.

4. Where the Land Commissioners shall after the passing of this Act sanction an advance for the purchase of a holding which is agreed to be sold subject to a sub-tenancy or subletting of any kind, they may prescribe such terms as to rent and otherwise with regard to the part sublet as they think fit.

5. When, in the opinion of the Land Commissioners, the applications for advances will exhaust the amount provided by this Act, it shall be their duty to give public notice of the same, and of their intention to receive no further application until there be some

1888. Purchase of Land (Ireland) Amendment Ch. 49, 50. 408

Act, 1888.

undisposed of residue, or till further provision be made by Parliament.

6. The Land Purchase Commissioners shall publish in the next Notice of

" Dublin Gazette " notice of any completed transactions. tnSlctiona.

[Short title.]

7. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Purchase of Land (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1888.

CHAPTER 50.

An Act to amend the Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks Act, 1883.

[24th December 1888.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks Act, 1883, herein-after referred to as the 46 & 47 Vict, principal Act: c* 57•

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1, — (1.) After the first day of July one thousand eight hundred Register of and eighty-nine a person shall not be entitled to describe himself Patent agents, as a patent agent, whether by advertisement, by description on his

place of business, by any document issued by him, or otherwise, unless he is registered as a patent agent in pursuance of this Act.

(2.) The Board of Trade shall, as soon as may be after the passing of this Act, and may from time to time, make such general rules as are in the opinion of the Board required for giving effect to this section, and the provisions of section one hundred and one of the principal Act shall apply to all rules so made as if they were made in pursuance of that section.

(3.) Provided that every person who proves to the satisfaction of the Board of Trade that prior to the passing of this Act he had been bond, fide practising as a patent agent shall be entitled to be registered as a patent agent in pursuance of this Act.

(4.) If any person knowingly describes himself as a patent agent in contravention of this section he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

(5.) In this section " patent agent means exclusively an agent for obtaining patents in the United Kingdom.

2. For section seven of the principal Act the following section Amendments

shall be substituted, namely: — of.^6 *7

"7. (1.) If the examiner reports that the nature of the inven- ______ *

" tion is not fairly described, or that the application, specification, s. 7, as to " or drawings has not, or have not, been prepared in the prescribed aPPlicatioDS *

" manner, or that the title does not sufficiently indicate the subject " matter of the invention, the comptroller may refuse to accept " the application, or require that the application, specification, or " drawings be amended before he proceeds with the application;

+ C c 2

j

404

s.9, as to disclosure of reports of examiners,

8. 11, as to opposition to grant of patent.

s. 18, as to

amended

specifications.

s. 52, as to inspection of designs.

8. 58, as to piracy of registered designs

Ch. 50. Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks 51 & 52 Vict.

Act, 1888.

" and in the latter case the application shall, if the comptroller so " directs, bear date as from the time when the requirement is " complied with.

"(2.) Where the comptroller refuses to accept an application " or requires an amendment, the applicant may appeal from his " decision to the law officer.

" (3.) The law officer shall, if required, hear the applicant and " the comptroller, and may make an order determining whether, " and subject to what conditions (if any), the application shall be " accepted.

"(4.) The comptroller shall, when an application has been " accepted, give notice thereof to the applicant

" (5.) If, after an application for a patent has been made, but " before the patent thereon has been sealed, another application for " a patent is made, accompanied by a specification bearing the same " or a similar title, the comptroller, if he thinks fit, on the request " of the second applicant, or of his legal representative, may, within " two months of the grant of a patent on the first application, " either decline to proceed with the second application or allow the " surrender of the patent, if any, granted thereon."

3. In sub-section five of section nine of the principal Act the words "other than an appeal to the law officer under this Act " shall be omitted.

4. In sub-section one of section eleven of the principal Act the words from " or on the ground of an examiner" to "a previous application, " both inclusive, shall be omitted, and there shall be added in lieu thereof the following words, namely, "or on the " ground that the complete specification describes or claims an " invention other than that described in the provisional spedfication, and that such other invention forms the subject of an application made by the opponent in the interval between the leaving " of the provisional specification and the leaving of the complete " specification."

5. For sub-section ten of section eighteen of the principal Act the following sub-section shall be substituted, namely

" (10.) The foregoing provisions of this section do not apply " when, and so long as any action for infringement or proceeding " for revocation of a patent is pending."

6. After sub-section one of section fifty-two of the principal Act the following words shall be added; namely,

" Provided that where registration of a design is refused on the " ground of identity with a design already registered, the applicant for registration shall be entitled to inspect the design so " registered."

7. — (1.) In section fifty-eight of the principal Act the words "or " cause to be applied " shall be added after the word "apply."

(2.) To the same section the following words shall be added: " Provided that the total sum forfeited in respect of any one design " shall not exceed one hundred pounds."

1888. Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks Ch. 50. 405

Act, 1888.

8. — (1.) In subsection two of section sixty-two of the principal s. 62, as to

Act for the words "the patent office in the prescribed manner " ^for

shall be substituted the words "such place and in such manner as reffW 10 '

" may be prescribed."

(2.) To the same section of the principal Act the following subsection shall be added:—

" (6.) Where an applicant for the registration of a trade mark " otherwise than under an international convention is out of the " United Kingdom at the time of making the application he shall " give the comptroller an address for service in the United Kingdom, and if he* fails to do so the application shall not be proceeded " with until the address has been given.

9. In section sixty-three of the principal Act for the words "the 68>as \°

" application shall be deemed to be abandoned " shall be substituted ^proceeding the words "the comptroller shall give notice of the non-completion with applicato the agent employed on behalf of the applicant, and, if at the tionexpiration of fourteen days from that notice the registration is u not completed, shall give the like notice to the applicant, and if " at the expiration of the latter fourteen days, or such further time " as the comptroller may in special cases permit, the registration is " not completed, the application shall be deemed to be abandoned/ *

10. — (1.) For section sixty-four of the principal Act the following s. 64, as to

section shall be substituted, namely — fan°y words-

" 64. — (1.) For the purposes of this Act, a trade mark must " consist of or contain at least one of the following essential " particulars:

" (a.) A name of an individual or firm printed, impressed, or " woven in some particular and distinctive manner; or " (6.) A written signature or copy of a written signature of the " individual or firm applying for registration thereof as a " trade mark; or " (c.) A distinctive device, mark, brand, heading, label, or ticket;

" or

" (d.) An invented word or invented words; or " (e.) A word or words having no reference to the character or " quality of the goods, and not being a geographical name.

" (2.) There may be added to any one or more of the essential " particulars mentioned in this section any letters, words, or figures,

" or combination of letters, words, or figures, or of any of them,

" but the applicant for registration of any such additional matter " must state in his application the essential particulars of the trade " mark, and must disclaim in his application any right to the " exclusive use of the added matter, and a copy of the statement " and disclaimer shall be entered on the register.

•* (3.) Provided as follows:

" (i.) A person nee<l not under this section disclaim his own " name or the foreign equivalent thereof, or his place of " business, but no entry of any such name shall affect the " right of any owner of the same name to use that name or " the foreign equivalent thereof:

406

Ch. 50.

s. 67, as to colours of trade marks.

s. 68, as to advertisement of applications.

s. 69, as to opposition to registration.

8. 72, as to restrictions on registration.

s. 78, as to restriction on registration.

s. 74, as to additions to trade marks.

Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks 51 & 52 Vict.

Act, 1888.

" (ii.) Any special and distinctive word or words, letter, figure, " or combination of letters or figures, or of letters and figures " used as a trade mark before the thirteenth day of August " one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five, may be " registered as a trade mark under this part of this Act."

11. In section sixty-seven of the principal Act the words "or colours " shall be added after the word "colour " in each place where that word occurs.

12. In section sixty-eight of the principal Act after the word comptroller shall be added the words u unless the comptroller refuse " to entertain the application."

13. — (1.) In subsection one of section sixty-nine of the principal Act for the words "two rmonths " shall be substituted the words "one month or such further time, not exceeding three months, as " the comptroller may allow."

(2.) In the same subsection the word "first " shall be omitted.

(3.) In subsection two of the same section for the words "two months " shall be substituted the words "one month."

(4.) For subsections three and four of the same section the following subsections shall be substituted; namely,

" (3.) If the applicant sends such counter-statement the comp-i(troller shall furnish a copy thereof to the person who gave notice " of opposition, and shall, after hearing the applicant and the " opponent, if so required, decide whether the trade mark is to " be registered, but his decision shall be subject to appeal to the " Board of Trade, who shall, if required, hear the applicant and " the opponent and the comptroller, and may make an order " determining whether, and subject to what conditions (if any), " registration is to be permitted.

" (4.) The Board of Trade may, however, if it appears expedient, " refer the appeal to the court, and in that event the court shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine the appeal, and may " make such order as aforesaid.

" (5.) If the applicant abandons his application after notice of " opposition in pursuance of this section ho shall be liable to pay " to the opponent such costs in respect of the opposition as the " comptroller may determine to be reasonable.

"(6.) Where the opponent is out of the United Kingdom he " shall give the comptroller an address for service in the United Kingdom."

14. In subsection two of section seventy-two of the principal Act, the following words shall be added at the beginning of the subsection, namely, " except as aforesaid, " and for the words " so nearly resembling " shall be substituted the words "having such resemblance to."

15. In section seventy-three of the principal Act the word "exclusive " shall be omitted.

16. For subsection two of section seventy-four of the principal Act the following subsection shall be substituted; namely,

1888.

Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks

Act, 1888. Ch. 50 *

407

" (2.) The applicant for registration of any such addition must,

" however, state in his application the essential particulars of the " trade mark, and must disclaim in his application any right to " the exclusive use of the added matter, and a copy of the " statement and disclaimer shall be entered on the register.

" Provided that a person need not under this section disclaim his " own name or the foreign equivalent thereof, or his place of " business, but no entry of any such name shall affect the right of " any owner of the same name to use that name or the foreign " equivalent thereof.’"

17. For section seventy-five of the principal Act the following s. 75, a to

section shall be substituted; namely, reStration.

" Application for registration of a trade mark shall be deemed to " be equivalent to public use of the trade mark, and the date of the application shall for the purposes of this Act be deemed to be,

" and as from the first day of January one thousand eight hundred " and seventy-six to have been, the date of the registration."

18. After section seventy-seven of the principal Act the following Certificate as

section shall be added and numbered 77a; namely, and cos's

" In an action for infringement of a registered trade mark the thereon.

" court or a judge may certify that the right to the exclusive use " of the trade mark came in question, and if the court or a judge " so certifies, then in any subsequent action for infringement the " plaintiff in that action, on obtaining a final order or judgment in " his favour, shall have his full costs, charges, and expenses as " between solicitor and client, unless the court or judge trying " the subsequent action certifies that he ought not to have the " same."

19. — (1.) In subsection five of section seventy-nine of the prin- Amendment

cipal Act, for the words "the five yearn " shall be substituted the . *t6 words " one year." *

(2.) To the same subsection the following words shall be added; s. 79, a to namely, " unless it is shown to the satisfaction of the comptroller " that the nonpayment of the fee arises from the death or bank- from the " ruptcy of the registered proprietor, or from his having ceased register.

" to carry on business, and that no person claiming under that " proprietor or under his bankruptcy is using the trade mark."

20. — (1.) For subsection two of section eighty-one of the prin- . 8i, a to

cipal Act the following subsection shall be substituted:marks

" (2.) The Cutlers’ Company shall enter in the Sheffield register,

" in respect of metal goods as defined in this section, all the trade " marks entered before the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine in respect of metal goods either in the " register established under the Trade Marks Registration Act, S8 & 89 Vict. " 1875, or in the register of trade marks under this Act, belonging c‘ 91 *

" to persons carrying on business in Hallamshire or within six " miles thereof. The Cutlers’ Company shall also, on request made " in the prescribed manner, enter in the Sheffield register, in

408

Ch. 50.

s. 87, as to entry of assignments, &c.

s. 88, as to inspection.

s. 90, as to rectification of register.

s. 91, as to correction of errors.

Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks 51 & 52 Vict.

Act, 1888.

" respect of metal goods, all the trade marks which shall have been " assigned by the Cutlers’ Company and actually used before the " first day of January one thousand eight hundred and eightyfour, but which have not been entered in either of the said other " registers."

(2.) In subsections three and eight of the same section, for the words "on cutlery, edge tools, or on raw steel, or on goods made " of steel, or of steel and iron combined, whether with or without a " cutting edge, " shall be substituted the words "on metal goods."

(3.) For subsection seven of the same section the following subsection shall be substituted:

(7.) The provisions of this Act and of any general rules made under this Act with respect to the registration of trade marks, and all matters relating thereto, shall, subject to the provisions of this section, apply to the registration of trade marks on metal goods by the Cutlers* Company, and to all matters relating thereto; and this Act and any such general rules shall, so far as applicable, be construed accordingly with the substitution of the Cutlers’ Company, the office of the Cutlers’ Company, and the Sheffield Register, for the Comptroller, the Patent Office, and the Register of Trade Marks, respectively; and notice of every entry, cancellation, or correction made in the Sheffield Register shall be given to the . Comptroller by the Cutlers’ Company:Provided that this section shall not affect any life estate and interest of a widow of the holder of any Sheffield mark which may be in force in respect of such mark at the time when it shall be placed upon the Sheffield Register.

(4.) To the same section the following subsections shall be added; namely, —

(14.) For the purposes of this section the expression "metal goods" means all metals, whether wrought, unwrought, or partly wrought, and all goods composed wholly or partly of any metal.

(15.) For the purpose of legal proceedings in relation to trade marks entered in the Sheffield register a certificate under the hand of the master of the Cutlers’ Company shall have the same effect as the certificate of the comptroller.

21. In section eighty-seven of the principal Act, after the words "subject to, " shall be added the words "the provisions of this Art and to

22. In section eighty-eight of the principal Act, after the words "subject to, " shall be added the words '* the provisions of this Act and to ".

23. In section ninety of the principal Act, after the words "of the name of any person, " shall be added the words "or of any other particulars."

24. To section ninety-one of the principal Act the following subsection shall be added; namely,

1888.

Ch. 50.

409

Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks Act, 1888.

" (d.) Permit an applicant for registration of a design or trade " mark to amend hi9 application by omitting any particular " goods or classes of goods in connexion with which he has " desired the design or trade mark to be registered."

25. After section one hundred and two of the principal Act the following section shall be added and numbered 102A; namely,

" (1.) All things required or authorised under this Act to be done by, to, or before the Beard of Trade, majr be done by, to, or " before the President or a secretary or an assistant secretary " of the Board.

" (2.) All documents purporting to be orders made by the Board " of Trade and to be sealed with the seal of the Board, or to be " signed by a secretary or assistant secretary of the Board, or " by any person authorised in that behalf by the President of the Board, shall be received in evidence, and shall be deemed " to be such orders without further proof, unless the contrary " is shown.

" (3.) A certificate, signed by the President of the Board of Trade, " that any order made or act done is the order or act of the " Board, shall be conclusive evidence of the fact so certified."

26. After section one hundred and twelve of the principal Act the following section shall be added and numbered 112a; namely,

" The Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of Lancaster " shall, with respect to any action or other proceeding in relation " to trade marks the registration whereof is applied for in the " Manchester Office, have the like jurisdiction under this Act as " Her Majesty's High Court of Justice in England, and the expression ‘ the court’in this Act shall be construed and have effect (t accordingly.

" Provided that every decision of the Court of Chancery of the " County Palatine of Lancaster in pursuance of this section shall be subject to the like appeal as decisions of that court in other " cases."

27. The principal Act shall, as from the commencement of this Act, take effect subject to the additions, omissions, and substitutions required by this Act, but nothing in this Act shall affect the validity of any act done, right acquired, or liability incurred before the commencement of this Act.

28. This Act shall, except so far as is by this Act otherwise specially provided, commence and come into operation on the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine.

29. This Act may be cited as the Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks Act, 1888, and this Act and the Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks Acts, 1883 to 1886, may be cited collectively as the Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks Acts, 1883 to 1888.

Proceedings of Board of Trade.

Jurisdiction of Lancashire Palatine Court.

Construction of principal Act.

[Commencement of Act.]

[Short title.]

410 Ch. 51. Land Charges Registration and Searches 51 & 52 Vict.

, 1888.

CHAPTER 51.

An Act for registering certain Charges on Land, and for facilitating Searches for them.

[24th December 1888.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Part I. — Introductory.

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Land Charges Registration and Searches Act, 1888.

Commence- 2. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January men’one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine, which day is in this Act referred to as the commencement of this Act: Provided that any rules under this Act may be made, and any other thing for the purpose of bringing this Act into operation may be done, at any time after the passing thereof, but any such rules or thing shall not take effect until the commencement of this Act.

3. This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland.

4. In this Act:

" Land " includes lands, messuages, tenements, and hereditaments corporeal and incorporeal of any tenure.

" Purchaser for value " includes a mortgagee or lessee, or other person who for valuable consideration takes any interest in land or in a charge on land, and " purchase " has a meaning corresponding with purchaser.

" Person " includes a body of persons corporate or unincorporate. "Prescribed" means prescribed by any general rules made in pursuance of this Act.

" Act of Parliament " includes local and personal Act.

" Land charge" means a rent or annuity or principal moneys payable by instalments, or otherwise, with or without interest charged, otherwise than by deed, upon land, under the provisions of any Act of Parliament, for securing to any person either the moneys spent by him or the costs, charges, and expenses incurred by him under such Act, or the moneys advanced by him for repaying the moneys spent, or the costs, charges, and expenses incurred by another person under the authority of an Act of Parliament, and a charge under the thirty-fifth section of the Land Drainage Act, 1861, or under the twenty-ninth section of the Agricultural Holdings (England) Act, 1883, but does not include a rate or scot.

" Deed of arrangement " has the same meaning as in the Deeds of Arrangement Act, 1887.

Extent.

Interpretation.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 18S.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 61.

60 & 61 Vict-c. 67.

1888. Land Charges Registration and Searches Ch. 51. 411

Act, 1888.

" Judgment19 does not include an order made by a court having jurisdiction in bankruptcy in the exercise of that jurisdiction, but, save as aforesaid, includes any order or decree having the effect of a judgment.

Part II. — Registration of Writs and Orders affecting

Land.

5. — (1.) There shall be established and kept at the Office of Register of Land Registry a register of writs and orders affecting land, and there *rits and may be registered therein, in the prescribed manner, any writ or ^e^8u^ffect~ order affecting land issued or made by any court for the purpose of enforcing a judgment, statute, or recognizance, and any order appointing a receiver or sequestrator of land.

(2.) Every entry made in pursuance of this section shall be made in the name of the person whose land is affected by the writ or order registered.

(3.) The registration of a writ or order in pursuance of this Act shall cease to have effect at the expiration of five years from the date of the registration, but may be renewed from time to time, and, if renewed, shall have effect for five years from the date of the renewal

(4.) Registration of a writ or order in pursuance of this section shall have the same effect as, and make unnecessary, registration thereof in the Central Office of the Supreme Court of Judicature in pursuance of any other Act.

6. Every such writ and order as is mentioned in section five, Protection of and every delivery in execution or other proceeding taken in pur- purchasers suance of any such writ or order, or in obedience thereto, shall be ^S1^011’ void as against a purchaser for value of the land unless the writ or writs and order is for the time being registered in pursuance of this Act. orders.

Provided that —

(a.) where the writ or order is at the commencement of this Act registered in pursuance of the Act of the session held in the twenty-seventh and twenty-eighth years of Her Majesty, chapter one hundred and twelve, intituled " An Act to amend the law relating to future judgments, statutes, and recognizances, " nothing in this section shall affect the operation of such writ or order until the expiry of the period for which it is so registered;

(b.) where the proceeding in which the writ or order was issued or made is for the time being registered as a lis pendens in the name of the person whose land is affected by the writ or order, nothing in this section shall affect the operation of such registration.

Part III. — Registration of Deeds of Arrangement.

7. A register (in this Act called the register of deeds of arrange- of

ment affecting land) shall be kept at the Office of Land Registry, arrangement

° ' 1 affecting land.

412

Registration of deeds of arrangement.

Protection of purchasers against unregistered deeds of arrangement.

Registry of land charges.

Expenses.

Protection of

purchasers

against

unregistered

charges.

Non-registered land charge existing at commencement of this Act.

Ch. 51. Land Charges Registration and Searches 51 & 52 Vict.

Act, 188a

and deeds of arrangement may be registered therein, in tie prescribed manner, in the name of the debtor.

8. A deed of arrangement may be registered in the register of deeds of arrangement affecting land on the application of a trustee of the deed, or of a creditor assenting to or taking the benefit of the deed, and the registration may be vacated pursuant to an order of the High Court of Justice or any judge thereof

9. Every deed of arrangement, whether made before or after the commencement of this Act, shall be void as against a person who, after the commencement of this Act, becomes a purchaser for value of any land comprised therein or affected thereby, unless and until such deed is registered in the register of deeds of arrangement affecting land:Provided that nothing in this section shall affect any deed of arrangement made before the commencement of this Act until the expiration of one year from the commencement of this Act if registered within that year.

Part IV. — Registration of Land Charges.

10. A register, in this Act called the register of land charges, shall be kept at the Office of Land Registry, and land charges may be registered therein in the prescribed manner: —

(1.) In the case of freehold land, in the name of the person beneficially entitled to the first estate of freehold at the time of the creation of the land charge:

(2.) In the case of copyhold land, in the name of the tenant on the court rolls at the time of the creation of the land charge. Provided that where the person by or on behalf of whom the application was made pursuant to which the land charge was created was beneficially entitled to a lease for lives or a life at a rent or to a term of years the land charge shall be registered also in the name of that person.

11. The expenses incurred by the person entitled to a land charge created before the commencement of this Act in causing the charge to be registered in the register of land charges shall be deemed to form part of such land charge, and shall be recoverable by him accordingly on the day for payment of any part of such land charge next after such expenses are incurred.

12. A land charge created after the commencement of this Act shall be void as against a purchaser for value of the land charged therewith, or of any interest in such land, unless and until such land charge is registered in the register of land charges in the manner mentioned in this Act.

13. After the expiration of one year from the first assignment by act inter vivos, occurring after the commencement of this Act, of a land charge created before the commencement of this Act, the person entitled thereto shall not be able to recover the same, or any part thereof, as against a purchaser for value of the land charged therewith or of any interest in such land, unless such land charge is

1888. Land Charges Registration and Searches Ch. 51, 52. 413

Act, 1888.

registered in the registry of land charges in the manner mentioned in this Act prior to the completion of the purchase.

14. The registration of a land charge may be vacated pursuant Vacation of to an order of the High Court of Justice or any judge thereof. entl7 *

Part V. — Supplemental.

15. An alphabetical index in the prescribed form shall be kept index to at the Office of Land Registry of all entries made in any register reS1'Bters-kept at that office pursuant to this Act.

16. Any person may search in any register or index kept in Searches, pursuance of this Act on paying the prescribed fee.

17. The provisions as to searches in the Central Office, requisi- Official tions, certificates, officers, clerks, persons, and for the protection ofsearches-solicitors, trustees, agents, and other persons in a fiduciary position contained in the second section to the Conveyancing Act, 1882, 45 & 46 Vict, except so much of those provisions as relates to the making of c*89* general rules, shall apply to searches in any register or index kept

in pursuance of this Act in the register of lis, the register

of deeds of arrangement affecting land, and the register of land charges, in the same manner as if this Act had been described in Part L of the First Schedule to the Conveyancing and Law of 44 & 45 Vict. Property Act, 1881. c. 41.

18. The Lord Chancellor may at any time after the passing of General rules, this Act, and from time to time, with the concurrence of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury as to fees, make such general

rules as may be required for carrying this Act into effect.

CHAPTER 52.

An Act to amend the Public Health Acts in relation to Buildings in Streets.

[24th December 1888.]

WHEREAS the provisions of the Public Health Act, 1875, with 38 & 39 Vict.

respect to bringing forward houses or buildings in streets are c* 55, defective, and it is expedient to make further provisions in relation thereto:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Public Health (Buildings in Short titles Streets) Act, 1888, and this Act and the Public Health Act, 1875, and construe-and the Public Health (Water) Act, 1878, and the Public Health h0Dm (Interments) Act, 1879, and the Public Health (Fruit Pickers Lodgings) Act, 1882, and the Public Health, 1875 (Support of Sewers), Amendment Act, 1883, and the Public Health (Confirmation of Byelaws) Act, 1884, and the Public Health (Officers) Act,

414

Interpretation.

Buildings not to be brought forward.

[Short title.]

Interpretation of terms.

Ch. 52, 53. Public Health (Buildings in Streets) 51 & 52 Vict.

Act, 1888.

1884, and the Public Health (Ships, &c.) Act, 1885, and the Public Health (Members and Officers) Act, 1885, may be cited together as the Public Health Acts, and this Act shall be construed as one with the Public Health Act, 1875.

2. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, words and expressions to which meanings are assigned by the Public Health Act, 1875, have in this Act the same respective meanings.

3. Section one hundred and fifty-six of the Public Health Act, 1875, is, save as herein-after mentioned, hereby repealed, and in lieu thereof it is hereby enacted that it shall not be lawful in any urban district, without the written consent of the urban authority, to erect or bring forward any house or building in any street, or any part of such house or building, beyond the front main wall of the house or building on either side thereof in the same street, nor to build any addition to any house or building beyond the front main wall of the house or building on either side of the same.

Any person offending against this enactment shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings for every day during which the offence is continued after written notice in this behalf from the urban authority.

Provided that the repeal by this Act enacted shall not affect anything duly done or suffered, or any right or liability acquired, accrued, or incurred, or any security given under the section hereby repealed, or any penalty, forfeiture, or punishment incurred in respect of any offence committed against such section, or any investigation, legal proceeding, or remedy in respect of any such right, liability, security, penalty, forfeiture, or punishment as aforesaid; and any such investigation, legal proceeding, and remedy may be carried on as if this Act had not been passed.

CHAPTER 53.

An Act to authorise the application of "Funds of Municipal Corporations and other Governing Bodies in Ireland in certain Cases.

[24th December 1888.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Borough Funds (Ireland) Act, 1888.

2. The term "governing body" in this Act shall mean the council of any municipal borough, the urban saintary authority, town or township commissioners, or other body acting under any general or local Act of Parliament for the management, improvement, cleansing, paving, lighting, and otherwise governing places

1888. Borough Funds (Ireland) Act, 1888. Ch. 53. 415

or districts; the term " district " shall mean the borough, place, township, or district within which the governing body may for the time being have jurisdiction; the term " Local Government Board " shall mean the Local Government Board for Ireland; and the term (l Chief Secretary " shall mean the Chief Secretary for the time being to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland.

3. When in the judgment of a governing body in any district Costs of pro-it is expedient for such governing body to promote or oppose any moting or local and personal Bill or Bills in Parliament, or to prosecute or Hamentoy and defend any legal proceedings necessary for the promotion or protec- other proceed-tion of the interests of the inhabitants of the district, it shall be onnhabitantsfit lawful for such governing body to apply the borough fund, borough to be charged rate, or other the public funds or rates under the control of such on borough and governing body, to the payment of the costs and expenses attending

the same; and when there are several funds or rates under the cases, control of the governing body, such governing body shall determine out of which fund or funds, rate or rates, such expense shall be payable, and in what proportions:Provided that nothing contained in this Act shall authorise any governing body to promote any Bill in Parliament for the establishment of any gas or water works to compete with any existing gas or water company established under any Act of Parliament: Provided also that no powers contained in this section shall apply in any case where the promotion of or opposition to a Bill by a governing body has been decided by a Committee of either House of Parliament to be unreasonable or vexatious.

4. No payment to any member of a governing body for acting membeTof *to

as counsel or agent in promoting or opposing any such Bill shall be governing

charged as aforesaid. body to be so

charged.

5. No expense in relation to promoting or opposing any Bill or costs of pro-Bills in Parliament shall be charged as aforesaid unless incurred in moting or pursuance of a resolution of an absolute majority of the whole J)(5>p08^fBlUs number of the governing body at a meeting of the governing body, tio^oiTspSaf after ten clear days notice by public advertisement of such meeting meetings, and and of the purpose thereof in some newspaper published or circu- mem1 Board" lating in the district; such notice to be in addition to the ordinary or Chief notices required for summoning such meeting: nor unless such Secretary, resolution shall have been published twice in some newspaper or newspapers circulating in the district, and shall have received, in

respect of matters within the jurisdiction of the Local Government Board the approval of such Board, and in respect of other matters the approval of the Chief Secretary; and in case of the promotion of a Bill in Parliament no further expense shall be incurred or charged as aforesaid after the deposit of the Bill, unless the propriety of such promotion shall be confirmed by such absolute majority at a further special meeting to be held in pursuance of a similar notice not less than fourteen days after the deposit of the Bill in Parliament. In submitting a resolution to the Local Government Board or the Chief Secretary, the governing body shall supply all such information concerning the matters in question as may appear

416

Provision as to approval of Local Government Board, &c.

Vote of the electors.

Ch. 53. Borough Funds (Ireland), 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

necessary to the Local Government Board or the Chief Secretary, as the case may be.

6. The approval of the Local Government Board, or of the Chief Secretary, as the case may be, shall not be given to any such resolution as aforesaid until the expiration of seven days after the second publication thereof as provided by this Act, and in the meantime any person qualified to vote at the election of the governing body of such district may give notice in writing to the Local Government Board, or the Chief Secretary, objecting to such approval.

Provided always that such approval shall be given within one calendar month after the expiration of the said seven days, unless where the Local Government Board or Chief Secretary, as the case may be, shall deem it expedient, before giving such approval, to direct a local inquiry to be held as herein-after provided, in which case such direction shall be given within the said calendar month; and in the eveut of a local inquiry being directed the Local Government Board or Chief Secretary, as the case may be, shall by the order directing such inquiry limit the time within which such approval shall be given or withheld.

7. No expense of promoting or opposing any Bill in Parliament shall be charged as aforesaid, unless such promotion or opposition shall have been approved by a special resolution of the persons qualified to vote at an election of the members of the governing body of such district, to be passed at a meeting summoned as herein-after mentioned.

A meeting for the purpose of passing any special resolution for the purposes of this Act shall be summoned by the mayor or chairman for the time being of the governing body of the district, and a month’s previous notice of the summoning of such meeting, stating the time and place where the same is to be held, shall be given in some newspaper or newspapers circulating in the district, and by causing notices of the same to be pasted in the places in which notices of such governing body are usually posted.

The mayor or chairman of the governing body of such district, or in case of his absence some one of the governing body of such district appointed with the consent of the majority of the persons present at such meeting, shall be chairman of such meeting. Such ch aii-man shall propose to the meeting the resolution for the application of the funds of the district in promoting or opposing the Bill in question, and the meeting shall decide by a majority of the persons present at the meeting and qualified to vote at the election of members of the governing body of such district, and voting for or against such application: Provided always, that if five persons present at the meeting and qualified to vote as aforesaid shall demand that the application of the funds of the district in promoting or opposing the Bill in question shall be decided by a poll, such poll shall be taken of the persons qualified as aforesaid in the way and subject to the conditions prescribed in Schedule I. to this Act.

1888.

417

Borough Funds (Ireland) Act, 1888. Ch. 53.

Where a special resolution is passed by any such meeting, and no poll is demanded, or where a poll is demanded and the demand is withdrawn at the instance of the persons making the same, the chairman shall make and sign a declaration to that effect, and shall transmit the same to the Local Government Board in Dublin.

All expenses properly and necessarily incurred in giving the notices and in convening and holding the meetings required by this section, and all expenses properly and necessarily incurred in taking a poll, if a poll is taken, shall, whether the proposed Bill is proceeded with or not, be chargeable upon the funds or rates upon which the expenses of promoting or opposing such Bill are made chargeable under this Act.

8. All costs, charges, aDd expenses incurred under the provisions Costs to be of this Act shall, before the same become chargeable, be examined examined-and allowed by an auditor of the Local Government Board.

9. The Local Government Board or Chief Secretary shall have Provision power to direct a local inquiry to be held upon any application

under this Act, by any person or persons whom they may respec- mqmr*v‘ tively nominate for the purpose, and to require security to be given by the governing body for the costs and expenses of such local inquiry.

10. Nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to alter or Saving, affect any special provision which is or shall be contained in any other Act for the payment of the costs, charges, and expenses intended to be provided for by this Act, or to take away or diminish

any rights or powers now possessed or enjoyed by any governing body, or which are or shall be vested in or exerciseable by the inhabitants of any district under general or special Act.

11. The one hundred and forty-second section of the Towns Repeal of

Improvement Clauses Act, 1847, is hereby repealed so far as the 10 & 11 vict-same is inconsistent with the provisions of this Act. c‘ 84, 8* 142‘

12. The provisions of this Act shall not extend to applications for Limitation of any Bill in Parliament for any object which would, for the time Act-being, be attainable by Provisional Order.

SCHEDULES. Section 7.

SCHEDULE I.

Rules for taking a Poll.

1. The presiding officer, for the purpose of taking the poll, shall be the

mayor or chairman of the governing body of the district, or in case of his absence the chairman of the meeting at which the poll was demanded, and all powers and duties by this Act vested in or imposed on the presiding officer, and all other duties requisite to be performed by him in relation to such taking the poll, shall be exercised by such mayor or chairman as aforesaid.

2. If the office of mayor or chairman of the governing body is vacant at the time when any such power or duty must be exercised or performed, or if the mayor or chairman of the governing body, or the chairman of the said meeting, as the case may be, from illness or other sufficient cause, is unable

418

Cfc. 53. Borough Funds (Ireland) , 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

to exercise or perform such powers or duties, or is absent or refuses to act, some other person shall be appointed by the governing body to exercise or perform such powers and duties.

3. The governing body shall before or during the poll appoint a competent number of persons to assist the presiding officer in conducting and completing the same.

4. The presiding officer shall within three days after the meeting at which the poll was demanded, but not less than seven days before the day appointed for the collection of the voting papers, publish a notice signed by him and specifying the date and place of the said meeting, the resolution proposed thereat, the facts that a poll was demanded and will be taken, the day or days on which the voting papers will be delivered and the day on which they will be collected, and the place for the examination and casting up of the votes; and shall also cause copies of such notice to be affixed on the usnal place or places for affixing notices in the district.

5. The poll shall be taken by voting papers in the form in Schedule II. to this Act; and the presiding officer shall cause voting papers in the said form to be prepared, and shall insert therein the resolution upon which the poll is to be taken, and the date and place of the meeting at which such resolution was proposed, and the day and timo when the voting papers are to be collected.

6. The presiding officer, three days at least before the day of collection of the voting papers, shall cause one of such voting] papers to be delivered, by persons appointed by him for that purpose, at the address stated in the register or list for the time being of each person qualified to vote at an election of the members of the governing body of the district.

7. Each voter shall write his initials in the voting paper delivered to him under the heading " in favour of" or " against, " according as he votes for or against the resolution, and shall sign such voting paper.

8. Any voter unable to write shall affix his mark at the foot of the voting paper in presence of a witness, who shall attest and write the name of the voter against the mark, as well as the initials of such voter, under the heading "in favour of" or "against, " according as such voter intends to vote for or against the resolution.

9. The presiding officer shall cause the voting papers to be collected on the day of collection by such persons as he may appoint.

10. No voting paper shall be received or admitted unless the same has been delivered at the address of the voter as aforesaid, nor unless the same is collected by the persons appointed for that purpose: Provided that —

(a.) If any person entitled to receive a voting paper has not received a voting paper as aforesaid, he shall, on personal application before the day of collection to the presiding officer, be entitled to receive a voting paper from him, and to fill up the same in his presence, and then and there to deliver the same to him:

(6.) If any voting paper duly delivered has not been collected through the default of the presiding officer or the persons appointed to collect the same, the voter in person may deliver the same to the presiding officer before twelve o’clock at noon on the day appointed for the examination and casting up of the votes.

11. The presiding officer shall on the day immediately following the day of the collection of the voting papers, and on as many days immediately succeeding as may be necessary, attend at the place appointed for the examination and casting up of the votes, and ascertain the validity of the votes by an examination of the register or list for the time being of the persons qualified to vote at an election of the members of the governing body of the district, and by examining such persons as he may see fit. Ho shall cast up such of the votes as he finds to be valid, and to have been duly given, collected, or received, and shall ascertain the number of such votes in favour of and against the adoption of the resolution respectively.

Any three of the persons who demanded the poll may themselves attend or appoint an agent to attend the examination and casting up of the votes; any person so attending who obstructs or in any way interferes with the examination and casting up of the votes, may, by order of the presiding officer, be forthwith removed from the place appointed for that purpose, and if so removed shall not be permitted to return.

1888.

419

Borough Funds (Ireland) Act, 1888. Ch. 53.

12. The presiding officer shall forthwith make and sign a declaration of the result of the poll and transmit the same to the Local Government Board in Dublin.

13. If the presiding officer refuses or neglects to comply with any of the provisions of this Schedule relating to the taking of the poll, he shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding fifty pounds, and any person employed for the purpose of the poll, by or under the presiding officer, who is guilty of any such neglect or remsal shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds, such penalties to be recovered in a summary manner.

14. Any person who —

Fabricates in whole or in part, or alters, defaces, destroys, abstracts, or purloins any voting paper, or Personates any person entitled to vote at any poll, or Falsely assumes to act in the name or on the behalf of any person so entitled to vote, or Interferes with the delivery or collection of any voting papers, or Delivers any voting paper under a false pretence of being lawfully authorised so to do, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds, or, in the discretion of the court, to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for any period not exceeding three months, such offence to be prosecuted and penalty to be recovered in a summary manner.

SCHEDULE II.

Form of Voting Paper for Poll taken under Schedule I. Voting Paper No.

At a meeting held on the day of 18, at

in the of, it was agreed that

the following resolution should be proposed to the persons qualified to vote at an election of the members of [insert description of the governing body of the district] of

[Set out the ]

— In favour of. Against.

Do you vote in favour of or against the adoption of the above resolution ?

(Signed!

or the mark of

Witness to the mark _

Directions to the Voter.

The voter must write his initials under the heading "in favour of" or " against, " according as he votes for or against the resolution, and must subscribe his name and address at full length.

• Any voter unable to write shall affix his mark at the foot of the voting paper in presence of a witness, who shall attest and write the name of the voter against the mark, as well as the initials of such voter, under the heading " in favour of " or "against" according as such voter intends to vote for or against the resolution.

This paper will be collected on the day of between the hours of and

420

Ca. 54.

Sea Fisheries Regulation Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Establishment of sea fisheries districts and local fisheries committees.

SI & 52 Vict. c. 41.

CHAPTER 54.

An Act for the Regulation of the Sea Fisheries of England and Wales.

[24th December 1888.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) The Board of Trade may from time to time on the application of a county council or borough council, by order,

(a) create a sea fisheries district comprising any part of the sea within which Her Majesty's subjects have by international law the exclusive right of fishing, either with or without any part of the adjoining coast of England and Wales; and (6) define the limits of the district, and the area chargeable with any expenses under this Act; and (c) provide for the constitution of a local fisheries committee for the regulation of the sea fisheries carried on within the district;

and may from time to time on like application by subsequent order vary any order made under this section, or unite two or more districts or parts of districts into a separate district, or dissolve any district that may have been formed.

(2.) The local fisheries committee for a sea fisheries district shall be a committee of a county council or borough council, or, if two or more councils appear to be interested, a joint committee of those councils, with the addition in each case of such members representing the fishing interests of the district, including members representing any board of salmon conservators having jurisdiction within the district, as may be directed by the order creating the district, such number of fishery members not being in the aggregate less than the number of members of the county or borough councils provided by the order creating the district. The fishery members shall hold office for the same time as the members appointed by the county or borough council or councils, and any vacancy amongst the fishery members which may arise in the interval shall be filled up by a representative of the fishing interest in respect of which it occurs. The members representing a board of salmon conservators shall be appointed by that board.

(3.) The law relating to committees and joint committees of county councils shall, subject to the provisions of the order constituting a local fisheries committee, apply to the local fisheries committee in like manner as if the powers and duties of that committee were powers and duties transferred by the Local Government Act, 1888, to the council or councils represented on the committee, and delegated to the committee by the said council or councils, and as if any borough council represented on the committee were a county council.

(4.) Every order made by the Board of Trade under this section shall be laid for thirty days before both Houses of Parliament while in session, and if either House within that period resolves

1888.

Ch. 54.

421

Sea Fisheries Regulation Act, 1888.

that the whole or any part of the order ought not to be in force the same shall not have any force, without prejudice nevertheless to the making of any other order in its place. Subject to any such resolution, every order so made shall come into force at the expiration of the thirty days aforesaid.

(5.) In case a county council or borough council, to whom application has been made by not less than twenty inhabitant ratepayers interested in sea fisheries, refuse or neglect to apply to the Board of Trade to create a sea fisheries district for the space of six months from the date of the application, the persons making such application shall, within twelve months from the date thereof, be entitled to apply to the Board of Trade for an order establishing such sea fisheries district, and the Board of Trade shall, unless the council can show to their satisfaction that such order should not be made, proceed as if an application had been made by the council.

(6.) Before making any order creating a sea fisheries district the Board of Trade shall cause the draft of such order to be locally published in such manner as they direct, and shall, if any objections are made to such orders, or any of the provisions thereof, cause such local inquiry to be held as may in their opinion be required.

Due notice of such inquiry shall be given by advertisement or otherwise, and the report of the person holding such inquiry shall, if the order is made, be laid with the order before both Houses of Parliament.

2. — (1.) A local fisheries committee for a sea fisheries district Byelaws for may from time to time, subject to such regulations as may be made gef^heries. in that behalf by the Board of Trade, make byelaws, to be observed within their district, for all or any of the following purposes, namely, —

(a.) For restricting or prohibiting, either absolutely or subject to such regulations as may be provided by the byelaws, any method of fishing for sea fish or the use of any instrument of fishing for sea fish, and for determining the size of mesh, form, and dimensions of any instrument of fishing for sea fish;

(b.) For constituting within their district any district of oyster

cultivation for the purposes of section four of the Fisheries 40 & 41 Vict; (Oyster, Crab, and Lobster) Act, 1877; c. 42.

(c.) For directing that the proviso to section eight of the Fisheries (Oyster, Crab, and Lobster) Act, 1877, which permits edible crabs in certain conditions or under a certain size to be taken by or be in the possession of any person if those crabs are intended for bait for fishing, shall not apply;

(d.)For repealing or amending any order made under section ten of the Fisheries (Oyster, Crab, and Lobster) Act, 1877, or under the Fisheries (Oyster, Crab, and Lobster) Act (1877)47 48 vict* Amendment Act, 1884; c ’

(e.) For prohibiting or regulating the deposit or discharge of any solid or liquid substance detrimental to sea fish or sea fishing; and

(j£) For repealing or amending any byelaw made in pursuance of this Act.

422

Ch. 54.

Penalties for breach of byelaws.

Confirmation of byelaws.

Copies and evidence of byelaws.

Appointment and powers of fishery officers.

Sea Fisheries Regulation Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

(2.) A byelaw made in pursuance of this Act may provide for its application either to the whole or any specified part or parts of the district for which it is made, and either during the whole or any specified part or parts of the year.

3. A local fisheries committee may, by their byelaws, impose as penalties for the breach of any byelaw fines not exceeding for any one offence the sum of twenty pounds, and in the case of a continuing offence the additional sum of ten pounds for every day during which the offence continues, and in any case forfeiture of any fishing instrument used or sea fish taken in contravention of, or found in the possession of a person contravening, any byelaw; and any such penalties may be recovered and enforced on summary conviction.

4. — (1.) A byelaw made in pursuance of this Act shall not be of any validity until it has been confirmed by the Board of Trade.

(2.) The Board of Trade may, if they think fit, before confirming a byelaw made in pursuance of this Act, cause such local inquiry as they think fit to be held with respect to the byelaw, and may, in any case, confirm any such byelaw, either without modifications, or with such modifications as may be assented to by the local fisheries committee.

5. — (1.) The local fisheries committee shall cause copies of all byelaws made by them under this Act, and for the time being in force, to be kept posted up in some conspicuous place or places within their district, and shall supply copies of all such byelaws to any applicant, on payment of a sum not exceeding one penny for each copy.

(2.) The production of a copy of any byelaw made in pursuance of this Act, purporting to be signed by a secretary or assistant secretary of the Board of Trade, shall be conclusive evidence of the byelaw and of the due making and confirmation thereof.

6. — (1.) Subject to any restrictions or conditions as to expenditure made by the council or councils by whom a local fisheries committee is appointed, the committee may appoint such fishery officers as they deem expedient for the purpose of enforcing the observance within their district of byelaws made by the committee: Provided that nothing in this section shall exempt the coastguard and Admiralty officers from their statutory duty in enforcing the laws and regulations affecting vessels engaged in sea fishing.

(2.) For the purpose of enforcing those byelaws every such fishery officer may within the limits of the district, or of any adjoining sea fisheries district or district under the jurisdiction of salmon conservators, or of a harbour authority, —

(a.) Stop and search any vessel or vehicle used within the district in fishing or in conveying either fish or any substance the deposit or discharge of which is prohibited or regulated by any such byelaws; and

(6.) Search and examine all instruments used in catching or carrying fish; and

423

1888. Sea Fisheries Regulation Act, 1888. Ch. 54.

(c.) Seize any sea fish or instrument liable to be forfeited in pursuance of any such byelaws.

(3.) If any person without reasonable excuse (proof whereof shall lie on him) refuses to allow any such officer to exercise the powers conferred upon him by this Act, or resists or obstructs any such officer in the performance of his duty, he shall for every such offence be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(4.) For the enforcement of the provisions of any such byelaws every such officer shall be deemed to be a constable, and to have the same powers and privileges and be subject to the same liabilities as a constable duly appointed has and is subject to in his constablewick at common law or by statute.

(5.) A local fisheries committee may, with the consent of any board of salmon conservators, appoint as an officer of the committee any officer of the board; and a board of salmon conservators may, with the consent of a local fisheries committee, appoint as an officer of the board any officer of the committee.

7. It shall be lawful for any justice of the peace, upon information on oath that there is probable cause to suspect any breach of any byelaw made under this Act to have been committed on any premises, or that any sea fish or instrument liable to be forfeited in pursuance of any such byelaw is concealed on any premises, by warrant under his hand and seal to authorise and empower any fishery officer appointed under this Act, or any police officer, to enter the premises for the purpose of detecting the offence or the concealed fish or instrument at such time or times in the day or night as in the warrant may be mentioned, and to seize any such fish or instruments which may be found on the premises: Provided that the warrant shall not continue in force for more than one week from the date thereof.

8. Every local fisheries committee shall collect such statistics relating to the sea fisheries within the district of the committee and make such returns to the Board of Trade as to the proceedings of the committee under this Act and as to the sea fisheries aforesaid as the Board of Trade may reasonably require: Provided that any expenses which the local fisheries committee may be required by the Board of Trade to incur in the collection of statistics shall be borne by moneys to be provided by Parliament.

9. The Board of Trade shall convene a meeting composed of not less than one representative selected by each of the local fisheries committees at least once in each year, to confer with the heads of the Fishery Department of the Board of Trade, and for consultative purposes on matters relating to this Act.

10. The expenses of a local fisheries committee, so far as payable by a county council, shall, according as is provided by the order providing for the constitution of the local fisheries committee, be general or special expenses within the meaning of the Local Government Act, 1888, and if special expenses shall be charged in manner directed by the order, and the expenses of the committee,

Power to enter

suspected

places.

Returns by local fisheries committees.

Annual meeting of representatives of local committees.

Expenses of committee.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 41.

424

Contents of order for constitution of committee.

Relations of local fisheries committees to conservators under Salmon Acts and harbour authorities.

Saving for several fisheries, &c.

Cfl. 54. Sea Fisheries Regulation Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

so far as payable by the council of a borough, shall be paid out of the borough rate or borough fund.

1L An order providing for the constitution of a local fisheries committee may contain such regulations consistent with this Act with respect to the number and mode of appointment of the members of the committee, and with respect to other matters relating to the constitution of the committee, as may seem expedient to the Board of Trade.

12. — (1.) Where a proposed sea fisheries district will adjoin or overlap the district of a board of salmon conservators, the Board of Trade shall, by the order defining the limits of the sea fisheries district, draw a line at or near the mouth of every river or stream flowing into the sea, or into any estuary within those limits, or at the option of the Board of Trade at or near the mouth of any estuary within those limits, and the sea fisheries district shall not extend into any such river, stream, or estuary above that line; but the order may provide that with respect to any such river, stream, or estuary, or any area subject to a byelaw made under section thirty-nine, subsection eight, of the Salmon Fishery Act, 1873, the conservators shall have the powers of a local fisheries committee.

(2.) Where an area is under the jurisdiction of salmon conservators, or of a harbour authority, and an application for the creation of a sea fisheries district comprising that area or any part thereof has not been made or has been refused, the Board of Trade may, if they think fit, by order, confer on the conservators or harbour authority the powers of a local fisheries committee with respect to that area, and may vary or rescind any such order if the area, or any part thereof, is subsequently comprised in a sea fisheries district.

(3.) A local fisheries committee shall not have jurisdiction within any area for the time being subject to a byelaw made under section thirty-nine, subsection eight, of the Salmon Fishery Act, 1873.

(4.) Where salmon conservators or a harbour authority have the powers of a local fisheries committee in pursuance of this section, those powers shall be exercised subject to the same conditions as if exercised by a local fisheries committee, and the provisions of this Act shall apply in the case of byelaws made or officers appointed in exercise of any such powers as if the byelaws were made or the officers appointed by a local fisheries committee.

13. Nothing in this Act shall authorise a local fisheries committee to make any byelaw

(a) prejudicially affecting any right of several fishery, or any right on, to, or over any portion of the seashore, where any such right is enjoyed by any person under any local or special Act of Parliament, or any Royal charter, letters patent, prescription, or immemorial usage, without the consent of that person; or

(b) affecting any byelaw made, or to be made, by a board of salmon conservators, and for the time being in force within

1888.

425

Sea Fisheries Regulation Act, 1888. Ch. 54.

the district of the committee, or restricting the power of a board of salmon conservators to make any such byelaw; or

(c) affecting any power of a sanitary or other local authority to discharge sewage in pursuance of any power given by a general or local Act of Parliament, or by a Provisional Order confirmed by Parliament.

14. For the purposes of this Act — Definitions.

The expression "county council " shall mean a county council

established under the Local Government Act, 1888.

The expression "borough council " shall mean the council of any municipal borough containing, according to the census of one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one, a population of not less than twenty thousand.

The expression "sea fish " shall not include salmon as defined by any Act relating to salmon, but, save as aforesaid, shall mean fish of all kinds found in the sea, and shall also include lobsters, crabs, shrimps, prawns, oysters, mussels, cockles, and other kinds of crustaceans and shell fish.

The expression "sea " includes the coust up to high-water mark.

The expression "vessel " includes ship, boat, lighter, and craft of every kind, whether stationary or navigated by steam or otherwise.

The expression "person " includes any body of persons corporate or unincorporate.

The expression "fishing interests " includes all persons interested in fisheries, either as owners of fisheries or interests therein, fishermen, fishing-boat owners, smack owners, fish curers, fish merchants, or otherwise, and any board of salmon conservators.

The expression "salmon conservators" means conservators under the Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Acts, 1861 to 1886, or any of them.

The expression "harbour authority" means any body corporate, persons, or person being or claiming to be proprietors or proprietor of, or entrusted with the duty of improving, managing, maintaining, or regulating any harbour.

15. This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland. Extent Act.

16. The Acts described in the schedule to this Act are hereby K!*1' repealed, without prejudice to any order made or thing done under any such Act before the passing of this Act.

17. This Act may be cited as the Sea Fisheries Regulation Act, short title-1888.

SCHEDULE. Acts Repealed.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. I

44 & 45 Vict. c. 11. - The Sea Fisheries (Clam and Bait Beds) Act, 1881.

47 & 48 Vict. c. 26. - The Fisheries (Oyster, Crab, and Lobster) Act (1877) Amendment Act, 1884.

426

Ch. 55, 56. Sand-Grouse Protection Act, 1888. 51 & 52 VICT.

Penalty for killing sand-grouse.

[Short title.]

CHAPTER 55.

An Act for the better Protection of the Sand-Grouse in the United Kingdom.

[24th December 1888.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide for the protection of the sand-grouse, in order that it may, if possible, become acclimatised in the United Kingdom:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Any person who shall, after the first day of February one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine, and before the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and ninety-two, knowingly or with intent kill, wound, or take any sand-grouse, or shall expose or offer for sale any sand-grouse killed or taken in the United Kingdom, shall, on conviction of any such offence before any justice or justices of the peace in England and Ireland, or before the sheriff* or any justice or justices of the peace in Scotland, forfeit and pay for every such bird so killed, wounded, or taken, or exposed or offered for sale, such sum of money not exceeding one pound as to the said justice or justices shall seem meet, together with the costs of conviction.

2. This Act may be cited as the Sand-Grouse Protection Act, 1888.

CHAPTER 56.

An Act to make further provision for the Nomination of Bishops Suffragans.

[24th December 1888.]

WHEREAS by the Act of the twenty-sixth year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, chapter fourteen, intituled "An " Act for nomination and consecration of suffragans within this " realm, " it was enacted that the towns therein named should be taken and accepted for sees of bishops suffragans:

And whereas it is desirable to add to the number of towns for the purposes of that Act:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Suffragans Nomination Act, 1888.

2. From and after the passing of this 'Act, for the purposes of the herein-before recited Act, such other towns as Her Majesty the Queen may from time to time by Order in Council direct shall be taken and accepted for sees of bishops suffragans as if they had been included in that Act, and that Act shall be construed and have effect accordingly.

Other towns to be sees for suffragans besides those named in 26 Hen. 8. c. 14.

1888,

427

Suffragans Nomination Act, 1888. Ch. 56, 57.

3. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty by writing under Her Royal Sign Manual from time to time to substitute for the see of any bishop suffragan nominated before the passing of this Act any town included in any such Order in Council as in the last preceding section mentioned, and that town shall thenceforth be taken and accepted for the see of that bishop suffragan as if he had been originally nominated thereto.

CHAPTER 57.

An Act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing superfluous expressions of enactment, and Enactments which have ceased to he in force or have become unnecessary.

[24th December 1888.]

WHEREAS in numerous statutes the expression "be it further enacted, " or similar expressions of enactment, are frequently repeated, and it is expedient, with a view to the revision of the Statute Law, and particularly to the improvement of the Revised Edition of the Statutes, to repeal these expressions which are superfluous:

And whereas it is expedient that certain enactments which may be regarded as spent, or have ceased to be in force otherwise than by express specific repeal by Parliament, or have, by lapse of time or otherwise, become unnecessary, should be expressly and specifically repealed:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L The enactments described in the schedule to this Act are hereby repealed, subject to the exceptions and qualifications in the schedule mentioned:

Provided that the repeal of any words or expressions of enactment described in the schedule to this Act shall not affect the binding force, operation, or construction of any statute, or of any part of a statute, whether as respects the past or future;

and where any enactment not comprised in the schedule to this Act has been repealed, confirmed, revived, or perpetuated by any enactment hereby repealed, such repeal, confirmation, revivor, or perpetuation shall not be affected by the repeal effected by this Act;

and the repeal by this Act of any enactment or schedule shall not affect any enactment in which such enactment or schedule has been applied, incorporated, or referred to;

nor shall such repeal of any enactment affect any right to any hereditary revenues of the Crown, or affect any charges thereupon or prevent any such enactment from being put in force for the collection of any such revenues, or otherwise in relation thereto;

Power to change see of present suffragans.

Enactments in schedule repealed.

Saving.

428

Application of repealed enactments in 4ocal courts.

[Short title.]

Ch. 57. Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

and this Act shall not affect the validity, invalidity, effect, or consequences of anything already done or suffered, — or any existing status or capacity, — or any right, title, obligation, or liability already acquired, accrued, or incurred, or any remedy or proceeding in respect thereof, — or any release or discharge of or from any debt, penalty, obligation, liability, claim, or demand, — or any indemnity, — or the proof of any past act or thing;

nor shall this Act affect any principle or rule of law or equity, or established jurisdiction, form or course of pleading, practice, or procedure, or the general or public nature of any statute, or any existing usage, franchise, liberty, custom, privilege, restriction, exemption, office, appointment, payment, allowance, emolument, or benefit, or any prospective right, notwithstanding that the same respectively may have been in any manner affirmed, recognised* or derived by, in, or from any enactment hereby repealed;

nor shall this Act revive or restore any jurisdiction, office, duty, drawback, fee, payment, franchise, liberty, custom, liability, right, title, privilege, restriction, exemption, usage, practice, procedure, form of punishment, or other matter or thing not now existing or in force:

and this Act shall not extend to repeal any enactment so far as the same may be in force in any part of Her Majesty's Dominions out of the United Kingdom, except where otherwise expressed in the said schedule.

2. If and so far as any enactment repealed by this Act applies or may have been by Order in Council applied to the court of the county palatine of Lancaster or to any inferior court of civil jurisdiction, such enactment shall be construed as if it were contained in a local and personal Act specially relating to such court, and shall have effect accordingly.

3. This Act may be cited as the Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888.

SCHEDULE.

A description or citation of a portion of an Act is inclusive of the words, section, or other part first or last mentioned or otherwise referred to as forming the beginning or as forming the end of the portion comprised in the description or citation.

Enactments which have been already repealed are, in a few instances, included in the schedule, in order to a void the necessity of reference to previous statutes.

Reign and Chapter.

Title.

26 Geo. 3. c. 100.

An Act to prevent occasional inhabitants from voting in the election of members to serve in Parliament for cities and boroughs in that part of Great Britain called England, and the dominion of Wales.

1888,

Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. Ch. 57.

429

Reign and Chapter. Title.

5 Geo. 4. c. 12. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to facilitate" and ends with the words "England and Wales." In part; namely, — The words "And be it farther enacted that" wherever they occur. Section four, the words "also that." Section seventeen.

5 Geo. 4. c. 32. An Act to amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled " An Act for amending the Laws 4 respecting the Solemnisation of Marriages in England." In part; namely, — The words "And be it further enacted that" wherever they occur.

5 Geo. 4. o. 38. - An Act to amend Two Acts for maintaining and keeping in Repair the Military and Parliamentary Roads in the Highlands of Scotland. In part; namely, — The words "And be it further enacted that" wherever they occur. Section seven, the word "that" before " if such owner or occupier."

5 Geo. 4. c. 44. - An Act for allowing Persons to compound for their Assessed Taxes for the Remainder of the Periods of Composition limited by former Acts, and for granting Relief in certain Ca?es.

5 Geo. 4. c. 64. - An Act to amend the several Acts for the Encouragement and Improvement of the British and Irish Fisheries. In part; namely, — Section ten, the words "And be it further enacted that, " and the word "that " before " a list of the names " and before " in Ireland all such sums."

5 Geo. 4. o. 67. - An Act for the better Administration of Justice in Newfoundland, and for other Purposes. In part; namely, — The words " And be it further enacted that " in sections two to ten, thirteen to seventeen, twenty to twenty-two, and thirty-five, and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. Section twelve, the words "and be it further enacted."

5 Geo. 4. c. 72. - An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act for augmenting Parochial Stipends in certain Cases in Scotland. In part; namely, — Section three, the words "And be it farther enacted that." Section five, the words "and be it enacted." Section six, the words "And be it enacted that."

5 Geo. 4. c. 74. - An Act for ascertaining and establishing Uniformity of Weights and Measures. In part; namely, — Section twenty-five, the words "and be it further enacted, " the words "from and after che passing of this Act, " and from "save and except" to " multiples thereof."

430

Ch. 57. Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

5 Geo. 4. c. 82. - An Act for better regulating the Office of Clerk of the Parliaments. In part; namely, — The preamble. Section two, to " thereafter, " and the word "that" before " such clerk." Section three, to " passing of this Act " and the words "(except as herein-after provided), " and the word "that " before Such ‘ officers." Section fire, to " passing of this Act."

5 Geo. 4. c. 83. - An Act for the Punishment of idle and disorderly Persons and Rogues and Vagabonds in that Part of Great Britain called England. In part; namely, — The preamble, from " the said Act " to " no longer; and." The words "And be it further enacted that" in sections three to six, eight to fourteen, nineteen, and twenty. Section four, from " every person playing or betting " to " game of chance." Section fifteen, the words "and be it farther enacted." Section sixteen, to " passing of this Act." Section twenty-two, the words "and be it farther enacted."

5 Geo. 4. c. 84. - An Act for the Transportation of Offenders from Great Britain. In part; namely, — The words "And be it further enacted that" in sections two to six, eight, ten to thirteen, fifteen, sixteen, eighteen to twenty-four, twenty-seren, and twenty-eight, and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. The words " and be it further enacted " in sections seven and nine.

5 Geo. 4. c. 87. - An Act to authorise the Proprietors of Entailed Estates in Scotland to grant Provisions to the Wives or Husbands and Children of such Proprietors. In part; namely, — The words " And be it further enacted that" in sections two, four, and twelve. The words " and be it enacted " in sections three and seven. Section five, the words "and be it further enacted." Section six, the words "and be it enacted and declared." Section eight/the words "and be it further enacted and declared." The words " And be it enacted that " in sections nine and ten. Section eleven, to " declared that." Section thirteen, to ‘ ‘ declared that."

1888. Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. Ch. 57.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

5 Geo. 4. c. 90. - An Act to amend an Act for building additional Places of Worship in the Highlands and Islands of Scotland. In part; namely, — The words " And be it further enacted that " in sections two to six, eight to eleven, thirteen to seventeen, nineteen, twenty-one to twenty-six, twenty-nine, and thirty, and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. The words " and be it enacted " in section seven. The words " and be it farther enacted " in sections twelve and twenty-seven.

5 Geo. 4. c. 96. - An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relative to the Arbitration of Disputes between Masters and Workmen. In part; namely, — The words "And be it farther enacted that" in sections two to six, eight to eleven, fifteen, seventeen to twenty, twenty-two to twenty-four, and twenty-six to thirty-one. The words " and be it further enacted " in sections seven, twelve to fourteen, sixteen, twenty-one, thirty-three, and thirty-five. The words " and be it enacted " in section thirty -two.

5 Geo. 4. c. 102. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend" and ends with the words "Dublin Metropolis." In part; namely, — Section five, to " enacted that." Section seven, to " passing of this Act, " and the word "that " before " all trials and convictions." The words " And be it further enacted that " in sections ten and eleven, seventeen to nineteen, twenty-fivo, twenty-six, twenty-eight, thirty, and thirty-one. Section sixteen, to " passing of this Act." Section twenty-seven, to " passing of this Act " where those words first occur, the words "who now holds or, " and from " at any time after the expiration " to the end of the section. Section twenty-eight, the word "that " where it secondly occurs.

5 Geo. 4. c. 103. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An " Act to make further Provision " and ends with the words "in populous Parishes." In part; namely, — The words " And be it further enacted that " in sections six to nine, eleven, twelve, and fourteen to eighteen. The words " and be it further enacted " in sections ten and thirteen. Section eleven, the word "that " before " the said | bishop."

432

Ch. 57. Statute Law Revision 2) Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Tier.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

5 Geo. 4. c. 113. - An Act to amend and consolidate the Laws relating to the Abolition of the Slave Trade. In part; namely, — The words "And be it further enacted that"in sections two to eleven, thirty-nine, and forty-seven. Section nine, the words "after the first day of " January one thousand eight hundred and " twenty-five, " and the words "after the said " first day of January one thousand eight hundred and twenty-five, " and from " and being convicted " to end of section. Section twelve, the words "and it is hereby further enacted and declared." Section forty, the words "and be it further enacted."

6 Geo. 4. c. 7. - An Act for the further Repeal of certain Duties of Assessed Taxes, and for granting Relief in the CaseB therein mentioned. In part; namely, — Section three, the words "And be it further enacted that." Section seven.

6 Geo. 4. c. 8. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the words "for other purposes thereifi mentioned." In part; namely, — Section two, the words "from and after the passing of this Act." Section three, the words "from and after the passing of this Act " occurring twice.

6 Geo. 4. c. 9. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for continuing " and ends with the words "One thousand eight hundred and twenty-five." In part; namely, — The title, the words "personal estates, " and from " and also " to the end of the title. The words "And be it further enacted that" in sections three and seven. Sections one and two. Section three, the word "that" before "all and every person." Sections four to six. Section seven, the words "in respect of personal estates and." Section eight, to the end of the Act.

6 Geo. 4. c. 17. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to extend " and ends with the words "His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors." In part; namely, — Section two, the words "And be it further enacted that." Section three, the words "and be it further enacted."

1888.

Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. Ch. 57.

433

Reign and Chapter. Title.

6 Geo. 4. c. 22. -! i i An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to regulate " and ends with the words "High Treason in Scotland." In part; namely, — The words And be it further enacted that " in sections three, four, and nineteen. The words " and be it enacted " in sections two, five, and ten. The words "And be it enacted that" in sections six to nine, eleven to eighteen, and twenty.

6 Geo. 4. c. 23. - An Act for the better Regulation of the Sheriff and Stewart and Burgn Courts of Scotland. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted that " in sections two, four, and six. The words " and be it enacted " in section five. Section six, from "who has been appointed" to " fourteen, or." The words " And be it further enacted that " in sections seven and ten.

6 Geo. 4. c. 30. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the words "Chancery in Ireland." In part; namely, — Section five, the words "and be it further enacted." Section eighteen, to " enacted that." Section niueteen, to " of this Act."

6 Geo. 4. c. 42. - An Act for the better Regulation of Co-partnerships of certain Bankers in Ireland. In part; namely, — The words "And be it farther enacted that" in sections three, six, seven, ten to eighteen, twenty to twenty-two, and twenty-four, and the word "that" wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. The words " and be it further enacted " in section five. The words " and be it enacted " in sections nine, nineteen, and twonty-six. Section twenty-five.

6 Geo. 4. c. 46. - An Act to prevent Articled Clerks of Attornies and others, in Great Britain, from being prejudiced by the Neglect of such Attornies, and others, in omitting to take out their annual Certificates.

6 Geo. 4. c. 47. - An Act for restricting the Punishment of Leasing-making, Sedition, and Blasphemy in Scotland. In part; namely, — Section two to " enacted that."

6 Geo. 4. c. 48. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to alter" and ends with the words "Small Debts in Scotland." In part; namely, — Section two, to " commencement of this Act." The words "And be it enacted that" in sections

three to six, eight to thirteen, fifteen to seventeen, nineteen to twenty-two, twenty-four, and j twenty-six.

434

Ch. 57. Statute Law Revision (No.) Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Tide.

6 Geo. 4. c. 48. — cont. The words "and be it enacted" in sections seven and twenty.five. The words " And be it further enacted that" in sections fourteen, eighteen, twenty-three, and twenty-seven. Section twenty-six.

6 Geo. 4. c. 50 - An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws relative to Jurors and Juries. In part; namely, — The words " And be it further enacted that " in sections five, eight to twelve, fourteen, twenty-one to twenty-seven, twenty-nine, thirty-one, thirty-two, thirty-four, thirty-five, thirty-seven to forty-three, forty-five, forty-six, fifty, fifty-two to fifty-five, and fifty-seven to fifty-nine, and the word "that" wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. Section seven. Section thirteen, to "form; and that, " the words "the superior criminal courts of the three counties palatine, " the words "great sessions and, " the words "in like manner, " and from " and that the want " to the end of the section. Section fourteen, the words "writ of venire facias and." Sections fifteen to nineteen. Section twenty, the words "and be it further declared and enacted, " and from " superior criminal courts" to "palatine and, " and the words "great sessions and." Section twenty-two, from "in England or" to "county of Wales"; the words *‘ venire facias juratore3 or other " wherever they occur; the words "judges or" wherever they occur; the words "or great sessions " wherever they occur: the word "respectively" wherever it occurs; and the words "writ or." Section twenty-three, the words "or in the counties palatine or great sessions in Wales " and from " and commanding" to the end of the section. Section twenty-five, from " nor shall give " to the end of the section. Section twenty-eight. Section thirty, to " declared that" and from "and for the judges " to " in Wales, " and the words "and judges." Section thirty-two, the words "or judges." The words " and be it further enacted " in sections thirty-three and thirty-six. Section forty-six, from "wherein noessoign" to the end of the section. Section fifty-one, to " declared that." Section fifty-two, from " or the seals of the courts " where those words first occur, to "session of Wales." Section sixty. Section sixty-one, the words "and be it enacted and declared." ' Section sixty-three.

1888.

Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. Ch. 57.

4S5

Reign and Chapter. Title.

6 Geo. 4. c. 51. -1 t An Act for the Amendment of the Laws with respect to Special Juries, and to Trials in Counties of Cities and Towns and Towns Corporate in Ireland. In part; namely, — Section two, to " passing of this Act." The words "And be it further enacted that " in sections three, four, six, seven, ten, and eleven. 1 Section three, the word "that " before " every such bill." Section six, the word "that " before " whenever, in pursuance." The words " and be it enacted " in sections eight, twelve, and thirteen. Section nine, to " enacted that, " and the word "that " before " after the delivery."

6 Geo. 4. c. 54. - An Act to amend an Act of the First and Second years of His present Majesty for the Establishment of Asylums for the Lunatic Poor in Ireland.

6 Geo. 4. c. 57. - An Act for the Amendment of the Law respecting the Settlement of the Poor, so far as regards renting Tenements and paying Parochial Taxes. In part; namely, — Section two, to " aforesaid, that."

6 Geo. 4. c. 59. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to provide " and ends with the words "relating to the said Province." In part; namely, — The whole Act except section nine. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's dominions.

6 Geo. 4. c. 62. - An Act to amend an Act of the Scottish Parliament, relative to the Aliment of poor Prisoners. In part; namely, — Section two, to " enacted " and the word "that " before " the gaoler." The words " And be it enacted that " wherever they occur.

6 Geo. 4. c. 66. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for explaining" and ends with the words "committed in Scotland." In part; namely, — The words 4 4 And be it enacted and declared that " in sections two to five, seven to ten, and twelve to fourteen. Section six, to " enacted that." Section eleven, to " declared that."

6 Geo. 4. c. 69. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for punishing Offences " and ends with the words "New South Wales." In part; namely, — Section two, the words "and be it further enacted." Repealed as to all Her Mfty'esty's dominions. E e 2

436

Ch. 57. Statute Law Revision (Ro. 2) Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

6 Geo. 4. c. 78. - An Act to repeal the several Laws relating to the Performance of Quarantine, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof. In part; namely, — Section two, to " one thousand eight hundred and twenty-five " and the word ‘ that " before " until such vessels." Section three, to " enacted that, " and the word "that" before " such vessel." Section four, the words "and be it enacted." The words " And be it further enacted that " in sections six to thirteen, fifteen to seventeen, nineteen, twenty-one to thirty-two, and thirty-five to thirty-seven. Section eleven, to " arriving from any other places." The words " and be it further enacted " in sections thirty-three and thirty-four. Section thirty-seven, the word "that " before " no such action." Repealed as to all Her Majesty's dominions.

6 Geo. 4. c. 81. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to repeal " and ends with the words ' Excise Licences." In part; namely, — Section two, to " and twenty-five, " also so far as relates to ‘ ‘ Sweets " and the last two paragraphs under '* Wine, " respectively commencing " Every retailer of foreign wine, " and the word "that" before " for the better securing" and before " all the monies." Section four, to " and twenty-five." The words " And be it further enacted that " in sections six, seven, nine, ten, twelve to fifteen, twenty-two, twenty-three, twenty-five to twenty-eight, and thirty-two, and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. The words " and be it further enacted " in sections eleven, seventeen, eighteen, twenty-one, and thirty. Section sixteen, to " and twenty-five, " and the word "that " before " all other excise licences."

6 Geo. 4. c. 82. - An Act the title of which begins with the words An Act to abolish the Sale of Offices in the Court of " King’s Bench " and ends with the words "Resignation of his Office." In part; namely, — Section ten, to " enacted that."

6 Geo. 4. c. 83. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An '* Act to abolish the Sale of Offices in the Court of " Common Pleas" and ends with the words "Resignation of his Office."

1888.

Statute Law Revision (No. 2) 1888. Ch. 57.

437

Reign and Chapter.

6 Geo. 4. c.

6 Geo. 4. c. 85.

i

Title.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to provide" and ends with the words "respective Offices.

In part; namely, —

The titlo, the words "and the Vice-Chancellor of

England, the Chief baron of the Court of Exchequer, " the words "an Annuity to such Vice-Chancellor and, " the words "Chief Baron " where they last occur, and the words "and Barons " wherever they occur.

Section four, to " enacted that, " the words "or ‘ ‘ Chief Baron of the Exchequer respectively, " the word respectively " after " and who shall, " and the words "or Common Pleas or ‘‘of a baron of the coif of the Court of " Exchequer."

Section five.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for further regulating" and ends with the words "Ccast of Coromandel."

In part; namely, —

The title, from "for authorising" to "Saint Helena, " and the words "Singapore and Malacca and."

Preamble, from " And whereas by an Act passed in the thirty-seventh " to " the salary in the said " last-mentioned Act provided for that purpose, " and from "And whereas his late Majesty King George the Third did by his Letters Patent " bearing date at Westminster the twenty-fifth " day of March in the forty-seventh year of his " reign " to " within the said factory, " and the words "and recorders" and "or recorders" in the last recital.

Section one, the words "the sum of fifty-eight " thousand Madras rupees by the year, to be computed from the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and eighteen to the " time of the passing of this Act, and from " thenceforth, " and the words "a salary after " the rate of forty-eight thousand Madras rupees " by the year to be computed from the said " first day of January one thousand eight hundred and eighteen to the time of the " passing of this Act, and from thenceforth." Section two, to " enacted that, " and the words "a " salary after the rate of fifty-eight thousand Bombay rupees by the year, to be computed from the eighth day of May one thousand " eight hundred and twenty-four to the time of the passing of this Act, and from thenceforth, " and the words ‘ ‘ the sum of forty-eight thousand " Bombay rupees by the year, to be computed " from the said eighth day of May one thousand ' " eight hundred and twenty-four to the time of

" the passing of this Act, and from thenceforth, " and the word "that" before " such salaries." Section four, to ' ‘ enacted that, " and the word "that" before " the payment."

438

Ch. 57. Statute Law Revision (A'o. 2) Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

6 Geo. 4. c. 85. — cont. Section five, to "already happened or, *’ the words "shall have departed or, " the words "that from and since the first day of January one thousand " eight hundred and twenty-three, " the words "shall have happened or, " and the words "hath departed or." The words " And be it further enacted that " in sections seven, eleven, and twenty. Section eight, the words "and be it enacted." The words " and be it further enacted " in sections nine, ten, twelve, and sixteen. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's dominions.

6 Geo. 4. c. 86. An Act to provide for the Erection of certain Courts and Offices of Justice in Scotland. In part; namely, — Section five, to " enacted that."

6 Geo. 4. c. 87. An Act to regulate the Payment of Salaries and Allow, ances to British Consuls at Foreign Ports, and the Disbursements at such Ports for certain public Purposes. In part; namely, — The words "And be it further enacted that" in sections two, three, five to seven, eleven, fourteen, fifteen, eighteen, nineteen, and twenty-one. The words " and be it further enacted " in sections four, nine, twelve, and thirteen. Section three, the word "that " before " no such consuls general, " and the words "from and after the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and twenty-six." Section six, the word "that" before "printed copies." Section twenty-one, from " wherein no essoign" to the end of the section.

6 Geo. 4. c. 92. - An Act to render valid Marriages solemnised in certain Churches and Public Chapels in which Banns have not usually been published. In part; namely, — Section two, to " enacted that." Section three, to " authority aforesaid that." Section four, to " authority aforesaid that."

6 Geo. 4. c. 94. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to alter " and ends with the words "Factors or Agents." In part; namely, — | Section two, to " one thousand eight hundred and twenty-six." Section four, to " one thousand eight hundred and twenty-six." Section five, to " passing of this Act." Section seven, the words "from and after the said ‘ first day of October 6ne thousand eight hundred " and twenty-six." The words "and be it further enacted" in sections three and eight to ten. Section six, the words "and be it enacted."

1888.

Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. Ch. 57.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

6 Geo. 4. c. 97. - An Act for the better Preservation of the Peace and good Order in the Universities of England. Inpart; namely, — The words "And be it farther enacted that" in sections two and three. Section four.

6 Geo. 4. c. 120. - An Act for the better regulating of the Forms of Process in the Courts of Law in Scotland. In part; namely, — The words " And be it further enacted that " wherever they occur. Section three, to " aforesaid that." Section five, to " aforesaid that." Section eighteen, the words "from and after the " said eleventh day of .November." Section nineteen, to ‘* aforesaid that." Section twenty-seven, the words "from and after ‘‘ the said eleventh day of November next." Section thirty-five, the words "from and after the date of this Act." Section forty-four, to ‘‘ aforesaid that." Section forty-six, to ‘‘enacted that." Section forty-seven, to ‘‘ enacted that." Section fifty, the words "from and after the passing of this Act."

9 Section fifty-one, to " November next." Section fifty-two, to ‘* enacted that." Section fifty-three, to ‘‘next to come" the word ‘‘thenceforward " and the words "it is hereby " provided and declared that." Section fifty-four, the words from and after the ‘‘ eleventh day of November next." Section fifty-seven, to ‘‘ passing of this Act, " and the word *‘ that " before *‘ the High Court."

7 Geo. 4. c. 6. An Act to limit, and after a certain Period to prohibit, the issuing of Promissory Notes under a limited Sum in England. In part; namely, — The words ‘‘And be it further enacted that" in sections three, five, seven, and ten. Section nine, the words "and be it further enacted."

7 Geo. 4. c. 8. An Act the title of which begins with the words ‘* An Act to amend" and ends with the words ‘‘Special Jurors." In part; namely, — Section two, to *‘ enacted that." The words ‘* And be it further enacted that " in sections four and five.

7 Geo. 4. c. 14. An Act for the further Amendment of an Act of the First and Second Tears of His present Majesty, for the Establishment of Asylums for the Lunatic Poor in Ireland. In part; namely, — Section two, to " enacted that, " and the word that " before " whenever." Section three, to ‘‘passing of this Act."

440

Ch. 57. Statute Law Revision Vo. 2) Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. 7 Geo. 4. c. 15.

7 Geo. 4. c. 16.

7 Geo. 4. c. 21. -7 Geo. 4. c. 32.

7 Geo. 4. c. 46.

7 Geo. 4. c. 52. -7 Geo. 4. c. 58.

Title.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for the more easy Recovery of Small Tithes.

Except as to tithes, offerings, and compositions which have not been commuted or are otherwise still payable.

An Act to consolidate and amend several Acts relating to the Royal Hospitals for Soldiers at Chelsea and Kilmainham.

In part; namely, —

Section three, to " passing of this Act."

The words "And be it further enacted that" in sections four, six, eight to ten, thirteen, fourteen, twenty-two to twenty-six, twenty-eight, ttnrty-one, thirty-three to thirty-five, thirty-eight, thirty-nine, forty-two to forty-six, and fifty-one. The words " and be it further enacted " in sections eleven, twelve, and forty-eight to fifty.

Section seven, to " passing of this Act, " and the word "that " before " all the pensioners." Section twenty-seven, to " passing of this Act." Section forty-one, to " enacted that."

Section forty-seven, the words ‘ and it is further enacted."

An Act for the better regulating Proceedings on Writs of Mandamus in Ireland.

In part; namely, —

Section two.

Section three, the words "and be it enacted."

An Act to amend an Act for suppressing or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned, so far as relates to the Board of Trade.

In part; namely, —

From " to be paid " to " Council Office " and from " Provided always " to the end of the Act.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the better regulating Copartnerships" and ends with the words "ielates to the same."

In part; namely, —

The words " and be it farther enacted " in sections two, three, eight, fourteen, seventeen, and twenty.

The words "And be it farther enacted that"in sections four to seven, nine to thirteen, sixteen, eighteen, nineteen, and twenty-one, and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed.

An Act for defraying the Expence of any additional Naval Force to be employed in the East Indies.

Repealed as to all Her Majesty's dominions.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to Corps of Yeomanry Cavalry and Volunteers in Great Britain.

In part; namely, —

Section three, the words "And be it further enacted that."

1888.

Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. Ch. 57.

441

Reign and Chapter. Title.

7 Geo. 4. c. 63. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to provide" and ends with the words "England and Woles." In part; namely, — Preamble, to "held: And" and the words "that the said Act should be repealed and." The words " And be it further enacted that " in sections three to five, seven, ten to twelve, fourteen to sixteen, eighteen, twenty, and twenty-one. The words "and be it enacted*" in sections six, nine, and thirteen. Section seven, the word "that " where it secondly OCCUX8. The words " and be it further enacted " in sections seventeen and nineteen.

7 Geo. 4. o. 64. - An Act for improving the Administration of Criminal Justice in England. In part; namely, — The words "And be it further enacted that" wherever they occur. Section twenty-one, the word ‘ that " before " where the offence."

7 Geo. 4. c. 66. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to render " and ends with the words "of their Benefices." In part; namely, — The words " and be it further enacted " in sections two and three.

7 Geo. 4. c. 67. - An Act to regulate the Mode in which certain Societies or Copartnerships for Banking in Scotland may sue and be sued. In part; namely, — The words "And be it further enacted that" in sections two to five, seven to ten, fourteen, and fifteen, and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. The words " and be it further enacted " in sections six, eleven, and thirteen.

7 Geo. 4. c. 74. - An Act for consolidating and amending the LawB relating to Prisons in Ireland. In part; namely, — The words " And be it further enacted that " wherever they occur, except in section one hundred and thirty-eight, and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. The words " and be it enacted " in sections twenty-six, thirty-seven, seventy-one, eighty-three, and ninety-seven. Section one hundred and thirty-eight, the words "and be it further enacted."

7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 20. An Act to regulate the Prosecution of fraudulent Bankrupts in Scotland. In part; namely, — Section two, the words "and be it enacted."

442

Ch. 57. Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. 61 & 52 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. 1 Title. !

7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 24. An Act to amend the Acts for regulating -Turnpike Roads in England. In part; namely, — The words "And be it further enacted that" in sections two to four, six, seven, nine, twelve, and sixteen to twenty. The words ‘ ‘ and be it further enacted " in sections ten, eleven, thirteen, and fourteen. Section two, the word "that" before "all the costs." Section four, from " wherein no essoign " to the end of the section. Section fifteen, the words "and be it enacted." Section nineteen, the word "that " before " the word county" and before " the word parish."

7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 28. An Act for further improving the Administration of Justice in Criminal Cases in England. In part; namely, — The preamble, the words "and also to abolish the benefit of clergy." The words "Ana be it enacted that" wherever they occur. Section five. Section six, to "abolished; but that." Section eight, the word "that " where it secondly occurs, and from "and, if a male, " to end of section. Section eleven, from "and, if a male, " to"sach imprisonment" where those words twice occur. Section thirteen, to " enacted that." Section fifteen. Section sixteen, to " enacted that."

7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 63. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Collection and Management of the Revenue of Excise throughout Great Britain and Ireland. In part; namely, — The words " And be it further enacted that " where-ever they occur, and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. The words " and bo it enacted " in sections five, thirteen, twenty-six, eighty-three, ninety-one, ninety-four, one hundred and four, and one hundred and eighteen. Section three, to "enacted that" and the word "that" wherever it occurs.

7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 55. An Act to consolidate the Boards of Stamps in Great Britain and Ireland. In part; namely, — Section one, from " the persons respectively being on that day commissioners of stamps for Ireland’to " from and after the said fifth day of October." The words "And be it further enacted that" wherever they occur. The words " and be it enacted " in sections three and nine. Section four, the word "that" before "such board."

1888.

Statute Law Revision (. 2) Act, 1888. Ch. 57.

443

Reign and Chapter. Title.

7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 61. An Act to amend the Laws for the Regulation of the Batter Trade in Ireland. In part; namely. — The words " And be it further enacted that " wherever they occur.

7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 65. An Act to explain and remove Doubts touching the Admiralty. In part; namely, — The words " And be it further declared and enacted that " in sections two and three. The words " And be it further enacted that " in sections four and five.

7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 71. An Act to prevent Arrest upon Mesne Process when the Debt or Cause of Action is under Twenty Pounds; and to regulate the Practice of Arrests. In part; namely, — Section six, to " enacted that."

7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 72. An Act to amend the Acts for building and promoting the building of additional Churches in populous Parishes. In part; namely, — Section two, to " enacted that."

7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 75. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to appoint " and ends with the words "Pensions in England." In part; namely, — Title, the words "Personal Estates." Preamble, from " upon estates " to " estates or " and from " and under " to " twenty-eight." Section one, the words "from and after the passing of this Act " and from " the said recited" to "Parliament and" and the words "personal estates." Section two, to " enacted that." The words " and be it enacted " in sections four and six.

9 Geo. 4. c. 14. - An Act for rendering a written Memorandum necessary to the Validity of certain Promises and Engagements. In part; namely, — The words " And be it further enacted that " wherever they occur.

9 Geo. 4. c. 16. - An Act to repeal so much of several Acts as empowers the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities. In part; namely, — Section two, the words "and be it further enacted."

9 Geo. 4. c. 23. - An Act to enable Bankers in England to issue certain unstamped Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange upon Payment of a Composition in lieu of the Stamp Duties thereon. In part; namely, — Section two, to " enacted that." The words "And be it further enacted that" in sections three, four, seven to twelve, and fourteen. The words and be it further enacted " in sections five, six, thirteen, and fifteen. Section eight, the word "that" where it secondly occurs.

444 Ch. 57. Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

9 Geo. 4. c. 24. - An Act to repeal certain Acts, and to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes in Ireland. In part; namely, — Title, the words "to repeal certain Acts and." The words " And be it further enacted that in sections three and five. Section six, to " one thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight." Section fourteen, to " one thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight." Section fifteen, to " enacted that." Section sixteen, to " enacted that." Section seventeen, the words "and be it enacted.

9 Geo. 4. c. 26. - An Act to regulate the Office of Keeper of the General Register of Hornings and Inhibitions in Scotland. In part; namely, — Section two, to " enacted that."

9 Geo. 4. c. 29. - An Act to authorise additional Circuit Courts of Justiciary to be held, and to facilitate Criminal Trials, in Scotland. Inpart; namely, — The words "And be it enacted that*’ wherever they occur, oxcept in section four. Section four, the words and be it enacted.* Section six, to " one thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight." Section nine, the word "that" before "it shall be competent." Section twenty-seven.

9 Geo. 4. c. 35. - An Act to protect Purchasers for valuable Consideration in Ireland, against Judgments not revived or redocketted within a limited Time. In part; namely, — Section nine, to "enacted that."

9 Geo. 4. c. 37. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend" and ends with the words "Dover Castle." In part; namely, — Section two.

9 Geo. 4. c. 38. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for rectifying" and ends with the words "Acts therein recited." In part; namely, — Section two, the words "and be it enacted." Section three, the words "and be it further enacted."

9 Geo. 4. c. 39. An Act for the preservation of the Salmon Fisheries in Scotland. In part; namely, — The words " And be it further enacted that " wherever they occur. Section nine, the words "and be it enacted." Section ten, to " enacted that." Section twelve, to "enacted that" and the word "that before " every owner."

1888.

Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. Ch. 57.

445

Reign and Chapter. Title.

9 Geo. 4. c. 43. - I 1 An Act for the better Regulation of Divisions in the several Counties of England and Wales. In part; namely, — The words " And be it further enacted that " wherever they occur, except in sections five and seven. The words " and be it further enacted " in sections five and seven. Section nine, the word "that" before "at any court."

9 Geo. 4. c. 44. -j An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to provide " and ends with the words "such Commodities." In part; namely, — The words "And be it further enacted that" wherever they occur.

9 Geo. 4. c. 47. 1 An Act for regulating the Retail of exciseable Articles and Commodities to Passengers on board of Passage Vessels from one Part to another of the United Kingdom. Inparo; namely, — / i The words "And be it further enacted that" ' wherever they occur. Section six, the words "and be it enacted."

9 Geo. 4. c. 54. - ! An Act for improving the Administration of Justice in | Criminal Cases in Ireland, j In part; namely, — 1 The words " And be it further enacted that " and i " And be it enacted that " wherever they occur, and the word "that " wherever it occurs with j reference to the introductory words so repealed. Section thirty-three, to " enacted that." i Section thirty-six, from "shall commence" to I "and that it."

9 Geo. 4. c. 58. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to regulate " and ends with the words "such Certificate." In part; namely, — The words "And be it further enacted that" wherever they occur. Section twelve, the word "that" before "at the end." Section nineteen, the words "and be it enacted."

9 Geo. 4. c. 61. An Act to regulate the granting of Licences to Keepers of Inns, Alehouses, and Victualling Houses in England. In part; namely, — The words " And be it further enacted that " wherever they occur, except in sections eight and thirty-six. The words " and be it further enacted " in sections eight and thirty-six. Section fourteen, from "or shall take" to "insolvent debtors, " and the words "or insolvent." Section sixteen, the word "that" before " every licence. " Section twenty-four. 1 Section twenty-nine, the word "that " before " in | every case in."

446

Ch. 57. Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

9 Geo. 4. c. 65. -1 l An Act to restrain the Negotiation in England of Promissory Notes and Bills under a limited Sum issued in Scotland or Ireland. In part; namely, — Section two, to " enacted that." Section three, the words "and be it enacted." Section lour, the words "and be it further enacted."

9 Geo. 4. c. 69. - An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Persons going armed by Night for the Destruction of Game. In part; namely, — Preamble, to " vagabonds: And, " the word "nevertheless, " and the words "to repeal the said recited Act, and.’’Section one, to " Acts; and " and the words "after the passing of this Act." The words " And be it enacted that, " and " And be it further enacted that" wherever they occur, except in section twelve. Section twelve, the words "and be it enacted."

9 Geo. 4. o. 74. - An Act for improving the Administration of Criminal Justice in the East Indies. In part; namely, — The words "And be it enacted that" wherever they occur, and the word "that" wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words I so repealed. 1 Repealed as to all Her Majesty's dominions.

9 Geo. 4. c. 77. - An Act to amend the Acts for regulating Turnpike Roads. In part; namely, — The words " And be it further enacted that " wherever they occur, except in section twenty. Section seven, from " wherein no essoign " to " allowed." Section nineteen, the word "that" before "the said recited Acts." Section twenty, the words "and be it further enacted."

9 Geo. 4. c. 80. - An Act to enable Bankers in Ireland to issue certain unstamped Promissory Notes, upon Payment of a Composition in lieu of the Stamp Duties thereon. In part; namely, — i The words " and be it further enacted that " j wherever they occur, except in sections five, six, twelve, and fourteen. The words " and be it further enacted " in sections five, six, twelve, and fourteen. Section seventeen, the word "that" before "if any fresh entry."

9 Geo. 4. c. 82. - i An Act to make Provision for the lighting, cleansing, and watching of Cities, Towns Corporate, and Market 1 Towns, in Ireland, in certain Cases. In part; namely, — The words " And be it further enacted that" i wherever they occur (except in section thirty-nine), and the word "that" wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed.

1888.

Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888.

Oh.

447

Reign and Chapter, i Title.

9 Geo. 4. o. 82. — cont. The words " and be it enacted " in sections five, six, ten, sixty, sixty-five, seventy, seventy-two, and seventy-three. Section thirty-nine, the words "and be it further enacted." The words " And be it enacted that " in sections fifty-nine and sixty-fonr.

9 Geo. 4. c. 83. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to provide " and ends with the words "Purposes relating thereto." In part; namely, — Preamble, to "reign: And, " and the words "to repeal the said Acts and." The words " And be it further enacted that" wherever they occur, except in sections two, six, and twenty-four. The words " and be it further enacted " in sections two, six, and twenty-four. Section four, the word "that " before " all persons." Section thirty-four, to " declared that." | Section forty, to " declared that." Repealed as to all Her Majesty's dominions.

9 Geo. 4. c. 92. - An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Savings Banks. I In part; namely, — The words ‘ ‘ And be it further enacted that " wherever they occur (except in section fifty-four), 1 and the word "that " wherever it occurs with | reference to the introductory words so repealed. Section twenty-seven, to " one thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight." Section thirty-five, to " one thousand eight hun-i dred and twenty-eight." 1 Section fifty-three, to " enacted that." ' Section fifty-four, the words "and be it further | enacted."

9 Geo. 4. c. 94. An Act for rendering valid Bonds, Covenants, and other I Assurances for the Resignation of Ecclesiastical Pre-, ferments in certain specified Cases. In part; namely, — The words " and be it further enacted " in sections two, four, and six. The words " And be it further enacted that " in j sections three and five, and the word "that" | wherever it occurs with reference to the intro-J ductory words so repealed.

10 Geo. 4. c. 7. - 1 1 An Act for the Relief of His Majesty's Roman Catholic ! Subjects. In part; namely, —, Section two, the words "And be it enacted that " from and after the commencement of this Act " and the subsequent words after the commence-i ment of this Act." The words "And be it further enacted that" in I sections five, nine, twenty-three, twenty-six, twenty-nine, thirty-two to thirty-six, and thirty-i eight.

448

Ch. 57. Statute Law Revision (Ro. 2) Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vier.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

10 Geo. 4. c. 7. — cont. The words "And be it enacted that" in sections ten, fourteen, and eighteen. The words " and be it enacted " in sections eleven, sixteen, seventeen, twenty-seven, and thirty-seven. The words " and be it further enacted " in sections twelve, thirteen, fifteen, thirty, and thirty-one.

10 Geo. 4. c. 19. - An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, intituled "An Act concerning the Registration of Seisins and Reversions of Tenements " within Burgh." In part; namely, — Section two, to " enacted that."

10 Geo. 4. c. 24. - An Act to enable the Commissioners for the Redaction of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities and Annuities for Terms of Years. In part; namely, — The words " And be it further enacted that" wherever they occur, and the word "that" wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. The words "and be it enacted" in sections two, six to eight, and thirty-six. Section twenty, from ‘‘or under an Act" to " Waterloo subscription." The words "And be it enacted that" in sections twenty-eight and thirty-seven. Section thirty-seven, the word "that" before " the several persons " and before " no other method."

10 Geo. 4. c. 35. - An Act to prevent Arrests upon Mesne Process where the Debt or Cause of Action is under Twenty Pounds, and to regulate the Practice of Arrests in Ireland.

10 Geo. 4. c. 38. - An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Attempts to murder in certain Cases in Scotland. In part; namely, — Section two, to " passing of this Act." Section three, to "enacted that "and the words "from and after the passing of this Act." Section four, the words "and be it enacted." Section five, to " enacted that."

10 Geo. 4. c. 41. - An Act to amend the Laws for the Regulation of the Butter Trade in Ireland. Iu part; namely, — Section two, the words "and be it further enacted." The words "And be it further enacted that " in sections three, four, and six.

10 Geo. 4. c. 44. - An Act for improving the Police in or near the Metropolis. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted that" wherever they occur, except in section thirty-three. Section thirty-three, the words "and be it enacted." Section thirty-five, the word "that " before " this Act." Sections forty and forty-four.

1888.

Statute Law Revision (iVo. 2) Act, 1888. Ch. 57.

449

Reign and Chapter. Title.

10 Geo. 4. c. 46. - An Act for the more effectually executing an Act of the last Session of Parliament for the better Regulation of Divisions in the several Counties of England and Wales.

10 Geo. 4. c. 50. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to consolidate and amend " and ends with the words "the Isles of Man and Alderney." In part; namely, — The words "And be it further enacted that, " in sections eight, twelve to fourteen, sixteen, seventeen, twenty-two, twenty-three, twenty-six to twenty-eight, thirty-four to thirty-seven, thirty-nine, forty, forty-two to forty-four, forty-seven to fifty, fifty-two, fifty-three, fifty-five, fifty-seven, fifty-eight, sixty-three, seventy to seventy-two, seventy-seven, seventy-eight, eighty to eighty-five, ninety to ninety-four, ninety-seven to ninety-nine, one hundred and one, one hundred and two, one hundred and four to one hundred and thirteen, one hundred and seventeen, one hundred and eighteen, one hundred and twenty to one hundred and twenty-five, one hundred and twenty-seven, and one hundred and thirty-two, and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. The words " and be it further enacted " in sections five, twenty-four, twenty-five, twenty-nine to thirty-three, fifty-four, fifty-six, fifty-nine to sixty-two, sixty-nine, seventy-six, eighty-seven, one hundred and three, one hundred and nineteen, one hundred and twenty-six, one hundred and twenty-eight to one hundred and thirty, one hundred and thirty-five. Section eleven, to " appointed; and that." Section fifty-one, to " declared that " and the word "that" before " whenever the said." Section one hundred and six, to "passing of this Act." Section one hundred and thirteen, from " shall during the life" to and Ireland and." Section one hundred and twenty-six, from " or of " an Act passed in the forty-seventh " to " amend " the said last-mentioned Acts."

10 Geo. 4. c. 53. - An Act to regulate the Duties, Salaries, and Emoluments of the Officers, Clerks, and Ministers of certain Ecclesiastical Courts in England. In part; namely, — The words "And be it further enacted that" wherever they occur, except in section five. Section two, the word "that " before " none other." Section four, the word "that" before "extracts from." Section five, the words "and be it further enacted." Section seven, to " passing of this Act." Section eight, to " enacted that."

450

Ch. 57.

Statute Law Revision (No.2) Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

lleign and Chapter. Title.

10 Geo. 4. c. 62. 1 An Act to exclude Persons accepting Offices in the East Indies from being Members of the House of Commons. In part; namely, — Section two, to " enacted that."

11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4. c. 11. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for extending certain Provisions " and ends with the words "Durham and Sadberge."

11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4. c. 18. An Act to render valid Marriages solemnized in certain Churches and Chapels. In part; namely, — Section two, to " enacted that." ,

11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4. c. 22. An Act for appropriating the Bichmond Lunatic Asylum in Dublin to the Purposes of a District Lunatic Asylum. In part; namely, — Preamble, from " And whereas by an Act passed in the fifty-fifth year " to " expedient to remove." The words "And be it enacted that" and "And " be it further enacted that" wherever they occur. Section two, the word "that" before "all rules."

11 Geo. 4. <fe 1 Will. 4. c. 26. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to authorize " and ends with the words "Three Pounds " Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities." In part; namely, — Sections seven, eight, and ten. Section nine, to " enacted that."

11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4. c. 32. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to explain " and ends with the words "Bankers in Ireland." In part; namely, — The words "And be it further enacted that" wherever they occur.

11 Geo. 4. A 1 Will. 4. c. 36. An Act for altering and amending the Law regarding Commitments by Courts of Equity for Contempt, and the taking bills pro Confesso. In part; namely, — Preamble, to ‘ confesso: And, " and from "to ‘ alter and amend and to consolidate " to " also expedient." The words " And be it further enacted that, " and " And be it enacted that, " wherever they occur. Sections nineteen and twenty.

11 Geo. 4. A 1 Will. 4. c. 37. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the words "Capital Punishment." In part; namely, — Section two, to "passing of this Act." The words "Ana be it enacted that" wherever they occur. Section eight, the word "that " before "any sentence." Section fifteen, the words "on or before the fifteenth day of January next after the passing " of this Act and " and the word succeeding."

1888.

Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. Ch. 57.

451

Reign and Chapter.

Title.

11 Geo. 4. &

1 Will. 4. c. 39.

11 Geo. 4. &

1 Will. 4. c. 40.

11 Geo. 4. &

1 Will. 4. c. 41.

11 Geo. 4. A 1 Will. 4. c. 43.

11 Geo. 4. &

1 Will. 4. c. 46.

11 Geo. 4. &

1 Will. 4. c. 47.

11 Geo. 4. &

1 Will. 4. c. 51.

11 Geo. 4.

1 Will. 4. c. 54.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Transportation of Offenders from Great Britain; and for punishing Offences committed by Transports kept to labour in the Colonies.

In part; namely, —

The words " And be it further enacted that " wherever they occur.

Section three, to " declared that/ ’

Section five, the word "that" before "the property."

Section seven, to " commencement of this Act." Repealed as to all Her Majesty's dominions.

An Act for making better Provision for the Disposal of the undisposed of Residues of the Effects of Testators.

In part; namely, —

The words " and bo it further enacted " wherever thoy occur.

An Act to mako further Regulations with respect to Army Pensions.

In part; namely, —

The words " And be it enacted that " wherever they occur.

Section three, to " passing of this Act."

Section five, to " enacted that"

An Act to abolish certain Fees and Stamp Duties chargeable on the Renewal of all Appointments, Commissions, Grants, Pensions, and Patents consequent on the Demise of the Crown.

In part; namely, —

Section three, the words "and be it further enacted."

Section fonr, to " enacted that."

An Act to alter and amend the Law relating to Illusory Appointments.

In part; namely, —

Section two, the words "and be it further enacted." Section three, the words "and be it further enacted and declared."

An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws for facilitating the Payment of Debts out of Real Estate.

In part; namely, —

The preamble.

The words "And be it further enacted that" in sections four, six, nine, and eleven to thirteen. The words " and be it further enacted " in sections five, seven, and eight.

Section nine, the word "that " before " the heir." Section ten.

An Act to repeal certain of the Duties on Cyder in the United Kingdom, and on Beer and Ale in Great Britain, and to make other Provisions in relation thereto.

In part; namely, —

Section twenty-four, to " enacted that."

An Act to revive, continue, and amend several Acts relating to the Fisheries.

In part; namely, —

The words "And be it further enacted that" in sections two and five.

452

Ch. 57. Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4. c. 64. An Act to permit the general Sale of Beer and Cyder by Retail in England. In part; namely, — The words "And be it further enacted that" in sections two, three, Beven to nine, twenty-three, and twenty-eight. The words " and be it further enacted " in sections ten, twenty-four, and twenty-nine. Section eight, the word "that " before " one moiety." Section thirty-one, the words "and bo it enacted."

11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4. c. 65. An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws relating to Property belonging to Infants, Femes Covert, Idiots, Lunatics, and Persons of unsound Mind. In part; namely, — The preamble. The words ‘ ‘ And be it further enacted that " wherever they occur, except in sections nine, ten, and twenty. The words " and be it further enacted " in sections nine, ten, and twenty. Section three, to " passing of this Act." Section eighteen, to " enacted that." Section forty-four, the word "that " before " such acts."

11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4. c. 66. An Act for reducing into One Act all such Forgeries os shall henceforth be punished with Death, and for otherwise amending the Laws relative to Forgery. In part; namely, — Section twenty-one, the words "and be it enacted."

11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4. c. 68. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An " Act for the more effectual Protection" and ends with the words "Owners thereof." In part; namely, — Section one, the words "from and after the passing of this Act." The words " And be it further enacted that " in sections two, five, and ten. The words " and be it further enacted " in sections three and six to nine. Section four, the words "and be it enacted " and from " from and " to " ensuing, " and the words "from and after the said first day of September." Section five, the word "that " before " any one " and before " no action." Section eleven.

11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4. c. 69. An Act for uniting the Benefits of Jury Trial in Civil Causes with the ordinary Jurisdiction of the Court of Session, and for making certain other Alterations and Reductions in the Judicial Establishments of Scotland. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted that, " " And be it further enacted that, " and " And it is further enacted that " wherever they occur, and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed.

188a

Statute Law Revision (2) Act, 1888. Ch. 57.

453

Reign and Chapter. j Title.

11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4. c. 70. An Act for the more effectual Administration of Justice in England and Wales. In part; namely, — Preamble, to " therein: And, " and from " to put " to " Wales, and." The words ‘ And be it further enacted that " whor-cvcr they occur. Section threo. Section six, to " and afterwards." Section bo von, to " take effect." Sections eight, nine, and twelve. Section fifteen, the words "and be it enacted." Section thirty-five, from "in the year" to "and afterwards."

[Preamble.]

1 Will. 4. c. - An Act the title of which begins with tho words " An Act to render valid " and ends with the words "Domiso of tho Crown." i In part; namely, — Title, from " to render " to "Majesty, and." Section two, to " enacted that."

1 Will. 4. c. 7. - An Act the title of which begins with tho words " An Act for the more speedy " and ends with tho words " Cases of Bankruptcy." In part; namely, — The title, from " and in the Court " to the end of the title.

1 Will. 4. c. 18. An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Sixth Year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, as far as regards tho Settlement of the Poor by the renting and Occupation of Tenements. In part; namely, — Section two, the words "and be it further enacted."

1 Will. 4. c. 20. - An Act to explain and amend the Laws relating to Lands holden in Free and Common Soccage in the Provinco of Lower Canada. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's dominions.

1 Will. 4. c. 22. - An Act to enable Courts of Law to ordor the Examination of Witnesses upon Interrogatories and otherwise. In part; namely, — Section two, to " enacted." Section six, to " enacted that." Section seven, to " enacted that."

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 4. An Act to abolish certain Oaths and Affirmations taken and mado in the Customs and Excise Departments of His Majesty's Revenue, and to substitute Declarations in lieu thereof. In part; namely, — Section four, the words "and be it further enacted." Section five, to " enacted that." Section six, to " enacted that."

451

Ch. 57. Statute Law Revisum (No. 2) Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

ltdgn uud Chapter.!

Title.

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 13.

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 17.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to repeal " and ends with the words "Great Britain."

In part; namely, —

Section one, from " that the said recited Act " passed in the nineteenth year " to " repealed; and."

The words "And be it further enacted that" wherever they occur.

An Act to provide for the better Order and Government of Ireland, by Lieutenants for the several Counties, Counties of Cities, and Counties of Towns therein.

In part; namely, —

Preamble, from the first "And whereas" to the end of the preamble.

Section three, to "enacted that, " and the words "from and after the passing of this Act, " the word "that " before " the person, " and from " to extend " to " rotulorum, or."

Section eighteen, the words "and be it enacted."

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 21.

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 22.

An Act to explain and amend Two Acts of the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-eighth Years of His Majesty King George the Third, so far as the same relate to Double Assessments of the Land Tax.

In part; namely, —

Section two, the words "and be it further enacted."

Section three, to "enacted that" and the word "that " before " every such."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend the Laws " and ends with the words "Commissioners of Stamps."

In part; namely, —

The words " And be it enacted that " and " And be it further enacted that " wherever they occur (except in sections twenty-eight, thirty-six, and fifty-two), and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed.

The words " and be it enacted " in sections twenty-eight, thirty-six, and fifty-two.

Section fifty-one, the words "or any waterman " and the subsequent word " waterman."

Sections fifty-two to fifty-four.

Section fifty-six, from " or if any waterman " to " hackney carriages, " the words "waterman or assistant" where they secondly occur, and the words "or waterman or assistant " occurring twice.

Section fif^y-seven, from " or any waterman" to " hackney carriages, " the words "or waterman respectively " and the subsequent words " or waterman."

Section sixty-three, from ‘' and all proceedings " to the end of the section.

Section sixty-eight, from " or a licensed waterman " to " hackney carriages, " the words "or waterman, as the case may be, " and tho subsequent words " or waterman."

1888.

Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. Ch. 57.

455

Reign and Chapter. Title.

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 25. An Act to amend the Acts for regulating Turnpike Roads in England, so far as they relate to certain Exceptions from Toll. In part; namely, — Section three, to " enacted that." Section four, to " enacted that."

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 31. An Act to improve the Administration of Justico in Ireland. In part; namely, — The words ‘‘And be it enacted that" and ‘‘And be it further enacted that " wherever they occur, except in section eighteen. Section one, from "in the year" to "and afterwards." Sections two and three. Sections five to seven. Sections sixteen to eighteen.

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 32. An Act to amend the Laws in England relative to Game. In part; namely, — The preamble. The words "And bo it enacted that" whorever they occur (except in sections eight to ten, sixteen, twenty-one, twenty-nino, thirty-five, and forty-six), and the word "that " whorover it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. The words " and be it enacted " in sections eight to ten, sixteen, twenty-one, twenty-nine, thirty-five, and forty-six. Section six, to *‘ enacted that." Section eighteen, the words "in the present year " between tho fifteenth and the thirtieth days of " October and " and from " and every such licence granted in the " to " and thirty-two " and the word "succeeding " wherever it occurs. Section twenty-six, tho words " and be it furthor enacted."

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 33. Section forty-two, to " enacted that " and tho word " that " before " tho party." An Act for tho Extension and Promotion of Public Works in Ireland. In part; namely, — The words "And be it furthor enacted that" and "And be it enacted that " wherever they occur (except in sections seven, twenty-two, twenty-six, twenty-eight, thirty to thirty-four, forty, three, fifty, fifty-one, fifty-two, sixty-four, seventy-two, seventy-six, seventy-nine, eighty, eighty-four, eighty-eight, one hundred, and one hundred and four), and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. The words " and be it further enacted " in sections seven, twenty-two, twenty-six, forty-three, fifty-one, seventy-two, seventy-six, seventy-nino, eighty, and eighty-eight. The words " and bo it enacted " in sections twenty-eight. thirty to thirty-four, fifty, fifty-two, sixty-four, eighty-four, one hundred, and cno hundred 1 and four.

456

Ch. 57. Statute Law Revision (No. 2), 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

1 & 2 Will. 4.! c. 37. 1 An Act to prohibit the Payment, in certain Trades, of Wages in Goods, or otherwise than in the current Coin of the Realm. In part; namely, — The words "And be it further enacted that" wherever they occur, except in section eight. Section eight, the words "and be it further enacted." Section fourteen, to " enacted that." Section twenty-three, to " declared that." Section twenty-four, to " declared that." Section twenty-five, to " declared that, " and the word "that " wherever it occurs. Section twonty-six.

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 38. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend" and ends with the words "in populous Parishes." In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted that" and "And be it further enacted that " wherever they occur, except in sections three, six, and eleven. The words " and bo it further enacted " in sections three and six. Section eleven, the words "and be it enacted." Section nineteen, the word "that" before "every instrument." Section twenty-four, the word "that " before " the right."

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 41. An Act for amending the Laws relative to the Appointment of Special Constables, and for the better Preservation of the Peace. In part; namely, — The words "And bo it enacted that" wherever they occur (except in section twenty-two), and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. Section twenty-two, the words "and be it enacted."

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 42. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty-ninth Year of His Majesty King George the Third, for the relief and employment of the poor. In part; namely, — The words "And be it further enacted that" in eections two to four. Section five, the words "and be it further enacted."

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 43. An Act for amending and making moro effectual the Laws concerning Turnpike Roads in Scotland. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted that " wherever they occur, and the word "that" wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. Section fifty-nine, to "enacted that." Section one hundred and eleven, the words "and be it further enacted."

1888.

Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. Ch. 57,

457

Reign and Chapter. Title.

1 & 2 Will. 4. o. 44. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend an Act " and ends with the words "therein mentioned." In part; namely, — The words " And be it further enacted that " and " And be it enacted that " wherover they occur. Section nine, the word "that " before " the sum, " and before " every such book, " and before " such clerk." Section ten, from " shall commence " to " that it."

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 45. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to extend " and ends with the words "and for other Purposes." In part; namely, — The words " And be it further enacted, that " in sections throe, four, seven, eleven, twelve, fifteen, seventeen, twenty-three to twenty-five, twenty-seven to twenty-nine. Section five, the words "and bo it further enacted and doclared." Section six, to " declared that." The words " and be it further enacted" in sections nine, thirteen, sixteon, eighteen to twenty, and twenty-six. Section fourteen, to " doclared that." Section thirty, to " onactod that."

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 55. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws for suppressing the illicit making of Malt and Distillation of Spirits in Ireland. In part; namely, — The words "And be it further enacted that" wherever they occur except in sections eighteen, thirty-three, and fifty-one. The words " and be it further enacted " in sections eighteen, thirty-three, and fifty-one. Section forty-nine, to " enacted that."

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 57. An Act to empower Landed Proprietors in Ireland to sink, embank, and remove Obstructions in Rivers. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted that" and "And be it further enacted that " wherever they occur (except in sections three, twenty-three, thirty-two, thirty-four, forty-eight, fifty-seven, sixty-one, sixty-two, sixty-seven, sixty-eight, seventy-four, eighty-one, ninety-four, ninety-six, ono hundred and ten, one hundred and twelve, and one hundred and sixteen), and tho word " that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. The words " and be it enacted " in sections three, twenty-three, thirty-two, thirty-four, forty-eight, fifty-seven, sixty-one, sixty-two, sixty-seven, sixty-eight, seventy-four, eighty-one, ninety-four, and one hundred and sixteen. The words " and be it further enacted " in sections ninety-six, one hundred and ten, and one hundred and twelve. Section four, to " enacted that, " and the word "that " wherever it occurs.

r

•Ch. 57. Statute Law Revision (No. 2), 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

llcign and Chapter.

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 59.

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 60.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 1.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 4.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 5.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 16.

Title.

An Act to enable Churchwardens and Overseers to inclose Land belonging to the Crown for the Benefit of poor Persons residing in the Parish in which such Crown Land is situated.

In part; namely, —

Section two, the words "and be it further enacted."

An Act for the better regulation of vestries, and for the appointment of auditors of accounts in certain parishes in England and Wales.

In part; namely, —

The words And be it further enacted that " whorever they occur (except in sections six, seven, nine, fifteen, forty, and forty-three), and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed.

The words " and be it further enacted " in sections six, nine, fifltcon, forty, and forty-three.

The words " and be it enacted " in section seven. Section forty-four.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for uniting" and ends with the words "Land Revenues."

In part; namely, —

Preamble from " And whereas William Henry Cooper" to "An Act for better examining and " auditing the public accounts of the kingdom"; and from "and it is also expedient" to " said offico of auditor of the land revenue." The words "And be it further enacted that" wherever they occur; and the word "that" wherover it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed.

An Act for moro effectually proventing Embezzlements by Persons employed in the Public Servico of His Majesty.

In part; namely, —

Preamble, to " adjudge:And."

Section ono, from " so much " to " after tho passing of this Act."

The words "And be it enacted, that, " and " And be it further enacted, that, " wherever they occur. Section two, the word "that " before " if any."

An Act the title of which begins with tho words " An Act to provide " and ends with the words "tho Judges thereof."

In part; namely, —

Section two, to " enacted, that."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to consolidate " and ends with the words "Laws of

Excise."

In part; namely, —

The words " And be it further enacted, that " in sections two t« > eight and ten to twenty.

The words ‘ and be it further enacted " in sections niue and twenty-one.

1888.

Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. Ch. 57.

459

lieign and Chapter.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 21.

2 & 3 Will. 4.

c. 32.

2 &3 Will. 4.

c. 33.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 40.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 42.

2 & 3 Will. 4.! c. 45.

Title.

An Act to repeal several Acts of tho Parliament of Ireland imposing Restrictions upon the Coal Trade, and to regulate the samo.

In part; namely, —

The words "And be it farther enacted, that" in sections two and four.

Section two, the word "that " before " in case any."

Section three, the words "And bo it enacted, that."

Section five, the words "and be it further enacted."

An Act for the erection of a Nisi Prios Court Houso in Dublin.

In part; namely, —

Preamble, to " and offices: And."

Section two, to " enacted that " au(l the word "that" before "all process" and before "all jurors."

An Act the title of which begins with tho words " An Act to effectuate " and ends with tho words " Ireland respectively."

In part; namely, —

Section two, to "enacted that, " and the word "that " before " thereupon it."

Section three, tho woros " and be it further enacted."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with tho words " tho said Departments."

In part; namely, —

The words " And be it further enacted, that " in sections five and seven.

Section six, to "that from thenceforth."

Section seven, the word "that" before "all such deeds."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to authorize " and ends with the words "industrious Cottagers."

In part; namely, —

The words " and be it further enacted " in sections two and four.

The words "And be it further enacted, that" in sections three and five to ten.

An Act to amend the Representation of the People in England and Wales.

In part; namely, —

The words "And be it enacted, that" wherever they occur, except in section thirty-five, and the word "that " wPerevor it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed.

Section one.

Section two, except as to the boroughs of Hytho, Christchurch, Great Grimsby, and Morpeth.

460

Ch. 57. Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 45. — cont. Section three, the words "Greenwich, " "Tower " Hamlets, Finsbury, Mary-le-bone, Lambeth, " " Macclesfield, " and " and Stroud." Section four, the words "Frome, " " Kendal, " and " Whitby." Section five. Section six, to " Parliament; and that " and from " and that the borough of Sandwich " to the end of the section. Section seven, the words "and Sandwich." Section nine, the words "and the borough of Brecon." Section ten, from "and shall" to " in Parliament." Section eleven, the words "being resident therein" and " being so resident as aforesaid." Sections twelve to fifteen. Section seventeen. Section twenty-one, to " enacted that." Section thirty-four. Section thirty-five, the words "and bo it enacted." Schedule (B.), except as to the boroughs of Hythe, Christchurch, Great Grimsby, and Morpeth. Schedule (C.), so far as relates to the boroughs of Greenwich, Tower Hamlets, Finsbury, Mary-le-bone, Lambeth, Macclesfield, and Stroud. Schedule (D.), so far as relates to the boroughs of Frome, Kendal, and Whitby. Schedule (E.), so far as relates to the shire towns or principal boroughs of Beaumaris, Cardigan, and Radnor, and the places sharing in the election of members with such towns or boroughs. Schedule (E. 2), so far as relates to Aberystwith, Lampeter, Adpar, Knighton, Rhayder, Kevin-leece, and Knucklas. Schedules (F.), (F. 2), and (G.).

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 47. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for holding" and ends with the words "at Norwich." In part; namely, — Section two, the words "and it is hereby enacted and declared."

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 48. An Act to regulate the Office of Clerk of tho Crown in the Court of King’s Bench in Ireland. In part; namely, — Section two, to " commencement of this Act." The words " And be it further enacted that " in sections four to twenty-two, twenty-four to thirty-two, and thirty-five; and the word "that" wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. The words " and be it enacted " in sections three and twenty-three. Section five, the words "after the commencement of this Act." Section thirty-three, the words "and be it further enacted."

1888.

Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. Ch. 57.

461

Reign and Chapter. I 1 Title. 1

2 «fe 3 Will. 4. c. 51. An Act to regulate the Practice and the Pecs in the Vice-Admiral tyCourts abroad, and to obviate Doubts as to their Jurisdiction. In part; namely, — The words " And be it further enacted, that " in sections two, three, and five. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's dominions.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 53. An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws rolating to the Payment of Army Prize Money. In part; namely, — The words "And be it further enacted, that " and " And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur, except in section three, and the word "that" wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. Section three, the words "and be it further enacted." Section thirty-nine, from " and also to come in and receive " to the end of the section. Schedule (K.)

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 57. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to continue " and ends with the word "Charities." In part; namely, — Title, from " to continuo " to " Charities; and." Section three, to " enacted, that."

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 58. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to extend " and ends with the words "Parts thereof." In part; namely, — Preamble, from " and that in such case " to " estate and effects." Section one, from " and that nothing " to the end of the section.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 59. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to transfer" and ends with the words "Terms of Years." In part; namely, — Preamble, from " by an Act " where these words first occur to " a lottery; and also " where these words secondly occur. The words " And be it enacted, that " in sections two and eight. The words " And be it further enacted, that" in sections five, nine, ten, twelvo to fourteen, and sixteen to twenty. Section six, the words "and be it enacted." Section seven, the words "and be it further enacted." Section eleven, from " intituled An Act" to " national debt, " where these words next occur.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 60. An Act for holding the Assizes for the King’s County in Ireland, Twice in every Year, atTullamoorc, instead of Philipstown. In part; namely, — Section two, the words "and it is hereby enacted and declared."

462

Ch.' 57. Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

[Preamble.]

2 «fc 3 Will. 4. c. 64. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to settle" and ends with the words "in Parliament." In part; namely, — Title, the words "the Divisions of Counties, and." Sections one to twenty-five. Section twenty-six, to "enacted, that" and the word "that" before "every part." Section twenty-seven, to " enacted, that." Section twenty-eight, to " enacted, that." Section thirty-four. Section thirty-five, the words "the borough of Brecon, ana." Section thirty-six, to " enacted, that." Section thirty-seven, to " enacted, that, " and the word "that" before " all places." Section thirty-eight, the words "and be it enacted." Schedule (0.) so far as it applies to the following boroughs: — Abingdon, Wallingford, Buckingham, Great Marlow, Chipping Wycombe, Mac-cles6old, Bodmin, Launceston, Liskeard, Helston, St. Ives, Truro, Cockermouth, Barnstaple, Tiverton, Ashburton, Dartmouth, Exeter, Honiton, Tavistock, Totnes, Hridport, Dorchester, Lyme Regis, Poole, Shaftesbury, Wareham, Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, Harwich, Maldon, Cirencester, Stroud, Tewkesbury, Andover, Peters-field, Lymington, Leominster, St. Albans, Hertford, Huntingdon, Sandwich, Greenwich, Cli-theroe, Lancaster, Rochdale, Stamford, Finsbury, Mary-le-bone, Tower Hamlets, Westminster, Great Yarmouth, Thetford, Newark-upon-Trent, Banbury, New Woodstock, Bridgnorth, Ludlow, Wenlock, Frorae, Wells, Bridgewater, Lichfield, Tamworth, Eye, Sudbury, Lambeth, Reigate, Guildford, Lewes, Rye, Arundel, Chichester, Horsham, Midhurst, Kendal, Newport (Isle of Wight), Caine, Chippenham, Devizes, Malms* bury, Marlborough, Westbury, Wilton, Droitwich, Evesham, Bewdley, Malton, Northallerton, Richmond, Thirsk, Whitby, Beverley, Halifax, Knaresborough, Ripon, Wakefield, Beaumaris District (Amlwch, Beaumaris, Holyhead, and Llangefni), Brecon, Cardigan District (Aberyst-with, Adpar, Cardigan, and Lampeter), Denbigh (in Denbigh District), Rhndalan (in Flint District), Radnor District (Cefn Llys, Knighton, Knucklas, Presteign, New Radnor, and Rhay-drgwy).

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 65. An Act to amend the representation of the People in Scotland. In part; namely, — The words "And be it enacted, that" wherever they occur, and the word ‘ that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. Section one.

1888.

Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. Ch. 57.

468

Reign and Chapter.

2 & 3 Will. 4.

c. 65, — cont

2 A 3 Will. 4.

c. 6S.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 69.

2 A 3 Will. 4. c. 71.

Title.

Section two, so far as relates to the burgh of Selkirk; from "shall no longer, " where thoso words first occur, to " but " next following; and from " no longer " where those words next occur to following " but."

Section three, the word "thirty."

Section four, so far os it relates to Schedule (C.), and the word "twenty-three."

Schedule (A.), so far as it relates to the counties of Aberdeen, Ayr, Fife, Lanark, Peebles, Perth, Benfrew, and Selkirk.

Schedule (C.)

Schedule (D.), the words "Aberdeen " and " Dundee."

Schedule (E.), as far as relates to the numbers 9 and 14 and the combined burghs and towns named thereunder.

Schedules (L.) and (M.), as far as relates to Haddington and Wigton and the districts to which they respectively belong, and their boundaries.

An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Trespasses upon Property by Persons in pursuit of Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

In part; namely, —

The words " And be it enacted that " wherever they occur, except in sections four and sixteen, and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed.

The words " and be it enacted " in sections four and sixteen.

Section twelve, to " enacted that " and the word "that " before " the party."

An Act to prevent the Application of Corporate Property to the Purposes of Election of Members to serve in Parliament.

In part; namely, —

The words "And be it farther enacted, that" wherever they occur.

Section five, the word "that" before "he shall be."

The whole Act so far os it extends to England and Wales, except as to any corporation not within the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, and not extinguished by the Municipal Corporations Act, 1883.

An Act for shortening the Time of Prescription in certain cases.

In part; namely, —

The words "And be it further enacted that" wherever they occur, except in section eight. Section four, the word "that " before " no act." Section five, the word "that" before "in all pleadings."

Section eight, the words "and be it further enacted."

464

Ch. 67. Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 75. An Act for regulating Schools of Anatomy. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " in sections two to eight, ten to twelve, fourteen, fifteen, seventeen, and eighteen. Section six, the word "that " before " an annual return." The words "and be it enacted " in sections nine and thirteen. Section sixteen, to " repealed; and that, " and the words "either to be hung in chains, or, " the words "as to such court shall seem meet, " the word "that " where it last occurs, and the words "hung in chains, or, " where those words secondly occur, and from " whichever " to the end of the section.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 80. An Act to authorise the identifying of Lands and other Possessions of certain Ecclesiastical and Collegiate Corporations. In part; namely, — Section two, the words "and be it further enacted." The words "And be it further enacted, that" in sections three to five. Section six, to " enacted, that."

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 85. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to make " and ends with the words "of the same." In part; namely, — Section two, to " enacted that." Section three, tho words " and be it further enacted."

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 86. An Act to amend an Act of the Forty-fifth year of His Majesty King George the Third, relating to Post Roads in Ireland. In part; namely, — Section two, the words "and be it further enacted."

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 87. An Act to rogulate the Office for registering Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills in Ireland. In part; namely, — Preamble from " And whereas " to " also made, " and from " but without " to " appointments." The words "And bo it further enacted that, " " And be it enacted, that " and " And be it also enacted, that " wherever they occur, except in sections twenty-two, twenty-four, and thirty, and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. Section four, from " from and after" to the next " this Act." Section five, to " thirty-two." Section six. Section seven, to " December." Section eight, from "from and after" to "December." Section nine, from " to which time " to " may be."

1888.

Statute Law Revision (No. 2), 1888.

CfL

465

Reign and Chapter. Title.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 87. — i Section ten, from "from and after" to "December." Section eleven, to " December." Section twenty-one, to " December." Section twenty-two, the words "and be it farther enacted." Section twenty-four, the words "and be it enacted." Section twenty-nine, the words "from the said thirty-first day of December." Section thirty, the words "and be it enacted." Section thirty-six, to " enacted that."

2 & 3 wai. 4. c. 88. An Act to amend the Representation of the People of Ireland. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " in sections two, three, five, six, twelve, thirteen, twenty-seven, fifty-five, fifty-seven to sixty, and sixty-two. The words " And be it farther enacted, that" in sections ten and sixty-seven. Section nine, the words "and be it enacted." Section eleven, to " Galway, and." Section fourteen, to " this Act." Section sixty-two, the word "that" where it secondly occurs. Section sixty-four, to "enacted, that." Section sixty-eight, the words "and be it farther enacted." Schedule (A), except as to Belfast, Cork, Dublin, Galway, Kilkenny, Limerick, Londonderry, Newry, and Waterford.

2 & 3 wm. 4. c. 89. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to settle " and ends with the words "in Parliament." In part; namely, — Section two, to "enacted, that." Section three, the words "And be it further enacted, that, " and the word "that " wherever it occurs. Section four, the words "and be it enacted." Schedule, except so far as it relates to Belfast, Cashel, Cork, Dublin, Galway, Kilkenny, Limerick, Londonderry, Newry, Sligo, and Waterford.

2 A 3 Will. 4. c. 92. An Act for transferring the powers of the High Court of Delegates, both in Ecclesiastical and Maritime Causes, to His Majesty in Council. In part; namely, — Section three, to "thirty-three, " and the word "that " wherever it occurs.

2 A 3 Will. 4. c. 93. An Act for enforcing the Process upon Contempts in the Courts Ecclesiastical of England and Ireland. In part; namely, — The words " And be it further enacted, that wherever they occur.

466

Ch. 57. Statute Law Revision (iVo. 2) Act, 1888. 51 & 52 VICT.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

2 A 8 Will. 4. c. 100. An Act for shortening the Time required in Claims of Modus decimandi, or Exemption from or Discharge of Tithes. In part; namely, — The words " And be it further enacted, that" in sections two and eight. The words " and be it further enacted " in sections four and five. Section nine, to "that."

2 A 3 Will. 4. c. 103. An Act to provide for the Examination and Audit of the Customs and Excise Revenues in Scotland. In part; namely, — The words " And be it further enacted, that " in sections two to four. Section five, the words "and be it further enacted."

[Preamble.]

2 A 3 Will. 4. c. 105. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the better " and ends with the words "under the Crown." In part; namely, — Section one, the words "at the receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster " and from " and the said sum " to " recited Act." Section two. Section three, to " enacted, that." Section four, the words "and be it further enacted." Section five, to " enacted, that."

2 A 3 Will. 4. o. 108. An Act for amending the Laws in Ireland relative to the Appointment of Special Constables, and for the better Preservation of the Peace. In part; namely, — Section two, to " enacted, that." The words " And be it enacted, that" in sections three to twelve, fourteen to nineteen, and twenty-one. Section twenty-two, the words "and be it enacted."

[Preamble.]

2 A 3 tWill. 4. c. 111. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to abolish " and ends with the words "from Office." In part; namely, — Title, from " to abolish " to " and."

2 A 3 Will. 4. c. 115. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the better " and ends with the words "Catholic Religion." In part; namely, — The words " and be it further enacted " in sections four and five.

2 A 3 Will. 4. c. 116. An Act to provide for the salaries of certain High and Judicial Officers, and of Payments heretofore made out of the Civil List Revenues. In part; namely, — Section one, from " from and after " to "fire thousand pounds, " from " to the chief justice of the " Court of King’s Bench in Dublin " to " twelve shillings and fourpence."

1888.

Statute Law Revision (JVo. 2) Act, 1888. Ch. 57.

467

Reign and Chapter. Title.

2 A 3 Will. 4. c. 116. — con The words " And be it farther enacted that *’ in sections three and twelve. Section three, from "the first* to the end of the section. Section thirteen.

2 A 3 Will. 4. c. 120. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to repeal " and ends with the words "relating thereto." In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that *’ in sections six, seven, thirty-six, thirty-seven, forty-three, forty-five, forty-seven to forty-nine, one hundred and one, one handred and two, one hundred and five, one hundred and seven to one hundred and eleven, and one hundred and thirteen to one hundred and sixteen, and the word "that" wherever it occnrs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. The words " and be it enacted " in sections one hundred and three and one hundred and four. Section one hundred and six. Section one hundred and seventeen, from " that the term licensed " to next occurring " this Act."

2 A 3 Will. c. 123. An Act for abolishing the Punishment of Death in certain Cases of Forgery. In part; namely, — Preamble, the words "except so far as relates " to wills and certain powers of attorney as " herein-after mentioned."

2 A 3 Will. 4. c. 124. An Act to explain certain Provisions in Local Acts of Parliament relating to Double Toll on Tnmpike Roads. In part; namely, — Section two, the words "and be it farther enacted."

3 A 4 Will. 4. c. 13. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to provide " and ends with the words "Affairs of Taxes.’* In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " in sections two, four, and five. The words " and be it enacted " in sections six and eight.

3 A 4 Will. 4. c. 14. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to enable " and ends with the words "Savings Banks." In part; namely, — The words " And be it further enacted, that " in sections twenty-five and twenty-eight. Section twenty-nine, to " repealed; and that."

3 A 4 Will. 4. c. 15. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Dramatic Literary Property. In part; namely, — The words " And be it further enacted, that " in sections two and four. Section three, the words "and be it further enacted." Gg 2

468

Ch. 57. Statute Law Revision (Wo. 2) Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Tier.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 22. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Sewers. In part; namely, — The words " And be it further enacted that " and " And be it further enacted and declared that" wherever they occur (except in sections fifteen, twenty, twenty-one, twenty-seven, thirty-two. thirty-three, thirty-six, fifty-six, fifty-eight, and fifty-nine) and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. The words " and be it further enacted*' in sections fifteen, twenty, twenty-one, twenty-seven, thirty-two, thirty-three, thirty-six, fifty-six, fifty-eight, and fifty-nine. The words " and be it enacted " in section seventeen.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 24. An Act to amend an Act of the Tenth Year of His late Majesty for regulating the Reduction of the National Debt. The words " And be it further enacted, that" wherever they occur.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 27. An Act for the Limitation of Actions and Suits relating to Real Property, and for simplifying the Remedies for trying the Rights thereto. In part; namely, — The words " And be it further enacted, that" in sections three, six to thirteen, nineteen to twenty-two, twenty-four, twenty-six, thirty, thirty-two, thirty-four, thirty-five, thirty-nine, and forty-one to forty-three. The words " and be it further enacted '* in sections fourteen, fifteen, eighteen, twenty-five, twenty-seven, twenty-nine, thirty-one, and thirty-three. Section forty-four, to "enacted, that."

3 & 4 Will. 4. o.29. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to make " and ends with the words "Chelsea Hospital." In part; namely, — Section two, the words "And be it further enacted, that." Section four, the words "And be it enacted, that."

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 30. An Act to exempt from Poor and Church Rates all Churches, Chapels, and other Places of Religions Worship. In part; namely, — Section two, the words "and be it enacted.' *

3*4 Will. 4. o. 31. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to enable " and ends with the words "next ensuing." In part; namely, — Section two, to " enacted, that."

3*4 Will. 4. o 35. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to remedy " and ends with the words '* said Commissioners." In part; namely, — The words " And be it further enacted, that " wherever they occur.

1888.

Statute Law Revision (Vo. 2) Act, 1888. Ch. 57.

468

Reign and Chapter. Title.

3 & 4 wm. 4. c. 41. 1 An Act for the better Administration of Justice in His Majesty's Privy Council. In part; namely, — Section one, the words "the lord high chancellor " of Great Britain for the time oeing, " from " lord chief justice, " where those words first occur, to " bankruptcy, " and from " or held " to ‘‘ Britain." The words " And be it further enacted, that " and " And be it enacted that " wherever they occur (except in section thirty-one), and the word "that" wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. Section thirty-one, the words "and be it enacted."

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 42. An Act for the further Amendment of the law, and the better Advancement of Justice. In part; namely, — The words " And be it further enacted, that " wherever they occur, and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. Section six, from " or if in any " to " reverse the outlawry, " and the words "or outlawry reversed." Section nineteen, from " and in the Court " to " bankruptcy."

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 46. An Act to enable Burghs in Scotland to establish a general System of Police. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that" wherever they occur, except in sections one hundred and twenty-six and one hundred and thirty-two, and the word "that" wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. Section forty-nine, to " enacted, that." Section one hundred and seventeen, to " enacted that." Section one hundred and nineteen, the words and be it further enacted." The words " and be it enacted " in sections one hundred and twenty-six and one hundred and thirty-two. Section one hundred and thirty-seven, to " of this Act."

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 48. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the words "the Metropolis." In part; namely, — The words ‘ And be it enacted, that " in sections four and five. Section six, the words "and be it enacted."

3*4 Will. 4. c. 60. An Act to repeal the several I ws relating to the Customs. In part; namely, — Section three, from "and another Act passed in the fifteenth " to next following " third, " and from "and also an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland" to " coal trade thereof."

470

Ch. 57. Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

3 <fc 4 Will. 4. c. 63. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to render " and ends with the words "Corporations." In part; namely, — Section fonr, the words "and be it farther enacted and declared."

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 68. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Sale of Wine, Spirits, Beer, and Cider by Retail in Ireland. In part; namely, — The words "And be it further enacted, that" in sections three to six, eight to thirteen, fifteen, seventeen to nineteen, twenty-one to twenty-five, and twenty-eight to thirty-eight. The words "And be it enacted, that" in sections sixteen and twenty-seven. Section four, the word "that" before "if any such." Section fifteen, the word "that" before " if any such." Section twenty-six, the words "and be it enacted."

3 A 4 Will. 4. c. 69. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to extend " and ends with the words "in Scotland." In part; namely, — The words " And be it further enacted, that " in sections two to six, eight, nine, eleven to seventeen, twenty, and twenty-two. The words " and be it further enacted " in sections seven, ten, and twenty-one.

3 & 4 Will. 4. o. 70. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to alter" and ends with the words "in England." In part; namely, — Section two, to "enacted, that." The words " and be it further enacted " in sections three and four.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 71. An Act for the Appointment of convenient Places for the holding of Assizes in England and Wales. In part; namely, — Preamble, to " notwithstanding the said statute; and, " and from " but doubts " to end of the preamble. Section two, to " enacted, that." Section three, to " enacted, that."

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 73. An Act the title of which commences with the words "An Act for the Abolition " and ends with the words "of such Slaves." In part; namely, — Title from " for promoting " to end of title. Preamble, from the words "and that" where they first occur to end of preamble. Section twelve, to " enacted, that, " and the word "that " before " from and after." Sections sixty-one, sixty-four, and sixty-six. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's dominions.

3 A 4 Will. 4. c. 74. An Act for the Abolition of Fines and Recoveries, and for the Substitution of more simple Modes of Assurance. In part; namely, — The words " And be it further enacted, that " in sections two to eight, ten, eleven, thirteen to

1888.

Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. Ch. 57.

471

Reign and Chapter. Title.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 74. — cont. fifteen, nineteen, twenty-two, thirty-six, thirty-nine, forty, forty-two to forty-fire, forty-seven, fifty, fifty-six to sixty-one, sixty-three, sixty-five to sixty-eight, seventy-one to seventy-four, seventy-six, seventy-seven, seventy-nine to eighty-one, eighty-three, eighty-four, eighty-nine, ninety, and ninety-two. The words " and be it further enacted " in sections nine, twelve, sixteen, eighteen, twenty, twenty-one, twenty-three to thirty-five, thirty-seven, thirty-eight, forty-one, forty-six, forty-eight, forty-nine, fifty-one to fifty-four, sixty-two, sixty-four, sixty-nine, seventy-eight, eighty-two, and ninety-one. Section thirty-six, the word "that" before "the protector." Section forty-seven, the word "that" before "no disposition." Section seventy-nine, the words "ora master in Chancery." Section eighty, the words "master in Chancery." Section eighty-three, the words "or a master in Chancery." Section eighty-four, the words "master in Chancery, " and from "which memorandum " to end of the section. Section eighty-nine, from "and certificates" to " the certificates."

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 76. An Act to alter and amend the Laws for the Election of the Magistrates and Councils of the Royal Burghs in Scotland. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that" and " And be it further enacted, that" wherever they occur; and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 77. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to provide " and ends with the words "Royal Burghs." In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " in sections two to four, six, seven, nine to seventeen, nineteen to twenty-seven, and twenty-nine to thirty-three. Section five, the words "and be it enacted." Section twenty-one, the word "that " before " on the contrary." Section twenty-eight, to " enacted, that."

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 78. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Grand Juries in Ireland. In part; namely, — Section seventy-three, the words "and be it enacted." The words " And be it enacted, that " in sections seventy-four and eighty-one. Section eighty-seven, to " enacted, that."

472

Ch. 57. Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 80. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act requiring " and ends with the words "before Parliament. " In part; namely, — Section two, to " present year, " and the words "in every future year." The words " And be it further enacted, that " in sections three to six. Section three, the word '* that" before " in all future years." The words "And be it enacted, that" in sections seven and eight.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 82. An Act to allow the People called Separatists to make a solemn Affirmation and Declaration instead of an Oath. In part; namely, — Section two, to "enacted, that."

3 A 4 Will. 4. o.83. An Act the title of which begins with the words An Act to compel" and ends with the words "Fifty Pounds." In part; namely, — Title, from " to compel" to " Circulation, and." Section two, to " enacted, that."

3 A 4 Will. 4. o. 84. An Act to provide for the Performance of the Duties of certain Offices connected with the Court of Chancery which have been abolished. In part; namely, — Section two, the words "And be it further enacted that, " and the word "that " wherever it occurs.

3 A 4 Will. 4. c. 86. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for effecting " and ends with the words "and fifty-four." In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that" and "And " be it further enacted, that" wherever they occur (except in sections thirty-six, forty-five, forty-six, forty-eight, fifty-one, fifty-seven, seventy-five, seventy-seven, eighty-three, ninety-two, ninety-four, and ninety-nine), and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. The words " and be it enacted " in sections thirty-six, forty-five, forty-six, forty-eight, fifty-one, fifty-seven, seventy-five, seventy-seven, eighty-three, ninety-two, ninety-four, and ninety-nine. Section eighty-eight.

3 A 4 Will. 4. c. 87. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for remedying " and ends with the words "been omitted." In part; namely, — The words "And be it further enacted, that" in sections two to six. Section seven, the words "and be it farther enacted."

1888.

Statute Law Revision (No. 2.) Act, 1888. Ch. 57.

478

Reign and Chapter. j Title.

[Preamble.]

3*4 Will. 4. c. 90. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to repeal " and ends with the words "Provisions in lien thereof." In part; namely, — The words " And be it further enacted, that " and " And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur in sections five to twelve, fourteen to thirty-three, thirty-five to forty-five, forty-eight to fifty-three, fifty-five to sixty-one, sixty-three, sixty-nine to seventy-four, and seventy-seven, and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. The words " and be it further enacted " in sections thirteen, thirty-four, forty-six, forty-seven, fifty-four, sixty-four, sixty-six to sixty-eight, seventy-five, and seventy-six. Section seventy-eight.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 91. An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws relar tive to Jurors and J uries in Ireland.

3 A 4 Will. 4. c. 92. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to explain " and ends with the words "in Ireland." In part; namely, — Section four, the words "Be it further enacted, that." The words " And be it further enacted, that " in sections six and seven.

[Preamble.]

3 A 4 Will. 4. c. 93. An Act to regulate the trade to China and India. In part; namely, — Section two. The words " And be it enacted, that " in sections seven to nine. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's dominions.

3 A 4 Will. 4. o.94. An Act for the Regulation of the Proceedings and Practice of certain Offices of the High Court of Chancery in England.

3 A 4 Will. 4. o.98. An Act for giving to the Corporation of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England certain Privileges, for a limited Period, under certain Conditions. In part; namely, — Preamble, from " And whereas the said Governor " to end of the preamble. The words " And be it further enacted, that" in sections two, six, eight, and fourteen. Section four, the words "and be it farther enacted."

3 A 4 Will. 4. c. 99. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for facilitating " and ends with the words "of Exchequer." In part; namely, — Title, from " for facilitating ". to " Accounts; and "; and from " and to " to end of title. The words "And be it further enacted, that " in sections twenty-three to twenty-nine, thirty-one to thirty-five, and forty-seven.

474

Ch. 37. Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vici.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 99 . — cont The words " and be it enacted " in sections thirty and thirty-nine. Section thirty-one, the words "do and." The words " and be it farther enacted " in sections thirty-six to thirty-eight, and forty.

3 & 4 Will. o 105. An Act for the Amendment of the Law relating to Dower. In part; namely, — Sections two to ten, and twelve to fourteen, the words "And be it further enacted, that." Section eleven, the words "and be it further enacted." Section thirteen.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 106. An Act for the Amendment of the Law of Inheritance. In part; namely, — The words "And be it further enacted, that" wherever they occur, and the word "that" wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. Section seven, to " declared, that, " and the word "that " wherever it occurs. Section eight, to "declared, that."

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 11. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for continuing " and ends with the words "Land Tax." In part; namely, — Title, from "for continuing" to "thirty-four; and."

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 16. An Act to abolish the Office of Reoorder of the Great Roll or Clerk of the Pipe in the Exchequer in Scotland. In part; namely, — Section two, to " enacted, that."

[Preamble.]

4 & 5 Will. 4. o. 19. An Act to repeal certain Duties on Inhabited Dwelling Houses. In part; namely, — Section three, to " enacted, that."

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 22. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend" and ends with the words "periodical Payments." In part; namely, — Section two, to " enacted, that." Section three, the words "and be it enacted."

[Preamble.]

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 24. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to alter " and ends with the words "His Majesty's Service." In part; namely, — Section six, the words "from and after the passing of this Act." The words "And be it further enacted, that" in sections nine, eighteen, twenty-two, twenty-six, and twenty-eight, and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. The words " and be it further enacted " in sections twelve, twenty, twenty-one, twenty-three, twenty-five, and thirty.

1888.

Statute Law Revision (iVo. 2) Act, 1888,

Ch. 57.

475

Reign and Chapter. Title.

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 27. An Act for the better Administration of Justice in certain Boroughs and Franchises.

4 & 5 Will 4. c. 28. An Act to amend the Laws relative to Marriages celebrated by Boman Catholic Priests and Ministers not of th$ Established Church, in Scotland. In part; namely, — Section two, to " enacted, that."

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 29. An Act for the facilitating the Loan of Money upon Landed Securities in Ireland. In part; namely, — The words " and be it further enacted " in sections two and sir. Section three, to " enacted, that." The words "and be it enacted" in sections four and five.

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 30. An Act to facilitate the Exchange of Lands lying in Common Fields. In part; namely, — The words ‘ ‘ And be it further enacted, that " in sections two, four, seven, nine to twenty, twenty-two to twenty-five, twenty-seven, and twenty-eight. The words " and be it further enacted " in sections three, five, six, and eight. Section twenty-one, the words "and be it enacted."

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 36. The Central Criminal Court Act, 1834. In part; namely, — Section one, from "the chief judge" to "Admiralty." The words " And be it further enacted, that " in sections two to four, nine, eleven, twelve, fourteen to sixteen, and eighteen to twenty; and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. Section sixteen, the words "or the chief judge or " any other judge of the Court of Bankruptcy." The words " and be it further enacted " in sections twenty-one and twenty-three. Section twenty-six.

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 39. An Act to give Costs in Actions of Quare impedit.

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 41. An Act to regulate the Appointment of Ministers to Churches in Scotland erected by voluntary Contribution. In part; namely, — Section one, from " Provided always, that nothing " to " churches thereof." Section two, the words "and be it enacted." Sections three and four.

4 & 5 Will. 4. An Act to facilitate the taking of Affidavit and Affirma-c. 42. tions in the Court of the Vice-Warden of the Stannaries

of Cornwall. In part; namely, — Section three.

476

Ch. 57. Statute Law Revision (Xo. 2) Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

4 A 5 Will. 4. c. 43. An Act to authorize Persons duly appointed to act as Justices of the Peace in the Islands of Scilly, although, not qualified according to Law. In part; namely, — Section two, to " enacted, that."

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 46. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the words "in Ireland." In part; namely, — Section three, to " enacted, that."

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 51. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Collection and Management of the Revenue of Excise. In part; namely, — The words "And be it further enacted, that"in sections two, three, five to eight, eleven to fourteen, sixteen, seventeen, nineteen, twenty-one to twenty-three, twenty-five, and twenty-seven to twenty-nine. Section nine, the words "and be it further enacted."

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 60. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Land and Assessed Taxes and to consolidate the Boards of Stamps and Taxes. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " in sections five and nine.

4 A 5 Will. 4. o. 61. An Act for the more effectually providing for the Erection of certain Bridges in Ireland. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur, and the word "that" wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed.

4 A 5 WU1. 4. c. 65. An Act for the more effectual Administration of Justice at Norfolk Island. In part; namely, — The words "And be it further enacted, that" wherever they occur. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's dominions.

4 A 5 WU1. 4. o. 67. An Act for abolishing Capital Punishment in case of returning from Transportation. In part; namely, — From " so much " to " this Act."

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 70. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to regulate " and ends with the words "of Ingrossments." In part; namely, — Title, from " and to " to end of title. Preamble, from "and whereas an Act" to "said offices, " and from " and by the said " to " officers of the House of Commons."

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 75. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to repeal " and ends with the words '* United Kingdom." In part; namely, — Title, from " to repeal " to " thereof; and."

1888.

Statute Law Revision (No. 2.) Act, 1888. Ch. 57.

477

Reign and Chapter. Title.

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 76. The Poor Law Amendment Act, 1834. In part; namely, — The words " And be it farther enacted, that " and " And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur (except in sections ninety-six and one hundred and three) and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. The words " and be it further enacted " in sections ninety-six and one hundred and three.

4 & 5 Will. 4. o. 77. An Act for repealing the Duties on Starch, Stone Bottles, Sweets, or Made Wines, Mead or Metheglin, and on Scale board made from Wood. In part; namely, — Section ten.

4 A 6 Will. 4. c. 78. An Act for the Amendment of the Proceedings and Practice of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland. In part; namely, — The words " And be it further enacted, that" wherever they occur, and the word 4 4 that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed.

4 A 6 Will. 4. c. 82. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the words44 and Ireland." In part; namely, — Section two, to enacted, that."

4 & 5 Will. 4. o. 85. An Act to amend on Act passed in the First Year of His present Majesty, to permit the general Sale of Beer and Cider by Retail in England. In part; namely, — The words And be it further enacted, that " and And be it enacted that " wherever they occur, except in section fifteen, and the word that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. Section eleven, from and also " to the end of the section. Section fifteen, the words "and be it further enacted."

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 92. An Act for the Abolition of Fines and Recoveries, and for the Substitution of more simple Modes of Assurance, in Ireland. In part; namely, — The words And be it further enacted, that " in sections two to five, seven, eight, ten to twelve, sixteen, nineteen, twenty-two, thirty-four, thirty-seven, thirty-eight, forty to forty-three, forty-five, forty-nine to fifty-four, fifty-six, fifty-eight to sixty, sixty-three to sixty-eight, seventy to seventy-two, seventy-four, seventy-five, and eighty, and the word that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. The words and be it further enacted" in sections six, nine, thirteen, fifteen, seventeen, eighteen, twenty, twenty-one, twenty-three to thirty-three, thirty-five, thirty-six, thirty-nine, forty-four, forty-six, forty-seven, fifty-five, fifty-seven, sixty-one, sixty-nine, seventy-three, and eighty-one.

478

Ch. 57. Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Reign and Chapter.1 Title.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 16. An Act for altering and amending the Law regarding Commitments by Courts of Equity for Contempts, and the taking Bills pro Confesso in Ireland. In part; namely, — The words " And be it further enacted, that " and " And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur (except in sections three to eight), and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. The words " and be it further enacted " in sections three to eight. Sections sixteen and seventeen.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 17. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to extend " and ends with the words "unsound Mind." In part; namely, — Preamble to " terms of years: And, " and from " And whereas by the said Act it is " to " shall direct " where those words last occur. Section two, to " enacted, that."

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 18. An Act to exempt Carriages carrying Manure from Toll In part; namely, — The words " and be it enacted " and " And be it further enacted, that." Section one, from " from and after " to " thirty* six."

5 A 6 Will. 4. o. 20. An Act to consolidate certain Offices in the Collection of the Revenues of Stamps and Taxes, and to amend the Laws relating thereto. In part; namely, — The words "And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur.

5 & 6 Will. 4. o. 24. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the " and ends with the words "His Majesty's i Navy." In part; namely, — The words " And be it further enacted, that " and " and be it enacted " wherever they occur. Section eight, the word "that " before " all such."

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 26. An Act for the Appointment of convenient Places for the holding of Assizes in Ireland. In pare; namely, — Preamble, to " the said statute:And, " and from " but doubts " to end of preamble. Section one, to " enacted, that." Section two, the words "and be it enacted." Section three to " enacted, that."

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 27. An Act to continue and amend certain Regulations for the Linen and Hempen Manufactures in Ireland. In part; namely, — The words " And be it further enacted, that " in sections two to eight, ten, sixteen, eighteen to twenty-six, and thirty-one to thirty-seven, and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. The words " and be it enacted " in sections twelve and seventeen. Section fourteen to " enacted that."

1888.

Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. Ch. 57.

470

Reign and Chapter. Title.

5 & 6 Will. 4. o. 33. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for preventing " and ends with the words "in Cases of Felony." In part; namely, — Title, from " and for extending " where those words secondly occur, to end of title.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 35. An Act the title of which begins with the words An Act for consolidating " and ends with the words "the Ordnance." In part; namely, — The words " And be it further enacted, that " wherever they occur, and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 36. An Act to limit the Time of taking the Poll in Boroughs at contested Elections of Members to serve in Parliament to One Day. In part; namely, — Section two. The words " And be it further enacted, that " in sections seven and nine. Section seven, the word "that " before " such vote." Section eight, the words "And be it enacted, that."

5 <fe 6 Will. 4. o. 38. An Act for effecting greater Uniformity of Practice in the Government of the several Prisons in England and Wales; and for appointing Inspectors of Prisons in Great Britain. In part; namely, — Title, the words "and for appointing Inspectors of Prisons in Great Britain." Section four, to " enacted, that. " Sections eight and nine. Section ten, to " enacted, that."

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 39. An Act the title of which begins with the words ‘ An Act to exempt " and ends with the words "Removal thereof." In part; namely, — The words "And be it further enacted, that" in sections three, five, and seven. Section four, the words ‘ and be it further enacted."

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 41. An Act to amend the Law relating to Securities given for Considerations arising out of gaming, usurious, and certain other illegal Transactions. In part; namely, — Section two, to " enacted, that."

5 A 6 Will. 4. c. 42. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to authorize " and ends with the words "Insolvent Debtors." In part; namely, — Section two, the words *' and be it enacted."

5 A 6 Will. 4. c. 50. i An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Highways in that Part of Great Britain called England. In part; namely, — The words And be it further enacted, that " and " And be it enacted, that, " wherever they occur in sections five to twelve, fourteen to seventeen,

480

Ch. 57. Statute Law Revision 2) Act, 1888. 51 & 52 VICT.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

5 A 6 Will. 4. o. 50. — cont. nineteen to twenty-six, twenty-nine, thirty-one to forty-seven, forty-nine to fifty-one, fifty-three to Sfty-seven, fifty-nine to sixty-five, sixty-seven to seventy, seventy-two, seventy-three, seventy-five to seventy-eight, eighty, eighty-one, eijghty-three to oighty-five, eighty-nine, ninety, ninety-three to ninety-nine, one hundred and three, one hundred and six, one hundred and eight to one hundred and twelve, and one hundred and eighteen; and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. The words " and be it further enacted " in sections fifty-two, sixty-six, eighty-two, eighty-six to eighty-eight, ninety-one, ninety-two, one hundred and five, one hundred and seven, and one hundred and thirteen to one hundred and seventeen. Section one hundred and eight, from " in which " to the end of the section. Section one hundred and nineteen.

5 A 6 Will. 4. o.52. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to authorize " and ends with the words Government of Agra." In part; namely, — Section two, to " enacted, that." Repealed as to all Her Majesty's dominions.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 54. An Act to render certain Marriages valid, and to alter the Law with respect to certain voidable Marriages. In part; namely, — Section two, to " enacted, that." Section three, to " enacted, that."

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 55. An Act the title of which begins with the words '* An Act for facilitating " and ends with the words "Great Britain." In part; namely, — Title, the words "and to abolish certain Offices in the Court of Exchequer in Ireland." The words " And be it further enacted, that" and " And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur in sections two, four to nine, eleven to fourteen, twenty-three to twenty-five, thirty-one to thirty-eight, forty, and forty-one, and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. The words " and be it further enacted " in sections three, ten, and fifteen to seventeen.

5*6 Will. 4. c. 57. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to extend " and ends with the wordB " in Scotland." In part; namely, — Title, from " and to " to end of title.

5*6 Will. 4. o.58. i An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Hereditary Land Revenues of the Crown in Scotland. In part; namely, — Section four to enacted, that." Section five, the words "and be it farther enacted."

1888.

Statute Law Revision (No. 2), 1888.

Cfl. 57.

481

Reign and Chapter. Title.

[Preamble.]

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 62. The Statutory Declarations Act, 1835. In part; namely, — Title, from " to repeal " to " Affidavits; and " and the word "other." The words " And be it farther enacted, that " and " And be it enacted, that, " wherever they occur in sections two to five, eight, ten to twelve, fourteen, sixteen, seventeen, and nineteen to twenty.one; and the word "that" wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. The words "and be it enacted " in sections six and seven.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 65. An Act for preventing the Publication of Lectures with* out Consent. In part; namely, — Section one, from " by action " to end of the section. The words " And be it further enacted, that " in sections two and three.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 69. The Union and Parish Property Act, 1835. In part; namely, — The words 14 And be it further enacted, that " and " And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur. Section six and the Schedule, so far as they relate to the form of security.

5 &6 Will. 4. c. 70. An Act for abolishing, in Scotland, Imprisonment for Civil Debts of small Amount. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 73. An Act to provide that Persons accused of Forgery in Scotland shall not be entitled to Bail, unless in certain Coses. In part; namely, — Section two, the words "and be it enacted."

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 74. An Act for the more easy Recovery of Tithes. ! Except as to tithes, oblations, compositions, or other j dues or demands which have not been commuted or are otherwise still payable.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 75. An Act for the Amendment of the Law as to the tithing of Turnips in certain Cases. Except as to tithes which have not been commuted or are otherwise still payable.

[Preamble.]

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 78. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to explain" and ends with the words "the Expenses there." Iu part; namely, — The words "And be it enacted, that " and " And be it further enacted, that" wherever they occur. Section five, to " four in the afternoon."

482

Ch. 57. Statute Law Revision (No. 2), 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 11. 1 An Act for the Registration of Aliens, and to repeal an Act passed in the Seventh Year of His late Majesty for that Purpose. In part; namely, — Title, from " and to repeal " to end of title. The words " And be it further enacted, that" in sections two to ten. Section eleven, the words "and be it farther enacted."

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 12. ! 1 An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for amending " and ends with the words "and Wales." In part; namely, — The words " And be it further enacted, that" in sections two, three, five, and six. Section four, the words "and be it further enacted. "

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 13. An Act to consolidate the Laws relating to the Constabulary Force in Ireland. In part; namely, — The words And be it enacted, that" and "And be it further enacted, that, " wherever they occur in sections five, seven, nine to eleven, thirteen to twenty-five, twenty-seven to twenty-nine, thirty-one, thirty-five to forty-four, forty-nine, fifty-one, fifty-two, and fifty-seven; and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. The words " and be it enacted " in sections twelve, thirty-two, thirty-three, forty-five, fifty, fifty-four, and fifty-five. Section forty-nine, from " and that it shall " to the end of the section. The words " and be it further enacted " in section fifty-three.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 19. An Act for separating the Palatine Jurisdiction of the County Palatine of Durham from the Bishoprick of Durham. In part; namely, — Section three, to " this Act." The words " and be it further enacted " in sections Bix and nine. Section seven, to "enacted that."

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 20. An Act for imposing certain Restrictions on the Renewal of Leases by Ecclesiastical Persons. In part; namely, — The words "And be it farther enacted, that" in sections two, three, and ten. The words " and be it enacted " in sections four to eight. Section nine, the words "And be it enacted, that."

6 A 7 Will. 4. c. 28. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to enable " and ends with the words "and Taxes." In part; namely, — The words "And be it further enacted, that" wherever they occur, and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed.

1888.

Statute Law Revision (Ao. 2) Act, 1888. Ch. 57.

483

Reign and Chapter.

Tide.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 29.

6 A 7 Will. 4. c. 36.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 37.

6 & 7 Will. 4.

c. 38.

6 A 7 Will. 4. c. 42.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 51.

An Act for improving the Police in the District of Dublin Metropolis.

In part; namely, —

The words "And be it enacted, that" and "And be it further enacted, that " wherever they occur, and the word "that" wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed.

Section forty-seven.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend" and ends with th9 words "Force in Ireland."

In part; namely, —

Section two, to " enacted, that."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to repeal " and ends with the words "Limits aforesaid."

In_part; namely, —

The words " And be it enacted, that" "And be it further enacted, that " and " And be it also enacted, that " wherever they occur, except in sections fourteen, fifteen, thirty-one, and thirty-three, and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed.

The words "and be it enacted" in sections fourteen, fifteen, and thirty-three.

Section fifteen, from "by action" to the end of the section.

Sections eighteen and nineteen.

Section twenty-three.

Section twenty-five, the words "and be it hereby enacted."

Section thirty-one, the words "and be it further enacted. "

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the words "in Ireland."

In part; namely, —

The words " And be it further enacted, that, " and " And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur; and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to grant " and ends with the words "affecting the same."

In part; namely, —

The words "and be it enacted" in sections two, four, twelve, fourteen, and fifteen.

The words "And be it enacted, that" in sections three, five, eight to eleven, thirteen, and sixteen to twenty; and the word "that" wherever it occurs in the said sections with reference to the introductory words so repealed.

The words " and be it further enacted" in sections six and twenty-one.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for converting " and ends with the words "in Ireland."

Hh 2

484

Ch. 57. Statute Law Revision (JVo. 2) Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Reign and Chapter.

Title.

6

& 7 Will. 4.; An Act for regulating the Process of Cessio bonorum in c. 56. the Court of Session, and for extending the Jurisdiction

of Sheriffs in Scotland to such Cases.

In part; namely, —

The words '* And be it enacted, that" wherever they occur.

Section one, from " after the " to " thirty-six." Section two, the words on or after the said thirty-first day of October."

Section three, to " October."

Sections seven to fourteen.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 59.

An Act to extend the Protection of Copyright in Prints and Engravings to Ireland.

In part; namely, —

Section two, to " enacted, that."

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 65.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for granting " and ends with the words "in Scotland."

6 & 7 Will, c. 69.

4.

6 & 7 Will, c. 71.

4.

An Act to fix the Standard Qualities of Gold and Silver Plate in Scotland, and to provide for the assaying and marking thereof.

In part; namely. —

The words " And be it enacted, that " and " And be it further enacted, that " wherever they occur in sections two to nine, eleven to fourteen, and seventeen to twenty-four, and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed.

The words " and be it enacted " in sections ten, fifteen, and sixteen.

Section twenty-five.

An Act for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales.

In part; namely, —

The words " And be it enacted, that " in sections two to eighteen, twenty to twenty-four, twenty-seven, twenty-nine tu thirty-seven, thirty-nine to forty-five, forty-seven, forty-eight, fifty to seventy-three, seventy-five to eighty-three, and eighty-five to ninety-six, and the word "that" wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed.

The words " and be it enacted " in sections nineteen, twenty-six, twenty-eight, thirty-eight, forty-six, forty-nine, and eighty-four.

Section two, from " shall be styled" to " Wales, and."

Section seventy-four, to " enacted."

6 & 7 Will. 4.1 An Act to abolish certain Offices connected with the c. 74. Court of Chancery in Ireland, and to provide for the

Performance of the Duties thereof.

I In part; namely, —

j The words " And be it further enacted, that"

! wherever they occur; and the word "that"

i wherever it occurs with reference to the intro-

l ductory words so repealed.

1883.

Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. Ch. 57.

485

Reign and Chapter. Title.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 77. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for carrying " and ends with the words "Revenues and Patronage." In part; namely, — Preamble from " of the parishes of Barking" to "Lambeth Palace"; the words "and of the " before-mentioned parishes to the diocese of " London"; from " and that those parts of the counties of Worcester" to "Bangor respectively"; the words "and Derby "; from " and Nottingham " to "of Canterbury " where those words next occur; from " of the county of Essex " to " county of Hertford "; from " and that the sees of Saint Asaph " to " and Hereford "; from " and that the diocese of Durham " to "in the diocese of York"; from "consists of the county of Chester " to " whole diocese "; from and that the diocese of Manchester " to " Cartmel "; from " that the chapter of Carlisle " to " chapter of Bangor "; from " and that upon the first avoidance " to " see so avoided "; from " and that none of the proposed " to " consent of such bishop "; and from " and that archidiaconal " to " diocese of Rochester." The words " And be it enacted, that " in sections two, three, four, six, seven, and nine to nineteen, and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. Section five, the words "and be it enacted." Section eight, to " enacted, that."

6*7 Vfll 4. c. sa 6 & 7 Will. 4. <5. 85. An Act for the Regulation of the Offices of Vice-Treasurer and Teller of the Exchequer in Ireland. An Act for Marriages in England. In part; namely. — The words " And be it enacted, that" in sections two to twenty-four, twenty-seven to thirty, and thirty-two to forty-five; and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. Section thirty-one, the words "and be it enacted."

6 <fc 7 Will. 4. c. 86. An Act for registering Births, Deaths, and Marriages in England. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " in sections two, three, five to seven, nine to eleven, thirteen to fifteen, seventeen, eighteen, twenty-nine to thirty-five, thirty-seven to forty-two, forty-six, and forty-seven, and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. The words " and be it enacted " in sections eight, forty-four, and forty-nine.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 87. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for extinguishing " and ends with the words "and Cambridge." In part; namely, — The words " And be it further enacted, that " and " And be it enacted, that " wherever they ocour;

436

Ch. 57. Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict,

Reign and Chapter. Title.

0 & 7 Will. 4. o. 87. — cont. and the word "that" wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. Section ten, to " thenceforth.’1

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 89. An Act to provide for the Attendance and Remuneration of Medical Witnesses at Coroners Inquests. In part; namely, — ITie words " And be it further enacted, that " in sections two, three, and six. The words " and be it further enacted" in sections four and fire. Sections seven, to " enacted, that."

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 96. An Act to regulate Parochial Assessments. In part; namely, — The words " And be it further enacted, that " and " And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur; and the word "that" wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 97. An Act for continuing and making perpetual the Duty on certain Offices and Pensions. In part; namely, — The words " And be it further enacted, that " in sections two and four. Section two, the words "personal estates, " from " and also " to next occurring " twenty-five, " and the word "that " before " the several." Section three, the words "and be it further enacted."

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 103. An Act to make temporary Provision for the Boundaries of certain Boroughs. In part; namely, — Section six, to " enacted that, " and the word "that" before " the provisions."

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 106. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to make" and ends with the words "said Stannaries." In part; namely, — The words "And be it further enacted, that, " " And be it further declared and enacted, that, " and " And be it enacted, that" wherever they occur in sections two, four, six to nine, twelve, thirteen, fifteen to twenty-two, twenty-four, twenty-six to thirty-nine, and forty-one to forty-four, and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. Section four, from " Provided always " to the end of the section. The words " and be it further enacted " in section ten.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 108. An Act to amend an Act passed in the First and Second Years of His present Majesty, for the Extension and Promotion of Public Works in Ireland. In part; namely, — The words "And be it enacted, that" and "And be it further enacted, that " wherever they occur; and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed.

1888.

Statute Law Revision (Vo. 2) Act, 1888. Ch. 57.

487

Reign and Chapter. Title.

6 A 7 Will. 4. c. 110. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to repeal " and ends with the words "in Dublin." In part; namely, — The words "And be it further enacted, that" in sections two and three.

6 A 7 Will. 4. c. 114. An Act for enabling persons indicted of Felony to make their Defence by Counsel or Attorney. In port; namely, — The words " And be it further enacted, that " wherever they occur.

6 A 7 Will. 4. c. 115. An Act for facilitating the Inclosure of Open and Arable Fields in England and Wales. In part; namely, — The words " And be it further enacted that " and " And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur in sections two to five, seven, nine, fourteen to sixteen, twenty, twenty-four to twenty-nine, thirty-one, thirty-five, thirty-eight, forty to forty-six, forty-nine to fifty-three, and fifty-six, and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. The words " and be it further enacted " in sections six, eight, thirteen, seventeen to nineteen, twenty-one, twenty-two, thirty-two to thirty-four, thirty-six, thirty-seven, forty-seven, forty-eight, fifty-four, fifty-five, and fifty-eight. The words "and be it enacted" in sections ten to twelve, twenty-three, thirty-nine, and fifty-seven.

6 A 7 Will. 4. c. 116. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Presentment of Public Money by Grand Juries in Ireland. In part; namely, — The wordsAnd be it enacted, that, " " And be it further enacted, that, " and " ALnd it is hereby " declared and enacted, that" wherever they occur in sections three to six, eight to nineteen, twenty-two to twenty-six, twenty-eight to thirty-one, thirty-three, thirty-four, thirty-six to fifty-two, fifty-five to fifty-eight, sixty, sixty-two, sixty-four, sixty-six to seventy-seven, seventy-nine to eighty-seven, ninety to ninety-four, ninety-six, ninety-seven, one hundred and one, one hundred and five to one hundred and eight, one hundred and ten to one hundred and fourteen, one hundred and sixteen, one hundred and seventeen, one hundred and twenty to one hundred and twenty-four, one hundred and twenty-six to one hundred and thirty, one hundred and thirty-two to one hundred and thirty-six, one hundred and thirty-eight, one hundred and thirty-nine, one hundred and forty-one to one hundred and forty-seven, one hundred and forty-nine, one hundred and fifty-two, one hundred and fifty-three, one hundred and fifty-five to one hundred and fifty-nine, one hundred and sixty-one to one hundred and seventy-five, one hundred and

r

488

Ch. 57. Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. 51 & 52 VICT.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 116. — cmd. seventy-seven to one hundred and eighty, and one hundred and eighty-five, and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. •The words " and be it enacted " in sections twenty-one, twenty-seven, thirty-two, thirty-five, sixty-three, one hundred and thirty-one, one hundred and thirty-seven, and one hundred and sixty. Section one hundred and forty, the words "and be it further enacted."

7 Will. 4. 4 1 Vict. c. 2. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend" and ends with the words "Juries in Ireland." In part; namely, — The words ‘‘And be it enacted that " and " And be it further enacted, that " wherever they occur. Section eighteen, the word "that " where it secondly occurs.

[Preamble.]

7 Will. 4. 4 1 Vict. c. 17. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for carrying " and ends with the words "of Land Tax." In part; namely, — Title, from " for carrying " to " Supplies; and." Section one. Section four, the words "And be it enacted, that."

7 Will. 4. 4 1 Vict. c. 19. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to empower " and ends with the words "in certain Cases."

7 Will. 4. 4 1 Vict. c. 21. An Act to amend the Acts for the Extension and Promotion of Public Works in Ireland. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur.

7 Will. 4. 4 1 Vict. c. 22. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to explain " and ends with the words "Marriages, in England." In part; namely, — The words "And be it enacted, that" wherever they occur. Section seventeen, the word "that" before "no other person."

7 Will. 4. 4 1 Vict. c. 23. An Act to abolish the punishment of the Pillory.

7 Will. 4. 4 1 Vict. c. 24. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to explain "and ends with the words "England and Wales." In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " and "And " be it further enacted, that" wherever they occur.

1888.

Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. Ch. 57.

489

BelgD and Chapter. Title.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 25. An Act to make more effectual Provisions relating to the Police in the District of Dublin Metropolis. In part; namely, — The words "And be it enacted, that" wherever they occur. Section three, the word "that " before " this Act and." Section twenty-seven, the word "that " before " in all cases " and before " every such witness." Section twenty-nine.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 26. An Act for the Amendment of the Laws with respect to Wills. In part; namely, — The words "And be it further enacted, that" in sections three, five to seven, nine, ten, thirteen to thirty-five. Section three, the word "that" before " the power hereby." The words "and be it further enacted" in sections four, eight, and eleven. Section thirty-four, the word "that " wherever it occurs.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 50. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to abolish " and ends with the words "in those Courts." In part; namely, — The words "And be it further enacted that, " wherever they occur. Section nine. Section fifteen, from " Provided always" to end of section. Section twenty-eight, from " or to deprive " to ‘ been passed " where those words next occur.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 32. An Act to repeal tho several Laws relating to the Post Office. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that" in sections three and four. Schedule (8.), so far as relates to 5 Anne c. 4. and the saving in third column against 9 Anne c. 10. from " as relates to the appropriation " to " Exchequer; and, " and from " and as relates to all " to eud of the saving.

7 Will. 4. 1 Vict. c. 33. An Act for the Management of the Post Office. In part; namely, — The words ‘' And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur, and the word "that" wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 36. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for consolidating " and ends with the words "in those Laws." In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur. Section ten. liepealed ns to all Her Majesty's dominions *

490

Ch. 57. Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. 51 & 52 ViCL.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 41. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the more" and ends with the words "in Scotland." In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " and " And be it enacted and declared, that" wherever they occur.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 45. An Act the title of which begins with the words An Act to alter " and ends with the words "to various Matters." In parts; namely, — Preamble from " And whereas by an Act " to next following " Sunday." Section one, from "from and after " where those words first occur to " January next." Section two, to " January next." The words "And bo it further enacted, that" in sections three and six, and the word "that" in section three before ‘ every." Section four, to " January next." Section five, the words "and be it further enacted."

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 47. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to repeal " and ends with the words "in India." In port; namely, — Section two, the words "and be it enacted." Section three, to "enacted, that." Repealed as to all Her Majesty's dominions.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 50. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to facilitate " and ends with the words "King William the Fourth." In part; namely, — The words "And be it enacted, that, " wherever they occur. Section two, the word "that" before "such difference."

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 53. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to explain " and ends with the words "and Cambridge." In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that, " wherever they occur.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 54. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to provide " and ends with the words "secure the same." In part; namely, — The words "And be it enacted, that" wherever they occur.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 67. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend" and ends with the words "and Workmen." In part; namely, — Section three, the words "And be it further enacted, that."

issa

Statute Law Revision (No. 2), 1S88.

Ch. 57.

491

Reign and Chapter. Title.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 69. An Act to amend an Act for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict c. 72. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to provide " and ends with the words "of Her Majesty. In part; namely, — The words '' And be it enacted, that " in sections three, four, six, and seven. Section three, the word "that " before " if the next." The words "and be it enacted" in sections five and nine. Section six, the word "that " where it secondly occurs. Section eight, the words "And be it declared and enacted, that."

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 73. An Act for better enabling Her Majesty to confer certain Powers and Immunities on trading and other Companies. In part; namely, — Preamble, from "And whereas by an Act passed in the sixth " to end of the preamble. The words " And be it enacted, that " and " And be it also enacted, that" wherever they occur (except in sections thirty and thirty-one), and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. The words " and be it enacted " in sections thirty and thirty-one.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 77. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to assimilate " and ends with the words *' Punishment of Death." In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that" in sections three, four, and five. The words " and bo it enacted " in sections six and seven. Section nine.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 82. An Act the title of which begins with the words ‘ An Act to amend " and ends with the words "the said County." In part; namely, — Section two, to " enacted, that."

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 83. An Act tho title of which begins with the words "An Act to compel " and ends with the words "of Parliament." In part; namely, — The words " And be it further enacted, that " in sections two and three.

7 WM. 4. & 1 Vict. c 84. An Act to abolish the punishment of death in cases of Forgery. In part; namely, — Preamble, from ‘ And whereas by another Act passed in the said second " to " said lastly hereinbefore recited Act." r

492 Ch. 57. Statute Law Revision 2) Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Reign and Chapter.; Title.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 84. — cant. Section two, the words "from and after the commencement of this Act "; and the words "from " and after the passing of this Act." Section three, the words "And be it enacted, that" Section four, to " enacted, that "; and from " and for " to the end of the section.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 88. An Act to amend certain Acts relating to the Crime of Piracy. In part; namely, — Preamble, from "for the further preventing" to " exporters of wool, and." Section two, to " this Act." Section three, to "this Act." The words " And be it enacted, that " in sections four and five. Section six, the words "And be it further enacted, that, " and from "and for" to the end of the section.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 91. An Act for abolishing the Punishment of Death in certain Cases. In part; namely, — Section two, the words "And be it enacted, that." Section three, the words "And be it further enacted that "; and from " and for " to " Britain."

1 & 2 Vict. c. 2. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the Support " and ends with the words "and Ireland." In part; namely, — The words "And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur, except in section nine. Section three, the word "that" before "the said revenue." Section nine, the words "and be it enacted." Section twelve, the word "that " before " the same rights."

[Preamble.]

1 & 2 Vict. c. 14. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to repeal " and ends with the words "of such Persons." In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that" in sections four and five.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 20. \ An Act for the Consolidation of the Offices of First Fruits, Tenths, and Queen Anne’s Bounty. In part; namely, — Preamble, from " And whereas His Majesty King Charles " to " letters patent is mentioned "; from " And whereas under and by virtue of the several Acts" to "and elevenpence"; and from " the said office of remembrancer " to " abolished, and that." The words "And be it enacted, that" wherever they occur, except in sections four and twenty-four, and the word "that" wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed.

1888.

Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. Ch. 57.

493

Reign and Chapter. Title.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 20. — cont. The words "and be it enacted" in sections fonr and twenty four. Section one. Section two, from " on or before " to " this Act." Section three, to " this Act " where those words first occur. Section fonr, from "from and after" to "after the passing of this Act." Section five, to " this Act " where those words first occur. Section six, to "this Act " where those words first occur.

1 <fc 2 Vict. c. 23. An Act to amend the Law for providing fit Houses for the beneficed Clergy. In part; namely, — The words " And be it further enacted, that " and " And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur.

1 <fc 2 Vict. c. 27. An Act to make etTectual Provision for the Prevention of Offences by Insane Persons in Ireland. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 28. An Act the title of which begins with the words An Act to repeal " and ends with the words "called Ireland." In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " in sections two to twelve, fifteen to eighteen, twenty to twenty-three, twenty-five, and twenty-six. The words " and be it enacted " in sections thirteen, fourteen, nineteen, twenty-four, and twenty-seven. Section thirty.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 30. An Act for continuing the Bishoprick of Sodor and Man. In p8rt; namely, — The words " and be it further enacted, " in sections two and three.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 37. An Act to empower the Foreman or any other Member of Grand Juries in Ireland to administer Oaths to Witnesses on Bills of Indictment. In part; namely, — Section two, the words "And be it enacted, that."

1 & 2 Vict. c. 45. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to extend " and ends with the words "Absence of the Judges."

1 & 2 Vict. c. 49. I An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to transfer’’and ends with the words "Terms of Years." 1 In part; namely, — The whole Act except sections eleven to fourteen. The words And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur in sections eleven to fourteen.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 51. ! An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Levy of Grand Jury Cess in the County of the City of Dublin. In part; namely, — The words "And be it enacted, that" wherever they occur.

494 Ch. 57. Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 53. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the words "the same." In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " in sections two and three.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 56. An Act for the more effectual relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur (except in sections thirty, thirty-six, thirty-nine, seventy-six, ninety, and one hundred and ten), and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. The words " and be it enacted " in sections thirty, thirty-six, thirty-nine, seventy-six, ninety, and one hundred and ten. The words " And be it enacted and declared, that" in sections fifty-two and sixty-three. The words " And be it declared and enacted, that" in sections fifty-three and eighty.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 58. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to vest " and ends with the words "Land Tax." In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " in sections three and four.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 64. An Act to facilitate the Merger of Tithes in Land. In part; namely, — Ine words "And be it enacted, that" wherever they occur.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 67. An Act for the better Government of Prisons in the West Indies. In part; namely, — The words "And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's dominions.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 70. Aji Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to extend " and ends with the words "Heirs of Entail." In part; namely, — Section two, the words "and be it enacted." Section three, to " enacted, that."

1 & 2 Vict. c. 74. An Act to facilitate the Recovery of Possession of Tenements after due Determination of the Tenancy. In part; namely, — The words "And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur, and the word "that" wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 75. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the words "and Turpentine." In part; namely, — Section four.

1888.

Statute Law Revision (No. 2), 1888. Ch. 57.

495

Reign and Chapter. Title.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 80. An Act for the Payment of Constables for keeping the Peace near Public Works. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " in sections two and three.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 82. An Act for establishing a Prison for young Offenders. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 86. An Act to diminish Delay and Expense in Advocations and Suspensions in the Court of Session in Scotland. In part; namely, — The words ".And be it enacted, that" wherever they occur. Section eleven.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 89. An Act respecting the transfer of certain Funds to the Secretary at War and the Paymaster General. In part; namely, — Section three, to "enacted, that."

1 A2 Vict. c. 94. An Act for keeping safely the Public Records. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur. Section eight, the word "that " before " the said" and before " from and."

1 & 2 Vict. c. 95. An Act to provide for the Payment of certain Pensions. In part; namely, — Section two, to "enacted that."

1 & 2 Vict. c. 96. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend" and ends with the words "against the Companies." In part; namely, — Title from " until the" to " Parliament." The words " And be it enacted, that " in sections two to four.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 98. An Act to provide for the Conveyance of the Mails by Railways. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur, except in section fourteen, and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. Section fourteen, the words "and be it enacted."

1 & 2 Vict. c. 106. An Act to abridge the holding of Benefices in Plurality, and to make better Provision for the Residence of the

\ Clergy. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted that " and " And be it further enacted that " wherever they occur (except in sections six, eighteen to twenty, thirty, forty-one, sixty, sixty-three, one hundred and one, and one hundred and thirteen), and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. The words " and be it enacted " and " and be it further enacted" wherever they occur in sections six, eighteen to twenty, thirty, forty-one, sixty, sixty-three, one hundred and one, and one hundred and thirteen.

496

Ch. 57. Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. 51 & 52 VICT.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 107. An Act to amend and render more effectual the Church Building Acts. In part; namely, — The words " And be it further enacted, that, " and " And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur, and the word "that " before " the patronage " in section ten, and before " the person " in section seventeen.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 109. An Act to abolish Compositions for Tithes in Ireland, and to substitute Rent-charges in lieu thereof. In part; namely, — The words'"And be it enacted, that" wherever they occur, except in sections twenty, twenty-one, thirty, and thirty-one, and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. The words " and be it enacted " in sections twenty, twenty.one, thirty, and thirty-one.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 110. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for abolishing " and ends with the words "in England." In part; namely, — Title, from " for abolishing " to "certain Cases; " and from " and for " to end of the title. The words " And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur. Section thirteen, the word that " before " every judgment." Section nineteen, the words "and be it further enacted."

1 & 2 Vict. c. 114. An Act to amend the Law of Scotland in Matters relating to Personal Diligence, Arrestments, and Poindings. In part; namely, — The words "And be it enacted, that*’ wherever they occur, except in section thirty-five. Section one, from " from and after " to " thirty-eight." Section nine, to " December." Section sixteen, to " December." Section eighteen, to " December." Section nineteen, to "December." Section twenty, to " December." Section twenty-one, to " December." Section twenty-three, to " December." Section thirty-two, the word "that" before "excepting." Section thirty-five, the words "and be it enacted."

1 & 2 Vict. c. 116. An Act to facilitate Advances out of County Monies for the Support of County Gaols and Institutions in Ireland. In part; namely, — Section two, to " enacted, that.* ’

1 & 2 Vict. c. 118. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to make " and ends with the words "those Courts." In part; namely, — The words "And be it enacted, that" wherever they occur, and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words y so repealed.

1888.

Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. Ch. 57.

* 97

Reign and Chapter. I Title.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 119.1 An Act to regulate the Constitution, Jurisdiction, and Forms of Frocess of Sheriff Courts in Scotland. In part; namely, — The words "And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur. Section thirteen, to " enacted, that." Section thirty-five.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 120. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the Abolition " and ends with the words "on Tin." Iu part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that" in sections three and four. Section five, the words "And be it enacted."

2 & 3 Vict. c. 1. - An Act to amend an Act of the First and Second Tear of Her present Majesty for the more effectual Belief of the destitute Poor in Ireland. In part; namely, — The words "And be it enacted, that" wherever they occur. Section eight, to " declared that."

2 & 3 Vict. c. 3. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to authorize" and ends with the words "other Purposes." In part; namely, — Section five, to " enacted that " and the word "that " beforo " by the expression."

2 & 3 Vict. c. 11. An Act for the better Protection of Purchasers against Judgments, Crown Debts, Lis pendens, and Fiats in Bankruptcy. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " in sections three, four, seven to nine, and fourteen. The words "and be it enacted" in sections five, six, and eleven.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 33. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to indemnify " and ends with the words "in certain Cases, " In part; namely, — The title from "to indemnify" to "and forty: and." Section nine, the words "and be it enacted."

2 & 3 Vict. c. 36. An Act to regulate the Duties to be performed by the Judges in the Supreme Courts of Scotland, and to increase the Salaries of certain of the said Judges. In part; namely, — The words "And be it enacted that" wherever they occur. Section fifteen.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 45. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth relating to Highways. In part; namely, — Section two, to " enacted that."

498

Ch. 57. Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 47. An Act for further improving the Police in and near the Metropolis. In part; namely, — The words "And be it enacted that" wherever they occur (except in sections forty and seventy-four), and the word "that" wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. Section twelve, to " paasing of this Act." The words "and be it enacted" in sections forty and seventy-four. Section forty-one, to " passing of this Act." Section fifty, to "passing of this Act."

2 & 3 Vict. c. 49. An Act to make better Provision for the Assignment of Ecclesiastical Districts to Churches or Chapels augmented by the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne; and for other Purposes. In part; namely, — The words " And be it further enacted that " and " And be it enacted that" wherever they occur (except in section five), and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. Section three, to " enacted that." Section five, the words "and be it further enacted."

2 & 3 Vict. c. 50. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to extend " and ends with the words "Parochial Assessments." In part; namely, — The words "And be it enacted that" wherever they occur (except in section nine), and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. Section nine, the words "and be it enacted." Section eighteen, to " enacted, " and the word "that " before " the chief or under secretary."

2 & 3 Vict. c. 51. An Act to regulate the Payment and Assignment in certain Gases of Pensions granted for Service in Her Majesty's Army, Navy, Royal Marines, and Ordnance. In part; namely, — The words "And be it enacted that " wherever they occur.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 56. An Act for the better ordering of Prisons. In part; namely, — Section twenty-two, to ‘ enacted that." Section twenty-three, to " enacted that."

2 & 3 Vict. c. 58. 1 An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to make " and ends with the words "County of Cornwall." In part; namely, — The title, from "and for the Prevention" to end of the title. Section six, to "enacted that" and the word "that" wherever it occurs.

1888.

Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. Ch. 57.

499

Reign and Chapter, f Title.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 60. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to explain" and ends with tho words "Real Estate." In part; namely, — Section two, to " enacted that."

2 & 3 Vict. c. 62. An Act to explain and amend tho Acts for tho Comma* tation of Tithes in England and Wales. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted that " wherever they occur. Section six, to " enacted that." Section fifteen, to " enacted that." Section sixteen, to " enacted that." Section twenty-nine, the words "and be it enacted." Section thirty-three, to "declared that" and the word "that " wherever it occurs. Section thirty-seven, the word "that" before "in the construction."

2 & 3 Vict. c. 69. An Act to authorise the Purchase or building of Lodgings for the Judges of Assize on their Circnits. In part; namely, — Section two, to " enacted that."

2 & 3 Vict. c. 71. An Act for regulating the Police Courts in the Metropolis. In part; namely, — The words "And be it enacted that " wherever they occur, except in section fifty-six. Section forty-three, the word "that " before " if any such." Section fifty, the word "that " before " every such witness." Section fifty-six, the words "and be it enacted." Schedule B.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 74. An Act the title of which begins with the words ‘ An Act to extend " and ends with the words "Oaths in Ireland."

2 & 3 Vict. c. 75. An Act for the better Regulation of the Constabulary Force in Ireland. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted that " wherever they occur (except in sections four and eight), and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. The words "and be it enacted" in sections four and eight. Section eleven, to " passing of this Act."

2 & 3 Vict. c. 78. An Act to make further Provisions relating to the Police in the District of Dublin Metropolis. In part; namely, — Preamble, from " And whereas " to the end of the preamble. Section thirteen, the words "and be it enacted." Section fifteen, to " enacted that." Section sixteen, to " enacted that."

2 & 3 Vict. c. 82. An Act for the better Administration of Justice in detached Parts of Counties. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted that " wherever they occur. Ii 2

500

Ch. 57. Statute Law Rev ision (No. 2) Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. I Title.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 84. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Assessment and Collection of Rates for the Relief of the Poor. In part; namely, — Section two, to " enacted that, " and the word "that " before " every person." Section three, the words "and be it enacted."

2 & 3 Vict. c. 93. An Act for the Establishment of County and District Constables by the Authority of Justices of the Peace. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted that " wherever they occur (except in section twenty-four), and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. Section twenty-four, the words "and be it enacted.’ *

3 & 4 Vict. c. 9. An Act to give summary Protection to Persons employed in the Publication of Parliamentary Papers. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted that *’ in sections two and three. Section four, the words "and it is hereby expressly declared and enacted."

3 & 4 Vict. c. 15. An Act further to explain and amend the Acts for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales. In part; namely, — The words ‘' And be it enacted that, " and '* And be it declared and enacted that " wherever they occur. Section twenty-foar, the word that " before " in all cases."

3 & 4 Vict. c. 17. An Act for granting to Her Majesty Duties of Customs, Excise, and Assessed Taxes. In part; namely, — Section six, to " enacted that."

3 & 4 Vict. c. 18. An Act to discontinue the Excise Survey on Tobacco and to provide other Regulations in lieu thereof. In part; namely, — The words ‘‘And be it enacted that" wherever they occur.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 20. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the words "other Purposes." In part; namely, — The words And be it further enacted that ’* wherever they occur.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 31. An Act to extend the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts relating to the Inclosure of Open and Arable Fields in England and Wales. In part; namely, — The words ‘‘And be it enacted that" wherever they occur.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 35. An Act to reunite the Provinces of Upper and Lower Canada and for the Government of Canada. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur. Section twenty-eight, the word "that " before " every candidate." Repealed as to all Her Majesty's dominions.

1888.

Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888,

Ch. 57.

501

Iieign and Chapter. Title.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 39. An Act to authorise Trustees or Commissioners of Turnpike Roads to appoint Meetings for executing their Trusts in certain Cases. In part; namely, — Section two, to " enacted that."

3 & 4 Vict. c. 44. An Act to amend an Act of the Sovcnth Year of King George the Fourth for consolidating and amending the Laws relating to Prisons in Ireland. In part; namely, — Section two. The words "And bo it enacted, that " wherever they occur. Section four, to " enacted that."

3 & 4 Vict. c. 48. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to enable" and ends with the words "Masters thereof." In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " wherover they occur, except in section two. Section two, the words "and be it enacted."

3 & 4 Vict. c. 50. An Act to provide for keeping the Peace on Canals and Navigable Rivers. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted that " wherever they occur, except in section thirteen. Section thirteen, the words "and be it enacted." Section nineteen, the word "that " before " every such witness."

[Preamble.]

3 & 4 Vict. c. 56. An Act further to regulate the Trade of Ships built and trading within the Limits of the East India Company’s Charter. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's dominions.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 59. An Act for the Amendment of tho Law of Evidence in Scotland. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur. Section four, to " enacted that."

3 & 4 Vict. c. 60. An Act to further amend the Church Building Acts. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted that " and " And be it further enacted that" wherever they occur, except in section three. Section three, the words '* and be it enacted."

3 & 4 Vict. c. 61. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the general Sale of Beer and Cider by Retail in England In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " whenever they occur, except in sections eighteen and twenty-two. The words "and be it enacted " in sections eighteen and twenty-two.

502

Ch. 57. Statute Law Revision (1Y0. 2), 1888, 51 & 52 Vict,

Reign and Chapter.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 61. ! — cant.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 62.

3 & -1 Vict. c. 65.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 72.

3 & 4 Vict. c.

3 & 4 Vict c. 77.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 78.

Title.

Section twenty, the word "that " before so much of."

Section twenty-one, from and also that " to the end of the section.

An Act the title of which begins with the words 4 An Act to continue " and ends with the words 4 4 relating thereto."

In part; namely, —

The title, from to continuo " to Parliament and."

Section three, to "enacted that" and the word "that" before "every such" and before "it shall be lawful " and before " in the making."

An Act to improve the Practice and extend the Jurisdiction of the High Court of Admiralty in England.

In part; namely, —

The words ‘‘And be it enacted that" wherever they occur, except in section twenty-three. Section three, to " passing of this Act."

Section eight, the word that " before such commissioner."

Section nine, the word that" before every person."

Section twenty-three, the words and be it enacted."

An Act to provide for the Solemnization of Marriages in the Districts in or near which the Parties reside.

In part; namely, —

The words " And be it enacted that " wherever they occur, except in section five.

Section five, the words "and be it enacted."

An Act for the better Protection of the Oyster Fisheries in Scotland.

In part; namely, —

Section two, to enacted that."

The words 4 4 and be it enacted " in sections three and four.

An Act for improving the Condition and extending the Benefits of Grammar Schools.

In part; namely, —

The words " and bo it enacted " in sections two to eight, ten, twelve, eighteen, twenty, and twenty-four.

The words " And be it enacted that " in sections nine, eleven, fourteen to sixteen, twenty-two, twenty-three, and twenty-five.

Section twenty-five, the word "that" wherever it occurs.

An Act to provide I’or the Sale of the Clergy Reserves in the Province of Canada and for the Distribution of the Proceeds thereof.

In part; namely, —

The words "And be it enacted that" wherever they occur.

Section nine, the word that " wherever it occurs.

Repealed as to all Her Majesty's dominions.

1868.

Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. Ch. 57

503

Reign and Chapter. Title.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 82. 1 An Act for further amending the Act for abolishing Arrest on Mesne Process in Civil Actions. In part; namely, — Section one, the words "or the accountant-general " of the Court of Exchequer" occurring twice, and the words "or the Court of Exchequer respectively."

3 & 4 Vict. c. 84. An Act for better defining the Powers of Justices within the Metropolitan Police District. In part; namely, — The words "And be it enacted that" wherever they occur. Section eight, to " enacted that." Section ten, to "passing of this Act." Section thirteen, to " passing of this Act" and tho word " that " before " in every case."

[Preamble.]

3 & 4 Vict. c. 85. An Act for the Regulation of Chimney Sweepers and Chimneys. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted that" wherever they occur. Section three, the word "that" beforo "every indenture." Section eight, the word "that " beforo " in default."

3 & 4 Vict. c. 88. An Act for better enforcing Church Discipline. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted that " wherever they occur (except in sections thirteen and nineteen), and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. Section ten, to " enacted that." The words " and be it enacted " in sections thirteen and nineteen. Section twenty-one, to " enacted that."

3 & 4 Vict. c. 88. An Act to amend the Act for tho Establishment of County and District Constables. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted that " wherever they occur. Section six, the word "that " before " tho person." Section twenty-two, ' the word "that " beforo " nothing herein."

5 & 4 Vict. c. 89. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to exempt " and ends with the words "Relief of the Poor." In part; namely, — Title from " until " to " forty-one."

3 & 4 Vict. c. 90. An Act for the Care and Education of Infants who may be convicted of Felony. In part; namely, — The words "And be it enacted, that" in sections two and three.

504

Ch. 57. Statute Law Meviaion (No. 2) Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

I 3 &'4 Vict. c. 90. — cent. Section three, the word "that " before " upon the making." Section four, the words "and be it further enacted."

3 & 4 Vict. c. 91. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An " Act for the more effectual Prevention " and ends with the words "Session of Parliament." In part; namely, — The title, from " for One Year " to end of the title. The words " And be it enacted, that" wherever they occur, except in section fifteen. Section fifteen, the words "and be it enacted." Section thirty-four.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 92. An Act for enabling Courts of Justice to admit Non-parochial Registers as Evidence of Births or Baptisms, Deaths or Burials, and Marriages. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 93. An Act to amend the Act for the better Regulation of Ecclesiastical Courts in England. In part; namely, — Section two, to " enacted that."

3 & 4 Vict. c. 96. An Act for the Regulation of the Duties of Postage. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur, and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 97. An Act for regulating Railways. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur, except in section fourteen. Section fourteen, the words "and be it enacted.’ *

3 & 4 Vict. c. 102. An Act to amend the Law relating to Court Houses in Ireland. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur. Section six, the word "that" before " whenever in this Act."

3 & 4 Vict. c. 105. An Act the title of which begins with the words An Act for abolishing Arrest " and ends with the words "in Ireland." In part; namely, — The title from " for abolishing " to " Cases; " The words " And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur (except in sections twenty-eight and thirty-four), and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. The words "and be it enacted" in sections twenty-eight and thirty-four. Sections one to five. Sections nine to cloven, i Section thirteen, to " and forty."

1888.

Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. Ch. 57.

505

Reign and Chapter. j Title.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 105. — cant. Section thirty-five, to " enacted, " and the word "that " before " in all such cases." Section thirty-six, from " or of the Act " to the end of the section. Section forty-two. Section forty-live, to " and forty-one." Section sixty. Section sixty-seven, to "enacted." Section seventy-six. Section eighty. Schedule A.

3 <fe 4 Vict. c. 108. An Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in Ireland. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur (except in sections twenty-two, thirty-one, ninety-four, one hundred and four, one hundred and thirty-two, one hundred and forty-two, one hundred and sixty-seven, one hundred and sixty-nine, and two hundred and sixteen), and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. The words, " and be it enacted " in sections twenty-two, thirty-one, ninety-four, ono hundred and four, one hundred and thirty-two, one hundred and forty-two, one hundred and Sixty-seven, one hundred and sixty-nine, and two hundred and sixteen. Section three, to " passing of this Act." Section five, to " passing of this Act." Section thirteen, to " passing of this Act." Section thirty-seven, to " passing of this Act." Section fifty-one, to " passing of this Act." Section fifty-two, to " passing of this Act." Section fifty-three, to " passing of this Act." Section one hundred and fifty-two, to " passing of this Act."

3 & 4 Vict. c. 109. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to annex " and ends with the words "Property in Ireland." | In part; namely, — 1 The title, from "to make" to "Boroughs, " and j from " and to continue " to end of tho title. ' The words " And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur. Section eight.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 110. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Loan Societies. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " and " And be it declared and enacted, that " wherever they occur, and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words to repealed.

T

506

Ch. 57. Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Reign and Chapter.! Title.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 111. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An

3 & 4 Vict. c. 113. Act to continue " and ends with the words "the Companies." In part; namely, — The title, from " to continue " to '* forty-two and." Section two, the words "hereby continued." An Act to carry into effect, with certain Modifications, the Fourth Report of the Commissioners of Ecclesiastical Duties and Revenues. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur (exedpt in sections fifteen, sixteen, fifty-two, fifty-three, and seventy-five), and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. The words " and be it enacted " in sections fifteen, sixteen, fifty-two, fifty-three, and seventy-five. Section twenty-two, to " enacted, " and the words "that after the passing of this Act." Section seventy-three, to " enacted, " and the word "that " before " arrangements." Section seventy-six, to " enacted that."

4 & 5 Vict. c. 10. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for extending " and ends with the words "of Houses."

•1 & 5 Vict. c. 20. An Act to alter and amend certain Laws relating to the Collection and Management of the Duties of Excise. In part; namely, — The words "And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur, except in section seventeen. The words " and bo it enacted, " in section seventeen. Section twenty-one.

[Preamble.]

4 & 5 Vict. c. 22. An Act to remove Doubts as to the Liability of Lords and Peers of Parliament to Punishment in certain Cases of Felony. In part; namely, —

4 & 5 Vict. c. 30. An Act to authorise and facilitate tho Completion of a Survey of Great Britain, Berwick-upon-Tweed, and the Isle of Man. In part; namely, — The words "And be it enacted, that" wherever they occur. Section twelve, the word "that " before " all right." Section fifteen, the word "that " wherever it occurs.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 33. An Act to amend the Acts for regulating Turnpike Roads in England, so far as they relate to certain Exemptions from Toll. In part; namely, — Section two, to " enacted that, " and the word "that " before "the said." Section three, to " enacted that."

1888.

Statute Law Revision (No. 2), 1888,

Ch. 57,

507

Reign and Chapter. 1 Title.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 35. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for tho " and ends with the words "such Tenure." In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur (except in sections twenty-two, forty, forty-six, seventy-four, seventy-six, and ninety-one), and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. The words " and be it enacted " in sections twenty-two, forty, forty-six, seventy-four, seventy-six, and ninety-one. Section seventy-five, the words "and be it farther enacted." Section eighty, from " and it " to " declared." Section ninety-nine, to " enacted that."

4 & 5 Vict. c. 36. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the words "certain Amount." Except as to tithes, oblations, compositions or other dues or demands which have not been commuted, or are otherwise still payable.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 38. | j An Act to afford further Facilities for the Conveyance and Endowment of Sites for Schools. ' In part; namely, — The words "And be it enacted, that" wherever 1 they occur.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 39. J An Act to explain and amend Two several Acts relating I to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England. I In part; namely, — | The word8"And be it enacted that" and "And 1 be it declared and enacted, that " wherovor they occur, and the word "that" wherever it occurs j with reference to the introductory words so repealed.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 45. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the words "relating to Sewers." In part; namely, — The words ‘ ‘ And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur, except in section eighteen. Section twelve, to " declared that " and the word J " that " wherever it occurs. 1 Section eighteen, the words "and be it enacted."

4 & 5 Vict. c. 49. | An Act to provide for repairing, improving, and rebuilding County Bridges. In part; namely, — The words "And be it enacted, that" in sections two and four. The words " and bo it enacted " in section three.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 56. An Act for taking away the Punishment of Death in certain Cases, and substituting other Punishments in lieu thereof. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " in sections four and five. Section five, from " and for " to " Britain." Section six.

508

Ch. 57. Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. J Title.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 59. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to authorize " and ends with the words "certain Cases." In part; namely, — Title, from " for One Year" to " Parliament." The words " And be it enacted, that " in sections two, four, and five. Section three, the words "and be it enacted."

5 Vict. c. 1. An Act the titlo of which begins with the words "An Act to authorize " and ends with the words "Customary Tenure." In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " in sections six and seven.

5 Vict. c. 5. An Act to make further Provisions for the Administration of Justice. In part; namely, — Section four, to " forty-one." Section sixty-four, to " enacted, that "; and from " the expression " where those words first occur, to "Majesty; and." Section sixty-five, to "declared, that." The words " And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur, and the word "that" wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed.

5 Vict. c. 6. An Act the title of which begins with tho words " An Act to amend" and ends with the words "His Majesty's Dominions." In part; namely, — Section two, to " enacted, that." Section five, the words "and be it further enacted."

5 & 6 Vict. c. 7. An Act to explain the Acts for the better Regulation of certain Apprentices. The whole Act except so far as it relates to the Act of the thirty-second year of King George the Third, chapter fifty-seven, so far as that Act is in force.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 18. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to explain" and ends with the words "of Parishes." In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " in sections three, five, six, and nine. Section eight, the words "and be it enacted."

5 & 6 Vict. c. 22. An Act for consolidating the Queen’s Bench, Fleet, and Marshalsea Prisons and for regulating the Queen’s Prison. In part; namely, — The whole Act, except section five, from " as soon " to the end of the section.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 24. An Act for improving the Dublin Police. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur, except in sections thirty-seven, forty, 1 and seventy-eight.

1888.

Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. Ch. 57.

509

Reign and Chapter. Title.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 24. — cant. The word "that" in section nineteen before "it shall be, " and in section seventy-nine before " any word." The words "and be it enacted" in sections thirty* seven, forty, and seventy-eight.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 26. An Act to alter and amend the Law relating to Ecclesiastical Houses of Residence. In part; namely, — Section two, the words "and be it enacted." The words "And be it enacted, that " and " And be it declared and enacted, that " whorever they occur, except in section two, and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 27. An Act for better enabling Incumbents of Ecclesiastical Benefices to demise the Lands belonging to their Benefices on Farming Leases. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted that " wherever they occur.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 28. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to assimilate" and ends with the words "lieu thereof." Iu part; namely, — Section seven, from " that if any " where those words first occur to "farther enacted" where those words secondly occur. Sections nine, ten, and eleven. The words " And be it enacted, that " in sections Sixteen to nineteen, and twenty-one.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 29. An Act for establishing a Prison at Pcntonville. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that" and " And be it declared and enacted, that " wherever they occur.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 32. An Act for the better recording Fines and Recoveries in Wales and Cheshire. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " in sections two, three, and four. Section five, to "enacted that."

5 AC Vict. c. 35. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for granting " and ends with the words "forty-five." In part; namely, — Title, from " until " to end of title. The words "And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur (except in sections six, fourteen, fifteen, seventeen, twenty-one, forty-two, forty-eight, fifty-six, sixty-five, seventy-three, eighty-two, ninety-five, ninety-eight, one hundred and one, one hundred and five, one hundred and twelve, one hundred and twenty-nine to one hundred and thirty.one, one hundred and forty-nine, one hundred and fifty-one, one hundred and fifty-six, one hundred and fifty-eight, one hundred and sixty-three, one hundred and sixty-

510

Ch. 57. Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 35. — cont. i five, one hundred and sixty-nine, and one hundred and eighty-four), and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. The words " and be it enacted " in sections six, fourteen, fiiteen, seventeen, twenty-one, forty-two, forty-eight, fifty-six, sixty-five, seventy-three, eighty-two, ninety-five, ninety-eight, one hundred and one, one hundred and five, one hundred and twelve, one hundred and twenty nine to one hundred and thirty-one, one hundred and forty-nine, one hundred and fifty-one, one hundred and fifty-six, one hundred and fifty-eight, one hundred and sixty-three, one hundred and sixty-five, one hundred and sixty-nine, and one hundred and eighty-four.

[Preamble.]

5 & 6 Vict. c. 37. 1 ' An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to continue " and ends with the words "Assessed Taxes." In part; namely, — Title, from " to continue "to " Taxes; and." The words " And be it enacted, that" in sections four and six. Section five, the words "and be it enacted."

5 & 6 Vict. c. 38.’An Act to define the Jurisdiction of Justices in General and Quarter Sessions of the Peace. In part; namely, — The words ‘ And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 39. | t:An Act to amend the Law relating to Advances bona fide made to Agents intrusted with goods. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that" in sections two, four, and eight. The words " and be it enacted " in sections three, and five to seven. Section eight, the word "that " before " words in."

5 & 6 Vict. c. 44. ! An Act for the Transfer of Licences and Regulation of Public Houses. Inpart; namely, — The words And be it enacted, that " in sections t two, three, and five. Section six, to enacted that."

5 & 6 Vict. c. 45. ! i An Act to amend the Law of Copyright.; In part; namely, — j The words " And be it enacted, that " wherever ! they occur (except in sections nine, twenty-seven, and twenty-eight), and the word that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. The words and be it enacted" in sections nine, twenty-seven, and twenty-eight. Section thirteen, to44 passing of this Act." Section sixteen, to this Act." Section seventeen, to passing of this Act."

1888. Statute Law Revision (No. 2), 1888. Ch. 57.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

[Preamble.]

5 & 6 Vict. c. 46. An Act to amend an Act of the Third and Fourth Years of Her present Majesty for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in Ireland. In part; namely, — Section five, the words "And be it enacted, that " and the word "that " before " in describing."

5 & 6 Vict. c. 47. An Act to amend the Laws rolating to the Customs. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " in sections fifty-nine and sixty, and in section fifty-nine the word "that" before "no gold" and before "every goldsmith." Section sixty-two.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 51. An Act for providing for the further Security and Protection of Her Majesty's Person. In part; namely, — Section two, to " of this Act." Section three, the words "and be it enacted."

5 & 6 Vict. c. 54. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the words "to be limited." In part; namely, — Title, from " and to continue " to end of title. The words "And be it enacted, that" wherever they occur. Section twenty, the word "that " wherever it occurs.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 55. An Act for the better Regulation of Railway's and for the Conveyance of Troops. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 57. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An 1 Act to continue " and ends with the words "in England." In part; namely, — Title, from " to continue " to " Commission; and." The words " And be it enacted, that " and "And be it declared and enacted, that " wherever they occur, and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 61. An Act to provide for the better Government of South Australia. In part; namely, — The words "And be it enacted, that" wherever they occur. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's dominions.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 68. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend" and ends with tho words "their Wages." In part; namely, — Title, from " and continue " to " Parliament."

5 & 6 Vict. c. 69. An Act for perpetuating Testimony in certain Cases. In part; namely, — Section two, to "enacted, that" and the word "that" before "in all."

512

Cff. 57. Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. I Title.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 74. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the words "of Dublin.* In part; namely, — ! The words " And be it enacted, that " in sections i four, six, and seven. Section five, the words "and be it enacted.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 75. An Act to remove Doubts touching the Law relating to Charitable Pawn or Deposit Offices in Ireland. In part; namely, — The words "And be it enacted, that" in sections two and five. The words " and be it enacted" in sections three and four. Section six.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 76. An Act for the Government of New South Wales and Van Dieman’s Land. In part; namely, — The words "And be it enacted, that" and "And "be it declared and enacted, that" wherever they occur, except in section forty-three, and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. Section forty-three, the words "and be it enacted.’* Repealed as to all Her Majesty's dominions.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 79. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to repeal" and ends with the words "Stamp Duties." In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur, except in section five, and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. Section five, the words "and be it enacted."

[Preamble.]

5 & 6 Vict. c. 81. An Act to transfer the Collection and Management of the Duties on Certificates to kill Game in Ireland to the Commissioners of Excise. In part; namely, — Section one. Section two, the words "as aforesaid." Section three, the words "as aforesaid." The words "And be it enacted, that" wherever they occur.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 82. i An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to assimilate " and ends with the words "forty-five." In pavt; namely, — The title from ‘ ‘ until " to the end of the title. Preamble, from " and for that purpose " to " public revenue." Section one. The words "And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur, and the word "that wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. Section two, from " in lieu " where those words first occur to " repealed." Section six, to " repealed."

1888.

Statute Law Revision (No. 2) , 1888. Ch. 57.

513

Reign and Chapter. Title.

[Preamble.]

5 & 6 Vict. c. 86. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for abolishing " and ends with the words "that Court." In part; namely, — Section nine, the words "And be it enacted, that."

o & 6 Vict. c. 89. An Act to promote the Drainage of Lands, and Improve* ment of Navigation and Water Power in connexion with such Drainage, in Ireland. In part; namely, — The words "And be it enacted, that" wherever they occur (except in sections two, twenty-five, thirty-two, fifty-one, seventy-seven, seventy-eight, eighty-one, eighty-five, ninety, one hundred and two, one hundred and twenty-six, one hundred and twenty-eight, one hundred and thirty-one, one hundred and fifty, one hundred and fifty-three to one hundred and fifty-six, one hundred and sixty, and one hundred and sixty-one), and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed. The words " and be it enacted " in sections two, twenty-five, thirty-two, filty-one, seventy-seven, seventy-eight, eighty-one, eighty-five, ninety, one hundred and two, one hundred and twenty-six, one hundred and twenty-eight, one hundred and thirty-one, one hundred and fifty, one hundred and fifty-three to one hundred and fifty-six, one hundred and sixty, and one hundred and sixty-one.

b & 6 Vict. c. 93. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend" and ends with the words "lieu thereof." In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur, except in section two. Section two, the words "and bo it enacted."

[Preamble.]

5 & 6 Vict. c. 94. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to consolidate" and ends with the words "of the Bealm." In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that" in sections five, six, nine, ten, twelve to fourteen, sixteen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty-four to twenty-six, twenty-nine, thirty-one to thirty-four, thirty-six, and thirty-seven. The words " and be it enacted " in sections eight, fifteen, seventeen, twenty to twenty-three, twenty-seven, twenty-eight, thirty, thirty-nine, forty, and forty-one. The word " that " in section thirteen before " the receipt, " in section thirty-four before " in every " and in section thirty-six before " every such."

514

Ch. 57. Statute Law Revision (No. 2) , 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 97. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the words "of Parliament." In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " in sections two and three.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 98. An Act to amend the Laws concerning Prisons. In part; namely, — Sections one and two. Section four. Section eight. Section thirteen. Sections fifteen and sixteen. Sections eighteen to twenty-fire. Section thirty. Section thirty-one, the word "that " before "after." The words " And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur. Schedule.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 103. An Act for abolishing certain offices of the High Court of Chancery in England. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted that" wherever they occur, except in section thirty-six. Section three, from " every one of whom " to the end of the section. Section six, the word "that" where it secondly occurs. Section twenty-eight. Section thirty. Section thirty-four, from "or to deprive" to " been passed " where those words next occur. Section thirty-six, the words "and be it enacted.' *

5 & 6 Vict. c. 104. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to explain " and ends with the words "In Ireland." In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that" in sections two and seven.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 105. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the words "in Rivers." In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur, except in sections ten and eleven. Sections ten and eleven, the words "and be it enacted."

5 & 6 Vict. c. 106. An Act to regulate the Irish Fisheries. In part; namely, — The words *‘ And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur (except in sections twenty-one, twenty-two, fifty-two, fifty-three, fifty-five, fifty-six, sixty-one, sixty-seven, sixty-nine, and ninety-two), and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the introductory words so repealed.

1888.

Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1888. Ch. 57.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 106. — cent. The words " and be it enacted " in sections twenty-one, twenty-two, fifty-two, fifty-three, fifty-five, fifty-six, sixty-one, sixty-seven, sixty-nine, and ninety-two. Section twenty-nine, to " forty-four."

5A6 Vict. c. 108. An Act for enabling Ecclesiastical Corporations, aggregate and sole, to grant Leases for long Terms of Years. In part; namely, — The words "And be it enacted, that" wherever they occur, except in sections nine and fourteen. The word " that " in section four before " in and by " and in section eleven before " upon any." The words "and be it enacted" in sections nine and fourteen.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 109. An Act for the Appointment and Payment of Parish Constables. In part; namely, — The words "And be it enacted, that" wherever they occur.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 113. An Act for Confirmation of certain Marriages in Ireland. In part; namely, — Section two, the words "and be it enacted."

5 & 6 Vict. c. 119. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to enable " and ends with the words "of Pension." In part; namely, — The words ‘4 And be it enacted, that " in sections two and four. Section three, the words "and it is hereby enacted."

5 & 6 Vict. c. 120. An Act for amending the Constitution of the Government of Newfoundland. In part; namely, — The words " And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's dominions.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 123. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for amending " and end* with the words "in Ireland." In part; namely, — Title, from "until" to "Parliament." The words "And be it enacted, that" wherever they occur, except in sections eleven, nineteen, twenty-nine to thirty-one, thirty-eight, and forty-nine. The word "that" in section six before "notice of, " and in section forty-eight before " then the jury." The words 4 4 and be it enacted " in sections eleven, nineteen, twenty-nine to thirty-one, thirty-eight, and forty-nine.

Kk 2

516

Ch. 58, 59.

Continuance of 43 & 44 Vict. c. 42.

Short title, extent, and definition.

Receipt of money by solicitor as agent.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 41.

Employers Liability, 1880, Continuance, 1888.

51 & 52 Vict.

CHAPTER 58.

An Act to continue the Employers Liability Act, 1880.

[24th December 1888.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L The Employers Liability Act, 1880, shall be continued until the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine.

CHAPTER 59.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Duties, Powers, and Liability of Trustees.

[24th December 1888.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by authority of the same, as follows; that is to say,

1. — (I.) This Act may be cited as the Trustee Act, 1888.

(2.) This Act shall not extend to Scotland.

(3.) For the purposes of this Act the expression "trustee " shall b edeemed to include an executor or administrator and a trustee whose trust arises by construction or implication of law as well as an express trustee, but not the official trustee of charitable funds.

(4.) The provisions of this Act relating to a trustee shall apply as well to several joint tnistees as to a sole trustee.

2. — (1.) It shall be lawful for a trustee to appoint a solicitor to be his agent to receive and give a discharge for any money or any valuable consideration or property receivable by such trustee under the trust by permitting such solicitor to have the custody of, and to produce, a deed containing any such receipt as is referred to in the fifty-sixth section of the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act, 1881; and no trustee shall be chargeable with breach of trust by reason only of his having made or concurred in making any such appointment; and the producing of any such deed by such solicitor shall have the same validity and effect, by virtue of the said fifty-sixth section, as the same would have had if the person appointing such solicitor had not been a trustee:Provided that nothing herein contained shall exempt a trustee from any liability which he would have incurred if this Act had not passed in case he permits such money, valuable consideration, or property to remain in the hands or under the control of the solicitor appointed as aforesaid for a period longer than is reasonably necessary to enable such solicitor to pay or transfer the same to the trustee.

(2.) It shall be lawful for a trustee to appoint a banker or solicitor to be his agent to receive and give a discharge for any

1888.

Ch. 59.

517

Trustee Act, 1888.

money payable to such trustee under or by virtue of a policy of assurance by permitting such banker or solicitor to have the custody of and to produce such policy of assurance with a receipt signed by such trustee, and no trustee shall be chargeable with a breach of trust by reason only of his having made or concurred in making any such appointment: Provided that nothing herein contained shall exempt a trustee from any liability which he would have incurred if this Act had not passed, in case he permits such money to remain in the hands or under the control of the banker or solicitor appointed as aforesaid for a period longer than is reasonably necessary to enable such banker or solicitor to pay the same to the trustee.

(3.) This section shall apply only where the money or valuable consideration or property is to be received after the passing of this Act.

3. — (1.) No sale made by a trustee shall be impeached by any Depreciatory cestuique trust upon the ground that any of the conditions, subject ^on8 on to which the sale was made, may have been unnecessarily depre- trustee! ciatory, unless it shall also appear that the consideration for the sale

was thereby rendered inadequate.

(2.) No sale made by a trustee shall, after the execution of the conveyance, be impeached as against the purchaser upon the ground that any of the conditions subject to which the sale was made may have been unnecessarily depreciatory, unless it shall appear that such purchaser was acting in collusion with such trustee at the time when the contract for such sale was made.

(3.) No purchaser, upon any sale made by a trustee, shall be at liberty to make any objection against the title upon the ground aforesaid.

(4.) This section shall apply only to sales made after the passing of this Act.

4. — (1.) No trustee lending money upon the security of any Loans by property shall be chargeable with breach of trust by reason only tru8tees-of the proportion borne by the amount of the loan to the value of

such property at the time when the loan was made, provided that it shall appear to the Court that in making such loan the trustee was acting upon a report as to the value of the property made by a person whom the trustee reasonably believed to be an able practical surveyor or valuer, instructed and employed independently of any owner of the property, whether such surveyor or valuer carried on business in the locality where the property is situate or elsewhere, and that the amount of the loan does not exceed two equal third parts of the value of the property as stated in such report, and that the loan was made under the advice of such surveyor or valuer expressed in such report. And this section shall apply to a loan upon any property of any tenure, whether agricultural or house or other property, on which the trustee can lawfully lend.

(2.) No trustee lending money upon the security of any leasehold property shall be chargeable with breach of trust only upon the ground that in making such loan he dispensed, either wholly

518

Ch. 59. Trustee Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

or partially, with the production or investigation of the lessor’s title.

(3.) No trustee shall be chargeable with breach of trust only upon the ground that, in effecting the purchase of any property, or in lending money upon the security of any property, he shall have accepted a shorter title than the title which a purchaser is, in the absence of a special contract, entitled to require, if in the opinion of the Court the title accepted be such as a person acting with prudence and caution would have accepted.

(4.) This section shall apply to transfers of existing securities as well as to new securities, and to investments made as well before as after the passing of this Act, except where some action or other proceeding shall be pending with reference thereto at the passing of this Act.

Liability for 5. — (1.) Where a trustee shall have improperly advanced trust

lOf-by reason money on a mortgage security which would at the time of the investments, investment have been a proper investment in all respects for a less sum than was actually advanced thereon, the security shall be deemed an authorised investment for such less sum, and the trustee shall only be liable to make good the sum advanced in excess thereof with interest.

(2.) This section shall apply to investments made as well before as after the passing of this Act, except where some action or other proceeding shall be pending with reference thereto at the passing of this Act.

Indemnity for breach of trust.

Trustee may

insure

buildings.

6. — (1.) Where a trustee shall have committed a breach of trust at the instigation or request or with the consent in rwriting of a beneficiary, the court may, if it shall think fit, and notwithstanding that the beneficiary may be a married woman entitled for her separate use, whether with or without a restraint upon anticipation, make such order as to the court shall seem just for impounding all or any part of the interest of the beneficiary in the trust estate by way of indemnity to the trustee or person claiming through him.

(2.) This section shall apply to breaches of trust committed as well before as after the passing of this Act, except where an action or other proceeding shall be pending with reference thereto at the passing of this Act.

7. — (1.) It shall be lawful for, but not obligatory upon, a trustee to insure against loss or damage by fire any building or other insurable property to any amount (including the amount of any insurance already on foot) not exceeding three equal fourth parts of the full value of such building or property, and to pay the premiums for such insurance out of the income thereof or out of the income of any other property, subject to the same trusts, without obtaining the consent of any person who may be entitled wholly or partly to such income.

(2.) This section shall not apply to any building or property which a trustee is bound forthwith to convey absolutely to any cestuique trust upon being requested so to do.

1888.

519

Trustee Act, 1888. Ch. 59.

8. — (1.) In any action or other proceeding against a trustee or Statute of any person claiming through him, except where the claim is founded imitations upon any fraud or fraudulent breach of trust to which the trustee JKjed by was party or privy, or is to recover trust property, or the proceeds trustees, thereof still retained by the trustee, or previously received by the trustee and converted to his use, the following provisions shall apply

(a.) All rights and privileges conferred by any statute of limitations shall be enjoyed in the like manner and to the like extent as they would have been enjoyed in such action or other proceeding if the trustee or person claiming through him had not been a trustee or person claiming through him:

(6.) If the action or other proceeding is brought to recover money or other property, and is one to which no existing statute of limitations applies, the trustee or person claiming through him shall be entitled to the benefit of and be it liberty to plead the lapse of time as a bar to such action or other proceeding in the like manner and to the like extent as if the claim had been against him in an action of debt for money had and received, but so nevertheless that the statute shall run against a married woman entitled in possession for her separate use, whether with or without a restraint upon anticipation, but shall not begin to run against any beneficiary unless and until the interest of such beneficiary shall be an interest in possession.

(2.) No beneficiary, as against whom there would be a good defence by virtue of this section, shall derive any greater or other benefit from a judgment or order obtained by another beneficiary than he could have obtained if he had brought such action or other proceeding and this section had been pleaded.

(3.) This section shall apply only to actions or other proceedings commenced after the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and ninety, and shall not deprive any executor or administrator of any right or defence to which he is entitled under any existing statute of limitations.

9. A power to invest trust money in real securities shall autho- investments on rise and shall be deemed to have always authorised an investment

upon mortgage of property held for an unexpired term of not less ong erms’ than two hundred years and not subject to any reservation of rent greater than one shilling a year, or to any right of redemption, or to any condition for re-entry except for nonpayment of rent.

10. It shall be lawful for any trustee of any leaseholds for lives Trustees of or years which are renewable from time to time, either under any renewable covenant or contract or by custom or usual practice, if he shall in

his discretion think fit, and it shall be the duty of such trustee, if thereunto required by any person having any beneficial interest, present or future or contingent, in such leaseholds, to use his best endeavours to obtain from time to time a renewed lease of the same hereditaments on the accustomed and reasonable terms, and for that purpose it shall be lawful for any such trustee from time to time to make or concur in making such surrender of the lease for the time being subsisting, and to do all such other acts as shall be

520 Cff. 59, 60. T't'u 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

requisite in that behalf; but this section is not to apply to any case where by the terms of the settlement or will the person in possession for his life or other limited interest is entitled to enjoy the same without any obligation to renew the lease or to contribute to the expense of renewing the same, unless the consent in writing of such person is obtained to such renewal on the part of the trustee.

Power to 1L In case any money shall be required for the purpose of

mon<T to meet Payh)g ^or t'he renewfd of any lease as aforesaid, it shall be lawful fine^on renewal for the trustee effecting such renewal to pay the same out of any of lease. money which may then be in his hands in trust for the persons beneficially interested in the lands to be comprised in the renewed lease, and if he shall not have in his hands as aforesaid sufficient money for the purpose, it shall be lawful for the trustee to raise the money required by mortgage of the hereditaments to he contained in the renewed lease, or of any other hereditaments for the time being subject to the subsisting uses or trusts to which the hereditaments comprised in the renewed lease shall be subject; and no mortgagee advancing money upon such mortgage, purporting to be made under this power, shall be bound to see that such money is wanted, or that no more is raised than is wanted for the purpose aforesaid.

Application 12. — (1.) This Act shall apply as well to trusts created by

0 ct' instrument executed before as to trusts created after the passing

of this Act.

(2.) Provided always, that save as in this Act expressly provided, nothing therein contained shall authorise any trustee to do anything which he is in express terms forbidden to do, or to omit to do anything which he is in express terms directed to do, by the instrument or instiuments creating the trust.

CHAPTER 60.

An Act for assigning to Scotland and Ireland respectively certain shares of the Probate Duties; and for providing for the application of such shares.

[24th December 1888.] \\J WHEREAS it has been determined by Parliament to grant in relief of local taxation the following portions of the proceeds of the sums collected in respect of the probate duties; namely,

(a.) During the financial year ending the thirty-first of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine, one-third of the said proceeds; and (b.) During every subsequent financial year, one half of the said proceeds,

(which portions of the said proceeds are in this Act referred to as the probate duty grant):

And whereas four-fifth parts of the probate duty grant are by 51 & 52 Vict. the Local Government Act, 1888, directed to be ascertained in

1888. P'i'obate Duties (Scotland and Ireland) Ch. 60. 521

Act, 1888.

manner provided by regulations prescribed by the Treasury, and to be paid into the Bank of England to the Local Taxation account, and distributed among certain local authorities in relief of local taxation in England:

And whereas it is expedient to provide for the assignment to Scotland and Ireland of their respective shares of the remaining one-fifth part of the probate duty grant, and for the application of such shares in relief of local taxation in Scotland and Ireland respectively:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall from time to Assignment time, in such manner and under such regulations as the Treasury of

from time to time make, pay in every financial year — to gj^t-

(a) to such account as i9 fixed by the regulations (in this Act land and Ire-referred to as the Local Taxation (Scotland) Account) such land *

sum as may be ascertained in manner provided by the said regulations, to be eleven hundredth parts of the probate duty grant; and

(b) to such account as is fixed by the regulations (in this Act referred to as the Local Taxation (Ireland) Account), such sum as may be ascertained in manner provided by the said regulations, to be nine hundredth parts of the probate duty grant.

2. — (1.) All sums paid in respect of the probate duty grant to Distribution

the Local Taxation (Scotland) Account shall be distributed by the in Scotland Secretary for Scotland among the local authorities for Scotland as follows; that is to say:— grant.

(A.) In the financial year ending the thirty-first day of March next after the passing of this Act the same shall be distributed —

(i.) in paying a sum of thirty thousand pounds for the relief of local taxation in the Highlands and Islands of Scotland in such proportions and manner as may be from time to time directed by the Secretary for Scotland;

(ii.) in paying to every road authority who have heretofore received out of moneys provided by Parliament a contribution to the cost of roads, or to the successors of such authority, sums calculated in like manner and according to the like scale and regulations as in the financial year ending the thirty-first day of March next before the passing of this Act; and (iii.) the balance shall be distributed among the parochial boards in Scotland according to the sums certified by the Board of Supervision to have been expended in the twelve months ending on the fourteenth day of May next before the passing of this Act by such parochial boards on costs

522

Distribution in Ireland of share of probate duty grant.

Ch. 60. Probate Duties (Scotland and Ireland) 51 & 52 Vict.

Act, 1888.

of management other than collection, and on pauper lunatics, and on boarded-out children, and on blind and deaf mute children, in such proportion and manner as the Secretary for Scotland may direct; and

(B.) After the thirty-first day of March next after the passing of this Act, the same shall be distributed in manner to be hereafter provided by Parliament.

(2.) All sums so paid to parochial boards shall be applied in aid of the expenses incurred for the relief of the poor, and all sums so paid to any road authority shall be applied in aid of the expenses incurred for the cost of the repair and maintenance of roads.

3. — (1.) All sums paid in respect of the probate duty grant to the Local Taxation (Ireland) Account, shall, until otherwise provided by Parliament, be annually distributed by the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland as follows, that is to say: —

(a.) five thousand pounds shall be paid to the Royal Dublin Society for the improvement of the breed of horses and cattle; and

(6.) of the balance one half shall be distributed among the guardians of the unions in Ireland in proportion to the sums which the Local Government Board for Ireland certify to have been expended by the guardians of each union during the financial year ending the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and eighty-seven on the salaries, remuneration, and superannuation allowances of the officers of the union in connexion with the relief of the poor, or under the provisions of the Act of the session of the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter sixty-five;

(c.) the remaining half of the balance shall be distributed among the road authorities in Ireland in proportion to the sums which the Local Government Board for Ireland certify to have been expended out of any cess or rate by each road authority on roads and bridges during the year ending the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-seven.

(2.) All sums so paid to the guardians of a union shall be applied in aid of the poor rate, and all sums so paid to a road authority shall be applied in aid of the expenses incurred for the costs of the repair and maintenance of roads and bridges.

(3.) The expression "road authority" means any grand jury having for the time being jurisdiction with respect to roads and bridges, and any such municipal corporation or town or other commissioners as have for the time being the like jurisdiction, whether by virtue of being the urban sanitary authority within the meaning of the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, or otherwise.

Provided that where after the passing of this Act jurisdiction respecting roads and bridges shall be transferred from any grand jury or grand juries to any urban sanitary authority under the

1888. Probate Duties (Scotland and Ireland) Ch. 60. 523

Act, 1888.

Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, the distribution as between such grand jury or grand juries and such sanitary authority under this section shall thenceforth be made in the shares in which the Local Government Board for Ireland shall certify that the sum expended by such grand jury or grand juries as aforesaid during the year ending the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-seven, should be apportioned between such grand jury or grand juries and such sanitary authority for the purpose of the said distribution.

4. — (1.) The sums paid or distributed under this Act in Scotland Regulations os and Ireland shall be paid and distributed in such manner and in *°, £*yment of accordance with such regulations as the Secretary for Scotland or the Lord Lieutenant for Ireland, as the case may be, from time to time make.

(2.) Where any proportion or amount is to be certified, or where any question arises as to what costs, salaries, remuneration, allowances, or officers are to be included in ascertaining such proportion or amount, the proportion or amount shall be ascertained and the question determined in such manner as is for the time being directed by the regulations made under this section.

(3.) Where the Secretary for Scotland or the Board of Supervision or the Local Government Board for Ireland give a certificate for the purposes of this Act or the regulations made thereunder, he or they may, if it seem proper, vary such certificate; but unless it is so varied, the certificate shall be conclusive.

(4.) Every authority to whom a sum is payable under this Act shall submit their claim to the payment in such manner to such person or board, and produce such evidence, and comply with such rules as is for the time being required by regulations imder this section.

5. For the purposes of this Act — Definitions.

The expression "probate duties" means the stamp duties charged

on the affidavit required from persons applying for probate or letters of administration in England or Ireland, and on the inventory exhibited and recorded in Scotland, and the stamp duties charged on such accounts of personal and movable property, as are specified in section thirty-eight of the Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1881, and includes the proceeds of all penalties and forfeitures recovered in relation to such stamp duties, and the amount of the proceeds of such duties shall be ascertained in such manner as may be provided by the regulations of the Treasury.

The expression "the Treasury means the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury.

The expression "Lord Lieutenant of Ireland " includes the chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being.

The expression "highlands and islands of Scotland" means the counties of Argyll, Inverness, Ross and Cromarty, Sutherland,

Caithness, Orkney, and Shetland.

524

[Short title.]

Issue of 20, 984, 191/. out of the Consolidated Fund.

Power for the Treasury to borrow.

Appropriation of sums voted for supply services.

Ch. 60, 61. Probate Duties (Scotland and Ireland) 51 & 52 Vict.

Act, 1888.

6. This Act may be cited as the Probate Duties (Scotland and Ireland) Act, 1888.

CHAPTER 61.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[24th December 1888.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Grant out of Consolidated Fund.

1. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time being may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine, the sum of twenty million nine hundred and eighty-lour thousand one hundred and ninety-one pounds.

2. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may borrow from time to time, on the credit of the said sum of twenty million nine hundred and eighty-four thousand one hundred and ninety-one pounds, any sum or sums of equal or less amount in the whole, and shall repay the moneys so borrowed, with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any moneys so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

Appropriation of Grants.

3. All sums granted by this Act and the other Acts mentioned in Schedule (A.) annexed to this Act out of the said Consolidated

1888.

Ch. 61.

525

Appropriation Act, 1888.

Fund towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty, amounting, as appears by the said schedule, in the aggregate, to the sum of fifty-nine million sixty-seven thousand seven hundred and eighty-one pounds seven shillings and fourpence are appropriated and shall be deemed to have been appropriated as from the date of the passing of the first of the Acts mentioned in the said Schedule (A.) for the purposes and services expressed in Schedule (B.) annexed hereto.

The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed hereto, with the notes (if any) to such schedules, shall be deemed to be part of this Act in the same manner as if they had been contained in the body thereof.

4. If a necessity arise for incurring expenditure not provided for Treasury may, in the sums appropriated to naval and military services by this Act, m certain cases and which it may be detrimental to the public service to postpone authonseYx-until provision can be made for it by Parliament in the usual penditure un-course, each of the departments entrusted with the control over the provi^ f?r 5 said services shall forthwith make application in writing to the ^aggregate Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for their authority to grants for the defray temporarily such expenditure out of any surpluses which may have been or which may be effected by the saving of expen- army Ten-ices diture upon votes within the same department, and in such appli- respectively be cation the department shall represent to the Commissioners of the not exceeded. Treasury the circumstances which may render such additional expenditure necessar}r, and thereupon the said Commissioners may authorise the expenditure unprovided for as aforesaid to be temporarily defrayed out of any surpluses which may have been or which may be effected as aforesaid upon votes within the same department; and a statement showing all cases in which the naval and military departments have obtained the sanction of the said Commissioners to any expenditure not provided for in the respective votes aforesaid, accompanied by copies of the representations made to them by the said departments, shall be laid before the House of Commons with the appropriation accounts of navy and army services for the year, in order that such proceedings may be submitted for the sanction of Parliament, and that provision may be made for the deficiencies upon the several votes for the said services in such manner as Parliament may determine.

The Commissioners of the Treasury shall not authorise any expenditure which may cause an excess upon the aggregate sums appropriated by this Act for naval services and for army services respectively.

5. Whereas the Commissioners of the Treasury, under the powers vested in them by the Appropriation Act, 1886, and the Appropriation Act, 1886, Session 2, have authorised expenditure not provided for in the sums appropriated by the said Acts to certain votes for naval and military services for the year ended on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-seven to be temporarily defrayed out of surpluses, effected by the saving of

Sanction for navy and army expenditure for 1886-87 unprovided for.

526 Ch. 61. Appropriation, 1888. 51 & 52 VICT.

expenditure, on other votes for naval and military services for the said year; viz.,

1st. A sum of twenty-four thousand seven hundred and seventy pounds thirteen shillings and fourpence for navy services out of the unexpended balances of certain votes, aided by sums realised in excess of the estimated appropriations in aid:

2nd. A sum of two hundred and twenty-two thousand three hundred and twenty-six pounds nineteen shillings for army services out of the unexpended balances of certain votes, aided by sums realised in excess of theestim it i d appropriations in aid:

It is enacted that the application of the said sums is hereby sanctioned.

6. A person shall not receive any part of a grant which may be

________^ made in pursuance of this Act for half-pay or army, navy, or civil

before receipt non-effective services until he has subscribed such declaration as of sums appro- may from time to time be prescribed by a warrant of the Com-pnated. missioners of Her Majesty's Treasury before one of the persons prescribed by such warrant.

Provided that, whenever any such payment is made at more frequent intervals than once in a quarter, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may dispense with the production of more than one declaration in respect of each quarter.

Any person who makes a declaration for the purpose of this section, knowing the same to be untrue in any material particular, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor.

Short title of 7. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Appropriation Act' Act, 1888.

Declaration required in

ABSTRACT

OF

SCHEDULES (A.) and (B.) to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund ... 59, 067, 781 7 4

SCHEDULE (B.) — Appropriation of Grants.

1887-88. £ 8. d. £8. d.

Part 1. Civil Service Deficiencies, 1886-87, 2. Civil Services (Supplementary) 3, 309 7 4

1887-88 - 111, 591 0 0 114, 900 7 4

1888.

Appropriation Act, 1888. Ch. 61.

627

1888-89. £ «. d.

Part 3. Navy ... 13, 082, 800 0 0

, 4. Army (including Ordnance Factories) 16, 738, 300 0 0

jt 5. Civil Services, Class I. - 1, 430, 138

, 6. Ditto, Class II. 2, 435, 569

, 7. Ditto, Class IIL 6, 398, 872

, 8. Ditto, Class IV. 5, 741, 583

9. Ditto, Class V. 647, 368

, 10. Ditto, Class VI. 1, 259, 778

, 11. Ditto, Class VII. 127, 922

Total Civil Services . 18, 041, 230 0 0

, 12. Be venue departments, &c. - 11, 090, 551 0 0

59, 067, 781 7 4

SCHEDULE (A.)

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund.

For the service of the years ending 31st March 1887 1888: —

Under Act 51 Vict. c. 1.

For the service of the year ending 31st March 1889: — Under Act 51 Vict. c. 1.

Under Act 51 & 52 Vict. c. 16.

Under Act 51 & 52 Vict. c. 26.

Under this Act -

Total

and £ 8. d.

- 114, 900 7 4

- 11, 704, 603 0 0

- 5, 570, 712 0 0

- 20, 693, 375 0 0

- 20, 984, 191 0 0

- 59, 067, 781 7 4

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 1.

Civil Services Deficiencies, 1886-87.

Schedule of Sums granted to make good deficiencies on the several grants herein particularly mentioned for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1887; viz.: —

CIVIL SERVICES. £ 8. d.

Class II. House of Lords Offices - m m 48 14 10

Class III. County Courts - m 3.260 12 6

Total - 3, 309 7 4

Sched. (A.;

SCHED. (B.) Part 1. Civil Service Deficiencies, 1886-87.

Ch. 61.

Appropriation, 1888.

51 & 52 Yicx.

528

Sched. (B.) Part 2. Civil Services Supplementary 1887-88.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 2.

Civil Services (Supplementary), 1887-88.

Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted to defray the chaiges for the Services herein particularly mentioned for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1888; viz.: —

CIVIL SERVICES. £

Class I.

Public Buildings, Ireland - 13,000

Science and Art Buildings, Dublin - - 12,000

Lighthouses Abroad .... - - 1, 100

Class II.

Bankruptcy Department of the Board of Trade - 1

Colonial Office ..... - - 481

Charity Commission .... - - 2, 277

Mint, including coinage .... - - 7, 100

Class in.

County Courts 38, 073

Police, Counties and Boroughs, England and Wales 7, 300

Courts of Law and Justice, Scotland 1, 063

Police, Counties and Boroughs, Scotland - 400

County Court Officers, Ac., Ireland 6, 550

Class IV.

National Gallery ..... 676

London University ..... - - 130

Class V.

Diplomatic Services .... 6, 500

Grants in Aid of Expenditure in certain Colonies - 300

Class VII.

Temporary Commissions .... 7, 500

Miscellaneous Expenses .... - - 6, 240

Grand total ... - - 111, 591

1888.

Appropriation Act, 1888. Ch. 61.

529

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 3. Sched. (B.)

Part 3.

NAVY. Navy.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the Navy Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1889; viz.; —

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For wages, &c. to 62, 400 seamen, marines, and coast

guard and half-pay of officers ....

2. For the expense of victualling and clothing for the navy -

3. For medical establishments and services and cost of

medicines -

4. For martial law, &c.

5. For educational services -

6. For divine service -

7. For the expense of the royal naval reserve, reserve of

retired officers, seamen and marine pensioners, and royal naval artillery volunteers -

8. Sect. 1. For the expense of the personnel for ship-

building, repairs, and maintenance ... J, Sect. 2. For the expense of the materiel for shipbuilding, } repairs, and maintenance ....

, Sect. 3. For the expense of contract work for shipbuilding, repairs, and maintenance -

9. For naval armaments -

10. For works, buildings, and repairs at home and abroad -

11. For miscellaneous effective services -

12. For scientific services -

13. For the expense of the Admiralty Office -

14. For reserved and retired pay to officers of the navy and

marines -

15. For naval pensions and allowances ...

16. For widows pensions and compassionate allowances

17. For civil pensions and gratuities -

3, 112, 700

956, 400

119, 500

11.500

73.500 33, 100

143.800 1, 606, 200

923.500

1, 514, 200

1, 863, 500

376, 300

117.000 55, 600

212, 100

721.000 743, 600

168.500

330.800

Total Navy Services

13, 082, 800

SCHEDULE (B.)-Part 4. ScHBn. (B.)

Part 4.

ARMY. Army.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges for the Army Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1889; viz.: —

Sums not

V.

1. For the general staff and regimental pay, allowances, and charges of Her Majesty's land forces at home and abroad, exclusive of charges on India - .

exceeding

4, 977,000

530

Ch. 61.

Appropriation Act, 1888.

51 & 52 VICT.

Sc RED. (B.) Past 4. Army.

Sums not exceeding

No.

2. For the pay and miscellaneous expenses of the chaplain’s

department -

3. For the staff of military prisons and the administration of

military law -

4. For medical establishments and services and cost of medi

cines -

5. For the pay and allowances of the militia

6. For the yeomanry cavalry pay and allowances

7. For the volunteer corps pay and allowances

8. For the pay and allowances of a number of army reserve ' firt-t class, and of the army reserve second class -

9. For the expense of transports and remounts -

10. For provisions, forage, fuel, light, and other services

11. For clothing establishments, services, and supplies-

12. For the supply, manufacture, and repair of warlike and

other stores -

13. For superintending establishment of, and expenditure foi

engineer works, buildings, and repail's at home anc abroad -

14. For establishments for military education -

15. For miscellaneous effective services -

16. For the salaries and miscellaneous charges of the War Office

17. For rewards for distinguished and meritorious services, and

rewards for long service and good conduct, exclusive of charges on India -

18. For half pay, &c., of field marshals, and of general, regimental, and departmental officers, exclusive of charges on India -

19. For retired pay, retired full pay, and gratuities, for

reduced and retired officers, including payments awarded by Army Purchase Commissioners, exclusive of charges on India -

20. For widows’ pensions and gratuities, for allowances on the

compassionate list, and for the relief fund, <tc., exclusive of charges on India .....

21. For pensions and gratuities to officers for wounds -

22. For Chelsea and Kilmainham hospitals, and the in-pen-

sioners thereof .....

23. For out-pensions for the maintenance of lunatics for whom

pensions are not drawn, and for gratuities awarded in lieu of pension's, exclusive of charges on India

24. For superannuation, compensation, and compassionate

allowances, and gratuities -

25. For retired allowances, &c. to officers of the militia, yeomanry, and volunteer forces ....

58, 300

32, 400

304, 900

555.000 76,000

720, 700

442, 200

652.000

2.509.000 845, 600

1.410.000

643, 300

119, 800

68, 600

257, 900

17, 200

74, 400

1, 196, 200

126.700

14, 700

31, 300

1, 343, 900

178, 300

44, 900

Total Army Services

16, 700, 300

Army (Ordnance Factories).

For the expense of the ordnance factories, the productions of which are charged to other votes ...

38,000

Total Army Services (including Ordnance Factories)

16, 738, 300

1888.

Appropriation Act, 1888. Ch. 61.

531

SCHEDULE (BO — Part 5.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class I.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1889; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For the maintenance and repair of the royal palaces

2. For the maintenance and repair of Marlborough House

3. For the royal parks and pleasure gardens ...

4. For the buildings of the Houses of Parliament

5. For the cost of erecting a monument in memory of the

late Major-General Charles George Gordon

6. For the maintenance and repair of public buildings in Great Britain, including various special works; for providing the necessary supply of water; for rents of houses hired for accommodation of public departments, and charges attendant thereon -

7. For the extension of the Admiralty buildings

8. For the supply and repair of furniture in the public depart-

ments of Great Britain -

9. For the expenses of the Customs, Inland Revenue, Post

Office, and Post Office Telegraph Buildings, in Great Britain, including furniture, fuel, and sundry miscellaneous services -

10. For new buildings for county courts, maintenance and repair

of courts, supply of furniture, fuel, &c., and for charges attendant thereon -

11. For charges connected with Metropolitan Police Court

Buildings

12. For one half of the expense of erecting or improving court

houses or offices for the sheriff courts in Scotland, and for the Government contribution towards the cost of maintaining the courts erected or improved -

13. For the survey of the United Kingdom, including the

revision of the survey of Ireland, maps for use in proceedings beforo the Land Judges in Ireland, publication of maps, and engraving the geological survey

14. For the expense of the erection and maintenance (including

rents, <fcc.) of buildings for the Department of Science and Art (including a supplementary sum of 1, 3001)

15. For the maintenance and repair of the British Museum and

Natural History Museum buildings, for rents of premises, supply of water, fuel, &c., and charges attendant thereon

16. For a grant in aid of the cost of purchase of a site for a hall

for the University of Edinburgh -

17. For diplomatic and consular buildings, including rents and

furniture, and for the maintenance of certain cemeteries abroad -

17a. For a grant in aid of the cost of the erection of a memorial to I the British officers and men who fell in the battles of 1815 '

18. For maintaining certain harbours, &c. under the Board of I

Trade -

19. For maintaining certain lighthouses abroad -

20. For constructing a new harbour of refuge at Peterhead

21. For rates and contributions in lieu of rates, &c., in respect of Government property, and for salaries and expenses of the rating of Government property department -

22. For contribution to the funds for the establishment and

maintenance of a fire brigade in the metropolis -

LI 2

34, 260

2,000

89, 013

46, 940

2, 200

130, 629

5,000

15, 930

238, 514

28, 875

15, 756

14, 250

223,000

11, 200

10, 940

4,000

20, 626

500

16, 145

10, 530

30, 180

228, 848

10,000

SCHED. (B.) Part 5.

Civil Services. Class I.

532

Ch. 61.

Appropriation, 1888.

51 & 52 Vict.

SCHED. (B.) Past 5.

Civil Services. Class I.

SCHED. (B.) Past 6.

Civil Services. Class II.

No.

25. For erection, repairs, and maintenance of the several public

works and buildings under the department of the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, and the maintenance of certain parks, harbours, and navigations, and for repayments to Baronies under the Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883

26. For expenses preparatory to, and of the erection of the

Museum of Science and Art National Library, and of the School of Art and Lecture Theatre in Dublin

Sums not exceeding

198, 302

42, 500

Total Civil Services, Class I.

1, 430, 138

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 6.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class II.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during* the year ending on the 31st day of March 1889; viz.: —

No.

1. For salaries and expenses in the offices of the House of Lords

2. For salaries and expenses in the offices of the House of

Commons (including a supplementary sum of 4, 1301.)

3. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty’s

Treasury and in the office of the Parliamentary Counsel, and the expenses of Statute Law Revision

4. For salaries and expenses of the office of Her Majesty’s

Secretary of State for the Home Department and subordinate offices -

5. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs

6. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Colonies, including certain expenses connected with Emigration -

7. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council and subordinate departments -

8. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Committee of

Privy Council for Trade, and subordinate departments -

9. For meeting the deficiency of income from fees, &c. for the

requirements of the Board of Trade, under the Bankruptcy Act, 1883 ......

10. For salaries and expenses of the Charity Commission for

England and Wales, including the Endowed Schools Department (including a supplementary sum of 3, 7311.)

11. For salaries and expenses of the Civil Service Commission -

12. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Comp-

troller and Auditor General -

13. For salaries and expenses of the Registry of Friendly Societies -

14. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Land Commissioners for England, and for defraying the repayable expenses to be incurred in matters of Inclosure and Land Improvement, and under the Extraordinary Tithe Redemption Act, 1886 -

Sums not exceeding

T

43, 731

53, 517

60, 222

95, 734

71, 073

40, 968

51, 356

104, 017

9

40, 432

44, 477

53, 720

8, 257

12, 210

1888.

Appropriation Act, 1888. Ch. 61.

533

No.

15.

16.

17.

18.

19.

20.

21.

22.

23.

24.

25.

26.

27.

28. 29.

30.

31.

32.

33.

34.

35.

36.

37.

38.

Sums not exceeding

For salaries and expenses of the Local Government Board, including various grants in aid of local taxation - For salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners in Lunacy in England - For salaries and expenses of the Mint, including the expenses of the coinage ......

For salaries and expenses of the National Debt Office For charges connected with the Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks Acts -

For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Paymaster General in London and Dublin For salaries and expenses of the establishment under the Public Works Loan Commissioners ... For salaries and expenses of the Public Record Office in England .......

For salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of Births, &c. in England ...

For stationery, printing, and paper, binding, and printed books, for the several departments of Government in England, Scotland, and Ireland, and some dependencies, and for the two Houses of Parliament; for the salaries and expenses of the Establishment of the Stationery Office, and the cost of Stationery Office publications, and of the Gazette Offices; and for sundry miscellaneous services, including a grant in aid of the publication of Parliamentary Debates ......

For salaries and expenses of the office of Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and of the office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments .....

For salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings -In aid of the Mercantile Marine Fund ... For Her Majesty's foreign and other secret services For the salaries and expenses of the office of Her Majesty's Secretary for Scotland and subordinate offices (including a supplementary sum of 5001.) -

For salaries and expenses of the department of the Queen’s and Lord Treasurer’s Remembrancer in Exchequer, Scotland, of certain officers in Scotland, and other charges formerly on the hereditary revenue - For salaries and expenses of the Fishery Board in Scotland, and for grants in aid of piers or quays ... For salaries and expenses of the Board of Lunacy in Scotland .......

For salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of Births, &c. in Scotland ... For salaries and expenses of the Board of Supervision for Relief of the Poor, and for expenses under the Public Health and Vaccination Acts, including certain grants in aid of local taxation in Scotland ....

For salaries of the officers and attendants of the household of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland and other expenses For salaries and expenses of the offices of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, in Dublin and London, and subordinate departments ... For salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests for Ireland For salaries and expenses of the Local Government Board in Ireland, including various grants in aid of local taxation -

448, 968

15, 217

68, 941

15, 071

54, 305

25, 690

9, 533

21, 634

47, 567

545, 977

25, 314

49, 600

40.000

40.000

9, 747

6, 376

21, 427

5, 990

5, 948

29, 347

7, 478

40, 707

2, 053

131, 698

SCHED. (B.) Past 6.

Civil Services. Class II.

534

Ch. 61.

Appropriation Act, 1888.

51 & 52 Vici

SCHED. (B.) Part 6.

Civil Services. Class II.

Sums not exceeding

No.

39. For salaries and expenses of the Office of Public Works in

Ireland -

40. For salaries and expenses of the Public Record Office and of the Keeper of the State Papers in Ireland

41. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar

General of Births, &c., and for expenses of the collection of agricultural and other statistics in Ireland

42. For salaries and expenses of the general valuation and

boundary survey of Ireland ....

Total Civil Services, Class II.

41, 728

5, 810

16, 247

23, 473

2, 435, 569

SCHED. (B.) Part 7.

Civil Services. Class III.

SCHEDULE (B.)-Part 7.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class III.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1889; viz.: —

No.

I. For the salaries of the law officers, the salaries and expenses of the department of the Solicitor for the affairs of Her Majesty's Treasury, and of the department of the Queen’s Proctor for divorce interventions, and of the department of the Director of Public Prosecutions, the costs of prosecutions, including those relating to the coin, and to bankruptcy, and of other legal proceedings conducted by those departments, and various other legal expenses, including Parliamentary Agency -

2. For criminal prosecutions at assizes and quarter sessions, and for adjudications under the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879, for sheriffs expenses, salaries to clerks of assize and other officers, compensation to clerks of the peace and others, and for expenses incurred under Extradition Treaties (including a supplementary sum of 7.000Z.)

3. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund .......

3a. For the salaries and expenses of the Railway and Canal Commission -

4. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Wreck Commissioner

5. For salaries and expenses connected with the County Courts

6. For salaries and expenses of the Office of Land Registry -

7. For the expense of revising barristers in England (including

a supplementary sum of 5, 2362.) ....

8. For salaries and expenses of the police courts of London

and Sheerness -

9. For contribution toward the expenses of the metropolitan

police, and of the horse patrol, and Thames police, and for the salaries of the Commissioner, Assistant Commissioners, and Receiver .....

Sums not exceeding

77/776

169, 917

408, 315

1, 750

12, 680

438, 030

2, 796

25, 606

17, 743

583, 520

1888.

Appi'opriation Act, 1888. Ch. 61

535

No. Sums not exceeding £

10. For the expenses of police engaged in special duties in connexion with dynamite outrages ... 57,000

11. For certain expenses connected with the police in counties and boroughs in England and Wales ... 875, 286

12. For the expenses of the prisons in England, Wales, and the Colonies ...... 721, 180

13. For the maintenance of juvenile offenders in reformatory, industrial, and day industrial schools in G-reat Britain, and for the salaries and expenses of the Inspectors of Reformatories ---- 279, 646

14. For the maintenance of criminal lunatics in Broadmoor Criminal Lunatic Asylum - 32, 802

15. For salaries and expenses of the Lord Advocate’s department and others connected with criminal proceedings in Scotland, including certain allowances under the Act 15 & 16 Vict. c. 83. 61, 627

16. For salaries and expenses of the Courts of Law and Justice in Scotland and other legal charges (including a supplementary sum of 1, 650/.) ..... 63, 157

17. For salaries and expenses of the offices in Her Majesty's General Register House, Edinburgh - 37, 627

18. For the expenses of the Establishment of the Crofters’ Commission ...... 6, 831

19. For certain charges connected with the Police in Scotland - 152, 237

20. For the expenses of the Prison Commissioners for Scotland, and of the prisons under their control, including the maintenance of criminal lunatics and the preparation of judicial statistics ...... 109, 538

21. For the expense of criminal prosecutions and other law charges in Ireland, including certain allowances under

the Act 15 & 16 Vict. c. 83. (including a supplementary sum of 10,0002.) ---- 82, 665

22. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature in Ireland as arc not charged on the Consolidated Fund ---- 85, 562

23. For salaries and incidental expenses of the Court of Bankruptcy in Ireland (including a supplementary sum of 500/.) 10, 647

24. For salaries and expenses of the Admiralty Court Registry in Ireland ---- 1, 285

25. For salaries and expenses of the Office for the Registration of Deeds in Ireland- ..... 16, 346

26. For salaries and expenses in the Office for the Registration of Judgments in Ireland - 2, 413

27. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Irish Land Commission (including a supplementary som of 62.206/.) - 103, 118

28. For the salaries, allowances, and expenses of various county court officers, and of magistrates in Ireland, and of revising barristers of the city of Dublin (including a supplementary sum of 3,000l.) .... 29. For salaries and expenses of the Commissioners of Police, of the police courts and of the metropolitan police establishment of Dublin - 115, 750

151, 733

30. For the expenses of the Constabulary Force in Ireland 1, 439, 288

31. For the expense of the General Prisons Board in Ireland, and of the prisons under their control; and of the registration of habitual criminals - 134, 742

32. For the expenses of reformatories and industrial schools in Ireland ....... 108, 497

SCHED. (B.) Part 7.

Civil Services. Class III.

536

Ch. 61.

Appropriation 1888.

51 & 52 Vict.

Sched. (B.) Part 7.

Civil Services. Class HI.

Sched. (B.) Part 8.

Civil Services. Class IV.

Sums not exceeding

No. 33. For the maintenance of criminal lunatics in Dundrum Criminal Lunatic Asylum, Ireland - £ 6, 762

Total Civil Services, Class III. - £ 6, 398, 872

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 8. CIVIL SERVICES. — Class IV.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1389; viz.: —

No.

1. For public education in England and Wales, including the

expenses of the Education Office in London

2. For salaries and expenses of the Department of Science and

Art, and of the establishments connected therewith

3. For salaries and expenses of the British Museum, including

the amount required for the Natural History Museum (including a supplementary sum of 2.539Z.)

4. For salaries and expenses of the National Gallery -

5. For salaries and expenses of the National Portrait Gallery -

6. For grants in aid of the expenditure of certain learned

societies in Great Britain and Ireland ...

7. For salaries and expenses of the University of London

(including a supplementary sum of 700Z.) -

8. In aid of the expenses of certain Universities and Colleges

in England and Wales .....

9. For preparing an account of the scientific results of the

expedition of Her Majesty's ship " Challenger " in 1873, 1874, 1875, and 1876, to investigate the physical and biological conditions of the great ocean basins, and for arranging the collections made during the expedition

10. For public education in Scotland ....

11. For grants to Scottish Universities (including a supple-

mentary sum of 300Z.) -

12. For the annuity to the Board of Trustees of manufactures in

Scotland, in discharge of equivalents under the Treaty of Union, to be applied in maintenance of the National Gallery, School of Art and Museum of Antiquities, Scotland, and for tho exhibition of the Torrie Collection of Works of Art, and for other purposes -

13. For public education under the Commissioners of National

Education in Ireland .....

14. For the salaries and expenses of the National School

Teachers’ Superannuation Office, Dublin -

15. For the salary and expenses of the Office of the Commissioners of Education in Ireland appointed for the regulation of endowed schools -

16. For salaries and expenses of the National Gallery of Ireland,

and for the purchase of pictures -

17. In aid of the expenses of the Queen’s Colleges in Ireland -

18. In aid of the expenses of the Royal Irish Academy -

Total Civil Services, Class IV. - A!

Sums not exceeding

3, 576, 077

445, 303

148, 898

10, 629

1, 922

21, 900

14, 352

14,000

2,000

568, 322

19, 325

2.500 898, 525

2, 020

700

2.501 10, 528

2, 081

5, 741, 583

1888.

Appropriation, 1888. Ch. 61.

537

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 9.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class V.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1889; viz.: —

Sched. (B.) Part 9.

Civil Services. Class V.

No.

1. For expenses of Her Majesty's embassies and missions

abroad -

2. For consular establishments abroad, and for other expen-

diture chargeable on the Consular Vote -

3. For the expenses of various services (other than Consular)

in connection with the suppression of the slave trade, and the expenses of the Liberated African Department (including a supplementary sum of 5, 500Z.)

4. For salaries and expenses of the three representatives of

Her Majesty's Government on the Council of Administration of the Suez Canal Company ...

5. In aid of colonial local revenues, and for the salaries and

allowances of governors, Ac., and for other charges connected with the colonies, including expenses incurred under the Pacific Islanders Protection Act, 1875 -

6. For certain charges connected with the Orange River

Territory, the Transvaal, Zululand, Bechuanaland, the island of St. Helena, and the High Commissioner for South Africa -

7. For the subsidies to Telegraph Companies and for the salary

of the Official Director -

8. In aid of the revenue of the island of Cyprus (including a

supplementary sum of 25,000l.) -

Total Civil Services, Class V.

Sums not exceeding

! £ 236, 260

l

179, 433

1

! 18, 620

l

1, 405

I 51, 115

56, 235

49, 300

55,000

647, 368

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 10.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VI.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1889; viz.: —

Sched. (B.) Part 10.

Civil Services. Class VI.

I Sums not i exceeding

No.

1. For superannuation and retired allowances to persons

formerly employed in the public service, and for compassionate or other special allowances and gratuities awarded by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury

2. For pensions to masters and seamen of the merchant ser-

vice, and to their widows and children ...

474, 510

16, 400

538

Ch. 61

Appropriation, 1888.

51 & 52 Vict.

SC HKD. (6.)

Part 10.

Civil Services. Class VI.

SCHED. (B.) Part 11.

Civil Services. Class VII.

No.

3. In aid of the local cost of maintenance of panper lunatics

in England and Wales -

4. In aid of the local cost of maintenance of panper lunatics

in Scotland -

5. In aid of the local cost of maintenance of panper lunatics

in Ireland -

6. For the support of certain hospitals and infirmaries in Ireland -

7. For making good the deficiency arising from payments for

interest to Savings Banks and Friendly Societies

8. For miscellaneous, charitable, and other allowances in Great Britain -

9. For certain miscellaneous, charitable, and other allowances

in Ireland -

Stuns not exceeding

493,000

90,000

104, 460

16, 658

60, 013

2, 338

2, 399

Total Civil Services, Class VI.

1, 259, 778

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 11.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VII.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1889; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For salaries and incidental expenses of temporary commissions and committees, including special inquiries

2. For certain miscellaneous expenses -

3. For the execution of certain public works in Ireland (in-

cluding a supplementary sum of 11, 6002.) -

4. For the repayment of moneys under the Kilrush and Kilkee

Railway, &c., Act, 1887 -

5. For the expense of supplying seed potatoes to the in-

habitants of the islands of Arran, and the islands in Kilkieran Bay, county of Galway -

6. For a grant in aid of the expenses of the Royal Commission

for the exhibition at Melbourne, 1888 -

7. For repayment to the Civil Contingencies Fund of certain

miscellaneous advances -

8. For a grant or aid to make good amounts directed by the

Act 51 & 52 Victoria, chapter 39, to be written off from the assets of the Local Loans Fund ...

Total Civil Services, Class VII.

33, 404

9, 811

37, 600

3, 312

1, 742

7,000

1, 823

33, 230

127, 922

1883.

Appropriation Act, 1888. Ch. 61, 62.

539

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 12.

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS, &c.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Revenue Departments, &c. herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1889; viz.: —

No.

1. For salaries and expenses of the Customs Department

2. For salaries and expenses of the Inland Revenue Depart *

ment -

3. For salaries and expenses of the Post Office services, the expenses of Post Office savings banks, and Government annuities and insurances, and the collection of the Post Office revenue -

4. For the Post Office packet service -

5. For salaries and expenses of the Post Office telegraph ser-

vice -

Sums not exceeding

937, 920

1, 807, 629

5, 666, 666

641, 500

2, 036, 836

Total Revenue Departments

11, 090, 551

CHAPTER 62.

An Act to amend the Law with respect to Preferential Payments in Bankruptcy, and in the winding-up of Companies.

[24th December 1888.]

BE it enacted by the Queens most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) In the distribution of the property of a bankrupt, and in the distribution of the assets of any company being wound up under the Companies Act, 1862, and the Acts amending the same, there shall be paid in priority to all other debts —

(a.) All parochial or other local rates due from the bankrupt or the company at the date of the receiving order or, as the case may be, the commencement of the winding-up, and having become due and payable within twelve months next before that time, and all assessed taxes, land tax, property or income tax assessed on the bankrupt or the company up to the fifth day of April next before the date of the receiving order, or, as the case may be, the commencement of the winding-up, and not exceeding in the whole one year’s assessment;

(5.) All wages or salary of any clerk or servant in respect of services rendered to the bankrupt or the company during four months before the date of the receiving order, or, as the case may be, the commencement of the winding-up, not exceeding fifty pounds; and

SCHED. (B.) Part 12. Revenue Departments, &c.

Priority of debts.

Ch. 62. Preferential Payments in Bankruptcy 51 & 52 Vict.

Act, 1888.

(c.) All wages of any labourer or workman not exceeding twenty-five pounds, whether payable for time or for piece work, in respect of services rendered to the bankrupt or the company during two months before the date of the receiving order or, as the case may be, the commencement of the winding-up: Provided that where any labourer in husbandry has entered into a contract for the payment of a portion of his wages in a lump sum at the end of the year of hiring, he shall have priority in respect of the whole of such sum, or a part thereof, as the court may decide to be due under the contract, proportionate to the time of service up to the date of the receiving order, or, as the case may be, the commencement of the winding-up.

(2.) The foregoing debts shall rank equally between themselves and shall be paid in full, unless the property of the bankrupt is, or the assets of the company are, insufficient to meet them, in which case they shall abate in equal proportions between themselves.

(3.) Subject to the retention of such sums as may be necessary for the costs of administration or otherwise, the foregoing debts shall be discharged forthwith so far as the property of the debtor, or the assets of the company, as the case may be, is or are sufficient to meet them.

(4.) In the event of a landlord or other person distraining or having distrained on any goods or effects of a bankrupt or a company being wound up within three months next before the date of the receiving order or the winding-up order respectively, the debts to which priority is given by this section shall be a first charge on the goods or effects so distrained on, or the proceeds of the sale thereof.

Provided, that in respect of any money paid under any such charge the landlord or other person shall have the same rights of priority as the person to whom such payment is made.

(5.) This section, so far as it relates to the property of a bankrupt, shall have effect as part of section forty of the Bankruptcy' Act, 1883.

(6.) This section shall apply, in the case of a deceased person who dies insolvent, as if he were a bankrupt, and as if the date of his death were substituted for the date of the receiving order.

2. — (1.) Nothing in this Act shall alter the effect of section five of the Act twenty-eight and twenty-nine Victoria, chapter eighty-six, "To amend the law of partnership, " or shall prejudice the provisions of the Friendly Societies Act, 1875, or shall affect the priority given to the payment of funeral and testamentary expenses by section one hundred and twenty-five of the Bankruptcy Act, 1883.

(2.) Nothing in this Act shall affect the provisions of the Stannaries Act, 1887.

3. This Act shall apply only in the case of receiving orders and orders for the administration of the estates of deceased debtors

1888. Preferential Payments in Bankruptcy Ch. 62, 63. 541

Act, 1888.

according to the law of bankruptcy made and windings-up commenced after the commencement of this Act.

4. This Act shall not apply to Ireland. Extent of Act.

5. This Act shall commence and come into operation from and Commence-immediately after the last day of December one thousand eight ment of Act-hundred and eighty-eight.

6. The enactments specified in the schedule hereto are hereby Repeal, repealed to the extent in the third column of that schedule mentioned.

[Short title.]

7. This Act may be cited as the Preferential Payments in Bankruptcy Act, 1888.

SCHEDULE. Enactments Repealed.

Session and Chapter. Title. Extent of Repeal.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 28. - The Companies Act, 1883 | The whole Act, except as regards its appli-| cation to Irelana.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 52. - The Bankruptcy Act, 1883 i Section forty, sub-sections one and two.

49 & 50 Vict. c. 28. - The Bankruptcy (Agricultural Labourers Wages) Act, 1886. The whole Act.

CHAPTER 63.

An Act to amend the twenty-third section of w The Crofters Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1886."

[24th December 1888.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the law relating to the delegation of powers by the Crofters Commission to one or more of their number:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) In executing the provisions of this Act it shall be Delegation of competent for the Crofters Commission to delegate the duties Powers* thereby prescribed to one or more of their number, assisted by two valuers or assessors; but any determination arrived at by such commissioner or commissioners shall be subject to review, upon appeal, by the whole three commissioners.

542

49 & 50 Vict.

c. 29.

[Short title.]

Interpretation.

Repeal of 44 & 45 Vict. c. 60. s. 2. Newspaper reports of proceedings in coart privileged.

Newspaper reports of proceedings of public meetings and of certain bodies and persons privileged.

Ch. 63, 64. Crofters Commission (Delegation of 51 & 52 Vict.

Powers) A, 1888.

(2.) This section shall be read in place of the twenty-third section of the Crofters Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1886, and shall have the same effect as though it were enacted in the said Act

2. This Act may be cited as the Crofters Commission (Delegation of Powers) Act, 1888.

CHAPTER 64.

An Act to amend the Law of Libel.

[24tl\ December 1888.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the law of libel:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. In the construction of this Act the word "newspaper " shall have the same meaning as in the Newspaper Libel and Registration Act, 1881.

2. Section two of the Newspaper Libel and Registration Act, 1881, is hereby repealed.

3. A fair and accurate report in any newspaper of proceedings publicly heard before any court exercising judicial authority shall, if published contemporaneously with such proceedings, be privileged:Provided that nothing in this section shall authorise the publication of any blasphemous or indecent matter.

4. A fair and accurate report published in any newspaper of the proceedings of a public meeting, or (except wThere neither the public nor any newspaper reporter is admitted) of any meeting of a vestry, town council, school board, board of guardians, board or local authority formed or constituted under the provisions of any Act of Parliament, or of any committee appointed by any of the above-mentioned bodies, or of any meeting of any commissioners authorised to act by letters patent, Act of Parliament, warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, or other lawful warrant or authority, select committees of either House of Parliament, justices of the peace in quarter sessions assembled for administrative or deliberative purposes, and the publication at the request of any Government office or department, officer of state, commissioner of police, or chief constable of any notice or report issued by them for the information of the public, shall be privileged, unless it shall be proved that such report or publication was published or made maliciously: Provided that nothing in this section shall authorise the publication of any blasphemous or indecent matter: Provided also, that the protection intended to be afforded by this section shall not be available as a defence in any proceedings if it shall be proved that the defendant has been requested to insert in the newspaper in which the report or other publication complained of appeared a

1888. Law of Libel Amendment Act, 1888. Ch. 64. 543

reasonable letter or statement by way of contradiction or explanation of such report or other publication, and has refused or neglected to insert the same: Provided further, that nothing in this section contained shall be deemed or construed to limit or abridge any privilege now by law existing, or to protect the publication of any matter not of public concern and the publication of which is not for the public benefit.

For the purposes of this section "public meeting" shall mean any meeting bona fide and lawfully held for a lawful purpose, and for the furtherance or discussion of any matter of public concern, whether the admission thereto be general or restricted.

5. It shall be competent for a judge or the court, upon an Consolidation application by or on behalf of two or more defendants in actions of ftctions-in respect to the same, or substantially the same, libel brought by

one and the same person, to make an order for the consolidation of such actions, so that they shall be tried together; and after such order has been made, and before the trial of the said actions, the defendants in any new actions instituted in respect to the same, or substantially the same, libel shall also be entitled to be joined in a common action upon a joint application being made by such new defendants and the defendants in the actions already consolidated.

In a consolidated action under this section the jury shall assess the whole amount of the damages (if any) in one sum, but a separate verdict shall be taken for or against each defendant in the same way as if the actions consolidated had been tried separately; and if the jury shall have found a verdict against the defendant or defendants in more than one of the actions so consolidated, they shall proceed to apportion the amount of damages which they shall have so found between and against the said last-mentioned defendants; and the judge at the trial, if he awards to the plaintiff the costs of the action, shall thereupon make such order as he shall deem just for the apportionment of such costs between and against such defendants.

6. At the trial of an action for a libel contained in any news- Power to paper the defendant shall be at liberty to give in evidence in gW^certain0 mitigation of damages that the plaintiff has already recovered (or evidence in has brought actions for) damages or has received or agreed to receive compensation in respect of a libel or libels to the same 0 amages' purport or effect as the libel for which such action has been brought.

7. It shall not be necessary to set out in any indictment or Obscene matter other judicial proceeding instituted against the publisher of any forth in hldicN obscene libel the obscene passages, but it shall be sufficient to ment or other deposit the book, newspaper, or other documents containing the iud*cjal pro-alleged libel with the indictment or other judicial proceeding, cee IDg‘ together with particulars showing precisely by reference to pages,

columns, and lines in what part of the book, newspaper, or other document the-alleged libel is to be found, and such particulars shall be deemed to form part of the record, and all proceedings may be taken thereon as though the passages complained of had been set out in the indictment or judicial proceeding.

544

Repeal of 44 & 45 Vict. c. 60. s. 3, Order of Judge required for prosecution of newspaper proprietor, &c.

Person proceeded against criminally a competent witness.

[Short title.]

Extent of Act.

[Short title.]

[Commencement of Act.]

Extent of Act. Interpretation.

Ch. 64, 65. Law of Libel Amendment, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

8. Section three of the forty-fourth and forty-fifth Victoria, chapter sixty, is hereby repealed, and instead thereof be it enacted that no criminal prosecution shall be commenced against any proprietor, publisher, editor, or any person responsible for the publication of a newspaper for any libel published therein without the order of a Judge at Chambers being first had and obtained.

Such application shall be made on notice to the person accused, who shall have an opportunity of being heard against such application.

9. Every person charged with the offence of libel before any court of criminal jurisdiction, and the husband or wife of the person so charged, shall be competent, but not compellable, witnesses on every hearing at every stage of such charge.

10. This Act shall not apply to Scotland.

11. This Act may be cited as the Law of Libel Amendment Act, 1888.

CHAPTER 65.

An Act to provide for the custody of the Roll of Solicitors of the Supreme Court in England by the Incorporated Law Society, and otherwise to amend the law relating to Solicitors.

[24th December 1888.]

WHEREAS the office of Clerk of the Petty Bag has recently, on the death of the late holder of that office, been abolished:

And whereas the custody of the roll of solicitors of the Supreme Court of Judicature in England was up to that date entrusted to the Clerk of the Petty Bag, and it is now expedient to transfer its custody to the Incorporated Law Society as Registrar of Solicitors, and it is also expedient to make other amendments in the law relating to solicitors of the Supreme Court:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queens most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

1. This Act may be cited as the Solicitors Act, 1888.

2. This Act, so far as it relates to the power of certain of Her Majesty's judges to make rules thereunder, shall come into operation on its passing, and for all other purposes shall (save as otherwise expressed) come into operation on the first day of February one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine, which date is in this Act referred to as the commencement of this Act.

3. This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland.

4. In this Act —

" Solicitor" means solicitor of the Supreme Court of Judicature in England.

1888.

Ch. 65.

545

Solicitors Act, 1888.

" The Incorporated Law Society " or " the Society" means the Society referred to under that title in the Solicitors Act, 1843. 6 & 7 vict-

" The Registrar" means the Registrar of Solicitors. c' 73 '

" Articles of clerkship " or " articles " includes every contract binding a person to serve as clerk to a solicitor under the Solicitors Act, 1843, and the enactments amending that Act.

Custody of Roll of Solicitors.

5. The books containing the roll of solicitors, and any other Transfer to documents relating thereto, heretofore in the custody of the Clerk of the Petty Bag, shall, as soon as may be after the passing of this of^roil of*6 Act, be transferred to and be kept in the custody of the Incor- solicitors, porated Law Society as Registrar of Solicitors; and all affidavits, orders, and documents heretofore required to be filed or delivered at the Petty Bag Office shall henceforth be filed with or delivered to the Society; and all powers and duties of the Clerk of the Petty Bag in relation to the roll of solicitors or to solicitors shall henceforth (subject to the repeals effected by and to the other provisions of this Act) be performed and exercised by the Society: Provided that the Master of the Rolls shall have and exercise all the powers and jurisdiction with regard to all the matters in this section mentioned which he had and might have exercised if this Act had not been passed.

6. The roll of solicitors shall, during office hours, be open to the Inspection of

inspection of any person without fee or reward. roU *

As to Articles of Clerkship.

7. Any articles binding any person to serve as clerk to a Articles of solicitor, and not registered before the passing of this Act, shall, ^iSitered within six months of the date thereof, be produced to the Registrar, by Registrar, who, on being satisfied of the due execution of the articles, shall

enter in a book the names and addresses of the parties to and the date of the articles, and the date of the entry.

For every such entry the Registrar shall be entitled to receive a fee of five shillings; and the book in which the entries are made shall, during office hours, be open to inspection by any person without fee or reward.

The Registrar may, before making such entry as aforesaid, require the execution of any articles to be verified by a statutory declaration or otherwise as may be thought fit by the Registrar.

8. If articles are not produced to the Registrar for entry within Provision if six months of the date thereof, they may be subsequently produced

and entered; but in that case the service of the clerk shall be wkhinstx reckoned to commence from the date of the production for entry, months, unless the Master of the Rolls shall otherwise direct.

9. The enactments of this Act with respect to the production fresh

and entry of articles apply to fresh articles under section thirteen c Ls‘

of the Solicitors Act, 1843, in the same manner as they apply to the original articles.

546

Ch. 65.

51 & 52 VICT.

Admission ns solicitor by Master of the Bolls.

Enrolment of persons

admitted.

Constitution of committee.

Applications to be made to committee; report of committee.

Solicitors Act, 1888.

Admission.

10. A person who has obtained from the Society a certificate of having passed a final examination may apply to the Master of the Holls to be admitted as a solicitor; and thereupon the Master of the Rolls, unless cause to the contrary is shown to his satisfaction, shall by writing under his hand admit, in such manner and form as he shall from time to time direct, such person to be a solicitor.

11. On production of the admission signed by the Master of the Rolls, and on payment of a fee not exceeding five pounds to the Society, it shall be the duty of the Society as Registrar to cause the name of the person admitted to be entered on the roll of solicitors.

Striking off the

12. For the purpose of hearing any application to strike a solicitor off the roll of solicitors, or an application to require a solicitor to answer allegations contained in an affidavit, the Master of the Rolls shall appoint a committee of not less than three nor more than seven of the members of the Council of the Society in this Act called " the committee."

The Master of the Rolls may from time to time remove any member from the committee, or fill any vacancy in the committee, or add to its number, provided that the number shall not exceed seven or be less than three.

No application shall be heard before less than three members of the committee.

13. An application to strike the name of a solicitor off the roll of solicitors (whether at the instance of the solicitor himself or of any other person), or an application to require a solicitor to answer allegations contained in an affidavit, shall be made to and shall be heard by the committee, in accordance with rules to be made under the authority of this Act.

The committee, after hearing the case, shall embody their finding in the form of a report to the High Court of Justice, except where the application is made at the instance of the solicitor himself, in which case the report shall be made to the Master of the Rolls, who shall make such order thereon as he shall think fit.

If the committee are of opinion that there is no primtl facie case of misconduct against the solicitor, the Society need not take any further proceedings; but if the committee are of opinion that there is a prima facie case, it shall be the duty of the Society to bring the report of the committee before the court.

The report shall have the same effect, and shall be treated by the court in the same manner, as a report of a master of the court; and the court may make such order thereon as to the court may seem fit.

Provided that any person who but for this Act would have been entitled to apply to the court to strike a solicitor off the roll of solicitors, or to apply to require a solicitor to answer allegations

1888.

Ch. 65.

547

Solicitors Act, 1888.

contained in an affidavit, shall be entitled so to apply although the committee is of opinion that there is no prim& facie case of misconduct against the solicitor, and shall be entitled to be heard if the Society brings the report of the committee before the court.

14. The committee may administer and take oaths and affirma- Power to

tions for the purpose of an inquiry on any application made to Hdl"im»ter them under ttall Act. oath'-&c '

15. The Master of the Rolls, with the concurrence of the Lord Rules as to Chancellor and of the Lord Chief Justice of England, or one of

them, may make, and from time to time alter and revoke, rules for mittee.C°m" regulating the making, hearing, and determining applications to the committee under this Act, and reports by the committee to the court under this Act, and generally for the purpose of the execution of the provisions of this Act.

Miscellaneous.

16. If a solicitor who has obtained the Registrar’s certificate Jurisdiction entitling him to practise neglects for twelve months after the expiration of such certificate to obtain a fresh certificate, and certificate, subsequently applies for a fresh certificate, it shall be in the discretion of the Registrar to grant or refuse the application, subject

to an appeal to the Master of the Rolls, who may affirm the decision of the Registrar, or may direct the Registrar to issue a certificate to the appellant on such terms and conditions (if any) as he may think fit.

Notice of the intention to make the application must be given to the Registrar at least six weeks before the application is actually made, unless such notice is dispensed with by the Registrar or by the Master of the Rolls.

17. Any act or thing authorised or required to be done by the Power to coun-

Society under or in pursuance of this Act shall be done by the cil J° be *

council for the time being of the Society on behalf of the Society. " 0 c, ety *

18. If any person who immediately before the passing of this Compensation

Act was employed in, or in connexion with, the office of the Clerk Soc^Jto

of the Petty Bag becomes entitled to compensation under section offices, eleven of the Great Seal (Offices) Act, 1874, or otherwise, in respect s7 & 38 vict of loss of salary by reason of the abolition of the office of Clerk of c. 81.

the Petty Bag, such compensation shall be paid by and out of the funds of the Society.

19. The Master of the Rolls, or any judge of the High Court of Saying for

Justice, may, notwithstanding anything in this Act, exercise any J^ter of the jurisdiction over solicitors which he might have exercised if this and othaf Act had not been passed. judges.

20. The Acts described in the first column of the schedule to Repeal, this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the second column of that schedule; and the rules made by certain of Her Majesty's judges "As to re-admission and the taking out and renewal of certificates/’ dated the second day of November one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five, are hereby also repealed,

548

Ch. 65.

51 & 52 VICT.

Section 20.

Solicitors , 1888.

without prejudice to anything already done or suffered, or to any proceeding which may at the commencement of this Act be pending under any of those enactments or rules; and any such proceeding may be carried on and completed in all respects as if this Act had not been passed.

The SCHEDULE.

A description or citation of a portion of an Act is inclusive of the words referred to as forming the beginning or the end of the portion comprised.

[Short Title.]

Title or j Extent of Repeal.

The Solicitors Act, 1843. 1 [6 & 7 Vict. c. 73.] | In sections three and six the words "and i sworn "; and section three from " Provided always" to end of section; sections eight to eleven; section thirteen from "Provided that" to end of section; sections fourteen and nineteen; section twenty-one from " and such registrar " to "and Durham"; section thirty; and section forty-Bix.

The Colonial Attorneys Relief Act, 1857.

[20 & 21 Vict. c. 39.] Section five from "for the judges" to "solicitor also and, " and from " and not as an attorney " to the first " required, " and from " an attorney or solicitor " to " attorney and solicitor " and from " and if by any such" to first " after mentioned, " and from the second "to administer " to " taken and, " and the words "and they" and "or they" and "or them " wherever they occur, and the words "in the Court of Chancery " and " of such court."

The Solicitors Act, 1860.

[23 & 24 Vict. c. 127.] Section seven; section twelve from "as to the court" to "Westminster, " and from "by affidavit " to " otherwise, " and from " may proceed " to " allegiance and, " and the word "other before "Acts, "and the words "an attorney and"; section seventeen; and section thirty-two.

The Solicitors Act, 1877.

[40 & 41 Vict. c. 25.] Section seven; section nine from " In the meantime " to " appoint "; section twenty-three from with the qualification" to " of this Act"; and all the enactments specified in Part 11. of the Second Schedule.

The Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1881.

[44 & 45 Vict. c. 68.] Section twenty-four from " Provision " to end of section.

1888. Friendly Societies Act, 1888. Ch. 66. 540

CHAPTER 66.

An Act to amend the Friendly Societies Act, 1875, with reference to certain societies now subject to the provisions of section thirty of that Act.

[24th December 1888.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Where any friendly society, by reason of its being constituted Exemption so as to receive contributions by means of collectors at a greater from provision* distance than ten miles from its registered office, is subject to the ^e^riencUy of provisions of section thirty of the Friendly Societies Act, 1875, Societies herein-after called the principal Act, the chief registrar of friendly ^ct> 187, 1» societies, on being satisfied that the society has been so constituted 60; n ce^t* soleiy on bonA fide grounds of advantage or convenience to the tain cases, members thereof, may, on the application of the society, grant to such society a certificate of exemption from the provisions of the said section of the principal Act. Such certificate shall be subject to revocation by the chief registrar, but shall remain in force until revoked by him, and until notice of such revocation shall have been transmitted to and received by the society affected thereby, and so long as the certificate is in force the society shall be subject to all the provisions and entitled to all the privileges of the Friendly Societies Acts, as if it were a society within the definitions of section eight of the principal Act not receiving contributions by means of collectors at a greater distance than ten miles from the registered office.

2. This Act shall be construed as one with the principal Act Construction and the Friendly Societies Act, 1887, and may be cited together *hort title-with them as the Friendly Societies Acts, and separately as the Friendly Societies Act, 1888.

APPENDIX AND INDEX.

CONTENTS.

1. Table of the Titles of the Local and Private Acts

PASSED DURING THE SESSION.

2. List of the Local and Private Acts, arranged in

Classes.

3. Tables showing the Effect of the Year’s Legisla-

tion.

4. Index to the Public General Statutes.

553

TABLE

OF

The Titles of the Local and Private Acts passed during the Session.

LOCAL ACTS.

The Titles to which the Letter P. is are Public Acts of a Local Character.

i. AN Act to confer further powers upon the Fylde Water-works Company.

ii. An Act to amend Lloyd’s Act, 1871.

iii. An Act tTo extend $he time for purchasing Lands and completing the Railways hnd Works authorised by the Columbia Market Act, 1885.

iv. An Act for the abandonment of the Billingbay and Methering-ham (Light) Railway.

V. An Act for conferring additional powers on the South Indian Railway Company and for other purposes.

vi. An Act to confer further powers on the Company of Proprietors of the Kent Waterworks.

vii. An Act for the Reduction of the nominal Capital of the Assam Company and to enable the Company to raise Money by Mortgage.

viii. An Act for the abandonment of the Isle of Axholme Railway.

ix. An Act to make further provisions with respect to the Superannuation Fund for the Police of the three divisions or parts of Lindsey Kesteven and Holland in the county of Lincoln.

X. An Act for the abandonment of the Uxbridge and Rickmansworth Railway.

xi. An Act to authorise the Construction by the Corporation of Blackburn of new Tramways a new Street and Street Improvements and to extend the Time for Construction of the authorised Tramways and for the Abandonment of a portion of the authorised Tramways and for other purposes connected with the Tramways Undertaking of the Corporation of Blackburn.

xii. An Act to authorise the construction of additional Works and to extend the time for completing certain authorised Works at Newhaven Harbour.

554

51 & 52 VICT.

Table of the Statutes.

xiii. An Act to amend the Govan Burgh Act, 1878; and to enable the Commissioners of Police of the burgh of Govan, in the county of Lanark, to apply certain funds arising under that Act to the maintenance of a public Park now vested in them, and to the erection and maintenance of public Halls and other buildings for the said burgh; and for other purposes.

xiv. An Act for granting further Powers to the Clifton Suspension Bridge Company and for other purposes.

xv. An Act tore-incorporate with further powers the Draycott Gas Company Limited.

xvi. An Act to authorize the Brymbo Water Company to construct additional Waterworks in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint; and for other purposes.

xvii. An Act to confer further powers on the London Brighton and South Coast Railway Company and for other purposes.

xviii. An Act to amend the Buenos Ayres and Ensenada Port Railway Company’s Act 1884 and to make further provision with reference to the Company’s Capital and for other purposes.

xix. An Act for making provision for an additional supply of Water to the City of Perth and the Suburbs thereof and for the acquisition of Lands for the storage of Gas in the said City and for other purposes.

xx. An Act to amend the Clyde Navigation Acts, with respect to the Election of Trustees by Shipowners and Ratepayers; and for other purposes.

xxi. An Act for amending the Act incorporating the Life Association of Scotland, and the Contract of Copartner, and Royal Charter of that Association; for enlarging their powers of investment; and for other purposes.

xxii. An Act to extend the Powers of the Holsworthy and Bude Railway Company for completion of their authorised railway and for other purposes.

xxiii. An Act to confer further powers on the Corporation of Glasgow in relation to their Gas undertaking; their Municipal Buildings; the Barony Church; Cathkin Park; Bazaar and other Markets; and for other purposes.

xxiv. An Act to enable the Barnstaple Water Company to construct additional Works and raise additional Capital; and for other purposes.

xxv. An Act for the granting of further powers to the Folkestone Waterworks Company.

xxvi. An Act to confer further powers upon the Brecon and Merthyr Tydfil Junction Railway Company.

xxvii. An Act to re-incorporate with further powers the Keswick Gaslight and Coke Company Limited.

xxviii. An Act to extend the time for completing the Folkestone Sandgate and Hythe Tramways and for other purposes.

xxix. An Act to empower the Lanarkshire and Ayrshire Railway Company to raise moneys by the issue of Debenture Stock and to enable the Caledonian Railway Company to make advances

1888. Local Acts, 555

to the Company by way of Loan or otherwise and for other purposes.

xxx. An Act to empower the Scarborough Bridlington and West Riding Junction Railways Company to abandon a portion of their authorised Railway No. 1 and to construct a new Railway instead thereof in the East Riding of the County of York; to extend the periods for the compulsory purchase of Lands for and for the completion of the remainder of their authorised Railways; to reduce the Capital of the Company, and for other purposes.

P. xxxi. An Act to confirm a Scheme under the Metropolitan Commons Act, 1866, and the Metropolitan Commons Amendment Act, 1869, relating to Farnborough Common, Broadstreet Green, Leach's Green and Green Street Green.

P. xxxii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for modifying the Metropolis (Whitechapel and Limehouse) Improvement Scheme, 1876.

P. xxxiii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Bangor and Warrenpoint.

xxxiv. An Act to authorise the Harrow and Stanmore Railway Company to deviate a portion of their authorised Railway; and for other purposes.

xxxv. An Act for the abandonment of the Chatham and Brorap-ton Tramways and for authorising the release of the deposit fund remaining deposited as security for the completion thereof.

xxxvi. An Act to provide for the establishment of an Infirmary in the Parish of Cathcart, to be called the Victoria Infirmary of Glasgow, and for the constitution and incorporation of Governors of that Institution, and the management of its affairs; to authorise the Trustees of the deceased Robert Couper of Millholm in that parish to transfer to the said Governors certain portions of his estate; and for other purposes.

xxxvii. An Act for the abandonment of the Ayr and District Tramways, and for authorising the repayment of the money deposited for securing the completion thereof.

xxxviii. An Act to define the Jurisdiction and to regulate the Proceedings of the Coroner of the City of London with regard to Inquests upon Fires within the said City.

p# xxxix, An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local

Government Board relating to the City of Coventry, the Rural Sanitary Districts of the Cockermouth and Shardlow Unions, and the City of Worcester.

P. xL An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Local Government District of Alfreton, the Borough of Cardiff, the Local Government Districts of Leadgate and Llanfrechfa Upper, the Port of Lowestoft, the Local Government Districts of Oswaldtwistle and South Gos-forth, and the Improvement Act District of Spalding.

556

51 &52 VICT.

Table of the Statutes.

P. xli. An Act to confirm certain Orders under the provisions of the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876, as amended and extended by the Poor Law Act, 1879, relating to the Parishes of Asheldam, Black Notley, Brad well near Cogges-hall, Cressing, Dengie, Fairstead, Feering, Goldhanger, Great Coggeshall, Great Totham, Kelvedon, Langford, Little Cogges-hall, Little Totham, Mayland, Pattiswicke, Purleigh, Rivenhall, Saint Lawrence, Saint MaryV, Saint Peter’s, Southminster, Steeple, Stisted, Stow Maries, Terling, Tollesbury, Tolleshunt D’Arcy, Tolleshunt Knights, Tolleshunt Major, Ulting, White Notley, and Wickham Bishop.

P. xlii. An Act to confirm certain Orders of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876, as amended and extended by the Poor Law Act, 1879, relating to the Townships of Foston, Hes-lerton West, Ideridgehay-and-Alton, Ireton Wood, Kirk Ireton, Scamston, Thornton-le-Clay, Thorp Bassett, and Yeddingham.

P. xliii. An Act to confirm certain Orders of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876, as amended and extended by the Poor Law Act, 1879, relating to the Parishes of Bamston, Bowers Gifford, Corringham, Downham, Dunton, Fobbing, Great Bardfield, Great Dunmow, High Easter, High Roothing, Laindon (two), Langdon Hills, Lee Chapel, Little Bardfield, Little Warley, Nevendon, Pitsea, Ramsden Bell House, and Vange.

xliv. An Act to authorise the Corporation of Halifax to make additional Waterworks and for other purposes.

xlv. An Act to authorise the Southampton Tramways Company to construct additional tramways and for other purposes.

xlvi. An Act for the division of the Parish of Barking into two distinct Parises for lay and civil purposes.

xlvii. An Act to enable the Forth Bridge Railway Company to raise additional Capital and for other purposes.

P. xlviii. An Act to confirm certain Orders of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876, as amended and extended by the Poor Law Act, 1879, relating to the Parishes of Aberflraw, Ceidio, Edeyrn, Llandogged, Llangadwaladr, Llanrhychwyn, Nevin, Trefriew, and Tydweiling; and to the Townships of Llanrwst and Tre Gwydir.

P. xlix. An Act to confirm certain Orders of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876, as amended and extended by the Poor Law Act, 1879, relating to the Parishes of Avington, Ber-stead, Brixton, Brook, Calbourne, Easton, Gatcombe, Itchen Abbas, Itchen Stoke, Kingston, Saint Nicholas, Shalfleet, Sbor-well, and Thomham.

P. 1. An Act to confirm a Scheme under the Metropolitan Commons Act, 1806, and the Metropolitan Commons Amendment Act, 1869, relating to Chislehurst and St. Paul’s Cray Commons.

1888. Local Acts. 557

P. li. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867, relating to Denny and Dunipace Water.

lii. An Act to enable James Lewis & Son’s Liverpool Copper Wharf Company Limited to issue transferable certificates and warrants for the delivery of goods and for other purposes.

liii. An Act for conferring further Powers on the Plymouth and Dartmoor Railway Company for the construction of a new railway to Modbury and otherwise in relation to their Undertaking; and for other purposes.

liv. An Act to revive and extend the powers of the Porthdinlleyn Railway Company for the acquisition of lands for and the completion of their authorised Railway and for other purposes.

lv. An Act to confer further powers on the London Chatham and Dover Railway Company and for other purposes.

P. lvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State under the Metropolitan Police Act, 1886, relating to lands in the Parishes of St. Mary, Newington (Surrey), St. Pancras (Middlesex), St. Dunstan, Stepney (Middlesex), St. Mary Abbotts, Kensington (Middlesex), and Elstree (Hertford).

lvii. An Act to authorise the purchase of additional land for the tunnel authorised by the Thames Tunnel (Blackwall) Act 1887 and for other purposes.

lviii. An Act for supplying the borough of Helston the parish of Sithney and the town of Porthleven and neighbourhood with water.

lix. An Act to incorporate the Riddings District Gas Company to confer powers on them with reference to the acquisition construction and maintenance of works the supply of Gas and for other purposes.

lx. An Act to extend the time for the purchase of land for and completion of the Bexley Heath Railway and for other purposes.

P. lxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Boroughs of Bideford, Burton-upon-Trent, and Stratford-upon-Avon, and the Improvement Act District of Milford.

P. lxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Boroughs of Birkenhead and Stockton-on-Tees, the Local Government Districts of Cleck-heaton, Pickering, Rawmarsh, and Wallasey, and the Wirral Joint Hospital District.

P. lxiii. An Act to confirm certain Orders of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876, as amended ^and extended by the Poor Law Act, 1879, relating to the Parishes of Aldham, Barford-Saint-Michael, Birch, Chappel, Copford, Deddington, East Dony-land, Eastho’rpe, Fingringhoe, Fordham, Freyerning, Great Tey, Great Wigborough, Ingatestone, Inworth, Layer-Breton, Layer-de-la-Hay, Laver-Marney, Little Horksley, Little Tey, Little Wigborough, Marks Tey, Messing, Mount Bures, Peldon, Virley, Wakes Colne, West Bergholt, and Wormingford.

Table of the Statutes.

P. lxiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act, 1870, relating to Barrow-in-Furness Tramways, Birmingham and Western Districts Tramways, Bradford Corporation Tramways, Leeds Corporation Tramways, Newbury and Lamborne Tramway, Pontypridd and Rhondda Valley Tramways, and Stratford, Ilford, and Romford Tramways.

lxv. An Act to enable the Eastern and Midlands Railway Company to make new Railways in the counties of Lincoln and Rutland and for other purposes.

lxvi. An Act to enable the Eastern and Midlands Railway Company to abandon certain authorised railways and works to make a new railway and works and for other purposes.

lxvii. An Act to extend the time limited for the completion of the Docks and Works of and to confer further powers upon the Milford Docks Company and for other purposes.

lxviii. An Act to extend the times respectively limited for the compulsory purchase of Lands for and for the completion of the works authorised by the London and Blackwall Railway Act 1885 and to authorise the raising of additional capital; and for other purposes.

lxix. An Act to amend the London (City) Tithes (St. Botolph Without Aldgate) Act 1881, and to confer upon the Churchwardens and Tithe Owner respectively additional powers, rights, and privileges; and for other purposes.

lxx. An Act for authorising the Hamilton Waterworks Commissioners to make and maintain additional Waterworks and for other purposes.

lxxi. An Act for empowering the Midland Great Western Railway of Ireland Company to acquire the Undertakings of the Dublin and Meath Railway Company and of the Navan and Kingscourt Railway Company; and for other purposes.

P. lxxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board under the Highways and Locomotives (Amendment) Act, 1878, relating to the Counties of Durham, Hertford, and Westmorland.

P. lxxiii. An Act to confirm an Order of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Public Health Act, 1875, as amended by the Public Health (Ships, dec.) Act, 1885, relating to the Port of Dartmouth.

lxxiv. An Act to authorise the Hinckley Local Board to construct Waterworks for the supply of Water to their district and to parishes near thereto and for other purposes.

lxxv. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Henley-on-Thames Gas Company, lxxvi. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the supply of Water by the Stockton and Middlesbrough Water Board and to confer further powers on the said Board and for other purposes.

lxxvii. An Act for conferring further powers on the Wrexham Mold and Connah's Quay Railway Company; and for other purposes.

Local Acts.

lxxviii. An Act to authorise the London Street Tramways Company to construct additional Tramways and for other purposes.

lxxix. An Act to empower the Belfast Street Tramways Company to construct additional Tramways to raise further Money and for other purposes.

lxxx. An Act to confer further powers on the Manchester Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway Company in connection with their undertaking and for other purposes.

lxxxi. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Leeds White Cloth Hall to sell the same and to regulate the application of the purchase moneys:and for other purposes.

lxxxii. An Act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Newport in the county of Monmouth to purchase the undertaking of the Newport Waterworks Company and for other purposes.

lxxxiii. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Southeastern Railway Company and for other purposes.

lxxxiv. An Act for incorporating the Uckfield Water Company and conferring powers on them for the construction of works the supply of Water and for other purposes.

lxxxv. An Act for incorporating the South Lincolnshire Fen Water Company and empowering them to construct Works and supply Water and for other purposes.

lxxxvi. An Act for conferring further powers on the Wirral Railway Company and for other purposes.

lxxxvii. An Act to authorize the Cork and Bandon Railway Company to construct a Deviation Railway in substitution for a portion of their existing Railway; to raise further Capital by Debenture Stock; to consolidate their Preference Stocks; and for other purposes.

P. lxxxviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the providing of a Market Place for Vegetables and Fish, by the Urban Sanitary Authority of the City of Dublin.

P. Iyttit. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Coleraine, Longford, and Tandragee.

xc. An Act to empower the Owner of the Aberpergwm Estate in the county of Glamorgan to construct Bridges across the Neath Canal and for other purposes.

xci. An Act to revive and extend the time for the compulsory Purchase of Lands for and completion of the Railways authorised by the Seafield Dock and Railway Act 1883 and to alter the provisions of that Act relating to capital to change the name of the Seafield Dock and Railway Company and for other purposes.

xcii. An Act for making Lifts between Lynmouth and Lynton in the county of Devon and for other purposes.

xciii. An Act to authorise the North British Railway Company to construct a Railway in the City of Glasgow from the College Station of the Company to Bridgeton Cross; and for other proposes.

Table of the Statutes.

P. xciv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Poor Law Amendment Act, 1867, as amended by the Poor Law Amendment Act, 1868, and extended by the Poor Law Act, 1879, relating to the Parish of Saint Mary Abbotts, Kensington.

P. XCV. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act, 1870, relating to the Bolton and Suburban Tramways, Hartlepools Tramways, and Liverpool Corporation Tramways.

P. xcvi. An Act to confirm two Provisional Orders under the Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act, 1863, and the Acts amending the same, relating to the Ballycolliton Drainage District, in the County of Tipperary, and the Killard River Drainage District, in the County of Cork.

P. xcvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, relating to Herne Bay Water, Kettering Water, Mid Kent Water, and Wotton Estate Water.

xcviii. An Act to empower the Corporation of Lincoln to create and issue Consolidated Stock and for other purposes.

xcix. An Act to authorise the Aberdeen District Tramways Company to construct additional Tramways; to amend the Aberdeen District Tramways Act, 1872, and the Aberdeen District Tramways Extension Act, 1878; and for other purposes.

c. An Act for dissolving the Frodsham Gas Company, Limited, and for re-incorporating the Members thereof with others, and conferring powers on them for the supply of Gas and Water to the town of Frodsham and neighbourhood; and for other purposes.

P. ci. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Borough of Brighton and Town of Hove, the Darenth Valley Main Sewerage District, and the Local Government Districts of East Bamet Valley, Friera Barnet, and Herne Bay.

P. cii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Calverley, North Bierley Shipley and Windhill, and Thornton Joint Hospital Districts.

P. ciii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Improvement Act District of Bingley.

civ. An Act to enable the West Surrey Water Company to construct additional Works and raise additional Capital and for other purposes.

cv. An Act to extend the time limited for the compulsory purchase of lands for and the completion of certain Railways and to revive the powers for the construction of other Railways to confer further powers upon the Rhondda and Swansea Bay Railway Company and for other purposes.

cvi. An Act for dissolving the Limpsfield and Oxted Water Company (Limited) for re-incorporating the proprietors therein with

1888. Local Act561

others and for conferring powers on the Company so to be incorporated and for other purposes.

cvii. An Act to provide for the Administration and Government of the Hospital of Saint Mary the Virgin and of the Free Grammar and other Foundation Schools in Newcastle-upon-Tyne and for extending the objects of those charities.

P. cviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, relating to Mansfield Water, Mid-Sussex Water, Wimborne Minster Water, and Worksop Water.

cix. An Act to confer further powers on the Lanarkshire and Ayrshire Railway Company and for other purposes.

cx. An Act to incorporate a Company for the purpose of taking over and exercising by agreement with the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board the powers conferred on that Board by the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board (Overhead Railways) Acts 1882 and 1887 or some of them and for other purposes.

cxi. An Act to enable the Manchester Ship Canal Company to acquire additional Lands; and for other purposes.

cxii. An Act to extend the powers of the Latimer Road and Acton Railway Company.

cxiii. An Act to authorise the Trustees of the Port and Harbours of Greenock to make arrangements with reference to the financial affairs of the Trust; and for other purposes.

cxiv. An Act for conferring upon the Bute Docks Company additional powers In connexion with their docks and works at Cardiff for amending the Bute Docks Acts and for other purposes.

cxv. An Act to extend and enlarge the powers of the Liverpool and Birkenhead Subway Company.

cxvi. An Act to incorporate a public Trust for better supplying with Water the Burgh of Falkirk, and districts and places adjacent; and to make and maintain new and additional Waterworks; and for other purposes.

cxvii. An Act to authorise the Repeal of Rates and Duties now levied in the Port of Limerick and to authorise other Harbour Rates to be levied in lieu thereof and to authorise the Limerick Harbour Commissioners to borrow Money on the security of the said Rates and for other purposes.

cxviii. An Act to confer additional Powers upon the Midland Railway Company for the construction of Works and the acquisition of Lands for raising further Capital for vesting in that Company the powers of the Dore and Chinley Railway Company and for extending the time for the acquisition of Lands for and the construction of the Dore and Chinley Railway and for other purposes.

P. cxix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under "The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861," relating to Broadford, Clevedon, Cromer, Curran, Hopeman, Mill Point, Saint Ives, and Southbourne.

562 Table of the Statutes.

p. att. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Boroughs of Devonport, Okehampton, Ramsgate, and Sandwich, the Local Government District of Royton, and the Richmond Main Sewerage District.

P. cxxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Boroughs of Blackpool and Wigan, the Rural Sanitary District of the Chesterfield Union, and the Local Government District of Tredegar.

P. cxxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act, 1870, relating to Keighley Tramways, North Metropolitan Tramways, and South Birmingham Tramways.

P. cxxiii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act, 1870, to enable the School Board for Birmingham to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and the Acts amending the same.

P. cxxiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Ballymoney, Clones, and Tuam.

P. cxxv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, relating to Chigwell, Loughton, and Woodford Gas, Great Berkhampstead Gas, Hatfield Gas, Snodland Gas, and Swansea Gas.

P. cxxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, relating to Dursley Gas, King’s Lynn Gas, Littlehampton Gas, Oakham Gas, Poulton-le-Fylde Gas, and Worksop Gas.

P. cxxvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, relating to Goring and Streatley District Gas and Water, Sheringham Gas and Water, and Winchester Water and Gas.

cxxviii. An Act to authorise the repayment of the moneys deposited in respect of the railways authorised to be constructed by the Enniskillen, Bundoran and Sligo Railway (Donegal Extension), and Enniskillen and Bundoran Extension Railway (Abandonment) Act, 1879, and for other purposes.

cxxix. An Act to incorporate and authorise Commissioners to supply with Gas the city of Edinburgh, burgh of Leith, and districts and places adjacent; and to transfer to them the gasworks and gas undertakings of the Edinburgh Gas Light Company, and the Edinburgh and Leith Gas Light Company; and for other purposes.

cxxx. An Act to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of Lands for and for the completion of the Railways of the East and West Yorkshire Union Railways Company and for other purposes.

P. cxxxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Boroughs of Bolton, Heywood,

1888. Local Acts. 568

and Kingston-upon-Hull, and the Local Government District of Leigh.

P. cxxxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, and the Public Health Act, 1875, relating to the Local Government District of Croston and the Borough of Wilton.

P. cxxxiii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Boroughs of Aberystwyth and Leeds, the Hartlepool Joint Hospital District, the Improvement Act District of Lytham, and the Local Government Districts of Normanby, Openshaw, and Oswaldtwistle.

P. cxxxiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the City of Bath, the District of Bilston, the Local Government District of Saint Thomas-the-Apostle, and the Borough of Stoke-upon-Trent.

cxxxv. An Act to extend the time for constructing the Works of the London Sea Water Supply Company.

cxxxvi. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Rossendale Valley Tramways Company, and for other purposes.

cxxxvii. An Act for the acquisition by the Lagan Navigation Company of the Ulster Canal and the Tyrone Navigation or Coal Island Canal from the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland and for other purposes.

cxxxviii. An Act to authorise the making of a new Street from Whitehall to the Victoria Embankment in the city and liberty of the city of Westminster and for other purposes.

cxxxix. An Act to confer further Powers on the Lambourn Valley Railway Company.

cxl. An Act for conferring further Powers on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company with relation to their Undertaking and to enable them to acquire the Undertaking of the Bury and Tottington District Railway Company and to confer further Powers on the Halifax High Level and North and South Junction Railway Company with respect to their Undertaking and for other purposes.

cxli. An Act to extend the Powers of the North Cornwall Railway Company and for other purposes.

cxlii. An Act to authorise the mayor, aldermen, and burgesses of the borough of West Ham to create Corporation Stock, and for other purposes.

cxliii. An Act to authorise a working union of the undertakings of the London and Saint Katharine Docks Company and the East and West India Dock Company.

cxliv. An Act to authorise the London Tramways Company (Limited) to extend their existing tramway system to Tooting and for other purposes.

cxlv. An Act to authorise the Manchester Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway Company to make new railways to confer further powers on the Company in connection with their undertaking and for other purposes.

564 Table of the Stat utes.

cxlvi. An Act to confer further powers upon the Local Board for the district of Nelson in the county of Lancaster with respect to their waterworks and gasworks undertakings and works for sewage disposal and for preventing the spread of infectious diseases; and for other purposes.

cxlvii. An Act to confer further powers on the Didcot Newbury and Southampton Railway Company and for other purposes.

cxlviii. An Act to authorise the construction of new and widening of existing Streets and the taking of Lands in the parish of Saint Mary Abbotts Kensington in the county of Middlesex and for other purposes.

cxlix. An Act to authorise the Bristol Port Railway and Pier Company to raise further money by Debenture Stock.

cl. An Act to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of Lands and for completing the Manchester Middleton and District Tramways and for other purposes.

cli. An Act to amend the Hampstead Heath Enlargement Act 1886.

clii. An Act to provide for the pulling down of the Chapel of Saint John the Baptist in Epping and building a new Church and constituting such new Church the Parish Church of Epping in lieu of the existing Parish Church; and for other purposes.

cliii. An Act for the granting of further powers to the Bristol Waterworks Company; and for other purposes.

cliv. An Act to empower the Hexham Local Board to make Waterworks and supply Water and for other purposes.

clv. An Act to extend the Boundaries of the Borough of Lancaster to confer further powers upon the Corporation of Lancaster with respect to their Gas and Water Undertakings and with respect to Street Improvements to make further provision for the good Government of the Borough and for other purposes.

clvi. An Act to confer powers on the Metropolitan Board of Works with respect to the improvement of Streets and Bridges the providing and extending of Recreation Grounds and for other purposes.

clvii. An Act to extend the limits within which the Staffordshire Potteries Waterworks Company may supply Water and to empower them to construct additional Works to raise additional Capital and for other purposes.

clviii. An Act to confer further powers on the London Tilbury and Southend Railway Company.

P. clix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order for the Regulation of Therfield Heath and Greens, situated in the parish of Therfield, in the county of Hertford, in pursuance of a report from the Land Commissioners for England.

clx. An Act to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of Lands and for completing the Worcester and Broom Railway.

clxi. An Act to alter certain works authorised by the Manchester Ship Canal Act 1885; and to alter the Boundaries between the Townships of Stretford and Salford and the Borough of Salford and the District of the Local Board of Stretford; and for other purposes.

1888. Local Acts. 565

clxii. An Act to amend the Free Church Ministers* Widows’ and Orphans’ Fund Act, 1851; to extend the benefits of the Fund to the Widows and Orphans of Missionaries of the said Church labouring beyond the United Kingdom; and for other purposes.

clxiii. An Act to authorise the construction by the North British Railway Company of a railway from their South Queensferry Branch to their Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway; the maintenance of other railways; the purchase of additional lands; the amalgamation of the North Monkland Railways Company; the lease of the Newport Railway; and for other purposes.

clxiv. An Act to confer further powers on the Yale of Clyde Tramways Company; and for other purposes.

P. clxv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act, 1870, to enable the School Board for London to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and the Acts amending the same.

P. clxvi. An Act to confirm an Order made by the Secretary for Scotland under the Sea Fisheries Act, 1868, relating to the West Loch Tarbert Oyster and Mussel Fisheries.

P. clxvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Borough of Wolverhampton.

clxviii. An Act to make provision with reference to the arrears of dividend on the preference shares in the capital of the Alabama Great Southern Railway Company Limited.

clxix. An Act to provide for the cancelling of a bond entered into under the Bristol Port Extension Railways Act 1864.

P. clxx. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Torquay, and Tralee and Fenit.

clxxi. An Act to extend the powers of the Greenwich and Millwall Subway Company for the completion of their authorised Subway, and for other purposes.

clxxii. An Act to incorporate and to confer powers upon the Brighton Marine Palace and Pier Company and for other purposes.

clxxiii. An Act for enabling the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Preston to deviate certain of the works authorised by the Ribble Navigation and Preston Dock Act 1883 and for extending the said borough and for other purposes.

clxxiv. An Act to authorise the acquisition of a House and Grounds known as Raleigh House and other Property at Brixton Hill in the county of Surrey and the Preservation thereof for Public Purposes.

clxxv. An Act for enabling the Local Board of Health for the district of the borough of Llanelly to sell certain estates vested in them as trustees to appropriate for public purposes the sites of certain institutions vested in them as trustees on reinstating such institutions elsewhere and for altering the periods for the repayment of certain borrowed moneys making better provision for the health and government of the district; and for other purposes.

566 Table of the Statutes.

clxxvi. An Act for conferring further powers upon the London and North-western Railway Company in relation to their own undertaking and other undertakings in which they are interested jointly with other Companies and also for conferring powers upon the Great Western Railway Company the Midland Railway Company and other Railway Companies in relation to such other undertakings for dissolving the North Union Railway Company and the Preston and Wyre Railway Harbour and Dock Company and for appointing a joint committee of the Company and the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company and for other purposes.

clxxvii. An Act to authorise the Rhymney Railway Company to make new Railways to confer further powers on the Company in connexion with their Undertaking; and for other purposes.

clxxviii. An Act to authorise the acquisition of the Lawn and Carroun House, Lambeth, and its utilization for public purposes.

clxxix. An Act to authorise the Corporation of the Borough of West Ham to construct certain Improvements and other works and to make provision for the transfer to such Corporation of the jurisdiction within the said borough of the Commissioners of Sewers for Havering Dagenham and other levels and for the good government of the borough to enable the said Corporation to borrow money and for other purposes.

---

clxxx. An Act to confer further Powers on the Plymouth Devonport and South Western Junction Railway Company.

clxxxi. An Act to revive the powers and extend the periods for the compulsory purchase of Lands and for the construction of the Railway authorised by the Henley-in-Arden and Great Western Junction Railway Act 1873 and the Henley-in-Arden and Great Western Junction Railway (Revival of Powers) Act 1884 and for other purposes.

clxxxii. An Act to enable the Barry Dock and Railways Company to purchase additional lands and make certain works near Barry Island and for other purposes.

clxxxiii. An Act to confer further powers on the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Kingston-upon-Thames for the improvement and good government of the borough and for other purposes.

clxxxiv. An Act for making Railways in the County of Middlesex, to be called the Metropolitan Outer Circle Railway and for other purposes.

clxxxv. An Act to authorise the abandonment of the Railway authorised by the Oxford Aylesbury and Metropolitan Junction Railway Act 1883 and the construction of a Tramroad instead thereof.

clxxxvi. An Act for making Tramways in the parishes of Lewisham and Greenwich, in the county of Kent; and for other purposes.

clxxxvii. An Act to divide the District of the Local Board of Health of Tottenham in the County of Middlesex and for other purposes.

clxxxviii. An Act for authorising the Cheadle Railway Mineral and Land Company Limited to construct a Railway in the Parishes of Draycott-in-the-Moors and Cheadle in the County of Stafford; and for other purposes.

clxxxix. An Act for incorporating the Chesham Boxmoor and Hemel Hempsted Steam Tramways Company and empowering them to construct tramways; and for other purposes.

cxc. An Act to revive and extend the powers for the compulsory purchase of Lands granted by the Medina Subway Act 1884 for the purposes of the subway authorised by that Act.

cxci. An Act for making a Railway to be called "the Colling-bourne and Avon Valley Railway," and for other purposes.

cxcii. An Act to incorporate the Shropshire Railways Company to empower them to acquire the Potteries Shrewsbury and North Wales Railway and to construct further railways and for other purposes.

P. cxciii. An Act for the abolition of the Forest of Dean Turnpike Trust.

cxciv. An Act to authorise the construction of Railways from the Dalmarnock Branch of the Caledonian Railway to Maryhill with Branches to the Railway Depots at Stobcross, and other Works in connection therewith; and for other purposes.

cxcv. An Act for conferring further powers on the Bridgewater Railway Company.

cxcvi. An Act to extend the Time for purchasing Land and completing the Llangammarch and Neath and Brecon Junction Railway.

cxcvii. An Act to extend the time for the purchase of Lands and for the completion of the Wrexham and Ellesmere Railway; and for other purposes.

cxcviii. An Act for making further provision respecting the capital and undertaking of the Mersey Railway Company and for other purposes.

P. cxcix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867, relating to Kirkliston, Dalmeny, and South Queensferry Water.

cc. An Act for the abandonment of the Rotherham and Bawtry Railway.

cci. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Great Western Railway Company in connexion with their own and other undertakings and upon them and other companies in connexion with undertakings in which they are jointly interested for vesting in the Great Western Railway Company the undertakings of the Leominster and Bromyard and the Worcester Bromyard and Leominster Railway Companies and the powers of the Kingsbridge and Salcombe Railway Company and for authorising and confirming agreements with other Railway Companies and for other purposes.

ccii. An Act to incorporate a company for the construction of Railways between Southall and Edgware in the county of Middlesex to be called the Great Western and Great Northern Junction Railway; and for other purposes.

PRIVATE ACT,

PRINTED BY THE QUEEN’S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

1. AN Act to authorise the raising of a sum of Money on the Settle Estates of the Earl of Winchilsea and Nottingham and for other purposes relating thereto.

PRIVATE ACT,

NOT PRINTED.

AN Act to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Watson Joynt of Ballina in the County of Mayo Ireland newspaper proprietor with Charlotte Barker Joynt his now wife and to enable him to marry again and for other purposes.

[List of Acts in classes removed.]

583

TABLES

SHOWING

THE EFFECT OF THE YEAR’S LEGISLATION.

Table A. — Acts of 51 & 52 Vict, (in order of Chapter), showing their effect on former Acts.

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions (in chronological order) Repealed and Amended by Acts of 51 & 52 Vict.

(A.)

Acts of 51 & 52 Vict, (in order of Chapter), showing their effect on former Acts.

---

Ch.

1. Consolidated Fund (No. 1) (11, 810, 502/. 7*. 4d.) fu.K.'1

2. National Debt (Conversion) [U.K.]

Reduces the rate of interest on the National Debt.

Applies 22 & 24 Vict. c. 71., National Debt Art, 1870.

3. Statute Law Revision [U.K.]

Repeals the enactments in the Schedule to the Act.

4. Army (Annual) [U.K.]

Continues, and amends, 44 & 45 Vict. c. 58., Army Act, 1881. also Ctl 81.]

5. Ottde and Roeilkund Railway Purchase [India.]

Empowers the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise money in the United Kingdom for the purchase of the said railway, &c. Applies s. 4 of 5 & (j Will. 4. o. 64., Duties of Stamps, «vc.

Extends to capital stock under Act s. 22 of 22 & 22 Vict. c. 35. (Law of Property) and 26 & 27 Vict. c. 73. (India Stock).

6. Metropolitan Board (Commission) [E.]

7. Isle of Man (Customs) [E.]

8. Customs and Inland Revenue [U.K.]

Customs:

Continues Import Duties on tea (the pound).

Levies additional Import Duties on wine in bottles.

Excise:

Alters duties upon carriages.

Reduces duties upon hawkers’ licences.

Amends 24 & 25 Vict. c. 21. (Excise) and 30 & 31 Vict. c. 90. (Inland Revenne).

[roniinnerf on next page.

51 & 52 Vict.

584 Effect of Le

Table A. — Acts of 51 & 52 Vict, (in order of Chapter), &c. — continued.

Ch.

8. Customs and Inland Revenue [U.K.] — .

Stamps:

Charge of duties on capital of limited liability companies, he. Amends 33 & 34 Vict. c. 97., Stamp Act, 1870.

Succession Duty:

Charge of additional Succession Duty.

Income Tax:

Grants duties of Income Tax, and applies former Acts as amended. Repeals the following enactments:

S. 18 in part, and s. 19 in part, of 32 & 33 Vict. c. 14., Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1869.

S. 5 of 34 & 35 Vict. c. 4., Stamp Act, 1871.

S. 26 of 41 & 42 Vict. c. 15., Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1878.

S. 7 of 46 & 47 Vict. c. 10., Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1883.

8. 14 of 46 & 47 Vict. c. 55., Revenue Act, 1883.

Ss. 3 and of 47 & 48 Vict. c. 25., Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1884.

9. Roads and Bridges (Scotland) Act, 1878, Amendment [S.]

10. County Electors [E.]

Amends ss. 62 and 63, and repeals s. 59, of 6 & 7 Vict. c. 18., Parliamentary Voters Registration Act, 1843.

Repeals s. 4 of 49 & 50 Vict. c. 42., Revising Barristers Act, 1886;

and perpetuates that Act as amended.

Applies, and to be construed with, the Registration of Electors Acts. Applies s. 21 of 41 & 42 Vict. c. 26., Parliamentary and municipal Registration Act, 1878.

Applies ss. 45, 48, 49, and 71, and extends ss. 9, 31, 33, and 63, of 45 & 46 Vict 46 Vict. c. 50., Municipal Corporations Act, 1882.

Varies power of revising barrister to erase name of parliamentary voter under s. 4 of 48 & 49 Vict. c. 15., Registration Act, 1885.

11. Westminster Abbey [E.]

Makes further provision for the restoration and repair of Westminster Abbey.

Applies ss. 5, 7, and 8 of 31 & 32 Vict. c. 114., Ecclesiastical Commission Act, 1868.

12. Electbic Lighting [U.K.]

Amends, and to be construed with, 45 & 46 Vict. c. 56., Electric Lighting Act, 1882.

13. Land Law (Ireland) [I.]

Amends s. 1 of 50 & 51 Vict. c. 33., Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1887, which Act is to be read as if the present Act were incorporated therein.

14. Customs (Wine Duty) [U.K.]

Amends 51 & 52 Vict. c. 8., Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1888. Ss. 6 and 7 to be read as if they were part of 39 & 40 Vict. c. 3G., Customs Consolidation Act, 1876.

15. National Debt (Supplemental) [U.K.]

Amends 10 Geo. 4. c. 24., Government Annuities Act, 1829.

Repeals s. 3 of 36 & 37 Vict. c. 44., Government Annuities Act, 1873.

, s. 2 of 43 & 41 Vict. c. 36., Savings Banks Act, 1880.

Adapts 46 & 47 Vict. c. 54., National Debt Act, 1883, to purposes of 51 & 52 Vict. c. 2., National Debt (Conversion) Act, 1888.

Applies s. 27 of 51 & 52 Vict. c. 2., National Debt (Conversion) Act, 1888, to Scotch trusts.

1888. Effect of Legislation. 585

Table A. — Acts of 51 & 52 Vict, (in order of Chapter), &c. —

Cii.

16. Consolidated Fund (No. 2) (5, 570, 712?.) [U.K.]

17. Copyright (Musical Compositions) [U.K.]

Amends the Law of Copyright relating to the recovery of Penalties.

, 3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 15., Copyright.

Repeals s. 4 of 45 & 46 Vict. c. 40., Copyright (Musical Compositions) Act, 1882.

18. North Sea Fisheries [U.K.]

To carry into effect an International Convention respecting the Liquor Traffic in the North Sea.

Applies 46 & 47 Vict. c. 22., Sea Fisheries Act, 1883.

10. Inebriates [U.K.]

Amends, and to be construed with, 42 & 43 Vict. c. 19., Habitual Drunkards Act, 1879.

20. Glebe Lands [E.]

Amends s. 1 of 21 & 22 Vict 22 Vict. c. 57., Ecclesiastical Leasing Act, 1858. Applies certain provisions of 45 & 46 Vict. c. 38., Settled Land Act, 1882.

21. Law op Distress Amendment [E.]

Amends 2 W. & M. c. 5., Distress.

Repeals ss. 49 to 52 of 10 & 47 Vict. c. 61., Agricultural Holdings (England) Act, 1883.

22. Factory and Workshop Amendment (Scotland) [S.]

Amends sub-section 2 of s. 105 of 41 & 42 Vict. c. 16., Factory and Workshop Act, 1878.

23. Recorders, Magistrates, and Clerks op the Peace [U.K.]

Makes better provision for the appointment of Deputies.

24. Merchant Shipping (Life-saving Appliances) [U.K.]

Repeals 17 & 18 Vict. c. 104. in part, Merchant Shipping Act, 1854.

, s. 15 of 36 & 37 Vict. c. 85., Merchant Shipping Act, 1873.

, 18 & 19 Vict. c. 119. in part, Passengers Act, 1855.

25. Railway and Canal Traffic [U.K.]

Amends, repeals in part, and applies 36 & 37 Vict. c. 48., Regulation of Railways Act, 1873, and the Acts amending it.

, and applies 17 & 18 Vict. c. 31., Railway and Oanal Traffic Act, 1854.

, s. 16 of 31 & 32 Vict. c. 119., Regulation of Railways Act, 1868.

, s. 8 of 37 & 38 Vict 38 Vict. c. 40., Board of Trade Arbitrations, &c. Act, 1874.

Applies ss. 11 to 26 of 13 & 14 Vict. c. xxxiii., Railway Clearing Act, 1850.

, s. 9 of 34 & 35 Vict. c. 78., Railways Regulation Act, 1871.

, 38 & 39 Vict. c. 83., Local Loans Act, 1875.

, 41 & 42 Vict. c. 52., Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878.

26. Consolidated Fund (No. 3) (20, 693, 375?.) [U.K.]

27. Supreme Court of Judicature (Ireland) Amendment [I.]

Amends, and to be construed with, 40 & 41 Vict. c. 57., Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Ireland), 1877.

28. Marriages Validation [U.K.j

Removes doubts as to the validity of certain Marriages.

586 Effect of Legislation. 51 & 52 VICT.

Table A. — Acts of 51 & 52 Vict, (in order of Chapter), &c. — continued.

Ch.

29. Lloyd’s Signal Stations [U.K.

Incorporates the Lands Clauses Acts.

Applies 17 & 18 Vict. r. 104., Merchant Shipping Act, 1854.

30. Fishery (Ireland) [1.]

Applies s. 91 of 5 & 6 Vict. c. 106., Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 184*2.

31. National Defence [U.K.]

Repeals Geo. 3. c. 54. in j>art, Yeomanry and Volunteers, Great Britain.

, s. 16 in part of 36 & 37 Vict. c. 77., Naval Artillery Volunteers Act, 1873.

Amends s. 115 of 44 & 45 Vict. c. 58., Army Act, 1881.

Applies ss. 18 to 25 of 45 & 46 Vict. c. 49., Militia Act, 1882.

32. Imperial Defence [U.K.]

Applies 29 A30 Vict. c. 25., Exchequer Bills and Bonds Act, 1866.

, 29 & 30 Vict. c. 39., Exchequer and Andit Departments Act,

, 1866.

33. Hawkers 'U.K.

Repeals (with proviso) the following enactments:—

50 Geo. 3. c. 41., Hawkers and Pedlars.

52 Geo. 3. c. 108., Hawkers and Pedlars.

55 Gee. 3. c. 19. in part, Excite, Ac., Ireland.

55 Geo. 3. c. 71., Hawkers and Pedlars, Scotland.

6 Geo. 4. c. 81. s. 35, Excise Licences, See., Great Britain and Ireland.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 36. ss. 3 and 4, Stamp Duties Act, 1859.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 111. b. 21, Stamp Duties, No. 2, Act, 1860.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 21. ss. 6, 7, and 9, Excise and Stamps AH. 1861.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 18. Sched. (B.) in part, Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1864.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 50. s. 6 in part, and s. 7, Inland Revenue (Stamp Duties) Act, 1864.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 96. s. 18, Inland Revenne Act, 1865.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 64. ss. 11 and 13, Inland Revenue Act, 1866.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 8. sub-sec. 1 of s. 9, Customs and Iulaud Revenue Act, 1888.

Applies Excise Acts.

34. Municipal Local Bills (Ireland) [I.]

35. Special Commission [U.K.]

Constitutes a Special Commission to inquire into tho charges and allegations made against certain Members of Parliament, &c.

36. Bail (Scotland) [S.]

Repeals, so far as relates to bail, the Act of William the Third passed in 1701, for preventing wrongous imprisonment, &c.

, 39 Geo. 3. c. 49. (Bail (Scotland)), and all other Acts, in so

far as they limit the amount of bail.

37. Timber (Ireland) [I.j

Amends and extends Act of Irish Parliament, 23 & 24 Geo. 3. c. 39., Timber Trees.

Applies s. 4 of 33 & 34 Vict. c. 46., Landlord and Tenant (Ireland) Act, 1870.

587

1888.

Effect of Legislation.

Table A. — Acts of 51 & 52 Vict, (in order of Chapter), &c. — continued.

Cn.

38. Expiring Laws Continuance [U.K.]

Continues (as specified in Schedule) the following Acts, a.ul any repealed enactments amending the same; viz.:—

3 & 4 Vict. c. 89., Poor Rates (Stock in Trade Exemption).

4 & 5 Vict. c. 30., Survey of Great Britain.

4 A5 Vict. c. 35., Land Commissioners.

4 A5 Vict. c. 59., Application of Highway Bates to Turnpike Roads.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 98., Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 32., County Cess (Ireland).

14 & 15 Vict. c. 104., Episcopal and Capitular Estates Management.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 102., Corrupt Practices Prevention.

23 & 21 Vict. c. 19., Dwellings for Labouring Classes (Ireland).

24 & 25 Vict. c. 109., Salmon Fishery (England).

26 & 27 Vict. c. 105., Promissory Note.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 20., Promissory Nolcs, &c. (Ireland).

28 & 29 Vict. c. 46., Militia Ballots Suspension.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 83., Locomotives on Roads.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 52., Prosecution Expenses.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 125., Parliamentary Elections.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 21., Election Commissioners Expenses.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 112., Glebe Loans (Ireland).

34 & 35 Vict. c. 87., Sunday Observance Prosecutions.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 33., Parliamentary and Municipal Elections (Ballot).

38 & 39 Vict. c. 48., Police Expenses.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 84., Returning Officers Expenses.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 21., Juries (Ireland).

41 & 42 Vict. c. 41., Returning Officers Expenses (Scotland).

41 & 42 Vict. c. 72., Sale of Liquors on Sunday (Ireland).

43 Vict. c. 18., Parliamentary Elections.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 59., Educational Endowments (Scotland).

46 & 47 Vict. c. 35., Diseases Prevention, Metropolis.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 51., Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention.

47 & 48 Vict. c. 70., Municipal Elections (Corrupt and Illegal Practices).

44 & 45 Vict. c. 49., Land Law (Ireland).

48 & 49 Vict. c. 73., Purchase of Land (Ireland).

49 & 50 Vict. c. 55., Shop Honrs Regulation.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 56., Endowed Schools (Schemes).

48 & 49 Vict. c. 78., Educational Endowments (Ireland).

OQ T^irUT TP WflBlTfi TiGAVQ TTT TT 1

Grants 2,000,0007. for Public Works Loans, and 1,000,0007. for Public Works Loans in Ireland.

Grants 30,0007. for loans by Fishery Board for Scotland.

Amends 43 & 44 Vict. c. 8., Isle of Man Loans Act, 1880.

Continues 48 & 49 Vict. c. 72. s. 6., Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1885, as to rate of interest on loans.

Extends 50 & 51 Vict. c. 33. ss. 24 to 27, Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1887, as to commencement of reduction of annuity.

Provides for apportionment of land improvement and drainage

s 50 & 51 Vict. c. 16., National Debt and Local Loans Act,

Enacts that certain debts specified in Schedule shall not be reckoned as assets of Local Loans Fund.

5 A 6 Will. 4. c. 27., Linen, &c. Manufactures (Ireland).

charges.

58S Effect of Legislation. 51 & 52 Vict.

Table A. — Acts of 51 & 52 Vict. (in order of Chapter), &c

Cir.

40. Metropolitan Board op Works (Money) [E.]

Amends 50 & 51 Vict. c. 31., Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1887.

Act to be construed with Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Acts, 1869 to 1871, and Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Acts, 1875 to 1887.

Applies Main Drainage Acts.

, 18 & 19 Vict. c. 120., Metropolis Management Act, 1855.

, 46 & 47 Vict 47 Vict. c. 27., Metropolitan Board of Works (Money)

Act, 1883.

Incorporates sections 27 to 43 of 48 & 49 Vict. c. 50., Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1885.

Empowers Board to expend moneys for purposes described in First Schedule.

41. Local Government [E.]

Repeals 44 & 45 Vict. c. 72., Highways and Locomotives Amendment Act, 1881.

, 50 & 51 Vict. c. 71. in part, Coroners.

, (with proviso) all enactments inconsistent with Act.

Amends 4 & 5 Will 4. c. 36., Central Criminal Court Act, 1834.

" L&&823 Vict.* lh., } Crim Justice, Middlesex.

, s. 7, and applies s. 18, of 19 & 20 Vict. c. 69., County and Borough Police Act, 1856.

, 32 & 33 Vict. c. 67., Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869.

, 37 & 38 Vict. c. 7., Middlesex Sessions.

, and applies 41 <fc 42 Vict. c. 77., Highways and Locomotives (Amendment) Act, 1878.

, First Sched. of 42 & 43 Vict. c. 6., District Auditors Act, 1879.

, and applies 45 & 46 Vict. c. 50., Municipal Corporations Act, 1882.

, 51 & 52 Vict. c. 10., County Electors Act, 1888.

Extends 35 & 36 Vict. c. 91., Municipal Corporations Act, 1872.

Adapts Lunatic Asylums Acts.

Applies 6 Geo. 4. c. 50., County Juries Act, 1825.

, 8 & 9 Vict. c. 18., Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845.

, 31 & 32 Vict. c. 119., Regulation of Railways Act, 1868.

, s. 6 of 35 & 36 Vict. c. 33., Ballot Act, 1872.

, and extends 38 & 39 Vict. c. 55., Public Health Act, 1875.

, 38 & 39 Vict. c. 83., Local Loans Act, 1875.

, as. 4 to 7 of 38 & 39 Vict 39 Vict. c. 84., Parliamentary Elections

(Returning Officers) Act, 1875 (as amended by 49 & 50 Vict. c. 57.)

, 48 & 49 Vict. c. 10., Elections (Hours of Poll) Act, 1885.

, 48 & 49 Vict. c. 15., Registration Act, 1885.

, Militia Acts to County of London.

42. Mortmain and Charitable Uses [E.]

Substitutes provisions of Act for corresponding repealed enactments. Repeals the following enactments: —

7 Edw. 1., Statut’ de Viris Bdigiosis.

13 Edw. 1. c. 32., Mortmain.

18 Edw. 3. st. 3. c. 3., Mortmain.

15 Ric. 2. c. 5., Churchyard: Mortmain.

23 Hen. 8. c. 10., Mortmain: Superstitious Uses.

43 Eliz. c. 4., Charities.

7 & 8 Will. 3. c. 37., Mortmain.

9 Geo. 2. c. 36., except part of s. 5, Charities.

9 Geo. 4. c. 85., Charities.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 9., Conveyance of Land for Charitable Uses.

[continued on next page.

1888. Effect of Legislatio581)

Table A. — Acts of 51 & 52 Vict, (in order of Chapter), &c. — continued.

Ch.

42. Mortmain and Charitable Uses E.] —

Enactments repealed — eontintied.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 17., Conveyance of Land for C’haritablo Uses.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 12., Charitable Assurances Enrolments, &c.

29 & 20 Vict. c. 57., Charitable Trusts.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 44. ss. 1 and 2, Sites of Religious, &c. Buildings.

21 & 25 Vict. c. 12., Public Parks, &c.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 21. s. 12., Charitable Trustees Incorporation.

Applies 28 & 29 Vict. c. 87., Laud Transfer Act, 1875.

43. County Courts [E.j

Repeals (with proviso) the following enactments: —

9 & 10 Vict. c. 95.,]

12 & 13 Vict. c. 101.,

13 & 14 Vict. c. 61.,

15 & 16 Vict. c. 54.,

19 & 20 Vict. c. 108.,

20 A21 Vict. c. 20.,

21 & 22 Vict. c. 74.,

22 Vict. c. 8., ^County Courts Acts, 1816 to 1887.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 99. s. 4, I

28 & 29 Vict. c. 99.,

29 & 30 Vict. c. 14., i

30 & 31 Vict. c. 142.,

38 A39 Vict. c. 50.,

45 & 46 Vict. c. 57., I 50 A-5LVict. c. 3., J Makos provision as to City of London Court.

As to construction of Acts referring to County Courts.

41. Local Bankruptcy (Ireland) [I.]

Applies 35 & 36 Vict. c. 57., Debtors Act (Ireland), 1872.

, 42 & 43 Vict. c. 58., Public Offices Fees Act, 1879.

45. Victoria University [E.]

Extends the privileges of the Graduates of the Victoria University.

46. Oaths ]U.K.]

Repeals the following enactments: —

17 & 18 Vict. c. 125. s. 20, Common Law Procedure Act, 1854.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 102. ss. 23 and 24, Common Law Procedure Aanond-ment Act (Ireland), 1856.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 66., Criminal Proceedings Oath Relief, 1861.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 9., Affirmation (Scotland) Act, 1865.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 35. s. 8, Criminal Law Act, 1867.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 39., Jurors Affirmation (Scotland) Act, 1868.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 75. s. 3, Juries Act (Ireland), 1868.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 68. s. 4, Evidence Further Amendment Act, 1869.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 49., Evidence Amendment Act, 1870.

47. Law of Distress and Small Debts (Ireland) [I., with special provisions for the City of Dublin.]

Exempts certain goods from distress and execution.

Applies 41 & 42 Vict. c. 52., Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878.

48. Companies Clauses Consolidation [E. A I.]

Amends, and to be construed with, 8 & 9 Vict. c. 16., Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845.

49. Purchase op Land (Ireland) Amendment [1.]

Amends snb-section (r) of s. 2 of 48 & 49 Vict. c. 73., Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1885.

Applies 50 & 51 Vict. c. 16., National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887.

590 Effect of Lnjidntion.51 & 52 VICT.

Table A. — Acts of 51 & 52 Vict, (in order of Chapter), &c. — continued.

i'ii.

50. Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks [U.K.l

Amends 46 & 47 Vict. c. 57., Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks Act, 1883.

51. Land Charges Registration and Searches [E.]

Applies s. 35 of 24 & 25 Vict. c. 133., Land Drainage Act, 1861.

, s. 2 in part of 45 <fc 46 Vict. c. 39., Conveyancing Act, 1882.

, s. 29 of 46 & 47 Vict. c. 61., Agricultural Holdings (England) Act, 1883.

, 50 & 51 Vict. c. 57., Deeds of Arrangement Act, 1887.

52. Public Health (Buildings in Streets) [E.]

Amends, and to be construed with, 38 & 39 Vict. c. 55., Public Health Act, 1875.

53. Borough Funds (Ireland) ~L]

Repeals s. 142 of 10 & 11 Vict. c. 34., Towns Improvement Clauses Act, 1847.

54. Sea Fisheries Regulation, E.]

Repeals 44 & 45 Vict. c. 11., Sea Fisheries (Clam and Bait Beds) Act, 1881.

, 47 & 48 Vict. c. 26., Fisheries (Oyster, Crab, and Lobster) Act

(1877) Amendment Act, 1884.

55. Sand-G-rouse Protection [U.K.

56. Suffragans Nomination [E.]

Provides for other towns to be sees for Suffragans besides those named in 26 Hen. 8. c. 14., Suffragans.

57. Statute Law Revision (No. 2) [U.K.]

Repeals (subject to certain exceptions and qualifications) the enactments described in the Schedule to the Act.

58. Employers Liability Act, 1880, Continuance [U.K.]

Continues 43 & 44 Vict. c. 42., Employers Liability Act, 1880.

59. Trustees [E. & I.]

Amends the Law relating to the Duties, &c. of Trustees.

60. Probate Duties (Scotland and Ireland) [U.K.]

Assigns share of probate duty grant to Scotland and Ireland.

Applies s. 38 of 44 & 45 Vict. c. 12., Customs and Inland Revenue Act,

61. Appropriation [U.K.]

62. Preferential Payments in Bankruptcy [E. & S.]

Repeals 46 & 47 Vict. c. 28., Companies Act, 1883.

, sub-sections 1 and 2 of s. 40 of 46 & 47 Vict. c. 52., Bankruptcy Act, 1883.

, 49 & 50 Vict. c. 28., Bankruptcy (Agricultural Labourers *

Wages) Act, 1886.

63. Crofters Commission (Delegation of Powers) [S.]

Amends s. 23 of 49 & 50 Vict. c. 29., Crofters Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1886.

64. Law of Libel Amendment [E. & I.]

Amends and applies 44 & 45 Vict. c. 60., Newspaper Libel and Registration Act, 1881.

* Kxeept as repvrds its application to Ireland.

501

1888. Effect of Ley isUit ion.

Table A. — Acts of 51 & 52 Vict, (in order of Chapter), &c. — continued.

Ch.

65. Solicitors [E.]

Repeals 6 & 7 Vict. c. 73. in part, Solicitors Act, 1843.

, 20 & 21 Vict. c. 39. s. 5 in part, Colonial Attorneys Relief

Act, 1857.

, 23 & 24 Vict. c. 127. in part, Solicitors Act, 1860.

, 40 & 41 Vict. c. 25. in part, Solicitors Act, 1877.

, 44 & 45 Vict. c. 68. s. 24 in part, Supreme Court of Judicature

Act, 1881.

Applies 6 & 7 Vict. c. 73., Solicitors Act, 1843.

66. Fbibndly Societies [U.K.]

Amends s. 30 of 38 & 39 Vict. c. 60., Friendly Societies Act, 1875. Act to be construed with that Act and with 50 & 51 Vict. c. 56., Friendly Societies Act, 1887.

592

Effect of Legislation.

51 & 52 Vict.

(B.)

Acts of former Sessions (in Chronological Order) Repealed and Amended by Acts of 51 & 52 Vict.

(For enactments repealed by the Statute Revision Act (Chap. 3.)

and the Statute Lato Revision (No. 2) Act (Chap. 57.), see the Schedules to those Acts.)

Act repealed or amended. Subject-matter. How affected. Chapter of 51 & 52 Vict.

7 Edw. 1., Statut' de Viris Religiosis - 1 Repealed 42

13 Edw. 1. c. 32. - 1 Mortmain ... 1 Repealed 42

18 Edw. 3. st. 3. c. 3. 1 Mortmain - I Repealed 42

15 Hie. 2. c. 5. - Churchyard: Mortmain - Repealed 42

23 Hen. 8. c. 10. - Mortmain: Superstitious 1 Uses. Repealed 42

43 Eliz. c. 4. 1 Charities - j Repealed 42

2W. «&M. c. 5. - 1 Distress - Amended 21

7 & 8 Will. 3. c. 37. Mortmain - Repealed 42

9 Geo. 2. c. 36., except part of s. 5. Charities - j Repealed 42

23 & 24 Geo. 3. c. 39. 1 Timber Trees Amended 37

39 Geo. 3. c. 49. - j Bail (Scotland) | Repealed 36

4-1 Geo. 3. c. 54. - | Yeomanry and Volunteers, Great Britain. Repealed in part. 31

50 Geo. 3. c. 41. - Hawkers and Pedlars Repealed ! 33

52 Geo. 3. c. 108. Hawkers and Pedlars (Repealed 33

55 Geo. 3. c. 19. - Excise, &c., Ireland j Repealed in part. 33

, c. 71. - Hawkers and Pedlars, Scotland. Repealed 33

6 Geo. 4. c. 81. s. 35. Excise Licences, &c., Great Britain and Ireland. Repealed 33

9 Geo. 4. c. 85. - Charities - Repealed 42

10 Geo. 4. c. 24. - Government Annuities Act, 1829. Amended 15

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 15. Copyright - Central Criminal Court Act, 1834. Amended 17

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 36. Amended 41

6 & 7 Vict. c. 18. Parliamentary Voters Re-! gistration Act, 1843. Amended 10

, c. 73. Solicitors Act, 1843 1 Repealed in part. 65

7 & 8 Vict. c. 71. Criminal Justice, Middle- Amended 41

8 & 9 Vict. c. 16. 8GX» Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845. Amended 48

9 & 10 Vict. c. 95. County Courts Repealed 43

10 & 11 Vict. c. 34. s. 142 Towns Improvement Clauses Act, 1847. Repealed 53

12 & 13 Vict. c. 101. County Courts Repealed 43

13 & 14 Vict. c. 61. County Courts Repealed 43

15 & 16 Vict. c. 54. County Courts Repealed '13

17 & 18 Vict. c. 31. - Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1854. Amended 25

1888. Effect of Legislation. 593

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

Act repealed or amended. I Subject-matter. How affected. Chapter of 51 & 52 Vict.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 104. - Merchant Shipping Act, 1854. i Repealed; in part. I 24

, c. 125. s. 20 Common Law Procedure Act, 1854. Repealed 46

18 & 19 Vict. c. 119. Passengers Act, 1855 - | Repealed i in part. | 24

19 & 20 Vict. c. 69. s. 7 County and Borough Police Act, 1856. Amended 41

, C. 102. 88. 23 and 24. Common Law Procedure Amendment Act (Ireland), 1856. Ropealed 46

, c. 108. - County Courts Repealed 43

20 & 21 Vict. c. 36. County Courts Repealed 43

, c. 39. s. 5 in part. Colonial Attorneys Relief Act, 1857. Repealed 65

21 & 22 Vict. c. 57. 8. 1 - Ecclesiastical Leasing Act, 1858. Amended 20

»»c. 74. County Courts Repealed 43

22 Vict. c. 8. County Courts Repealed 43

22 & 23 Vict. c. 4. Criminal Justice, Middlesex Amended 41

, c. 36. as. 3 Stamp Duties Act, 1859 - Repealed 33

and 4.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 111. 8. 21 Stamp Duties, No. 2, Act, 1860. Repealed 33

, c. 127. - Solicitors Act, 1860 Repealed in part. 65

24 & 25 Vict. c. 9. Conveyance of Land for Charitable Uses. Repealed 42

, c. 21. Excise and Stamps Act, 1861. Amended; 8 and 33

, c. 66. Criminal Proceedings Oath Relief Act, 1861. Repealed, 46

25 & 26 Vict. c. 17. Conveyance of Land for Charitable Uses. Repealed I 42

, c. 99. s. 4 - County Courts Repealed 43

27 & 28 Vict. c. 13. Charitable Assurances Enrolments, &c. Repealed i, 42 I

, c. 18. Sched. Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1864. | Repealed 33

(B.) in part. i

, c. 56. b. 6 Inland Revenue (Stamp Repealed | 33

in part, and 8. 7. Duties) Act, 1864.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 9. Affirmation (Scotland) Act, 1865. Repealed 46

, c. 96. s. 18 Inland Revenue Act, 1865 Repealed; 33

»» c. 99. County Courts Repealed ! 43

29 & 30 Vict 30 Vict. c. 14. County Courts Repealed 43

, c. 57. Charitable Trusts - Repealed 42

, c. 64. 88. 11 Inland Revenuo Act, 1866 Repealed 33

and 13.

30 & 31 Vict 31 Vict. c. 35. s. 8. Criminal Law Repealed 46

, c. 90. Inland Revenue - Amended 8

, c. 142. - County Courts Repealed 43

31 & 32 Vict. c. 39.

[the law reports.] Jurors Affirmation (Scotland) Act, 1868. Pp Repealed 46

594 Effect of Legislation. 51 & 52 VICT

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

Act repealed or amended. 1 ! Subject-matter. How affected. Chapter of 51 & 52 Vict.

31 & 32 Vict 32 Vict. c. 41. ss. 1 and 2. I Sites of Religious, &c. i Buildings. | Repealed 42

, c. 75. s. 3 - Juries Act (Ireland), 1868 | Repealed -46

, c.lli'.s. 16 Regulation of Railways Act, 1868. i Amended 25

32 & 33 Vict. c. 14, s. 18 in part and s. 19 in pait. Customs and Inland Re-1 venue Act, 1869. I Repealed 8

, c. Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1809. ! Amended 41

, c. 08. s. 1 - Evidence Further Amendment Act, 1869. Repealed 46

33 & 31- Vict. c. 49. Evidence Amendment Act, 1870. Repealed | 46

, c. 97.:Stamp Act, 1870 - Amended ' 8

34 & 35 Vict. c. 4. s. 5 - Stamp Act. 1871 - Repealed 8

, c. 13. 35 & 36 Vict. c. 21, s. 13 Public Parks, &c. - Repealed, 42

Charitable Trustees Incor-i poration. Repealed; 12

3G & 37 Vict. c. 44. s. 3 - Government Annuities Act, 1873. Repealed 1 15

, c. 48. Regulation of Railways 1 Act, 1873. Amended 25

, c. 77. s. 16 in part. Naval Artillery Volunteers Act, 1873. Repealed 31

, c. 85. s. 15 i Merchant Shipping Act, 1873. Repealed J 24

37 & 38 Vict. c. 7. -; Middlesex Sessions Amended1 41

, c. 40. s. 8 - ' j Board of Trade Arbitrations, &c. Act, 1874. Amended 25

38 & 39 Vict. c. 50. - ! County Courts Repealed 43

, c. 55. Public Health Act, 1875 - Amended 52

, c. 60. k. 30 Friendly Societies Act, 1875. Amended 66

40 & 41 Vict. c. 25. - ! Solicitors Act, 1877 Repealed in part. 65

, c. 57. - j Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Ireland), 1877. Amended 27

41 & 42 Vict. c. 15. s. 20 ] Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1878. Repealed 8

, c. 16. c. 105 in part. Factory and Workshop Act, 1878. Amended 22

, c. 51. Roads and Bridges (Scotland) Act, 1878. Amended 9

c. 77. Highways and Locomo-| tives (Amendment) Act, 1 1878. Amended 41

42 & 43 Vict. c. 6., First Sched.

[District Auditors Act, 1879. Amended 41

, c. 19. - Habitual Drunkards Act, 1879. Amended 19

43 & 44 Vict. c. 8. Isle of Man Loans Act, 1880. Amended 39

, c. 36. s. 2 -44 & 45 Vict. c. 11. Savings Banks Act, 1880- Repealed 15

Sea Fisheries (Clam and Bait Beds) Act, 1881. Repealed 54

1888. Effect of Legislation. 595

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

Act repealed or amended. Subject-matter. How affected. Chapter of 31 & 52 Vict.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 58. 1 Army Act, 1881 - Amended and 31

, c. 60. Newspaper Libel and Registration Act, 1881.; Amended 64

, c. 68. s. 24 Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1881. 1 Repealed 65

, c. 72. Highways and Locomotives Amendment Act, 1881. I Repealed 41

45 & 46 Vict. c. 40. s. 4 - Copyright (Musical Compositions) Act, 1882. Repealed 17

, c. 50. Municipal Corporations Act, 1882. Amended 41

, c. 56. Electric Lighting Act, ' 1882. | Amended 1 12

, c. 57. 46 & 47 Vict. c. 10. s. 7 - County Courts Repealed 43

Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1883. Repealed 8

, c. 28. Companies Act, 1883 Repealed* 62

, c. 52. s. 40 in part. Bankruptcy Act, 1883 Repealed 62

, c. 55. s. 14 Revenue Act, 1883 Repealed 8

, c. 57. Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks Act, 1883. Amended 50

, c. 61. ss. 49 to 52. Agricultural Holdings (England) Act, 1883. Repealed 21

47 & 48 Vict. c. 25. ss. 3 and 4. Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1884. Repealed 8

, c. 26. Fisheries (Oyster, Crab, and Lobster) Act (1877) Amendment Act, 1884. Repealed 54

48 & 49 Vict. c. 73. s. 2 in part. Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1885. Amended 49

49 & 50 Vict. c. 28. Bankruptcy (Agricultural Labourers’ Wages) Act, 1886. Repealed 62 m

, c. 29. a. 23 Crofters Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1886. Amended 63

, c. 42. s. 4 - Revising Barristers Act, 1886. 1 Repealed 10

50 & 51 Vict. c. 3. County Courts Repcalod 43

»» c. 31. Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1887. Amended | 40

tf c. 33. 8. 1 Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1887. 1 Amended 13

»* c. 71* Coroners - ! Repealed in part. 41

51 & 52 Vict. c. 8. Customs and Inland Re-1 venue Act, 1888. i Amended j 14 and 33

>> c. 10. i County Electors Act, 1888 ! Amended 1 41

* Except as regards its application to Ireland.

[Index removed.]

