THE

LAW REPORTS.

The Public General Statutes,

PASSED IN THE SEVENTH AND EIGHTH YEARS

OF THE REIGN OF HIS MAJESTY

KING GEORGE THE FIFTH.

1917-18.

VOL. LV.

LONDON:

PRINTED BY EYRE AND SPOTTISWOODE, Limited.

FOR

Sir FREDERICK ATTERBURY, K.C.B.,

KING’S PRINTER OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT,

And Published by the Council of Law Reporting

10, OLD SQUARE, LINCOLN’S INN, W.C. 2

1918.

CONTENTS.

Table Page

I. Table of the Titles of the Public General Acts passed during the Session - iii

THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

II. Table of the Titles or the Local and Private Acts (including the Public Acts of a Local Character) passed during the Session Arranged According to Chapter - 431

IIa. Table of the Titles or the Local and Private Acts (including the Public Acts or a Local Character) passed during the Session Arranged Alphabetically - 438

III. Table showing the Effect of the Year's Legislation on Public General Acts - 441

IV. Table of the Local and Private Acts arranged in Classes - 449

V. Index to the Public General Acts - 455

TABLE I

A

TABLE

OF

The Titles of the Public General Acts passed in the Seventh Session of the Thirtieth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

7 & 8 GEORGE 5. A.D. 1917.

1. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and seventeen and one thousand nine hundred and eighteen. (Consolidated Fund (No. 1).)

2. An Act to amend the Census of Production Act, 1906, with respect to the times at which a Census of Production may be taken. (Census of Production.)

3. An Act to relieve railway companies whose railroads are under the control of His Majesty from keeping separate accounts in respect of railway passenger duty, and from making separate payments in respect thereof. (Railway Passenger Duty.)

4. An Act to provide for the Suspension of Grand Juries in connection with the present War. (Grand Juries (Suspension).)

5. An Act to enable Ecclesiastical Services in certain cases to be omitted on account of the War. (Ecclesiastical Services (Omission on account of War).)

6. An Act for establishing a Ministry of National Service, and for purposes incidental thereto. (Ministry of National Service.)

7. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and seventeen and one thousand nine hundred and eighteen. (Consolidated Fund (No. 2).)

8. An Act to extend section four of the Coal Mines Regulation Act, 1908, to Mines other than Coal Mines. (Coal Mines Regulation (Amendment).)

9. An Act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army. (Army (Annual).)

10. An Act to amend the Schedule to the Army (Annual) Act, 1916. (Army (Annual) Act (1916) Amendment.)

11. An Act to amend the Naval Discipline (Delegation of Powers) Act, 1916, with respect to the Officers to whom powers under that Act may be delegated. (Naval Discipline (Delegation of Powers).)

12. An Act to enable the exception from Military Service of Men excepted on the ground of previous rejection, or the previous relinquishment of, or discharge from, Naval or Military Service, or unsuitability for Foreign Service, to be reviewed. (Military Service (Review of Exceptions).)

13. An Act to amend and extend the Parliament and Local Elections Act, 1916. (Parliament and Local Elections.)

14. An Act to make provision with respect to the administrative expenses of the Statutory Committee and of Local and District Committees under the Naval and Military War Pensions, &c. Act, 1915; and for certain other purposes connected with Pensions and Allowances. (Naval and Military War Pensions, &c. (Administrative Expenses).)

15. An Act to amend the enactments relating to National Health Insurance with respect to persons suffering from disablement in consequence of the present War. (National Insurance (Part I. Amendment).)

16. An Act to enable Meetings of Approved Societies, Friendly Societies, and Trade Unions to be dispensed with during the present War, and for purposes connected therewith. (Societies (Suspension of Meetings).)

17. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and eighteen. (Consolidated Fund (No. 3).)

18. An Act to prohibit the alteration, except with the consent of the Board of Trade, of Articles of Association or Regulations which restrict Foreign Interests in Companies, and for other purposes connected therewith. (Companies (Foreign Interests).)

19. An Act to reduce, in connection with the present War, the Number of Jurors at Coroners' Inquests. (Coroners (Emergency Provisions).)

20. An Act to make provision for the Billeting of Persons engaged on Work of National Importance for the purposes of the present War. (Billeting of Civilians.)

21. An Act to prevent the treatment of Venereal Disease otherwise than by duly qualified Medical Practitioners, and to control the supply of remedies therefor; and for other matters connected therewith. (Venereal Disease.)

22. An Act to extend during the present War the term of service of members of the Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve. (Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve.)

23. An Act to prohibit the use in shops and other places in Scotland of certain Machines or Mechanical Contrivances by the operation of which prizes or stakes in money or kind are won or lost by people resorting to such places. (Gaming Machines (Scotland).)

24. An Act to amend the Trade Union Act Amendment Act, 1876, with respect to the amalgamation of Trade Unions. (Trade Union (Amalgamation).)

25. An Act to amend the Courts (Emergency Powers) Acts, 1914 to 1916, and the Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (War Restrictions) Act, 1915, and to grant relief in connexion with the present war from liabilities and disqualifications arising out of certain contracts. (Courts (Emergency Powers).)

26. An Act to enable His Majesty in Council to carry into effect conventions which may be made with Allied and other States as to the mutual liability of His Majesty's subjects and subjects of the Allied and other States to military service. (Military Service (Conventions with Allied States).)

27. An Act to provide facilities for expeding confirmation in Scotland to estates of persons serving in Naval or Military Service during the present War. (Confirmation of Executor's (War Service) (Scotland).)

28. An Act to provide for the disclosure of certain particulars respecting the Directors of Companies. (Companies (Particulars as to Directors).)

29. An Act to modify, during the continuance of the present War, and for a certain period thereafter, certain provisions contained in a Deed of Declaration or Deed Poll of the Reverend John Wesley, dated the twenty-eighth day of February, seventeen hundred and eighty-four. (Wesleyan Methodists (Appointments during the War).)

30. An Act to enable Local Authorities in Ireland to provide allotments and otherwise promote the cultivation of land, and for other purposes incidental thereto. (Local Government. (Allotments and Land Cultivation) (Ireland).)

31. An Act to grant certain duties of Customs and Inland Revenue (including Excise), to alter other duties, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue (including Excise) and the National Debt, and to make further provision in connection with Finance. (Finance.)

32. An Act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans out of the Local Loans Fund, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans. (Public Works Loans.)

33. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and eighteen. (Consolidated Fund (No. 4).)

34. An Act to amend Section 74a of the Naval Discipline Act. (Naval Discipline.)

35. An Act to amend the Law with respect to Customs in the Isle of Man. (Isle of Man (Customs).)

36. An Act to amend section one of the Police Reservists (Allowances) Act, 1914, as extended by subsequent enactments. (Police Constables (Naval and Military Service).)

37. An Act to provide for the dissolution of the Statutory Committee established under the Naval and Military War Pensions, &c. Act, 1915, and for the transfer of their powers, duties, and functions to the Minister of Pensions, and for purposes connected therewith. (Naval and Military War Pensions; &c. (Transfer of Powers).)

38. An Act to continue certain Expiring Laws. (Expiring Laws Continuance.)

39. An Act to revive and continue temporarily the power of making Orders under the Fishery Harbours Act, 1915. (Fishery Harbours (Continuance of Powers).)

40. An Act to amend section one hundred and forty-eight of the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, as respects the Prevention and Treatment of Disease in Ireland. (Public Health (Prevention and Treatment of Disease) (Ireland).)

41. An Act to make further provision for raising Money for the present War, and for purposes incidental thereto. (War Loan.)

42. An Act to provide for an addition during the present war and a period of six months thereafter to the amount of the compensation payable under the Workmen's Compensation Act, 1906, in cases of total incapacity. (Workmen s Compensation (War Addition).)

43. An Act to amend, in connection with the present war, the Law relating to the Qualifying Examinations for Solicitors. (Solicitors (Examination).)

44. An Act to provide for the establishment of a Ministry of Reconstruction, and to make provision as to the right of certain Ministers to sit in Parliament. (New Ministries.)

45. An Act to extend and amend the Munitions of War Acts, 1915 and 1916. (Munitions of War.)

46. An Act for encouraging the production of Corn, and for purposes connected therewith (including provision as to Agricultural Wages and Rents). (Corn Production.)

47. An Act to deprive Enemy Peers and Princes of British Dignities and Titles. (Titles Deprivation.)

48. An Act to amend the Bills of Exchange Act, 1882, with respect to the time for noting Bills. (Bills of Exchange (Time of Noting).)

49. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and sixteen and one thousand nine hundred and eighteen. (Consolidated Fund (No. 5).)

50. An Act to make further provision for the prolongation of the present Parliament, and the postponement of Local Elections. (Parliament and Local Elections (No. 2).)

51. An Act to make provision for the establishment, administration, and discipline of an Air Force, the establishment of an Air Council, and for purposes connected therewith. (Air Force (Constitution).)

52. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and eighteen, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. (Appropriation.)

53. An Act to amend the Education (Provision of Meals) (Ireland) Acts, 1914 and 1916. (Education (Provision of Meals) (Ireland).)

54. An Act to provide for the inclusion on committees constituted under the Naval and Military War Pensions, &c. Act, 1915, of disabled men discharged from the Naval and Military Services of His Majesty and of women in receipt of Pensions. (Naval and Military War Pensions, &c. (Committees).)

55. An Act to confirm and give effect to a deed of settlement relating to the Chequers Estate and other property and for purposes connected therewith. (Chequers Estate.)

56. An Act to confirm and give effect to a certain Agreement relating to the Compensation to he paid in respect of the Control of Coal Mines and other Matters arising out of such Control. (Coal Mines Control Agreement (Confirmation).)

57. An Act to provide for the foundation of Bishoprics of Bradford and Coventry and for matters incidental thereto. (Bishoprics of Bradford and Coventry.)

58. An Act to amend the Law with respect to Testamentary Dispositions by Soldiers and Sailors. (Wills (Soldiers and Sailors).)

59. An Act to secure the better training of Midwifes in Ireland, and to regulate their practice. (Midwives (Ireland).)

60. An Act to extend and amend the National Registration Act, 1915. (National Registration (Amendment).)

61. An Act to amend the Metropolitan Police Act, 1912. (Metropolitan Police.)

62. An Act to amend the Acts relating to National Health Insurance. (National Health Insurance.)

63. An Act to amend the National Insurance (Part II.) (Munition Workers) Act, 1916, and to amend the National Insurance (Unemployment) Acts, 1911 to 1916, with respect to the proportion to be borne by the amount of unemployment benefit to the number of contributions paid. (National Insurance (Unemployment).)

64. An Act to amend the Law with respect to Parliamentary and Local Government Franchises, and the Registration of Parliamentary and Local Government Electors, and the conduct of elections, and to provide for the Redistribution of Seats at Parliamentary Elections, and for other purposes connected therewith. (Representation of the People.)

65. An Act to provide for the Redistribution of Seats at Parliamentary Elections in Ireland and for purposes connected therewith. (Redistribution of Seats (Ireland).)

66. An Act to repeal subsection (3) of section three of the Military Service Act, 1916, and to provide for the cancellation of certificates of exemption from military service granted bn occupational grounds. (Military Service.)

67. An Act to restrict temporarily the persons who may engage in business connected with certain non-ferrous metals and metallic ores. (Non-Ferrous Metal Industry.)

THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES.

[7 Geo. 5.]

CHAPTER 1.

An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and seventeen and one thousand nine hundred and eighteen.

[28th February 1917.]

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sums herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

---

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund issue of

of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply

towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the Consolidated

service of the year ended on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and seventeen, the sum of two hundred grading *

million pounds. March

1917.

2. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund issue of

of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the Consolidated service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and eighteen, the sum of three hundred JSir Ending6 and fifty million pounds. iii8 March

3. — (1) The Treasury may borrow from any person, by the Power for issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England ^borrow*7 and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on the

credit of the said sums, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole five hundred and fifty million pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and eighteen, and section six of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of 40* 41 vi<*.‘ bills), shall not apply with respect to those bills. c. 2.

2776

A

2

Ch. 1, 2. Consolidated Fund (No. ]), 1917.

7 Geo. 5.

[Short title.]

Power to fix date of census of production by Order in Council from time to time.

6 Edw. 7. c. 49.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding five pounds per cent, per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

[Short title.]

4. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1917.

CHAPTER 2.

An Act to amend the Census of Production Act, 1906, with respect to the times at which a Census of Production may be taken.

[28th March 1917.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) So much of section one of the Census of Production Act, 1906 (hereinafter referred to as the principal Act), as requires a census of production to be taken at such intervals as may be determined by an order made by the Board of Trade as soon as practicable after the taking of the first census and laid before Parliament, and any order made thereunder, shall cease to have effect.

(2) It shall not be necessary to have a fixed interval between any census of production under the principal Act and another such census, and such a census shall be taken in any year which is fixed for the purpose by an order made by the Board of Trade and laid before Parliament; and, if the order so directs, may be limited to any trades or businesses mentioned in the order:Provided that there is at least a year’s interval between the date on which the order is made by the Board of Trade and the commencement of the year in which the census is to be taken. 2

2. This Act may be cited as the Census of Production Act, 1917, and the principal Act and this Act may be cited together as the Census of Production Acts, 1906 and 1917.

1917.

Railway Passenger Duty, 1917. Ch. 3, 4.

3

CHAPTER 3.

An Act to relieve railway companies whose railroads are under the control of His Majesty from keeping separate accounts in respect of railway passenger duty, and from making separate payments in respect thereof.

[28th March 1917.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. A railway company whose railroad is under the control of Suspension of His Majesty's Government in pursuance of section sixteen of the Regulation of the Forces Act, 1871, shall, during any period account* and after the commencement of this Act for which their railway is so maJte separate under the control of His Majesty's Government, be relieved of 'nui-

any obligation to keep the separate accounts and make the way passenger separate entries in respect of railway passenger duty required by dnty* section four of the Railway Passenger Duty Act, 1842 (as amended 486 35 Vict’ by section thirteen of the Revenue Act, 1863, and section seven 5 & 6 Vict, of the Cheap Trains Act, 1883, or any other enactment), or to '67|*27 Vict, make any separate payments as required by those enactments in c. 33. respect of railway passenger duty for that period, and shall be J6 47 Vict-deemed to have been relieved of any such obligation in respect of c* any duty for the period between the end of the year nineteen hundred and sixteen and the commencement of this Act.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Railway Passenger Duty Act, 1917.

CHAPTER 4.

An Act to provide for the Suspension of Grand Juries in connection with the present War.

[28th March 1917.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) No precept for the summoning of a grand jury or Suspenwon of i grand jurors shall he issued nor shall any grand jury be sum- 8X811(1 jurie*-moned, and any such precept or summons in existence at the date of the commencement of this Act shall be void and of no effect, so far as it relates to grand juries or grand jurors.

(2) In any case where a person has been committed for trial, ’or where the consent or direction in writing of a judge of the High Court or of the Attorney-General or Solicitor-General for

4

Ch. 4.

Grand Juries (Suspension) Act, 1917. 7 Geo. 5.

5 & 6 Geo. 5. c. 90.

Short title, extent, commencement, and duration,

the presentment of an indictment against any person has been given, but in no other case, an indictment against that person may be presented in the appropriate court without having been found by a grand jury, but in other respects as heretofore; and where an indictment is so presented it shall be proceeded with in like manner as if a true bill had been found and presented in the court by a grand jury, and the statute and common law relating to such proceedings shall apply accordingly:

Provided that where an indictment is so authorised to be presented in any court it shall be lawful for that court to authorise the addition of other counts to the indictment or the presentment in the court of any further indictment against the same person, if such counts or indictment are in the opinion of that court founded on facts or evidence disclosed in any examination or deposition taken before a justice of the peace in the presence of the accused.

(3) Where a person is bound by recognizance to prosecute a person who is not committed for trial the recognizance shall require him to apply to a judge of the High Court or the Attorney-General or Solicitor-General for consent to present an indictment, and in the event of such consent not being obtained the recognizance shall be void, and where at the commencement of this Act a person has been bound by such a recognizance the recognizance shall have effect as if it contained such a requirement as aforesaid.

(4) The First Schedule to the Indictments Act, 1915, shall apply to all indictments presented in a court in pursuance of this Act, except that the words "presentment of the grand jury " required by Rule 2 in the said Schedule shall be omitted.

(5) Where the form of any recognizance or other instrument (statutory or otherwise) relating to procedure as to indictable offences contains a reference to a grand jury, such reference shall be omitted, and the rule committee established by the Indictments Act, 1915, shall make rules for making such variations in such forms and instruments, and for such other purposes as they think expedient for carrying this Act into effect.

v6) For the purposes of this section, the expression "appropriate court" means the court to which the accused is committed for trial (that is to say, the court specified in the recognizance entered into by the prosecutor or witnesses before the committing justices) or which is specified in the consent or direction given by a judge of the High Court or the Attorney-General or Solicitor-General as the case may be.

2, — (1) This Act may be cited as the Grand Juries (Suspension) Act, 1917.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland.

(3) This Act shall come into operation on the second day of April nineteen hundred and seventeen, but shall not apply

1917.

Grand Juries (Suspension), 1917. Ch. 4, 5.

5

to indictments found by a grand jury before that date or the procedure on the trial of indictments so found.

(4) This Act shall remain in force only during the continuance of the present war and for a period of six months after the termination thereof.

CHAPTER 5.

An Act to enable Ecclesiastical Services in certain cases to be omitted on account of the War.

[28th March 1917.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) No clerk in holy Orders shall be liable to any Power to penalty whatsoever, or to any action or other legal proceeding, 8n^jJd k in respect of the omission of all or any public services or duties *

in or in connection with any church, chapel, or other place of services, public worship, if the omission of those services or duties is for the time being authorised in writing by the bishop of the diocese; and the bishop of the diocese shall have power to give and to withdraw, as occasion requires, an authority for that purpose.

(2) Where under this Act the services in any church, chapel, or other place of worship are entirely suspended, the Marriage Act, 1824 (which provides for the publication of banns 5 Geo. 4. <?. 32. and the solemnisation of matrimony elsewhere in the case of a church or chapel during the repair or rebuilding thereof), shall apply in the case of a church, chapel, or place where the services are so suspended in the same manner as it applies in the case of a church or chapel during the repair or rebuilding thereof.

(3) The expression "bishop " in relation to the diocese of an archbishop includes the archbishop.

2. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Ecclesiastical Services short title and (Omission on account of War) Act, 1917. duration.

(2) The power to give an authority under this Act shall have effect only during the continuance of the present war and a period of three months thereafter; and any authority given under this Act shall cease to have effect at the expiration of that period.

6

Ch. 6. Ministry of 'National Service, 1917J 7 Geo. 5.

CHAPTER 6.

An Act for establishing a Ministry of National Service, and for purposes incidental thereto.

[28th March 1917.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Appointment? 1. — (1) For the purpose of making the best use of all

National^ of Person8» whether men or women, able to work in any industry, Service. occupation, or service, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to appoint a Minister of National Service under the title of Director-General of National Service, who shall hold office during His Majesty's pleasure.

(2) The Director-General of National Service shall, for that purpose, have such powers and duties of any Government department or authority, whether conferred by statute or otherwise, as His Majesty may by Order in Council transfer to him or authorise him to exercise or perform concurrently with or in consultation with the Government department or authority concerned, and also such further powers as may be conferred on 5 & 6 Geo. B. him by regulations under the Defence of the Realm Consolida-c*8- tion Act, 1914, and regulations may be made under that Act

accordingly, but no Order in Council or regulation shall authorise the compulsory employment or transfer of any person in or to any industry, occupation, or service, or shall impose any penalty for any breach of a voluntary agreement made by any person with the Director-General of National Service.

Supplemental 2. — (1) The Minister of National Service may adopt an to°M?niSrrof seal, and describe himself generally by the style and

National7 title of the Director-General of National Service; and the seal

Service. of the Minister shall be officially and judicially noticed, and

shall be authenticated by the signature of the Minister or of a secretary or some person authorised by the Minister to act in that behalf.

(2) Section ten, subsections (2) to (5) of section eleven, and sections twelve, thirteen, and fourteen of the New Ministries

61*7 Geo. 5. and Secretaries Act, 1916, shall apply to the Minister and

c*i68. Ministry of National Service and to the office of Director-

General of National Service and to Orders in Council made for the purposes of this Act and powers and duties transferred by virtue of this Act, as they apply to the Minister and Ministry of Food and the office of Food Controller and to Orders in Council made for the purposes of that Act and powers and duties transferred by virtue of that Act.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in any Act, a member of the House of Commons shall not vacate his seat by reason only of

1917.

Ministry of National Service 1917. Ch. 6, 7.

his acceptance at any time within one month after the commencement of this Act of the office of secretary in the Ministry of National Service.

[Short title.]

3. This Act may be cited as the Ministry of National Service Act, 1917.

CHAPTER 7.

An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and seventeen and one thousand nine hundred and eighteen.

[28th March 1917.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sums herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund issue of of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and

apply towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty consolidated for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of for the March one thousand nine hundred and seventeen, the sum of sixty million four hundred and twenty-three thousand five 31st March’hundred and seventy-five pounds. 1917 *

2. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund issue of of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and oufof’the*’ apply towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty Consolidated for the sendee of the year ending on the thirty-first day of

March one thousand nine hundred and eighteen, the sum of ye ending thirty-eight million twenty-five thousand pounds. snt^ March

3. — (1) The Treasury may borrow from any person, by the Power for the

issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England 10

and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on the

credit of the said sums, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole ninety-eight million four hundred and forty-eight thousand five hundred and seventy-five pounds.

8

Ch. 7, 8.

Consolidated Fund (No. 2), 1917.

7 Geo. 5.

40*41 Vict. c. 2.

[Short title.]

Extension of

s. 4 of the Act of 1908 to mines other than coal mines.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and eighteen, and section six of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills), shall not apply with respect to those bills.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding five pounds per cent, per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

[Short title.]

4. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1917.

CHAPTER 8.

An Act to extend section four of the Coal Mines Regulation Act, 1908, to Mines other than Coal Mines.

[28th March 1917.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Section four of the Coal Mines Regulation Act, 1908, which authorises the suspension of that Act as respects coal mines in the event of war and other emergencies, shall extend to all mines to which the other provisions of that Act apply in like manner as it extends to coal mines, and accordingly in that section after the words "demand for coal " there shall be inserted the words "or for the product of any other mines to which this Act applies " and for the words "coal mines " wherever they occur there shall be substituted the word "mines."

2. This Act may be cited as the Coal Mines Regulation (Amendment) Act, 1917, and the Coal Mines Acts, 1887 to 1914, and this Act may be cited together as the Coal Mines Acts, 1887 to 1917.

1917.

Army (Annual), 1917. Ch. 9.

9

CHAPTER 9.

An Act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

[5th April 1917.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping of a standing army within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in time of peace, unless it be with the consent of Parliament, is against law:

And whereas it is adjudged necessary by His Majesty and this present Parliament that a body of forces should be continued for the safety of the United Kingdom and the defence of the possessions of His Majesty's Crown, and that the whole number of such forces should consist of five million, including those to be employed at the depots in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the training of recruits for service at home and abroad, but exclusive of the numbers actually serving within His Majesty's Indian possessions:

And whereas it is also judged necessary for the safety of the United Kingdom, and the defence of the possessions of this realm, that a body of Royal Marine forces should be employed in His Majesty's fleet and naval service, under the direction of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid:

And whereas the said marine forces may frequently be quartered or be on shore, or sent to do duty or be on board transport ships or vessels, merchant ships or vessels, or other ships or vessels, or they may be under other circumstances in which they will not be subject to the laws relating to the government of His Majesty's forces by sea:

And whereas no man can be forejudged of life or limb, or subjected in time of peace to any kind of punishment within this realm, by martial law, or in any other manner than by the judgment of his peers and according to the known and established laws of this realm; yet, nevertheless, it being requisite, for the retaining all the before-mentioned forces, and other persons subject to military law, in their duty, that an exact discipline be observed, and that persons belonging to the said forces who mutiny or stir up sedition, or desert His Majesty's service, or are guilty of crimes and offences to the prejudice of good order and military discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the usual forms of the law will allow:

And whereas the Army Act will expire in the year one 44 & 45 Vict, thousand nine hundred and seventeen on the following days: — c. 68.

(a) In the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and the

Isle of Man, on the thirtieth day of April; and

(b) Elsewhere, whether within or without His Majesty’s

dominions, on the thirty-first day of July:

10

Ch. 9.

Army (Annual) Act, 1917.

7 Geo. 5.

Army Act to be in force for specified times.

Prices in respect of billeting.

Amendment of b. 154 of the Army Act with respect to deserters and absentees without leave

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Army (Annual) Act, 1917.

2. — (1) The Army Act shall be and remain in force during the periods herein-after mentioned, and no longer, unless otherwise provided by Parliament (that is to say): —

(a) Within the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and the Isle of Man, from the thirtieth day of April one thousand nine hundred and seventeen to the thirtieth day of April one thousand nine hundred and eighteen, both inclusive; and

(b) Elsewhere, whether within or without His Majesty's dominions, from the thirty-first day of July one thousand nine hundred and seventeen to the thirty-first day of July one thousand nine hundred and eighteen, both inclusive.

(2) The Army Act, while in force, shall apply to persons subject to military law, whether within or without His Majesty's dominions.

(3) A person subject to military law shall not be exempted from the provisions of the Army Act by reason only that the number of the forces for the time being in the service of His Majesty, exclusive of the marine forces, is either greater or less than the number herein-before mentioned.

3. There shall be paid to the keeper of a victualling house for the accommodation provided by him in pursuance of the Army Act the prices specified in the Schedule to this Act.

Amendments of the Army Act.

4. After paragraph (8) of section one hundred and fifty-four of the Army Act which relates to deserters and absentees without leave, the following paragraph shall be inserted: —

" (9) Where a person surrenders himself to a constable in the United Kingdom as being a deserter or absentee without leave, the officer of police in charge of the police station to which he is brought shall forthwith inquire into the case, and if it appears to him from the confession of that person that that person is a deserter or absentee without leave, he may cause him to be delivered into military custody without bringing him before a court of summary jurisdiction under this section, and in such case shall send to the Army Council or as they may direct a certificate signed by himself as to the fact, date, and place of such surrender."

1917.

Army (Annual), 1917. Ch. 9.

11

5. — (1) For paragraph (j) of section one hundred and sixty-

three of the Army Act, which relates to evidence, the following paragraph shall be substituted:—

" 0) Where the proceedings are proceedings against an officer or soldier on a charge of being a deserter or absentee without leave, and the officer or soldier has surrendered himself into the custody of a provost marshal, assistant provost marshal or other officer, or any portion of His Majesty's forces, a certificate purporting to have been signed by such provost marshal, assistant provost marshal or other officer, or by the commanding officer of the portion of His Majesty's forces to whom the surrender or by whom the arrest was made, and stating the fact, date, and place of such surrender or arrest shall be evidence of the matters so stated."

(2) After the said paragraph (; ) the following paragraph shall be inserted:—

" (k) Where the proceedings are proceedings against an officer or soldier on a charge of being a deserter or absentee without leave and the officer or soldier has been delivered into military custody by a police officer in charge of a police station in the United Kingdom, a certificate purporting to be signed by such police officer, and stating the fact, date, and place of the surrender of the officer or soldier shall be evidence of the matters so stated."

SCHEDULE.

Accommodation to be provided. Maximum Price.

Lodging and attendance for soldier where meals furnished. Breakfast as specified in Part I. of the Second Schedule to the Army Act. Dinner as so specified Supper as so specified - Where no meals furnished, lodging and attend- i ance, and candles, vinegar, salt, and the use of ' fire, and the necessary utensils for dressing and eating his meat. Sixpence per night.

Sixpence each.

One shilling and twopence each. Fourpence each. Sixpence per day.

Stable room and ten pounds of oats, twelve pounds of hay, and eight pounds of straw per day for Two shillings and four-

pence per day.

each horse.

Stable room without forage - Sixpence per day.

Lodging and attendance for officer - Two shillings per night.

Note. — An officer shall pay for his food.

Amendment of

s. IBS of the Army Act relating to evidence.

Section 8.

12 Ch. 10. Army (Annual) Act (1916) Amendment 7 Geo. 5.

, 1917.

CHAPTER 10.

An Act to amend the Schedule to the Army (Annual) Act, 1913*.

[5th April 1917.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Army (Annual) Act, 1916, shall have effect, and shall he deemed as from the first day of December nineteen hundred and sixteen to have had effect, as if for the Schedule to that Act relating to the prices to he paid for billeting there were substituted the Schedule to this Act.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Army (Annual) Act (1916) Amendment Act, 1917.

Amendment of Schedule to the Army (Annual) Act, 1916.

6 k7 Geo. 5. c. 6.

SCHEDULE.

Accommodation to be provided. Maximum Price.

Lodging and attendance for soldier where meals furnished. Sixpence per night.

Breakfast as specified in Part I. of the Second Schedule to the Army Act. Sixpence each.

Dinner as so specified One shilling and twopence each.

Supper as so specified Fourpence each.

Where no meals furnished, lodging and attendance, and candles, vinegar, salt, and the use of fire, and the necessary utensils for dressing and eating his meat. Sixpence per day.

Stable room and ten pounds of oats, twelve pounds of hay, and eight pounds of straw per day for each horse. Two shillings and four-pence per day.

Stable room without forage - Sixpence per day.

Lodging and attendance for offioer Two shillings per night.

Note. — An officer shall pay for his food.

1917. Naval Discipline (Delegation of Powers) Ch. 11, 12. 13

Act, 1917.

CHAPTER 11.

An Act to amend the Naval Discipline (Delegation of Powers) Act, 1916, with respect to the Officers to whom powers under that Act may be delegated.

[5th April 1917.]

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The officers to whom the powers in’relation to court- Extension of martial may he delegated by the Commander-in-Chief of the

Grand Fleet under the Naval Discipline (Delegation of Powers) powers may Act, 1916, shall include all officers not below the rank of flag 1)6 delegated, officer in command of squadrons forming part of that fleet, and *77 Geo. 5-accordingly that Act shall have effect as if for the words "Vice- °* Admirals " and " Vice Admiral " wherever they occur there were substituted the words "flag officers " and " flag officer " respectively.

2. This Act may be cited as the Naval Discipline (Delegation Short title, of Powers) Act, 1917, and the Naval Discipline (Delegation of Powers) Act, 1916, and this Act may be cited together as the

Naval Discipline (Delegation of Powers) Acts, 1916 and 1917.

CHAPTER 12.

An Act to enable the exception from Military Service of Men excepted on the ground of previous rejection, or the previous relinquishment of, or discharge from,

Naval or Military Service, or unsuitability for Foreign Service, to be reviewed.

[5th, April 1917.]

X> E it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) The Army Council may, in accordance with and Power to can subject to |the provisions of this Act, at any time, by written J^n^or notice require any man who is for the time being excepted from examination, the operation of the Military Service Acts, 1916, as being — 5 & 6 Geo. 5.

• (a) a member of the territorial force who is, in the opinion e &.°7 'a*>. 5. of the Army Council, not suited for foreign service; c. 15. and

Ch. 12. MUitarlftService (Revi of Exceptions) 7 Geo. 5.

Act, 1917.

(5) a man (in this Act referred to as a disabled man) who has left or been discharged from the naval or military service of the Crown in consequence of disablement or ill-health (including an officer who has ceased to hold a commission in consequence of disablement or ill-health); and

(c) a man who has been previously rejected on any ground, either after offering himself for enlistment or after becoming subject to the Military Service Acts, 1916,

to present himself for examination in such manner and within such time, not being less than fourteen days, as may be specified in the notice:

Provided that no man shall be required to submit himself for re-examination within six months of his previous and last rejection or discharge except where the Army Council otherwise direct in a case in which it appears to the Council that the previous rejection or discharge was obtained by fraud:

Provided also that the powers under this provision shall not extend —

(a) to any man who is for the time being engaged in

agriculture, and whose work is certified by the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries (or, as respects Scotland, the Board of Agriculture for Scotland) to be work of national importance, and who was engaged on such work on the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and seventeen; or

(b) to any officer or man who has left or been discharged

from the naval or military service of the Crown in consequence of disablement if the disablement has been certified under the authority of the Admiralty or the Army Council to be the result of wounds (including injury from poisonous gas) received in battle or in any engagement with the enemy or otherwise from the enemy, or in consequence of neurasthenia or allied functional nerve disease if so certified by a special medical board to be the result of naval or military service in the present war, but r any such man shall, notwithstanding anything in any Act or regulation, be entitled to offer himself for re-enlistment if he is willing to do so, and to be re-enlisted.

(2) Any man to whom a notice is so sent shall, as from the date of the notice, be deemed to come within the operation of section one of the Military Service Act, 1916 (Session 2), and not to be excepted therefrom as being unsuited for foreign service, or as being a disabled man, or as having been previously rejected, as the case may be; and the Military Service Acts,

1917* Military Service (Review of Exceptions) Ch. 12. 15

Act, 1917.

1916, shall apply accordingly. If a voluntarily attested man who has been rejected but not treated as discharged is called up for further examination, he shall have the same rights of appeal under the Military Service Acts, 1916, as a man on

whom a notice requiring him to present himself for examination is served under this Act.

(3) If a man fails to comply with a notice under this section, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months; but a man shall not be liable to a penalty under this provision if he shows that he did not receive the notice, or if he shows that, owing to the loss of a limb or any total and permanent disablement, he is incapable of military service.

(4) Where a disabled man has had at least one month’s service with the colours or where his disablement has been caused or aggravated by naval or military service, no notice shall be given to him under this section till after the expiration of a year from the time when he left or was discharged from the service.

(5) Where a man has been required to present himself for examination in pursuance of this section and is not accepted for service, no further notice shall be given to him under this section until after the expiration of six months from the date of the previous notice:

Provided that a man whd is not accepted on the ground that he is permanently and totally disabled for service shall receive a final discharge.

£ " (6) A notice calling up a man to present himself for examination under this section may be served by registered post at the last known address of the person on whom it is to be served *

2. Where a disabled man is accepted for service in pursuance Re*toration to of a notice under this Act, he shall, if when he left the service miUt"7

he was an officer, or if when he was discharged from the service he was a warrant officer or non-commissioned officer, be restored to the military rank which he held before he so left the service or was discharged, unless in any individual case the Army Council otherwise direct.

3. This Act may be cited as the Military Service (Review short title, of Exceptions) Act, 1917; and the Military Service Acts, 1916,

and this Act shall be read together and may be cited together as the Military Service Acts, 1916 and 1917.

16

Further prolongation of present Parliament.

5 & 6 Geo. 5. c 100.

6 & 7 Geo. 5. c. 44.

Further postponement of local elections. 5 & 6 Geo. 6. c. 76.

[Short title.]

Ch. 13. Parliament and Local Elections 7 Gteo. 5.

Act, 1917.

CHAPTER 13.

An Act to amend and extend the Parliament and Local Elections Act, 1916.

[26th April 1917.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Subsection (1) of section one of the Parliament and Registration Act, 1916, shall have effect as if six years and ten months were substituted therein for five years and eight months; and section one of the Parliament and Local Elections Act, 1916, is hereby repealed.

2. For the purpose of postponing local elections, and making provision with respect to die revision of jurors’ lists in Ireland, section two of the Parliament and Local Elections Act, 1916, and the enactments referred to therein, and section four of the Elections and Registration Act, 1915, as set out in a consolidated form, with the necessary modifications, in the Schedule to this Act, shall be deemed to be incorporated in this Act.

3. This Act may be cited as the Parliament and Local Elections Act, 1917.

SCHEDULE.

Section 2 of the Parliament and Local Elections Act, 1916, and the Enactments referred to therein, and Section of the Elections and Registration Act, 1915, in a Consolidated Form.

(1) The next statutory elections of county and borough councillors, district councillors, guardians, and parish councillors, and of members of school boards in Scotland, shall, subject to the limitation hereinafter contained, be postponed, or, in the case of elections already postponed under the Elections and Registration Act, 1915, or the Parliament and Local Elections Act, 1916, further postponed, for a year; and the term of office of the existing councillors, guardians, and members shall accordingly be extended, or further extended, by one year.

This provision shall apply only where the next statutory election (whether a postponed election or not) would take place'before the thirtieth day of November nineteen hundred and seventeen, or in Scotland before the twentieth day of December nineteen hundred and seventeen.

(2) The provisions of this Schedule may be applied, if necessary, to the election, appointment, or co-optation of the chairman, vice-chairman, elective auditors, or members of any kind of local or other body or committee thereof, by order of the Local Government Board as respects local bodies, and by order of the appropriate Government Department as

1917.

Parliament and Local Elections

Act, 1917. Ch. 13.

17

respects any other bodies, and may be so applied with the necessary modifications, and either generally as regards all bodies of any particular kind, or specially as regards any particular body or bodies.

(3) Any provisions of any Act or Order or regulations relating to any such councillors or guardians, or to any such chairman, vice-chairman, or member of a local or other body, shall be construed as if they were modified in such a manner as to give effect to the provisions of this Schedule, and the Local Government Board as respects councillors, guardians, or local bodies, and the appropriate Government Department as respects any other bodies, if any question arises, may by order specify the actual modification which is to be made in pursuance of this Schedule.

(4) If any question arises as to the appropriate Government Department by which an order should be made under this section, that question shall be determined by the Treasury, and their decision on the matter shall be conclusive for all purposes.

(5) Section thirty-six of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, and any other enactment making the payment of a fine a condition of resigning any office, shall not have effect so as to require the payment of a fine in the case of a councillor, guardian, or member or elective officer of a local or other body who resigns any office after the date on which his term of office would, but for the provisions of this Schedule, have expired.

(6) Where at the date on which, but for the provisions of this Schedule, the next statutory election would take place of the members of any council, board of guardians, body, or committee to which this Schedule applies, or may be applied, there is a vacancy amongst those members, that vacancy may be filled by means of the choice by the council, body, or committee, of a person to fill the vacancy, and any person chosen to fill the vacancy shall hold office in the same manner in all respects as though his predecessor had remained in office until the date when the vacancy was filled.

(7) The Elections and Registration Act, 1915, shall be deemed to have had effect so as to extend by three years in all cases the term of office of an alderman of a municipal borough

(8) For the purposes of this Schedule the expression "councillor " includes " alderman, " the expression "borough " includes " metropolitan borough, " the expression "statutory election" means an election to fill the place of councillors and guardians retiring on the expiration of their term of office, and the expression "existing councillors and guardians" means councillors and guardians who are in office at the time when the next retirement of councillors or guardians after the passing of this Act would, hut for this Act, have taken place.

(9) In the application of this Schedule to Scotland, " the Secretary for Scotland " shall be substituted for " the Local Government Board, " and " town council " and " town councillors " shall be substituted for " borough council " and " borough councillors " respectively.

Nothing in this Schedule shall operate to continue any councillor in the office of bailie beyond the date at which he would in ordinary course have retired as a councillor.

(10) In the application of this Schedule to Ireland "the Local Government Board for Ireland " shall be substituted for uthe Local Government Board."

Courts shall be held in Ireland by county court judges or in the county of Dublin or the county of the city of Dublin by revising barristers

B

18

AdministratiTe expenses of local and district committees.

5 It 6 Geo. 5. c. 88.

Ch. 13, 14. Parliament and Local Elections 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Act, 1917.

for the revision under the Juries (Ireland) Acts, 1871 to 1894, of jurors* lists in the present year, at such times (not later than the fifteenth day of November) and places as may be fixed by the Lord Chancellor of Ireland, notwithstanding that no courts are to be held in the present year for the revision of the register of parliamentary voters.

CHAPTER 14.

An Act to make provision with respect to the administrative expenses of the Statutory Committee and of Local and District Committees under the Naval and Military War Pensions, &c. Act, 1915; and for certain other purposes connected with Pensions and Allowances.

[17th May 1917.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) The administrative expenses of any local committee, or of any sub-committee thereof, established under the Naval and Military War Pensions, &c. Act, 1915 (hereinafter referred to as the principal Act), to an amount not exceeding such approved estimate as is hereinafter mentioned, shall he defrayed by the council of the county, or borough, or urban district for whose area the local committee is established, and the administrative expenses of any district committee appointed under the principal Act shall be defrayed as part of the expenses of the local committee for the county in whose area the district is situate.

(2) Every local committee shall, at such times as the Local Government Board may direct, submit for approval to the council by which the administrative expenses of the committee are to be defrayed an estimate of the administrative expenses proposed to be incurred by the local committee for such period as the Board may direct, and may from time to time so submit supplementary estimates, and the council shall within such time as the Board may direct forward to the Board all such estimates together with an intimation of their approval or modified as they may think fit, and the Board shall consider all estimates so submitted, and shall, if and so far as they consider any such estimate reasonable, approve the estimate, and thereupon there shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament, at such times and in such manner as the Treasury may direct, sums equal in the aggregate to two-thirds of the expenses incurred not exceeding two-thirds of such estimate as bo approved, and the sums so paid shall be paid to the council.

1917.

Naval and Military War P, dec. £h. 14.

(Administrative Expenses), 1917.

It

(3) The expenses of a council under- this Act, so far as not defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament, shall be defrayed out of the proceeds of such fund or rate as may be directed by the Local Government Board:

Provided that, if a separate local committee has been established for any borough or urban district in a county, the expenses of the local committee for the county shall be treated as expenses for special county purposes from contribution to which the borough or urban district shall be exempt.

(4) For the purposes of the foregoing provisions of this section, the administrative expenses of a local or sub-committee or district committee shall include travelling expenses and compensation for loss of remunerative time in the case of members of the committee or any sub-committee thereof calculated in accordance with regulations made by the Minister of Pensions subject to the approval of the Treasury.

(5) Where in the exercise of the powers conferred by section two of the Naval and Military War Pensions, See. (Expenses) Act, 1916, the council of a county or borough or urban district have, before the passing of this Act, made, or hereafter make, payments towards the administrative expenses of any local committee or district committee appointed under the principal Act incurred in respect of the period before the passing of this Act, and the aggregate amount of such payments exceeds the one-third of the administrative expenses of the committee for such period, a sum equal to the excess shall, if and so far as the Local Government Board have sanctioned or may hereafter approve such expenses, be repaid to the council out of moneys provided by Parliament.

2. For subsection (5) of section one of the principal Act, which relates to the administrative expenses of the Statutory Committee, the following subsection shall be substituted: —

" (5) All other expenses of the committee (including such travelling expenses and other allowances to members of the committee and its sub-committees as the committee may determine) in accordance with a scale approved by the Treasury shall be paid out of the funds at the disposal of the committee."

3. Notwithstanding anything in subsection (1) of section two of the principal Act and without prejudice to the powers thereunder, a separate local committee may, if the Minister of Pensions so determine, after consultation with the county council or a committee thereof, be established under the principal Aet for any borough or urban district having a population of lees than fifty thousand and not less than twenty thousand the council of which so desires, so, however, that such local committee shall not exercise the functions of a local committee set forth in paragraph (/) of section four of the principal Act, but those functions shall continue to be exercised as respects the

6 & 7 Geo. 6.

c. 4.

A I a

AClHIIlBirftUfl

expenses of t to

Statutory

Committee,

Local committees for certain boroughs and urban districts.

20 Ch. 14. Naval and Military War, dec. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

(Administrative Expenses) Act, 1917.

borough or urban district by the local committee for the county in which the borough or urban district is situate, except so far as such functions may be delegated by the local committee of the county to the local committee of the borough or urban district:

Provided that where such functions are not so delegated to the local committee of the borough or urban district, contributions of such amount as may be agreed upon, or in default of agreement may be determined by the Local Government Board, shall be paid by the local committee of the borough or urban district towards the administrative expenses of the local committee of the county in respect of the exercise of such functions within the borough or urban district, and such contributions shall for the purposes of this Act be treated as part of the administrative expenses of the local committee of the borough or urban district.

District com- 4. Notwithstanding anything in the principal Act there shall, within six months after the termination of the war, be set up in the City of London and in each metropolitan borough a district committee, and the London County Council shall for this purpose submit to the statutory committee any necessary amendment of or addition to the scheme made under the principal Act for the County of London: Provided that any such amendment of or addition to the scheme so submitted shall not be approved until the Minister of Pensions is satisfied that arrangements are made so that the existing organisation of the local committee for London is not unduly disturbed.

Alteration of 5. Where any fund has been raised by voluntary contribu-wWchTofun- tions for the purpose of providing assistance in some specific tary funds may form to disabled officers or men, or to the wives, widows, be applied in children, or dependants of officers or men, and provision has oertam cases. ^sen for such assistance out of public moneys, the Minister of Pensions may, on the application of the trustees or managing body of the fund, after taking such steps as he thinks desirable for ascertaining the wishes of subscribers, make with the concurrence of such trustees or managing body an order authorising the fund to be applied to such other purposes for the benefit of disabled officers or men or the wives, widows, children or dependants of officers or men as may be specified in the - order, and on the making of any such order the fund may be

applied accordingly.

Power of 6. It shall be lawful for the Minister of Pensions to accept

Pensions to any gift of money or securities, by will or otherwise, to be

accept and applied wholly or mainly for the purpose of assisting disabled

administer officers and men after they have left naval or military service, fngdisawS8^ the widows, children, and other dependants of deceased officers and officers and men, and subject to any trust affecting any such men- gift to administer the same under such conditions as the Minister

may think fit.

1917. Naval and Military War, &c. Ch. 14» 21

(Administrative Expenses) Act, 1917.

7. A person who holds the office of chairman of the Statutory Power to

Committee, and does not receive a salary in respect of his office of

as such, shall not by reason of his office be incapable of being committee to elected to or voting in the Commons House of Parliament, and Parlia-if during the continuance of the present Parliament any person men ' who is a Member of that House is appointed to that office he

shall not by reason of such appointment vacate his seat as such Member.

8. — (1) In the application of this Act to Scotland "Local Application to Government Board" means the Secretary for Scotland, " borough" Scotland.

or " urban district" means a royal, parliamentary, or police burgh.

(2) In lieu of subsection (31 of section one the following provision shall apply:—

(a) The expenses of a county council under this Act so far

as not defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament shall be defrayed out of the general purposes rate:

Provided that, notwithstanding anything contained

in the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889 (in 62 & 68 Vict.

this section referred to as the Act of 1889), the 60-

ratepayers of a police burgh shall not be assessed

by the county council for any such expenses unless

the police burgh is for the purposes of this Act

held to be within the county: and provided further

that with respect to every burgh within the meaning

of the Act of 1889 which is for the purposes of this

Act held to be within the county subsection (3) and

subsection (4) of section sixty and section sixty-six

of the Act of 1889, shall, so far as applicable, have

effect as if such expenses were expenditure therein

mentioned.

(b) The expenses incurred by a town council under this

Act, so far as not defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament, whether incurred under requisition from the county council or otherwise, shall be defrayed out of the public health general assessment, but shall not be reckoned in any calculation aB to the statutory limit of that assessment.

9. In the application of this Act to Ireland — Application t *

(1) " Local Government Board" means the Local Govern- Ireland-

ment Board for Ireland;

(2) The expenses of a county council under this Act so

far as not defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament shall be defrayed out of the county fund, and the amount required may be raised by means of the poor rate equally over so much of the county as does not comprise any borough or urban district for which a separate local committee has been established.

22

Oh* 14, 15* Naval and Military War Pensions, &c. 7 48 Geo. 5.

(Administrative Expenses) Act, 1917.

Short title, eoMtreetion, and repeal.

6 & 7 Geo. 5. c. 66.

6 & 7 Geo. 5. 0.12.

Amendment ol 5 Geo. 5. c. 29. «. 1 (1),

1 & 2 Geo. 6. 0.66.

1<X — (1) This Act may be cited as the Naval and Military War Pensions, &c. (Administrative Expenses) Act, 1917, and the Naval and Military War Pensions, &c. Acts, 1915 and 1916, the Ministry of Pensions Act, 1916, so far as it relates to the Statutory Committee, and this Act may be cited together as the Naval and Military War Pensions, &c. Acts, 1915 to 1917.

(2) This Act shall be construed as one with the principal Act.

(3) Section two of the Naval and Military War Pensions, &c. (Expenses) Act, 1916, and section eighteen of the Local Government (Emergency Provisions) Act, 1916, are hereby repealed:

Provided that nothing in this repeal shall affect the power of making contributions under the enactments so repealed towards the administrative expenses of local and district committees incurred before the passing of this Act.

CHAPTER 15 *

An Act to amend the enactments relating to National Health Insurance with respect to persons suffering from disablement in consequence of the present War.

[17th May 1917.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) For subsection (1) of section one of the National Insurance (Part I. Amendment) Act, 1915, the following subsection shall be substituted:—

"(1) Where, in pursuance of any Order in Council relating to pensions of officers or seamen and marines, or of any Royal Warrant relating to pensions of officers or soldiers, disabled in consequence of the present war, there has been granted, whether before or after the passing of this Act, to any person to whom section forty-six of the National Insurance Act, 1911, applied at the time of his leaving naval or military service, a pension in respect of disablement in the highest degree, the rate of any sickness or disablement benefit to which that person may be entitled in respect of his insurance under the National Insurance Act, 1911, shall, throughout the period in respect of which that pension, or a pension of a greater amount granted in lieu thereof, is payable, be reduced by five shillings a week, notwithstanding anything in the said Act to the contrary:

1917.

National Insurance

Part I. Amendment) Act, 1917. Ch. 15.

23

" Provided that a person to whom such a pension has been granted shall not be subject, or shall cease to be subject, to such reduction in the rate of benefit —

" (i) as respects sickness benefit, if he proves that since leaving naval or military service he has been employed within the meaning of the National Insurance Act, 1911, during twenty-six weeks, whether consecutive or not, and that twenty-six weekly contributions have been paid in respect of him; and " (ii) as respects disablement benefit, if he proves that since leaving naval or military service he has been so employed during one hundred and four weeks, whether consecutive or not, and that one hundred and four weekly contributions have been paid in respect of him.

" For the purposes of this subsection —

" (a) an allowance in lieu of pension to a person undergoing a special course of medical treatment or undergoing treatment in an institution or receiving training in a technical institution or otherwise; and " (6) a pension in respect of total disablement suffered in consequence of the present war, granted before the first day of April nineteen hundred and seventeen,

shall be treated as if such allowance or pension were a pension in respect of disablement in the highest degree.

(2) Where benefit at the unreduced rate has been paid for any period between the first day of April nineteen hundred and seventeen and the passing of this Act to a person to whom a pension in respect of disablement in the highest degree has been granted since the first-mentioned date, then the amount of the difference between benefit at the unreduced rate and at the reduced rate for such period shall be treated as an advance, and subsection (2) of section one of the National Insurance (Part I. Amendment) Act, 1915, shall apply to the recovery thereof.

2. Where under any such Order or Warrant as aforesaid a gratuity or temporary allowance of not less than thirty pounds, any portion of which is in respect of temporary total disablement, has on or after the first day of April nineteen hundred and seventeen been granted in place of a pension to any person to whom section forty-six of the National Insurance Act, 1911, applied at the time of his leaving naval or military service, he shall not from the date of the award or the date of the passing of this Act, whichever may be the later, be entitled in respect of his insurance under the National Insurance Act, 1911, to any sickness or disablement benefit until he proves that he has since leaving naval or military service been employed within the

Provision as te benefits of men entitled to gratuities.

24

Ch. 15, 16.

National Insurance

(Part I. Amendment) Act, 1917,

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Provision as to arrears.

Power to grant out of the Navy and Army Insurance Fund benefits to persons not at present qualified to receive them.

5 & 6 Geo. 5. c. 16.

Short title, interpretation and construction.

meaning of the National Insurance Act, 1911, during twenty-six weeks, whether consecutive or not, and that twenty-six weekly contributions have been paid in respect of him:

Provided that if such person at any time after the grant of the temporary allowance or gratuity to him becomes entitled to a pension under any such order or warrant, this section shall cease to apply to him.

3. In calculating arrears of contributions for the purposes of the National Insurance Act, 1911, no account shall be taken of any arrears accruing during any period when the person in question has been subjected to a reduction of, or been disentitled to, sickness and disablement benefit by virtue of this Act.

4. Regulations of the Insurance Commissioners may provide that any man discharged from service as a seaman, marine or soldier, who is certified by the Admiralty or Army Council to be suffering from any disease or bodily or mental disablement in the manner provided by section one of the National Insurance (Navy and Army) Act, 1914 (Session 2), and who, by reason of his having elected not to pay contributions during the period of his service, or for any other reason, is not qualified under the National Insurance Act, 1911, to receive benefits out of the Navy and Army Insurance Fund, shall, subject to the prescribed conditions, become or continue to be entitled out of that fund to medical and sanatorium benefits.

5. — (1) This Act may be cited as the National Insurance (Part I. Amendment) Act, 1917, and the National Insurance Acts, 1911 to 1915, so far as they relate to health insurance, and this Act may be cited together as the National Insurance (Health) Acts, 1911 to 1917.

(2) For the purposes of this Act a person shall not be deemed to have been employed in any week unless he proves that the remuneration received in respect of such employment was such as to provide a substantial contribution towards his means of livelihood in that week.

(3) This Act shall be construed as part of Part I. of the National Insurance Act, 1911.

CHAPTER 16.

An Act to enable Meetings of Approved Societies, Friendly Societies, and Trade Unions to be dispensed with during the present War, and for purposes connected therewith.

[17th May 1917.]

1917.

Societies (>Suspension of Meetings)

Act, 1917. Ch. 16.

25

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) Where the executive body of any society approved for the purposes of the National Insurance Acts, 1911 to 1915, or of any friendly society or trade union, whether registered or unregistered, shows to the satisfaction of the appropriate authority that any meeting of members, delegates, or representatives required to be held by the rules or regulations of the society or trade union during the present war is, by reason of the number of persons likely to be assembled and to travel for the purpose of taking part in the meeting, inexpedient, the appropriate authority may, upon the application of such executive body, direct that the holding of the meeting shall be dispensed with.

(2) Where the appropriate authority has given such direction as aforesaid, the existing officers or members of the executive body of the society or trade union who would otherwise have gone out of office shall continue ia office until the next meeting at which such officers or members can be appointed or re-appointed is held, as if they had been duly appointed or re-appointed in accordance with the rules or regulations of the society or trade union; and the executive body may, until such meeting is held, exercise and perform such of the powers and duties which might have been exercised and performed by the meeting the holding of which was dispensed with as may be authorised by the appropriate authority, subject, however, to such conditions as the appropriate authority may require.

(3) The appropriate authority may, if it thinks fit, upon the application of the executive body of any such society or trade union as aforesaid, direct that the foregoing subsection shall apply in the case of any society or trade union which during the present war and before the passing of this Act has failed to hold any meeting required by the rules or regulations of the society or trade union, and where such direction is given the foregoing subsection shall apply as if the failure to hold the meeting had been in pursuance of a direction under this Act dispensing with the holding of the meeting.

(4) For the purposes of this section the expression "appropriate authority, " in the case of meetings of approved societies for the purpose of conducting business under the National Insurance Acts, 1911 to 1915, means the body by which the society was approved under those Acts, and in the case of meetings of any society or trade union for any other purpose

means the registrar as defined by the Friendly Societies Act, 69 & 60 Vict. 1896. c. 25.

2. This Act may be cited as the Societies (Suspension of short title. Meetings) Act, 1917.

28

Ch. 17. Consolidated Fund (No. 3) Act, 1917. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Issue of 500, 033, 2301. out of the Consolidated i Fund for the service of the year ending 31st March 1918.

Power for the Treasury to borrow.

40*41 Vict. «. 2.

[Short title.]

CHAPTER 17.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and eighteen.

[17th May 1917.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sums herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and eighteen, the sum of five hundred million thirty-three thousand two hundred and thirty pounds.

2. — (1) The Treasury may borrow from any person, by the issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said sums, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole five hundred million thirty-three thousand two hundred and thirty pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not lster than the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and eighteen, and section six of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills), shall not apply with respect to those bills.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding five pounds percent, per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

3. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 3) Act, 1917.

1917. Companies (Foreign Interests) . Ch. 18* 27

Aet, 1917.

CHAPTER 18.

An Act to prohibit the alteration, except with the consent of the Board of Trade, of Articles of Association or Regulations which restrict Foreign Interests in Companies, and for other purposes connected therewith.

[24th May 1917.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) Where any provision in the articles of association Prohibition of of a registered company is designed to restrict or limit, or has the effect of restricting or limiting, the proportion or amount stncting of the capital of the company or of the voting power in the company, or of the control upon the Board of the company oomj^iea which may be held or exercised by or on behalf of aliens, or is except with otherwise designed to restrict or limit, or has the effect of ^nofof restricting or limiting, the interests or authority of aliens in the Trade, company or the control of the company by aliens, an alteration of that provision shall not be of any effect, notwithstanding anything in any other Act, until it has received the written consent of the Board of Trade.

(2) The decision of the Board of Trade as to whether an alteration of a provision requires the consent of the Board under this Act or not shall be final and conclusive.

(3) This Act shall apply to any regulations or provisions in the nature of regulations affecting an incorporated company, not being a registered company, which can be altered by the company, in the same manner as it applies to the articles of association of a registered company.

(4) In this Act the expression "registered company" means a company as defined by section two hundred and eighty-five of the Companies (Consolidation) Act, 1908, and the expression Edw.T. c. 69. " alien " includes any body corporate not incorporated in some part of His Majesty's dominions and any class of aliens.

2. The following provisions shall apply to every company Provisions in whose articles of association is contained any provision such as mentioned in section one (1) of this Act: — pnnies.

(1) A resolution for the voluntary winding-up of the company shall be of no effect unless the Board of Trade in its discretion authorises or ratifies it by a written consent.

(2) The Court which has jurisdiction to wind up the company may in its discretion refuse to make a winding-up order.

(3) In the exercise of its discretion the Board of Trade or the Court, as the case may be, shall be guided by the consideration whether the winding-up is bonfi

28

Ch. 18, 19, 20. Companies (Foreign Interests) 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Act, 1917.

[Short title.]

Number of coroner’s jury.

60 & 51 Vict. c. 71.

Short title and duration.

fide with a view to the discontinuance of the undertaking, or is with a view to continuing the undertaking free from any restrictions or limitations such as are mentioned in section one (1) of this Act which are contained in the company’s articles of association or any of such restrictions or limitations.

(4) The Board of Trade in giving consent or the Court in making a winding-up order, as the case may be, may impose such terms or conditions for giving effect to this Act as it thinks fit.

3. This Act may be cited as the Companies (Foreign Interests) Act, 1917.

CHAPTER 19.

An Act to reduce, in connection with the present War, the Number of Jurors at Coroners* Inquests.

[24th May 1917.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. " Seven " and " eleven " shall be substituted for " twelve, r and " twenty-three" respectively in section three of the Coroners Act, 1887, as the minimum and maximum number of jurors who are to be summoned by a coroner, and " seven " shall accordingly also be substituted for " twelve " in subsection (3) of that section and subsection (5) of section four of the Coroners Act, 1887.

2. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Coroners (Emergency Provisions) Act, 1917.

(2) This Act shall have effect only during the continuance of the present war and for a period of six months after the termination thereof.

CHAPTER 20.

An Act to make provision for the Billeting of Persons engaged on Work of National Importance for the purposes of the present War.

[24th May 1917.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:


1917.

BUleting of Civilians, 1917. Ch. 20.

29

1. Where any Government department certify that the Power to billet carrying on of any work is of national importance for the ^I^n"'ork purposes of the present war and necessitates the provision of of Stional accommodation in any locality for persons employed on that importance, work, the department may send to the Board constituted under

this Act a request to provide such accommodation, and if that Board are of opinion that for that purpose it is expedient to provide billets under this Act in that locality, it shall be lawful to billet the persons employed on such work in that locality in accordance with the provisions of this Act.

2. — (1) For the purposes of this Act there shall be Constitution constituted by order of the Minister of Munitions a Board to be "central called the Central Billeting Board, and hereinafter referred to as Billeting "the Board, " consisting of a chairman and representatives of Board, the Government departments concerned and such other persons, including one or more persons having special knowledge of housing conditions, as the Minister thinks fit (so however that

at least two members of the Board shall be women), and the Minister may by the same or any subsequent order provide for assigning to the Board such officers and servants as subject to the consent of the Treasury he may think necessary, and for regulating the procedure of the Board and the authentication of notices and other instruments issued by the Board.

(2) Where any Government department send to the Board such certificate and request as aforesaid they shall furnish to the Board such particulars as the Board may require, and the Board shall take the request into consideration, and, if it appears to them that for the purpose of providing the required accommodation it is expedient to do so, it shall be the duty of the Board to make arrangements as soon as practicable for billeting in the locality the workers for whom the accommodation is required:

Provided that where, with respect to any locality, the Army Council have given notice to the Board that, with a view to possible military exigencies, it is expedient that persons shall not be billeted under this Act in that locality, or shall be billeted only to such a limited extent as may be specified in the notice, it shall not be lawful for the Board to arrange for billeting in that locality or, as the case may be, in excess of the limits so specified.

(3) The Board may, subject to the approval of the Ministry of Munitions, make rules for any purpose for which rules are to be made under this Act, and generally for carrying this Act into operation.

3. — (1) Where the Board propose that workers should be Constitution

billeted in any locality, they shall establish a local committee o£

for the locality and shall for that purpose either — mittees.

(a) utilise the services of any existing organisation; or

(Jb) constitute, in such a manner as they think fit, a separate body;

30

Ch. 20.

Billeting of GivUians Act, 1917. 7 & 8 Geo/5.

and in either case shall provide for the inclusion as members of the committee of at least two representatives who are members of a local authority or local authorities which appear to the Board to be interested, and for the committee being assisted by one or more executive officers appointed by the Board, who shall receive such salary or other remuneration (if any) as the Board, with the consent of the Treasury, may determine, and the Board may from time to time vary the constitution of any such local committee.

(2) The Board may prescribe the procedure of local committees and the authentication of any notice or other instrument issued by any local committee.

(3) It shall be the duty of the local committee, subject to-rules made by the Board, —

(a) to ascertain the accommodation available in the locality

for billets, and the occupiers of premises within the locality who are willing to provide accommodation, and the amount of accommodation they are willing to provide; and

(b) to allocate the persons to be billeted amongst the various

persons liable to provide billets; and

(c) to prescribe the nature of the lodging, attendance, and

meals or food to be provided, and the scales of payment (within such limits as may be fixed by rules made by the Board) to be made therefor; and

(d)to supervise billets; and

(e) to hear and settle complaints by persons liable to provide billets or by whom billets have been provided, and by persons billeted.

(4) The rules of the Board regulating the administration by local committees of their duties under this Act shall provide that —

(a) the local committee in allocating billets shall in the first

instance allocate billets to such persons only as are willing to provide them, and generally shall have regard to the convenience of the several occupiers of premises;

(b) persons shall, so for as practicable, not be billeted on

the occupier of any premises who is unwilling to provide billets, or in excess of the number for which he is willing to provide, before he has been given an opportunity of submitting his objections to the committee;

(e) in the case of the following premises persons shall not be billeted on the occupier thereof without his consent, that is to say: —

(i) where the person to be billeted is a man, a house in which women only, with or without children, are living, a house of a member of any of His Majesty's forces who is absent on duty, the premises of any female religious community;

1917.

Billeting of Civilians Act, 1917. Ch. 20.

31

(ii) where the person to be billeted is a woman, a house in which men only, with or without children, are living, the premises of any male religious community;

(iii) bank premises;

(iv) the residence of any ambassador, minister, agent, or consul of any foreign country duly accredited as such.

4. — (1) It shall be the duty of the occupier of any premises Duty to pro-within a locality where this Act is in operation — vide billeta '

(o) to give to the local committee or their executive officer such information with respect to his premises and the persons for the time being residing therein as may be reasonably required for ascertaining the accommodation in the premises available for billets;

(6) to provide such billets as he may be required to provide under this Act, and to furnish such attendance and meals or food for the persons billeted on him as may reasonably be prescribed by regulations of the local committee, and generally to conform with any rules as to the treatment of persons billeted on him which may be made by the Board under this Act;

and if any such person refuses or wilfully neglects to comply with any of the foregoing provisions of this section he shall be liable on conviction before a court of summary jurisdiction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(2) Any occupier of any such premises who feels himself aggrieved by a proposal to billet persons on him, or by the number of persons to be billeted on him, or by the conduct or habits of persons billeted on him, may complain to the local committee, and the local committee shall take such complaint into consideration, and if satisfied of the justice of the complaint shall remedy the grievance; and if the occupier is dis-satisfied with the decision of the local committee he may appeal to the Board, and the Board shall take the matter into consideration and, after giving the local committee an opportunity of being heard, may make such order as in the circumstances may appear to the Board to be proper.

(3) Every person on whom any worker iB billeted shall be entitled to receive weekly payment in respect thereof in accordance with such scale applicable to the case as may be prescribed by regulations of the local committee, and to receive reasonable compensation for damage done to his premises and the contents thereof, fair wear and tear excepted, and any such sum shall, if the person billeted fails to pay it within one week after it has become due, be paid by the local committee.

(4) If any difference arises as to the amount of such compensation, the amount (if it cannot be settled by the conciliation of the local committee) shall be such as may be fixed by a certificate of the county court of the district in which the

32

Ch. 20.

52 & 53 Vict,

c. 72.

54 & 66 Vict. c. 76.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 65.

Duties and rights of persons billeted.

Billeting of Civilians Act, 1917. 7 & 8 Geo.

premises are situate, and the Lord Chancellor may make such rules as he thinks fit for the purposes of this subsection, and may by such rules provide for applications for certificates being made to and certificates given by the registrar, subject to appeal to the judge.

(5) If the occupier of any premises on whom a person is billeted under this Act suffers direct loss or damage, including loss of earnings, which he proves to the satisfaction of the Board to have been caused by the person so billeted being infected with or spreading any infectious disease to which the provisions of section six of the Infectious Disease (Notification) Act, 1889, section fifty-five, subsection (8) of the Public Health (London) Act, 1891, or regulations under section one hundred and thirty of the Public Health Act, 1875, extend, the Board may, if they think fit, pay reasonable compensation, and any sums paid by the Board as such compensation shall be treated as expenses of the Board.

5. — (1) It shall be the duty of any person billeted in any premises under this Act to observe such rules as to conduct as may be laid down by rules of the Board, and generally to conduct himself in such manner as to cause as little inconvenience as possible to the person on whom he is billeted.

(2) It shall not be lawful for any person so billeted —

(a) except in such cases as may be prescribed by rules

made by the Board, or except where leave of the executive officer has been obtained, to leave the billet without giving one week’s notice to the occupier of the premises, or making payment in lieu of notice; or

(b) to leave the billet without paying to the occupier of

the premises any sums which may be due from such person under this Act otherwise than as compensation for damage;

and if he leaves the billet in contravention of this provision he shall, if an information is laid by or on behalf of the local committee, be liable on conviction before a court of summary jurisdiction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(3) A local committee may at any time order any person billeted under this Act to leave a billet, and if such person fails to comply with any such order of the local committee he shall be liable on conviction before a court of summary jurisdiction to a fine not exceeding five pounds, and to a further fine not exceeding one pound for each day during which the offence continues.

(4) If a person so billeted is guilty of violence drunkenness or indecency, of such a character as to require his immediate removal from the premises where he is billeted, he shall be guilty of an offence against this Act, and liable on conviction before a court of summary jurisdiction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, and a person charged with any such offence may

1917.

Billeting of Civilians, 1917. Ch. 20.

33

be arrested without warrant by any constable, and the occupier of the premises shall have the same right of removing from the premises a person committing such an offence as if he were a trespasser.

(5) If a person billeted under this Act feels aggrieved as to his treatment in the billet, he may complain to the local committee, who shall take the complaint into consideration and, if satisfied of the justice of the complaint, shall take such steps as may be practicable to remedy the grievance.

(6) A person billeted under this Act shall be liable to pay every week to the occupier of the premises in which he is billeted such sums as may be prescribed by the scale applicable to the case as laid down by the local committee, and shall also be liable to pay reasonable compensation (to be ascertained in case of dispute in manner aforesaid) for any damage caused by him to the premises or the contents thereof (except fair wear and tear), and if on his making default in such payments the local committee is called upon to discharge his obligation, the amount shall be recoverable from him by the local committee summarily as a civil debt, and the court before which the proceedings are taken may, without prejudice to any other available means of recovery, make an order requiring such deductions to be made on account of the sum due from the wages of that person as the court may think fit, and requiring the person by whom the wages are for the time being paid to account for any sums deducted in accordance with the order.

6. If any person —

(o) personates or falsely represents himself to be a person authorised to demand any billet or to be billeted under this Act; or

(b)receives, demands, or agrees for any money or reward whatsoever to excuse or relieve any person from being entered in a list as liable, or from his liability to billets, under this Act, or from any part of such liability; or

(c) gives or agrees to give any money or reward to any

person to excuse or relieve him from being entered in a list as liable, or from his liability to billets under this Act, or any part of such liability; or

(d) gives or agrees to give any person billeted upon him

in pursuance of this Act any money or reward in lieu of receiving such person or furnishing such accommodation as is required by this Act; or

(e) for the purpose of avoiding or enabling any other

person to avoid any liability under this Act, gives to the local committee or an executive officer any false information with respect to any matter with respect to which he is required to furnish information under this Act; or

C

Offences

34

Ch. 20, 21. Billeting of Civilians, 1917. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Provisions as to rules.

66 & 67 Vict,

c. 66.

Expenses.

Saving.

Application to Scotland.

60 & 61 Vict. c. 38.

Short title and extent.

• (J) forges or fraudulently alters or uses or permits to be

fraudulently used any instrument issued for the purposes of this Act; .

he shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to imprisonment not exceeding three months or a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, or to both such imprisonment and fine.

7. All rules made under this Act by the Board shall be laid before Parliament as soon as may be after they are made, but such rules shall not be deemed to be statutory rules to which section one of the Rules Publication Act, 1893, applies.

8. The salaries or other remuneration of executive officers of local committees under this Act and all other expenses of local committees, to such extent as may be authorised by the Treasury, shall be paid by the Board, and all such expenses and any other expenses of the Board authorised by the Treasury shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament

9. No person shall without his consent be liable to have billeted on him under this Act any enemy subject.

10. In the application of this Act to Scotland, " sheriff court " shall be substituted for " county court, " references to Act of Sederunt made by the Court of Session shall be substituted for references to rules made by the Lord Chancellor, section seventy-eight of the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897, shall be substituted for section one hundred and thirty of the Public Health Act, 1875, and the reference to an information laid by or on behalf of a local committee shall not apply.

11. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Billeting of Civilians Act, 1917.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Ireland.

CHAPTER 21.

An Act to prevent the treatment of Venereal Disease otherwise than by duly qualified medical Practitioners, and to control the supply of Remedies therefor; and for other matters connected therewith.

[24th May 1917.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1917.

Venereal Disease, 1917. Ch. 21.

35

1. — (1) In any area in which this section is in operation, a person shall not, unless he is a duly qualified medical practitioner, for reward either direct or indirect, treat any person for venereal disease or prescribe any remedy therefor, or give any advice in connection with the treatment thereof, whether the advice is given to the person to be treated or to any other person.

(2) This section shall operate in any area to which it is applied by order of the Local Government Board, or, in Scotland and Ireland, the Local Government Board for Scotland and Ireland respectively:

Provided that no order shall be made in respect of any area until a scheme for the gratuitous treatment of persons in that area suffering from venereal disease has been approved by the Local Government Board, or, in Scotland and Ireland, the Local Government Board for Scotland and Ireland respectively, and is already in operation.

2. — (1) A person shall not by any advertisement or any public notice or announcement treat or offer to treat any person for venereal disease, or prescribe or of Eer to prescribe any remedy therefor, or offer to give or give any advice in connection with the treatment thereof.

(2) On and after the first day of November nineteen hundred and seventeen a person shall not hold out or recommend to the public by any notice or advertisement, or by any written or printed papers or handbills, or by any label or words written or printed, affixed to or delivered with, any packet, box, bottle, phial, or other inclosure containing the same, any pills, capsules, powders, lozenges, tinctures, potions, cordials, electuaries, plaisters, unguents, salves, ointments, drops, lotions, oils, spirits, medicated herbs and waters, chemical and officinal preparations whatsoever, to be used or applied externally or internally as medicines or medicaments for the prevention, cure, or relief of any venereal disease:

Provided that nothing in this section shall apply to any advertisement, notification, announcement, recommendation, or holding out made or published by any local or public authority or made or published with the sanction of the Local Government Board, or in Scotland and Ireland the Local Government Board for Scotland and Ireland respectively, or to any publication sent only to duly qualified medical practitioners or to wholesale or retail chemists for the purposes of their business.

3. If any person acts in contravention of any of the provisions of this Act, he shall be liable on conviction on indictment to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for a term not exceeding two years, or on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, or to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for a term not exceeding six months.

Prevention of the

treatment of

venereal

disease

otherwise

than by duly

qualified

persons.

Restriction on advertise* ments, &c.

Penalties.

36 Ch. 21, 22, 23, Venereal Disease Act, 1917. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Definition. 4. In this Act the expression "venereal disease" means

syphilis, gonorrhoea, or soft chancre.

[Short title.]

5. This Act may be cited as the Venereal Disease Act,

1917.

CHAPTER 22.

An Act to extend during the present War the term of service of members of the Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve.

[10th July 1917.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Exteniion of 1. The power under section five of the Royal Naval Reserve 8CTvice£ (Volunteer) Act, 1859, for His Majesty on any emergency by 22 k23 Vi t ^roc^amat^on to declare that such volunteers as may at the date c. 40. ° of such Proclamation be in actual service shall continue in such

actual service for a period of five years from the date of their respectively coming into actual service if their services be so long required, shall, during the continuance of the present war, s Edw. 7. c. 6. notwithstanding anything in section one of the Naval Forces Act, 1903, extend to the Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve as it extends to the Royal Naval Volunteers.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Royal Naval Volunteer

Reserve Act, 1917.

CHAPTER 23.

An Act to prohibit the use in shops and other places in Scotland of certain Machines or Mechanical Contrivances by the operation of which prizes or stakes in money or kind are won or lost by people resorting to such places.

[10th July 1917.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Prohibition of 1. — (1) It shall not be lawful to permit in any shop, office,

of machines room> or place> whether enclosed or not, the use of any machine or mechanical or mechanical contrivance for the purpose of any game, sport, fo^the*ariose hazard, or competition played or participated in by persons ofrgam£?&c! resorting to such shop, office, room, or place in which game, played for sport, hazard, or competition any prize or stake in money or prize or Bta e. *s awarJe(j or forfeited contingently on the result of the

1917.

37

Gaming Machines (Scotland) Ch. 23, 24.

Act, 1917.

operation of such machine or mechanical contrivance, whether such operation is automatic or not.

(2) Any person who being the owner, lessee, occupier, keeper, manager or person in charge of any shop, office, room, or place, or being the owner, lessee, or person in charge, or having control, of any such machine or mechanical contrivance, contravenes the provisions of this section shall be guilty of an offence, and shall be liable on conviction by a court of summary jurisdiction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding sixty days.

[[Short title and extent.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Gaming Machines (Scotland) Act, 1917, and shall apply to Scotland only.

CHAPTER 24.

An Act to amend the Trade Union Act Amendment Act, 1876, with respect to the amalgamation of Trade Unions.

[10th July 1917.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) Any two or more trade unions may become amalga- Amalgamation mated together as one trade union if in the case of each or ot umons* every such trade union, on a ballot being taken, the votes of

at least fifty per cent, of the members entitled to vote thereat are recorded, and of the votes recorded those in favour of the proposal exceed by twenty per cent, or more the votes against the proposal; and, accordingly, section twelve of the Trade 39 & 40 Vict. Union Act Amendment Act, 1876, shall have effect as if for °*22* the words "by the consent of not less than two thirds of the " members of each or every such trade union" there were substituted the words "if in the case of each or every such " trade union, on a ballot being taken, the votes of at least " fifty per cent, of the members entitled to vote thereat are " recorded, and of the votes recorded those in favour of the " proposal exceed by twenty per cent, or more the votes " against the proposal."

(2) For removing doubts it is hereby declared that the said section twelve applies to the amalgamation of one or more registered trade unions with one or more unregistered trade unions.

2. This Act may be cited as the Trade Union (Amalgama- short title and tion) Act, 1917, and the Trade Union Acts, 1871 to 1913, and citation, this Act may be cited together as the Trade Union Acts, 1871

to 1917.

Cft. 26. Courts (Emergency Powers), 1917. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

CHAPTER 25.

An Act to amend the Courts (Emergency Powers) Acts, 1914 to 1916, and the Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (War Restrictions) Act, 1915, and to grant relief in connexion •with the present war from liabilities and disqualifications arising out of certain contracts.

[10th July 1917.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) Where, upon an application by any party to a contract for the construction of any building or work or for the supply of any materials for any building or work entered into before the fourth day of August, nineteen hundred and fourteen, the court is satisfied that, owing to the prevention or restriction of, or the delay in, the supply or delivery of materials, or the diversion or insufficiency of labour, occasioned by the present war, the contract cannot be enforced according to its terms without serious hardship, the court may, after considering all the circumstances of the case and the position of all the parties to the contract and any offer which may have been made by any party for a variation of the contract, suspend or annul the contract or stay any proceedings for the enforcement of the contract or any term thereof or any rights arising thereunder on such conditions (if any) as the court may think fit.

For the purpose of this subsection where an offer made before the fourth day of August nineteen hundred and fourteen was binding on a contracting party if accepted within a specified period expiring after that date and was so accepted after that date, the contract shall be deemed to have been entered into before that date.

(2) Where, upon an application by any party to any contract whatsoever, the court is satisfied that, owing to any restriction or direction imposed or given by or in pursuance of any enactment relating to the defence of the realm or any regulation made thereunder, or owing to the acquisition or user by or on behalf of the Crown for the purposes of the present war of any ship or other property, any term of the contract cannot be enforced without serious hardship, the court may, after considering the circumstances of the case and the position of the parties to the contract and any offer which may have been made by any party for the variation of the contract, suspend or annul die contract or stay any proceedings for the enforcement of the contract or any term thereof or any rights arising thereunder on such conditions (if any) as the court may think fit.

This subsection shall apply to any obligation relating to the supply of water, heat, light, traction or power arising under any

1917 *

39

Courts (Emergency Powers) Act, 1917. On. 25.

Act of Parliament, or order having the force of an Act of Parliament, in like manner as it applies to a contract, except that it shall not be lawful for the court to annul any such obligation.

(3) This section shall be construed as one with the Courts 4 & 5 Geo. 6. (Emergency Powers) Act, 1914. c. 78.

2. Where, by virtue of any contract of tenancy, any person is Relief in bound to do or abstain from doing or is under any liability if he abstains from doing or does any act or thing, and by virtue of tractuai any enactment relating to the defence of the realm or any obligations, regulation made thereunder the doing of such act or thing is wholly or partially restricted or ordered, he shall not, during the continuance of the contract or on or after the termination thereof,

be liable to any mandatory order or any injunction or interdict in respect of such act or thing, or be liable to pay any sum of money or incur any forfeiture or other penalty in respect of the failure to do or the doing of such act or thing, if and in so far as the failure to do or the doing of such act or thing is attributable to compliance with such restriction or order as aforesaid:

Provided that the relief afforded by this provision from the obligation to do any such act or thing in consequence of such a restriction as aforesaid shall be subject to the following provisions: —

(a) If the restriction is removed during the currency of the

contract the obligation shall be fulfilled as soon as may be after the restriction is removed;

(b) If the restriction has not been removed before the

termination of the contract the person to whom the relief is given shall be liable to pay as damages a sum not exceeding the expenditure (if any) which would have been entailed by the fulfilment of the obligation.

3. Where, before or after the passing of this Act, the non- Relief from fulfilment of any contract (not being a contract of tenancy) was fITi" or is due to the compliance on the part of any person with any contracTinter-requirement, regulation, order, or restriction of any Government ferod with department or of a competent naval or military authority made, Gotertment issued, given or imposed for purposes connected with the department, present war, or with any direction or advice issued or given by

any Government department with the object of preventing transactions which, in the opinion of the department, would or might be contrary to national interests in connection with the present war, proof of that fact shall be a good defence to any action or proceeding in respect of the non-fulfilment of the contract. A certificate by the appropriate Government department shall be sufficient evidence that such direction or advice was issued or given and with such object as aforesaid.

4. — (1) Subsection (2) of section one of the Increase of Rent Power to

and Mortgage Interest (War Restrictions) Act, 1915, shall not Akiras oiT apply to a lease of a dwelling-house for a term of twenty-one leases for years or upwards. J1

40

Ch. 25. Courts (Emergency Poioers), 1917. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

6*7 Geo. 6. (2) Section two of the Courts (Emergency Powers) (No. 2)

c. 18. Act, 1916, is hereby repealed.

uTsumsmade — WWhere any sum has, whether before or after the

irrecoverable6 passing of this Act, been paid on account of any rent or by 5 & 6 Geo. 5. mortgage interest, being a sum which by virtue of the Increase c-97, of Rent and Mortgage Interest (War Restrictions) Act, 1915,

would have been irrecoverable by the landlord or mortgagee, the sum so paid shall at any time within six months after the date of payment, or, in the case of a payment made before the passing of this Act, within six months after the passing thereof, be recoverable from the landlord or mortgagee who received the payment or his Jegal personal representative by the tenant or mortgagor by whom it was paid, and may, without prejudice to any other method of recovery, be deducted by such tenant or mortgagor from any rent or interest payable within such six months by him to such landlord or mortgagee.

(2) If any person in any rent book or similar document makes an entry showing or purporting to show any tenant as being in arrear in respect of any sum which by virtue of the said Act is irrecoverable, or if, where any such entry has before the passing of this Act been made by or on behalf of any landlord, the landlord, on being requested by or on behalf of the tenant so to do, refuses or neglects to delete the entry, he shall on summary conviction be liable to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

(3) This section shall be construed as one with the Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (War Restrictions) Act, 1915.

Exclusion of 6. The provisions of section one, subsection (1) (a) of the actions o^tOTt ^ourts (Emergency Powers) Act, 1914, shall not apply to any from section judgment or order for recovery or payment of any sum of money 4°* ^Ge?5f or costs g*ven or made in any action of tort, or in Scotland in c. 78. 60 any action of reparation founded on delinquency, whether before or after the commencement of this Act.

totauesat* subsection (6) of section two of the Increase of Rent

ie88ethwirack and Mortgage Interest (War Restrictions) Act, 1915, which rent. relates to tenancies at less than rack rent, the word "standard "

shall be omitted, and at the end of the subsection there shall be inserted the following words " and this Act shall apply in respect " of such dwelling house as if no such tenancy existed or had " ever existed."

Application of 8. The Courts (Emergency Powers) Act, 1914, shall have of wSil^one e^ect in favour of officers and men of His Majesty's Forces with

of 4 & 6 Geo. 6. the following modification (that is to say) — c. 78, to officers.

and eoidiera. Subsection (1) of section one shall apply to any sum of money due and payable in pursuance of a contract made before the officer or man has joined His Majesty's Forces.

1917.

Courts (Emergency Powers), 1917. Ch. 25, 26.

41

9. — (1) Whereas by reason of the emergencies of the present J.elief war members of the Commons House of Parliament have some- tion'for ca’ times been, or may hereafter be, required to supply property to, membership or to permit the use thereof by, a Government department for common8ofn purposes connected with the present war, it is hereby declared certain cases, that none of the provisions of the House of Commons (Disqualification) Act, 1782, or of the House of Commons (Disqualifications) 22 Geo. 3. c. 45. Act, 3801, shall be construed so as to extend to a contract or 41 Geo. 3. c. 52. agreement entered into during the present war as to the price

or compensation to be paid for any property so requisitioned or taken or as to any other terms on which any property so requisitioned or taken is to be handed over or supplied.

(2) This section shall not affect any legal proceedings instituted before the twenty-first day of February, nineteen hundred and seventeen.

[Short title.]

10, This Act may be cited as the Courts (Emergency Powers) Act, 1917.

CHAPTER 26.

An Act to enable His Majesty in Council to carry into effect conventions which may be made with Allied and other States as to the mutual liability of His Majesty's subjects and subjects of the Allied and other States to military service.

[10th July 1917.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. His Majesty may by Order in Council, signifying that a Carrying out convention has been made with a foreign country allied or Jmngements otherwise acting in naval or military co-operation with His with Allied Majesty in the present war (in this Act referred to as the con- countries m tracting country) which imposes a mutual liability to military s°r?ice obiiga-service on British subjects in that country and on subjects of tions. that country in the United Kingdom, direct that this Act shall have effect with respect to the contracting country and the subjects of that country, and on any such Order in Council being made, this Act shall have effect accordingly: Provided that —

la) No such Order in Council shall be made unless the convention secures to His Majesty's Ambassador or other public Minister in the contracting country power to grant to British subjects in that country exemption from military service, and such Ambassador or Minister shall grant such exemption in any

42 Ch. 26. Military Service (Conventions with 7 && Geo. 5.

Allied States) Act, 1917.

case where a British subject proves that he is not domiciled in the contracting country, and that before proceeding to the contracting country he was ordinarily resident in some part of His Majesty's dominions other than Great Britain:

(b) No such Order in Council shall be made unless the

convention contains provisions to the effect that British subjects in the contracting country and subjects of the contracting country in the United Kingdom shall, before becoming liable to military service, have an opportunity, if they make an application for the purpose, of returning to the United Kingdom or the contracting country, as the case may be:

(c) An Order in Council shall not be made until the expira-

tion of thirty days from the date when the convention has been laid before Parliament.

Application 2. — (1) Where this Act is so applied with respect to any

SerriMActs. country, subjects of that country shall, if they have not, within twenty-one days after the convention has been laid before Parliament, made an application in such manner as may be prescribed by a Secretary of State to return to the contracting country, or if, having made such an application, they have failed to avail themselves of an opportunity to do so, be liable 5 Jt 6 Geo. 8. military service under the Military Service Acts, 1916, in c. 104. the same manner as British subjects; and those Acts shall

Its! Ge°*5 apply accordingly, subject to the following modifications:—

(a) The appointed date shall, as respects subjects of the

contracting country who come within the operation 7*8 Geo. 5. of the Military Service Acts, 1916 and 1917, on the

c. 12. application of this Act in respect of that country, be

the thirtieth day after the date of the Order in Council applying the Act, and as respects subjects of the contracting country who come within the operation of the Military Service Acts, 1916 and 1917, after that date, be the thirtieth day after the date on which they so come within the operation of those Acts, except that when such subjects come within the operations of those Acts by reason of their failing to avail themselves of an opportunity of returning to the contracting country, the appointed date shall be the date of such failure:

(b) A subject of the contracting country who has not made

such an application as aforesaid to return to that country shall have the same rights with regard to exemptions and exceptions conferred by the Military Service Acts, 1916 and 1917, other than the exceptions mentioned in paragraph (1) of the First Schedule to the first-mentioned Act, as he would have if he were

1917. Military Service (Conventions with Ch. 26, 27. 43

AUied States) Act, 1917.

a British subject, and, whether he has made such an application or not, shall be deemed to be within the exceptions under the Military Service Acts, 1916 and 1917, if he is the holder of a certificate of exemption for the time being in force granted by the Ambassador or a duly authorised public Minister of that country in the United Kingdom:

•(c) Regulations issued under the Military Service Acts, 1916 and 1917, may provide for the establishment of special tribunals for dealing with applications or appeals for exemption in respect of men who are rendered liable to military service by virtue of this Act and for the appointment of additional members to tribunals when dealing with such applications or appeals:

(d) Any British subject arriving in Great Britain from the

contracting country after the date of an Order in Council applying this Act to the subjects of that contracting country shall, if not ordinarily resident in Great Britain, be deemed for the purposes of the Military Service Acts, 1916 and 1917, to be ordinarily resident in Great Britain as from the date of his arrival, unless he shows that the part of His Majesty's dominions in which he last resided was some part other than Great Britain.

(2) For the purposes of the limitation on the number of aliens who may serve together at any one time in any corps of the regular forces imposed by section ninety-five of the Army Act, subjects of a contracting country who become liable to military service by virtue of the application of this Act in respect of their country shall not be reckoned in that number.

(3) For the purposes of this Act the expression "convention " includes an agreement.

3. This Act may be cited as the Military Service (Conventions short title and with Allied States) Act, 1917, and shall be included amongst CItation* the Acts which may be cited as the Military Service Acts, 1916 and 1917.

CHAPTER 27.

An Act to provide facilities for expeding confirmation in Scotland to estates of persons serving in Naval or Military Service during the present War.

[2nd August 1917.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

44

Ch. 27.

Procedure in petitions or application for confirmation to estates of persons serving in the Naval or Military Forces of the Crown, and reported missing and presumed to be dead.

Short title and extent.

Confirmation of Executors 7 8 Geo. 5.

(War Service) (Scotla) Act, 1917.

1. — (1) Where there is produced with any petition or application for confirmation as executor of any person who, at any time during the present war, has or shall have served in any of the Naval or Military Forces of the Crown a certificate or intimation issued by or on behalf of the Admiralty or the Army Council that a report of the death of any such person has been accepted for official purposes, or that such person was missing on a specified date, and that it has been presumed or concluded for official purposes that such person is dead, an oath or affirmation that to the best of the deponent’s knowledge and belief such person is dead shall, for the purposes of such petition or application, be equivalent in all respects to an oath or affirmation that such person died on the date appearing in the certificate or intimation as the date on which he was missing or reported to have died:Provided always that between the last-mentioned date and the date of presenting such petition or application a period of not less than twelve months shall have elapsed, or that between the date when such certificate or intimation has been issued and the date of presenting such petition or application a period of not less than six months shall have elapsed.

(2) On any such petition or application being presented, the sheriff, without prejudice to any other powers or duties, may order intimation to the Admiralty or Army Council, and direct such advertisement (if any) as he shall think fit.

(3) Notwithstanding any provision in any Act, it shall not be necessary in any petition for appointment as executor of any person, in regard to whom such certificate or intimation, as hereinbefore referred to, shall have been issued and shall be produced along with such petition, to aver that such person died on any specified date; but it shall be sufficient to aver that such certificate or intimation has been issued, and that to the best of the petitioner’s knowledge and belief such person is dead.

(4:) The provisions of this section shall not apply to any petition or application presented by a creditor.

(5) The Court of Session may by Act of Sederunt alter or amend any of the forms of procedure required in connection with the appointment or confirmation of executors, whether prescribed by any Act or otherwise, and may provide any additional forms, and may make any regulations and prescribe any fees necessary for carrying the purposes of this Act into effect.

2. This Act may be cited as the Confirmation of Executors-(War Sendee) (Scotland) Act, 1917, and shall apply to Scotland only.

1917.

Ch. 28.

45

Companies (Particulars as to

Directors) Act, lyl7.

CHAPTER 28.

An Act to provide for the disclosure of certain particulars respecting the Directors of Companies.

[2nd August 1917.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. In addition to the particulars with respect to the persons Obligation of who are the directors, or occupy the position of directors, which to

by section twenty-six of the Companies (Consolidation) Act, 1908, particulars are required to be included in the annual summary, or, in the case of a company incorporated outside the United Kingdom 8 Edw 7 c 69 which establishes a place of business within the United Kingdom, are, by section two hundred and seventy-four of that Act, required to be included amongst the particulars to be filed with the Registrar of Companies, there shall be included such particulars with respect to those persons as would be required to be furnished with respect to them under the Registration of Business 6 a7 Geo. 5. Names Act, 1916, if they were partners in a firm required to he c*58* registered under that Act, and the register required to be kept by a company under section seventy-five of the Companies (Consolidation) Act, 1908, shall include such particulars as aforesaid, and the obligation of the company under that section, or in the case of a company incorporated outside the United Kingdom under section two hundred and seventy-four of the said Act, from time to time to notify to the registrar any change among its directors shall include an obligation so to notify any change in any such particulars.

2. — (1) Every company which has been registered between Additional the twenty-second day of November, nineteen hundred and ^panies of sixteen, and the passing of this Act, and every company incorporated outside the United Kingdom which has before the passing of this Act established a place of business within the United Kingdom, shall, within one month after the passing of this Act, and every company registered after the passing of this Act shall, within one month of the registration of the company, send to the registrar of companies, in such form as may be prescribed by the Board of Trade, such particulars respecting the directors of the company and, except in the case of a company incorporated outside the United Kingdom, respecting the persons who since the registration of the company have been directors of the company, as would be required to be furnished with respect to them qnder the Registration of Business Names Act, 1916, if they were partners in a firm required to be registered under that Act, and if default is made in compliance with this section, the company shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds for every day

46

Ch. 28, 29.

Meaning of director.

Shoot title

and citation. 3 & 4 Geo. 5.

c. 25.

7 & 8 Geo. 5. c. 18.

Companies (Particulars as to Directors), 1917.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

during which the default continues, and every director, secretary, and officer of the company who is knowingly a party to the default shall be guilty of a like offence and liable to a like penalty.

(2) Sections eighteen and nineteen of the Registration of Business Names Act, 1916, with respect to the publication in trade catalogues, trade circulars, show cards, and business letters of certain particulars, shall after the expiration of three months from the passing of this Act apply to every company which since the said twenty-second day of November, nineteen hundred and sixteen, has been registered or, in the case of a company incorporated outside the United Kingdom which has since the said twenty-second day of November, nineteen hundred and sixteen, established a place of business within the United Kingdom, or which may after the passing of this Act be registered or establish a place of business within the United Kingdom, as if the directors of the company were partners in a firm required to be registered under the first-mentioned Act:

Provided that if special circumstances exist which render it, in the opinion of the Board, expedient that such an exemption should be granted, the Board of Trade may by order grant, subject to such conditions as may be specified in the order, exemption from the obligations imposed by this subsection.

3. For the purposes of this Act and of sections twenty-six, seventy-five, and two hundred and seventy-four of the Companies (Consolidation) Act, 1908, as amended by this Act, the expression "director " shall include any person who occupies the position of a director and any person in accordance with whose directions or instructions the directors of a company are accustomed to act.

4. This Act may be cited as the Companies (Particulars as to Directors) Act, 1917; and the Companies Acts, 1908 and 1913, the Companies (Foreign Interests) Act, 1917, and this Act may be cited together as the Companies Acts, 1908 to 1917.

CHAPTER 29.

An Act to modify, during the continuance of the present War, and for a certain period thereafter, certain provisions contained in a Deed of Declaration or Deed Poll of the Reverend John Wesley, dated the twenty-eighth day of February, seventeen hundred and eighty-four.

[2nd August 1917.]

WHEREAS by deed of declaration or deed poll of the Reverend John Wesley, dated the twenty-eighth day of February, seventeen hundred and eighty-four, provision was

1917. Wesleyan Methodists (Appointments Ch. 29, 30. 47

during the War) Act, 1917.

made as to the yearly conference of the people called Methodists, and as to the powers of the said conference:

And whereas by the eleventh regulation contained in the said deed it was provided as follows, viz.: —

" Eleventh, the Conference shall not nor may nominate or appoint any person to the use and enjoyment of or to preach and expound God’s Holy Word in any of the chapels and premises so given or conveyed, or which may be given or conveyed upon the trusts aforesaid, who is not a member of the Conference or admitted into connexion with the same, or upon trial as aforesaid, nor appoint any person for more than three years successively to the use and enjoyment of any chapel and premises already given or to be given or conveyed upon the trusts aforesaid, except ordained ministers of the Church of England."

And whereas it is expedient that during such period as aforesaid the said eleventh regulation should be varied in manner hereinafter appearing:

And whereas the objects aforesaid cannot be effected without the authority of Parliament:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. During the continuance of the present war, and for a Modification of period thereafter up to and including the date of the holding of j^a^tion the next conference after the termination thereof, the provisions

of the said eleventh regulation, whereby the period for which a person may be appointed to the use and enjoyment of any chapel and premises is, except as therein specified, limited to three successive years, shall cease to have effect, and the said regulation shall have effect accordingly as if all words after the words "upon trial as aforesaid " were omitted therefrom.

2. This Act may be cited as the Wesleyan Methodists short title. (Appointments during the War) Act, 1917.

CHAPTER 30.

An Act to enable Local Authorities in Ireland to provide allotments and otherwise promote the cultivation of land, and for other purposes incidental thereto.

[2nd August 1917.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

48

Ch. 30.

Local Government (Allotments and 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Land Cultivation) (Ireland), 1917.

Provision of allotments and supply of agricultural requisites by district councils.

1. — (1) For the purpose of enabling district councils to promote the cultivation of land during the present war, the Local Government Board may make orders —

(a) authorising any urban district council to provide allot-

ments for persons resident or employed within their district; and

(b) authorising any urban or rural district council to supply

manures, seeds, and agricultural implements to the holders or tenants of allotments or labourers’ plots provided by the council and of small holdings situated within their district.

(2) An order authorising the provision of allotments by an urban district council may empower the council to hire land, whether situated within or without their district, and to let in allotments the land so hired, or any other land at the disposal of the council, or in any exceptional circumstances as defined by the Local Government Board, to cultivate or arrange for the cultivation of any such land, and may prescribe the conditions on which land may be hired and the manner and conditions in and on which the allotments may be allocated, let, and managed, or the land may be otherwise used.

(3) An order authorising the supply of manures, seeds, or agricultural implements by a council may prescribe the class and description of articles that may be supplied and the manner and conditions in and on which the articles may be procured by the council and may be supplied by them.

(4) An order under this section may —

(a) provide for the appointment of committees of councils,

prescribe the procedure of councils and committees and the accounts to be kept by them, and define the duties of officers;

(b) provide for the expenses incurred by councils in the

execution of the order being defrayed in the like manner as expenses incurred for the purposes of the Public Health (Ireland) Acts, 1878 to 1907, and empower councils to borrow for the purposes of the order;

(e) provide for the measures to be taken by a council or committee with a view to the prevention of losses on the part of the council;

(d) provide for the manner in which the price of articles supplied by a council is to be repaid and the manner in which such price or the possession of the allotments may be recovered, and for that purpose may apply the provisions of the Summary Jurisdiction Acts or other appropriate enactments, with such modifications and extensions as seem requisite;

and may contain any incidental, consequential, or supplemental provisions which may appear to the Board to be necessary or proper for the purposes of the order.

1917.

49

Local Government (and Ch. 30, 31.

Land Cultivation) (Ireland) Act, 1917.

(5) An order under this section may be made so as to apply generally to all urban district councils or all rural district councils, or so as to apply only to the council or councils specified therein, and the provisions of any order made under this section and for the time being in force shall have effect as if enacted in this Act, but may be varied or revoked by any subsequent order made under this section.

(6) Any acts done or arrangements made by the Local Government Board, or by any local authority or officer with the sanction of that Board, after the first day of January nineteen hundred and seventeen, and before the passing of this Act, shall be as valid and effectual as if done or made after the passing of this Act and under the authority of this Act or of an order under this Act.

2. — (1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, —

The expression "Local Government Board" means the Local Government Board for Ireland;

The expression "small holding" means a holding not exceeding ten pounds in rateable value; and

The expression "labourer’s plot" means a plot provided under the Labourers (Ireland) Acts, 1883 to 1914, whether with or without a cottage.

(2) This Act shall apply to Ireland only, and may be cited as the Local Government (Allotments and Land Cultivation) (Ireland) Act, 1917.

CHAPTER 31.

An Act to grant certain duties of Customs and Inland Revenue (including Excise), to alter other duties, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue (including Excise) and the National Debt, and to make further provision in connection with Finance.

[2nd August 1917.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray Your Majesty's public expenses, and making an addition to the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several duties hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

D

Interpretation, extent, | and short title.

50

Ch. 31.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Continuance of Customs duties imposed under 5 & 6 Geo. 5. c. 89.

Continuance of Excise duties imposed under 6 &

Geo. 6. c. 89.

Increase of entertainments duty. «; Geo. 5.c. 11.

Continuance of additional duties on tobacco at double rate.

Finance Act, 1917.

Part I.

Customs and Excise.

1. The following duties of Customs, imposed by Part I. of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1915, shall continue to be charged, levied, and paid until the first day of August nineteen hundred and eighteen, that is to say: —

Duty.

Section of Act.

Increased duty on tea Additional duties on dried fruit Additional duty on motor spirit New import duties

1

8

10 (1) 12

2. The following duties of Excise, imposed by Part I. of the Finance (No. 2j Act, 1915, shall continue to be charged, levied, and paid until the first day of August nineteen hundred and eighteen, that is to say: —

Duty.

Additional duty on motor spirit -Additional medicine duties

Section of Act.

. 10(2)

• 11

3. On and after the first day of October nineteen hundred and seventeen "section one of the Finance (New Duties) Act, 1916, shall have effect as if the following scale of rates of entertainments duty were substituted for the scale set forth in that section —

Where the payment, excluding the amount of the duty —

does not exceed 2d. — exceeds 2d. and does not exceed Ad. —

a halfpenny, one penny.

Ad., , 6d. — twopence.

6d., , Is. — threepence.

Is., , 2s. — fourpence.

2s., , 3s. — sixpence.

3s., , 5s. — ninepence.

os., , 7s. 6d. — one shilling.

7 8. 6d., , I Os. 6d. — one shilling and

sixpence.

10s. 6 d., , 15s. — two shillings.

15s. — two shillings for the first 15s. and sixpence for every 5s. or part of 5s. over fifteen shillings.

4. — (1) The additional duties of Customs payable under Part I. of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1915, on tobacco imported into Great Britain or Ireland, shall, as from the third day of May nineteen hundred and seventeen, be doubled, and shall continue to be charged levied and paid at the double rate until

1917.

Finance A, 1917. Ch. 31.

51

the sixteenth day of July nineteen hundred and seventeen, and as from the last-mentioned date the said additional duties instead of being charged at the double rate shall be increased by fifty per cent, and shall continue to be charged levied and paid at that increased rate until the first day of August nineteen hundred and eighteen.

(2) The additional duties of Excise payable under Part I. of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1915, on tobacco grown in Great Britain or Ireland, shall, as from the third day of May nineteen hundred and seventeen, be doubled, and shall continue to be charged levied and paid at the double rate until the sixteenth day of July nineteen hundred and seventeen, and as from the last-mentioned date the said additional duties instead of being charged at the double rate shall be increased by fifty per cent, and shall continue to be charged levied and paid at that increased rate until the first day of August nineteen hundred and eighteen.

(3) Subsection (3) of section eighty-three of the Finance io Edw. 7. c. 8. (1909-10) Act, 1910, and any other enactment relating to drawback on tobacco, shall have effect as if the rates set out in

Part I. and Part II. of the First Schedule to this Act were respectively substituted for the rates set out in Part III. of the Second Schedule to the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1915, in cases where it is shown that additional duty has been paid at the double rate imposed by this section or the increased rate imposed by this section, as the case may be.

5. It is hereby declared that the repeal by section ei gnteen Effect of

of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1915, of section two of the Finance JJ*2a80«?6 Act, 1912 (which related to the distribution of payments on c. 8. by account of liquor licence duties in certain cases), operates and 6 6 6-

has always operated so as to extinguish any liability to make c" 9‘ payments in pursuance of the said section two after die date of the repeal, whether or not the liability existed before the date of the repeal:

Provided that nothing in this section shall affect the validity of any payments actually made between the date of the repeal and the date of the passing of this Act.

6. The provisions of section forty-two of the Customs Con- Power to solidation Act, 1876, relating to tobacco, and section one ^uce mini-hundred and sixty-three of that Act, as respectively amended S^ckage*1 by section five of the Finance Act, 1896, shall have effect of imported as if the words "weighing not less than eighty pounds gross a^&To Vict.

M weight or such less weight as the Commissioners of Customs c. 36.

" and Excise (subject to such conditions, if any, as they think 60 Victfit to impose) may permit " were therein inserted in substitution for the words "of the gross weight of not less than " eighty pounds."

7. — (1) In order to give relief in respect of the restriction Reduction of of business caused by the Intoxicating Liquor (Output and reTpeS of the" Delivery) Order, 1917, the holder of an excise liquor licence, restriction on

52

Ch. 31.

Finance A, 1917.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

the output and delivery of intoxicating liquor

5 Geo. 5. c. 7.

6 & 6 Geo. 5. c. 62.

Relief from duty on liquor licences where business cannot be carried on.

6 & 7 Geo. 5. c. 66.

being one of the licences specified in the Second Schedule to this Act, shall be entitled to obtain, on the expiration of the licence, repayment in respect of the duty paid by him for the licence at the rate of one-sixteenth part of the duty for a full year for every month or part of a month during which the said order has been in force and the licence has been current, but repayment shall not in any case exceed three-fourths of the duty paid for the licence.

(2) The provisions of this section shall have effect as from and after the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and seventeen, and as regards any excise liquor licence to which this section applies, but, subject always to the right of the holder of any such licence to a proportionate repayment or rebate in respect of the period ending on the said thirty-first day of March, the provisions of section nine of the Finance Act, 1914 (Session 2), section six of the Finance Act, 1915, and section seventeen of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1915, shall cease to have effect.

8. — (1) Where the holder of any wholesale dealer’s or retailer’s licence taken out under Part II. of the Finance (1909-10) Act, 1910, satisfies the Commissioners of Customs and Excise that by reason of the licensed premises having been destroyed or seriously damaged, or by reason of any prohibition or restriction imposed by or under the authority of any enactment or regulation in connection with the present war, the business for the purpose of which or in connection with which the licence was granted has been discontinued, he shall, on making application to the Commissioners within one month after the discontinuance or within such longer period as the Commissioners may in any special case allow, be entitled to obtain repayment, or, so far as the duty has not been paid, remission, of such part of the duty for the year as bears to the full amount of that duty the same proportion as the period during which the business is not carried on, or the part thereof falling within the year, bears to a whole year.

(2) In any such case as aforesaid (but as respects any case to which section eight of the Dublin Reconstruction (Emergency Provisions) Act, 1916, applies without prejudice to the rights under that section), the excise licence, and any justices’ licence on the authority of which the excise licence was granted, shall be deemed to be suspended as from the commencement of the period aforesaid; but at the expiration of that period any such justices’ licence shall revive, and have effect as if it had been granted for the then current licensing year, and, if the revival takes place between the date of the general annual licensing meeting in any licensing year and the end of the year, as if it had been granted for that year and the next licensing year, or, in the case of a licence granted for a term, as if the term were extended by a period equal to the period of suspension, and the holder of an excise licence which has been so treated as suspended shall be entitled to take out an excise licence on payment

1917.

Finance Act, 1917. Ch. 31.

53

of such an amount in respect of excise duty as would have been payable by him had he been a new beginner at the expiration of that period:

Provided that if during the period for which any licence is so treated as suspended a contingency occurs upon which a transfer of the licence might have been granted but for the suspension, a transfer may be granted either —

(a) at the time at which, and to a person to whom, a transfer

might have been granted had the licence not been suspended; or

(b) after the expiration of the period to any person to whom

a transfer might have been granted had the contingency occurred immediately after the expiration of the period:

Provided also that if during the period for which any licence is so treated as suspended a person desires to make an objection on the ground of misconduct to the revival of the licence he may make such an objection in the same manner as he may make an objection to the renewal of a justices’ licence, and if on any such objection being made the justices certify that had the licence not been suspended they would have refused the renewal thereof the licence shall not revive.

(3) The licence-holder before making an application under subsection (1) of this section shall give notice of his intention to the registered owner of the premises.

(4) In the application of this section to Scotland references to a justices’ licence shall be construed as references to a certificate as defined in Part VII. of the Licensing (Scotland) Act, 1903, references to the date of the general annual licensing meeting shall be construed as references to the last date for lodging applications for certificates to be granted at the April half-yearly meeting of the licensing court, and references to the justices shall be construed as references to the licensing court.

(5) In the application of this section to Ireland references to a justices’ licence shall be construed as references to a justices’ certificate, and references to the general annual licensing meeting shall be construed as references to the annual licensing sessions. 9 10

9. Where the holder of any licence to keep a motor car granted for the year nineteen hundred and seventeen has at any time before the first day of July in the said year surrendered the licence in such manner and to such person or authority as may have been prescribed by regulations made by the Treasury, for the purpose of being cancelled, he shall be entitled to repayment of one-half of the duty paid on the licence.

Part II.

Income Tax.

10. — (1) Income tax for the year beginning on the sixth day of April nineteen hundred and seventeen shall be charged at the

3 Edw. 7.C. 36.

Repayment of half duty on surrender of motor car licence for current year.

Income tax for 1917-18.

54

Ch. 31.

Finance A, 1917.

7 & 8 Geo. a.

6*7 Geo. 5. c. 24.

16 17 Vict. c. 34.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 67.

Continuance of certain relief from income tax.

rate of five shillings, and super-tax, and the additional income tax under section twenty-seven of the Finance Act, 1916, on securities which the Treasury are willing to purchase, shall be charged, levied, and paid for that year at the same rates as those charged for the year beginning on the sixth day of April nineteen hundred and sixteen.

(2) All such enactments relating to income tax, including super-tax and the said additional income tax, as were in force with respect to the duties of income tax granted for the year beginning on the sixth day of April nineteen hundred and sixteen shall have full force and effect with respect to any duties of income tax hereby granted.

(3) The annual value of any property which has been adopted for the purpose either of income tax under Schedules A. and B. in the Income Tax Act, 1853, or of inhabited house duty, for the year ending on the fifth day of April nineteen hundred and seventeen, shall be taken as the annual value of such property for the same purpose for the next subsequent year; provided that this subsection —

(a) so far as respects the duty on inhabited houses in

Scotland, shall be construed with the substitution of the twenty-fourth day of May for the fifth day of April; and

(b) shall not apply to the metropolis as defined by the

Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869.

11. The provisions of sections twenty-nine, thirty, and forty-three of the Finance Act, 1916 (which give relief from income tax in certain cases for the then current income tax year), shall have effect as if herein re-enacted and in terms made applicable to the income tax year beginning on the sixth day of April nineteen hundred and seventeen:

Provided that —

(a) for the words from " and in calculating " to the end of subsection (2) of the said section thirty, there shall be substituted the words "and in calculating " the earned income on which relief is to be given " under this section the deductions required to be " made from earned income under subsection (2) " of section nineteen of the Finance Act, 1907, as " amended by any other Act, shall not be made " from the pay unless and except in so far as " the amount of those deductions exceeds the " aggregate amount of the earned income other " than the pay and of the unearned income "; and

(b) the said section thirty, as so amended, shall apply to any person who during the current income tax year has served, or serves, for not less than three months as master or a member of the crew of any ship or fishing boat as it applies to any of the persons mentioned in that section.

1917.

Finance A, 1917. Ch. 31.

ftft

12. — (1) Section thirteen of the Finance Act* 1914 (Session 2) S’SSJKJSbp

(which gives relief in respect of diminution of income due to 5 5> c<

war), shall apply to income tax (including super-tax) for the s.'i3. current income-tax year, but with the substitution, as regards postponed super-tax, of the first day of January nineteen hundred

and nineteen for the first day of January nineteen hundred and sixteen as the date on which the postponed super-tax is to become payable.

(2) Any payment of super-tax for any year (hereinafter referred to as the year of charge) which has been postponed under section thirteen of the Finance Act, 1914 (Session 2), as continued by section twenty of the Finance Act, 1915, and section twenty-eight of the Finance Act, 1916, or which has been postponed and further postponed under those sections, may be further postponed until the first day of January nineteen hundred and nineteen, if the individual from whom the payment is due proves to the satisfaction of the Special Commissioners that his actual income from all sources for the current income-tax year is or will be less than two-thirds of the income on which he was liable to be charged to super-tax for the year of charge.

13. — (1) If any individual who has been assessed or charged to Relief ttom. income tax or has paid income tax either by deduction or other- |ncome wise, claims and proves in manner prescribed by the Income Gf adopted Tax Acts that his total income from all sources, although children, exceeding one hundred and thirty pounds does not exceed seven hundred pounds* and that for the year for which the income tax

is charged he has the custody of and maintains at his own expense a child or children under the age of sixteen years at the commencement of that year and that neither he nor any other individual is entitled to relief from income tax in respect of the same child or children by virtue of section sixty-eight of the Finance (1909-10) Act, 1910, as amended by any subsequent enactment, or if any other individual is entitled to such relief that that other individual has relinquished his claim thereto, he shall be entitled in respect of every such child to relief from income tax equal to the amount of the income tax upon twenty-five pounds.

(2) The provisions of subsections (2) and (3) of section sixty-eight of the Finance (1909-10) Act, 1910, as amended by any subsequent enactment, shall apply to the relief given under this section, to the manner of claiming such relief, and to the proof to be given with respect thereto, as if they were herein re-enacted and in terms made applicable to this section.

14. — (1) Where in pursuance of the provisions of any will Relief from or settlement any income arising from any fund is accumulated 1^" for the benefit of any person contingently on his attaining some inwm^ocu-specified age or marrying, and the aggregate amount in any muiated ante income tax year of that income and the income from any other trustfl* fund subject to the like trusts for accumulation and of the total

income of that person from all sources (hereinafter referred to as " the aggregate yearly income ") is of such an amount only as

56

Ch. 31.

Finance Act, 1917.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Application of s. 22 of the Finance Act, 1916, to interest on advances by members of stock exchanges and disoount booses.

Repayment of income tax on sums deducted from profits.

5'A 6 Geo. 5. o. 54.

7 Edw. 7. c. 13.

would entitle an individual either to total exemption from income tax or to relief from income tax, that person shall, on making a claim for the purpose within three years after the end of the income tax year in which the contingency happens, be entitled, on proof of the claim in manner prescribed by the Income Tax Acts, to have repaid to him on account of the income tax which has been paid in respect of the income during the period of accumulation a sum equal to the aggregate amount of relief to which he would have been entitled if his total income from all sources for each of the several years of the said period had been equal to the aggregate yearly income for that year, but in calculating that sum a deduction shall be made in respect of any relief already received.

(2) All the provisions of the Income Tax Acts which relate to claims for exemption, relief, or abatement, or the proof to be given with respect to those claims, shall apply to claims for relief under this section and the proof to be given with respect to those claims.

15. Section twenty-two of the Finance Act, 1915 (which’ provides for the repayment in certain cases of income tax on interest paid to banks), shall, subject as hereinafter mentioned, apply to interest (not being yearly interest) payable in the United Kingdom on an advance from a person who in the opinion of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue is bona fide carrying on business as a member of a stock exchange in the United Kingdom or from any person who in the opinion of the said Commissioners is bona fide carrying on the business of a discount house in the United Kingdom, as it applies to interest payable on an advance from a bank:

Provided that no repayment shall be made under the said section as applied by this section unless the Commissioners of Inland Revenue are satisfied that the interest has been or will be brought into account in the return made or to be made for the purposes of income tax by the person making the advance.

16. — (1) Where a deduction on account of any of the matters specified in section thirty-nine of the Finance Act, 1916 (which provides for the repayment of income tax on sums deducted from profits) has been allowed for the purposes of excess profits duty in calculating the profits of a controlled establishment for any period during which it is subject to control, that section shall, subject to the necessary modifications, apply as it applies where a deduction has been allowed in calculating those profits for the purposes of Part II. of the Munitions of War Act, 1915:

Provided that a repayment of income tax shall not be allowed under this section and also under the said section thirty-nine in respect of the same deduction.

(2) Subsection (3) of section twenty-six of the Finance Act, 1907, shall apply, with the necessary modifications, with respect to any repayment of income tax under the said section thirty-nine or this section, as it applies with respect to deductions for wear and tear.

-19] 7.

Finance A, 1917. Ch. 31.

57

17. — (1) Where any securities have been issued in connection with any Government loan raised for the purposes of the present war and such securities were issued subject to the condition that the interest thereon should be exempt from assessment to income tax, but should not be exempt from super-tax, the interest on the securities shall be exempt from assessment to income tax but shall not be exempt from super-tax.

(2) The interest on* any such securities shall, for the purposes of super-tax and for the purposes of any relief from income tax which depends on the total income from all sources, be treated as part of the total income from all sources as if the amount actually received represented net income after deduction -of income tax at the highest current rate; but nothing in this provision shall be construed as entitling any person to the repayment of any sum on account of income tax on the ground that he is to be treated as having paid income tax at such rate as aforesaid on the interest so exempt.

18. — (1) Section sixty-four of the Finance Act, 1916 (which relates to the payment of interest on Exchequer bonds without deduction of income tax), shall apply and shall be deemed always to have applied to registered or inscribed stock of the five per cent. War Loan, 1929-1947, and to any stock which has been converted into that stock or into stock of the four per cent. War Loan, 1929-1942, as it applies to Exchequer bonds.

(2) Section forty-one of the Finance Act, 1916, is hereby repealed.

19. Where interest on any securities issued in connection with any Government loan raised for the purposes of the present war is paid without deduction of income tax, any person by whom such interest is paid, and any person who receives on behalf of any other person (being a registered or inscribed holder of any such security) anjr interest, so paid without deduction of income tax, and any person who has acted as intermediary in the purchase of any securities on which the interest is payable without deduction of income tax, shall, on being so required by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, furnish to them —

(a) the names and addresses of the persons to whom such

interest has been paid or on whose behalf such interest has been received, or on whose behalf such securities have been purchased;

(b) the amount of the interest so paid or received, or the

amount of the securities so purchased.

Part 1U.

Excess Profits Duty.

20. — (1) The Finance (No. 2) Act, 1915 (in this Part of this Act referred to as the principal Act), shall, so far as it relates to excess profits duty, apply, unless Parliament otherwise determines, to any accounting period ending on or after the

Provisions aa to interest free from income tax.

Provisions as to interest payable without deduction of income tax.

Returns as to interest, &c. paid without deduction of income tax.

Continuance and increase of rate of excess profits duty.

58

Ch. 31.

Finance A, 1917.

7 & 8 Geo. 5,

Increase of rate of exoeas mineral rights duty.

first day of August nineteen hundred and seventeen and before the first day of August nineteen hundred and eighteen, as it applies to accounting periods ended after the fourth day of August nineteen hundred and fourteen and before the first day of August nineteen hundred and seventeen.

(2) Section thirty-eight of the principal Act shall, as respects excess profits arising in any accounting period commencing on or after the first day of January nineteen hundred and seventeen, have effect as if eighty per cent, of the excess were substituted as the rate of duty for sixty per cent, of the excess, or, in the case of an accounting period which commenced before that date but ends after that date, as if eighty per cent, were substituted for sixty per cent, as respects so much of the excess as may be apportioned under this Act to the part commencing on that date.

In calculating any repayment or set off under subsection (3) of section thirty-eight of the principal Act any amount to be repaid or set off on account of a deficiency or loss arising in any accounting period commencing on or after the first day of January nineteen hundred and seventeen, or, in the case of an accounting period which has commenced before that date but ends after that date, on account of so much of the deficiency or loss as may be apportioned under this Act to the part commencing on that date, shall be calculated by reference to duty at the rate of eighty per cent.

Any additional duty payable by virtue of this section in respect of a past accounting period may be assessed and recovered notwithstanding that duty has already been assessed in respect of that period.

(3) It shall be the duty of every person chargeable to excess profits duty, if he has not previously given notice of his liability to be charged with excess profits duty in respect of any accounting period, to give notice to the Commissioners within two months after the termination of any accounting period in respect of which he is chargeable, or, if the accounting period terminated before the passing of this Act, within one month after the passing of this Act.

If any person fails to give the notice required by this provision he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, and to a further fine not exceeding ten pounds a day for every day during which the offence continues after conviction therefor. 21

21. Section forty-three of the principal Act (which relates to excess mineral rights duty) shall have effect as if eighty per cent, of the excess were substituted as the rate of duty for sixty per cent, for any accounting year commencing on or after the first day of January nineteen hundred and seventeen, or, in the case of an accounting year which commenced before that date but ends after that date, as if eighty per cent, were substituted for sixty per cent, as respects so much of the excess as may be apportioned under this Act to the part commencing on that date, and any additional duty may be recovered accordingly:

1917.

Finance Act, 1917. Ch. 31.

59

Provided that where it is shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners that the amount payable as rent under any lease or agreement for a lease for any accounting year in respect of which or any part of which excess mineral rights duty is payable at the rate of eighty per cent, is not greater than the average amount payable as rent for the two pre-war years the prices in which are selected by the taxpayer for the purpose of determining the pre-war rent values of the rent for the accounting year, or would be reduced below that amount by the payment of excess mineral rights duty, no excess mineral rights duty or, as the case may be, such an amount of excess mineral rights duty only as will reduce the amount payable as rent for the accounting year to the said average amount, shall be paid for that accounting year.

22. — (1) In computing the excess profits duty of any trade Special pro-or business which consists wholly or partly of the business of SScKwfaJ* shipping the provisions of subsection (3) of section thirty-eight and io«e« of SJ of the principal Act (which relate to the repayment or setting shipping 3| off of duty on account of deficiencies or losses) shall not apply conoernB* in relation to any deficiency or loss in any accounting period commencing on or after the first day of January nineteen hundred and seventeen, and in the case of an accounting period which has commenced before that date but ends after that date, shall not apply in relation to so much of the deficiency or loss as may be apportioned under this Act to the part commencing on that date:

Provided that —

(a) where the shipping business is carried on merely as ancillary to the principal trade or business, the provisions of this section shall not apply;

(b) where the trade or business carried on does not consist wholly of shipping, and the part which does not consist of shipping is not merely ancillary to the business of shipping, such apportionment of any deficiency or loss shall be made by the Commissioners as may be necessary to limit the application of this section to such part of the business as consists of shipping; and

(c) if in any such accounting period as aforesaid there has been a loss or the profits have not reached the point which would have involved liability to excess profits duty if the percentage standard had been adopted,

.the same amount shall, as respects the deficiency or loss or so much thereof as is affected by this section, be repaid or set off under subsection (3) of the said section thirty-eight as would have been repaid or set off if the percentage standard had been adopted.

(2) Any appeal under subsection (5) of section forty-five of the principal Act on any question arising under this section shall be to the Special Commissioners.

60

Ch. 31.

Finance A, 1917.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

(3) In this section the expression "business of shipping" means the business carried on by an owner of ships, and for the purposes of this definition the expression "owner " includes any charterer to whom a ship is demised.

Relief in respect of Colonial excess profits (lntv.

23. — (1) His Majesty may by Order in Council declare —

(a) that under the law in force in any of His Majesty's possessions excess profits duty is chargeable in respect of any profits in respect of which excess profits duty is also payable in the United Kingdom; and

(h)that arrangements have been made with the Government of aiiy such possession whereby, in respect of any profits, only the duty which is higher in amount is to be payable, and the amount of such duty is to be apportioned between the respective Exchequers in proportion to the amount of duty which would otherwise have been payable in the United Kingdom and in that possession respectively.

(2) Where any such Order in Council is made, then, if the Commissioners are satisfied that any case is one to which any such arrangements relate, they may, in lieu of any relief granted under paragraph of Part I. of the Fourth Schedule to the principal Act, allow or make such remission-or adjustments of duty as may be necessary to give effect to such arrangements, so, however, that the effect of such remission or adjustments shall not be less favourable than the relief in lieu of which they are allowed or made.

(3) The obligation as to secrecy imposed by subsection (8) of section forty-five of the principal Act shall not prevent the disclosure to the Government of the possession concerned of such facts as may be necessary to enable such arrangements as aforesaid to be carried into effect.

Further provisions with respect to munitions Exchequer payments.

24. — (1) The provisions of section four of the Munitions of War Act, 1915, with respect to munitions Exchequer payments shall not apply to any profits arising after the thirty-first day of December nineteen hundred and sixteen or apportioned under this Act to the period after that date.

(2) Munitions Exchequer payments arising on or before the thirty-first day of December nineteen hundred and sixteen, or apportioned under this Act to the period down to and including that date shall, after the passing of this Act, be assessed and collected, or, if already assessed but not collected, collected, by the Commissioners, and shall be computed by them in accordance with the provisions of that Act and the rules made thereunder, and the Commissioners shall for those purposes have all the powers of the Minister of Munitions, including the power of making rules.

For the purposes of such assessment and collection, the provisions for the time being in force with respect to the assessment and collection of excess profits duty (including provisions

1917.

Finance A, 1917. Ch. 31.

61

as to returns and penalties, but excluding provisions imposing any charge of duty or as to the computation of duty) shall apply, and rules may be made by the Commissioners accordingly, and the provisions of section forty-eight of the Finance Act, 1916, relating to the adjustment of excess profits duty and munitions Exchequer payments, shall apply subject to such modifications as may be necessary in consequence of the transfer of powers effected by this subsection.

Any rules made by the Commissioners may specify matters which may be referred to the Minister, or to a referee or board of referees appointed by him, and prescribe the manner in which such cases are to be referred.

(3) For the purposes of subsection (3) of section five of the said Act, any establishments in which the same person has a controlling or preponderating interest may, if the Commissioners so determine, be treated as belonging to the same owner.

(4) Subsections (2) and (3) of section forty-nine of the Finance Act, 1916 (which relate to the recovery of payments in respect of increased directors’ fees), shall apply for the purposes of munitions Exchequer payments as they apply for the purposes of excess profits duty, with the necessary modifications.

25. Notwithstanding anything contained in section forty- Additional two of the principal Act (which provides for the reference to ^f^nce t the Board of Referees of questions as to percentages, &c.) the referee*. Commissioners may, if they think fit, refer to the Board of Referees any application made under that section as respects a class of trade or business, although the application may relate to matters already decided by that Board, and the Board may, if they think fit, on cause being shown by additional evidence or otherwise, re-open the case and make any order which they could have made on an application relating to matters not already decided by them, and may revise any order previously made by them affecting that class of trade or business; and any such order or revised order shall, as from such date as may be specified therein, apply and have effect in lieu of any previous order relating to the same matter. 26

26. In the application of Part III. of the principal Act Amendment *

to excess profits duty for any accounting period ending after the

thirty-first day of December nineteen hundred and sixteen, the counting

following provisions shall have effect: — periods ending

S3 r . after Dccem-

(1) In ascertaining the deduction to be made from the profits ber3ist, iwi»i. of the accounting period in respect of increased capital, or the pre-war standard of profits in cases where there has not been one pre-war trade year, three per cent, shall be added to the statutory percentage per annum; and, accordingly, in subsection (1) of section forty-one of, and paragraph of Part II. of the Fourth Schedule to, the principal Act, the expression "statutory percentage " shall be taken to mean the statutory percentage as so increased:

62

Ch. 31.

Finance A, 1917.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

(2) The statutory percentage shall, in the case of a trade

or business not carried on or owned by a company or other body corporate, be taken to be eight per cent, instead of seven per cent.; and accordingly subsection (2) of section forty of the principal Act shall have effect as though eight per cent, were substituted for seven per cent.:

Provided that nothing in this provision shall affect the amount of the statutory percentage for the purposes of subsection (2) of section forty-one of the principal Act:

(3) Any increase of the statutory percentage under this

section shall be in addition to any increase of the statutory percentage which has, before the passing of this Act, been made under section forty-two of the principal Act:

(4) Where the pre-war standard of profits of any trade or

business does not exceed five hundred pounds, and the profits of the accounting period, after any adjustment in respect of increased or decreased capital, are less than two thousand pounds, subsection (1) of section thirty-eight of the principal Act shall have effect as though for two hundred pounds there were substituted two hundred pounds with the addition of one-fifth of the amount by which the profits of the accounting period are less than two thousand pounds; so, however, that if there has been a loss in the accounting period, then for the purpose of ascertaining the amount of any repayment or set-off under the principal Act the addition allowed shall be such as if there had been neither loss nor profit, and that where the accounting period is a period of less than a year, this provision shall have effect as if there were substituted for two thousand pounds and two hundred pounds respectively a proportionately reduced amount: The foregoing provisions shall apply where the pre-war standard of profits exceeds five hundred pounds, subject to this qualification, that the amount of the addition shall be reduced by the amount by which the pre-war standard exceeds five hundred pounds:

(5) Where the Commissioners are satisfied —

(a) that in connection with any trade or business two or more distinct and independent industries are carried on in separate establishments, and with books kept in such a manner that the profits in respect of each industry can be readily ascertained; and

(b) that in any year by reference to which the pre-war standard of profits is calculated a loss has

1917.

Finance Act, 1917. Ch. 31.

63

been sustained in respect of any one or more of such industries; the Commissioners may, if they think fit, in computing the profits standard, disregard that loss:

(6) Where the Commissioners are satisfied that during the

last six pre-war trade years, owing to trading losses —

(a) any former assets of any trade or business have ceased to form part of the assets of that trade or business; or

(b) the money borrowed in respect of the trade or business or the debts of the trade or business have increased;

the Commissioners shall, for the purpose of ascertaining the capital of the trade or business in any case where the percentage standard is adopted, compute the capital as though there had been no such loss of assets or increase of borrowed money or debts:

(7) Six years shall be substituted for three years in sub-

section (4) of section forty-one of the principal Act (which provides for the adjustment of excess profits duty in respect of unremunerative capital).

(8) The excess profits duty of a society registered under the

Industrial and Provident Societies Acts may, if the society so requires, instead of being computed as provided for by paragraph 10 of Part I. of the Fourth Schedule to the principal Act, be computed as follows: —

The amount of excess profits (if any) arising on commercial transactions with non-members shall be separately ascertained in accordance with the general principles of the principal Act, and there shall be added thereto the amount (if any) by which the profit or surplus arising from transactions with members per pound sterling of turnover in the accounting period exceeds the like profit or surplus in the pre-war trade year or average of years taken as the basis of computation for the purpose of the pre-war standard of profits in respect of such commercial transactions as aforesaid, multiplied by the number of pounds sterling of turnover in the accounting period; and excess profits duty shall be charged on the sum of those amounts:

Provided that the method of computation hereby laid down shall not be adopted for ascertaining the amount of any deficiency or loss for the purposes of subsection (3) of section thirty-eight of the principal Act, nor shall any duty computed under this provision be repaid or remitted by reason of a deficiency or less in any other accounting period computed as provided for by the said paragraph 10.

64

Ch. 31.

Finance A, 1917.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Apportionment of accounting periods and years.

Interpretation t

Remission of death duties in cases of members of the crews of vessels killed in war.

63 Vict. c. 7. 4 & 6 Geo. r>. c. 76.

Regulations made by the Commissioners for the purpose of carrying the foregoing provision into effect may provide for defining and ascertaining turnover and the profit or surplus per pound sterling thereof, and for the application of that provision to -new societies, and for extending, subject to such modifications as may be prescribed, to cases where duty is computed under that provision any of the general principles of the principal Act as to relief from duty.

27. Where part of an accounting period or of an accounting year, or of any period in respect of part of which munitions Exchequer payments are chargeable, is after, and part before, the beginning of the first day of January nineteen hundred and seventeen, the total excess profits and any deficiencies or losses arising in any such accounting period, and the total excess rent for any such accounting year, and the total profits in respect of part of which munitions Exchequer payments are chargeable, shall be apportioned between the time up to, and the time after, that date in proportion to the number of months or fractions of month8 before and after that date respectively.

28. In this Part of this Act references to the principal Act, or to the Munitions of War Act, 1915, or to any provisions of those Acts, shall be construed as references to those Acts or provisions as amended by any subsequent enactment, and the expression "the Commissioners" means the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, and the expression "munitions Exchequer payments" in this Part of this Act and in any other enactment, includes any sums payable into the Exchequer under section four of the Munitions of War Act, 1915, on account of the excess of the net profits of a controlled establishment.

Part IV.

Death Duties.

29. Section fourteen of the Finance Act, 1900, as extended by the Death Duties (Killed in War) Act, 1914, and section forty-six of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1915, shall apply in the case of a master or a member of the crew of a ship or a fishing boat dying, whether before or after the passing of this Act, from causes arising out of the operations of the present war and within twelve months from the occurrence to which death is due, in like manner as it applies in the case of a person dying from such wounds, accident, or disease as are mentioned in the said section fourteen, with this qualification, that the Treasury shall act on the recommendation of the Board of Trade instead of on that of the Secretary of State or the Admiralty.

1917.

Cb. 31.

66

Finance Act, 1917.

Part V.

Stamps.

30. — (1) The following exemption shall be added to the exemptions under the head " Letter or power of attorney and " commission, factory, mandate, or other instrument in the " nature thereof, " in the First Schedule to the Stamp Act, 1891, namely: —

(4) Letter or power of attorney for the sale, transfer, or acceptance of any of the Government or parliamentary stocks or funds.

(2) Section eighty-one of the said Act and subhead (5) of the head " Letter or power of attorney, and commission, factory, mandate, or other instrument in the nature thereof, " in the First Schedule to the said Act, and section eleven of the Finance Act, 1895, are hereby repealed.

(3) This section shall be deemed to have been in force as from the twenty-sixth day of March nineteen hundred and seventeen.

Part VI.

National Debt and Loans.

31. In the financial year ending the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and eighteen, that portion of the permanent annual charge for the national debt which is not required for the annual charges directed by the National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887, or any other Act, to be paid out of that charge, shall not be paid.

32. — (1) The Treasury shall by regulations establish a depreciation fund in connection with the five per cent, war loan 1929-1947 and the four per cent, war loan 1929-1942 in accordance with the terms upon which those loans were raised, and may issue out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof from time to time such sums as may be required for the purposes of that fund:

Provided that the aggregate sums so issued shall at no time exceed an amount equal to one-eighth of one per cent, per month, calculated as from the seventeenth day of February nineteen hundred and seventeen, of the total nominal value of the stock and bonds of those loans originally created whether as a result of subscriptions or conversions.

(2) The regulations may provide —

(a) for the manner in which the fund is to be applied,

including the purchase for cancellation from any Government account of stock or bonds purchased between the said seventeenth day of February and the passing of this Act in anticipation of the establishment of the fund; and

(b) for the cancellation of any stock or bonds to the

purchase of which the fund has been applied.

E

Exemption from stamp duty of power* of attorney for the sale, 5cc. of Government stock.

64 & 55 Vict. c. 39.

68 & 59 Vict. c. 16.

Suspension of new sinking fond.

50 & 61 Vict, c. 16.

Depreciation

fund.

66

Ch. 31.

Finance A, 1917.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Payment of expenses of redemption of war loan securities.

4 & 5 Geo. 5. c. 60.

5 & 6 Geo. 5. c. 55.

6 & 7 Geo. 6. o. 67.

Power to transfer war stock and bonds in satis* faction of death duties and excess profits duties.

(3) The Treasury may, if they think fit at any time, for the purpose of providing for the issue of sums out of the Consolidated Fund under this section or for the repayment to that fund of all or any part of the sums so issued, borrow money in any manner in which money is authorised to be borrowed for the purposes of the present war; and all sums so borrowed shall be paid into the Exchequer.

33. Any expenses incurred in connection with the redemption of any securities issued under the War Loan Act, 1916, shall be charged and paid out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof in the same manner as expenses incurred in connection with the redemption of securities issued under the War Loan Act, 1914, and the War Loan Act, 1915; $md subsection (5) of section one of the War Loan Act, 1916, shall have effect accordingly.

34. — (1) The Treasury may by regulations prescribe as securities to be accepted in payment of any death duty or excess profits duty or munitions Exchequer payments any stock or bonds forming part of any issue made for raising money in connection with the present war, and any such regulations may specify different securities in respect of different duties and payments, and may prescribe the limitations and conditions subject to which any securities will be accepted, and any person from whom any sum is due on account of any death duty or excess profits duty or munitions Exchequer payments may pay that sum or any part thereof by means of the transfer, in accordance with and subject to the provisions of such regulations as aforesaid, to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue of an appropriate amount (ascertained as hereinafter mentioned) of any stock or bonds authorised by the regulations.

(2) Any stock or bonds so transferred shall be accepted by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue in satisfaction of the amount.

(3) Any stock or bonds so transferred shall be deemed to mature for payment on the date of the transfer, but the principal payable on maturity shall be deemed to be a sum equal to the price of issue, and the principal and interest of the stock or bonds when received by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall be brought to account as revenue in such manner as the Treasury may direct.

(4) Stock or bonds so transferred shall for the purposes of this section be valued at the price of issue with the addition of any interest accrued due at the date of transfer but then remaining unpaid, after deducting the amount of any interest which may be receivable by the transferor after that date:

Provided that in the case of excess profits duty and munitions Exchequer payments —

(a) if the transfer takes place after the date when the duty or payments become payable there shall be deducted

1917.

Finance A, 1917. Ch. 31.

07

from the value so attributed to the stock or bonds the amount of any interest which accrued due on the stock or bonds after that date; and

(6) if the transfer takes place before that date, a sum equal to the value thereof so ascertained as aforesaid shall be deemed to be money deposited under section fifty-four of the Finance Act, 1916, and interest thereon shall be allowed in accordance with that section.

(5) For the purposes of this section interest shall be deemed to accrue from day to day.

(6) Section sixty-one of the Finance Act, 1916, is hereby repealed.

35. — (1) It shall be lawful and shall be deemed always to Power of have been lawful for a trustee to borrow for the purpose of 40

subscribing to or investing in any securities which have been inve8t in war or may be issued in connection with any Government loan raised securities, for the purpose of the present war, and a trustee shall not be liable for any loss resulting from any borrowing so authorised or from any subscription to or investment in such securities or the sale of any securities for the purpose of such subscription or investment, or from the exercise of any option to convert any securities into securities so issued, whether such borrowing, subscription, investment or sale, or the exercise of such option, was before or after the passing of this Act; and trustees and other persons acting in any fiduciary character are hereby expressly authorised to exercise without the consent of any other person, such powers of borrowing, subscription, investment, sale, or conversion, notwithstanding anything in any instrument creating the trust:

Provided that —

(a) In the case of transactions after the passing of this Act,

a trustee shall before borrowing for the purpose aforesaid give notice of his intention so to do to the persons for the time being beneficially entitled to the income of the trust fund and the amount borrowed shall not exceed the value for the time being of the trust fund;

(b) For the purpose of transactions after the passing of

this Act the power to borrow for the purpose of investing in any such securities shall be deemed not to include a power to borrow for the purpose of purchasing any such securities at any time after the subscription list has'been closed, or, in the case of any such securities which are issued on application from day to day, after the issue thereof has been discontinued.

(2) This section shall apply to any officer or department who holds funds on account of or for the benefit of any persons or class of persons as part of, or in consequence of, the duties of the

Ch. 31.

Firumoe A 1917.-

7 & 8 Geo. 5:

Power to

abolish certain

33 & 34 Vict. c. 71.

Provisions facilitating dealings with Government stock.

officer or department, but shall not apply to any trustee under an implied or constructive trust, except a resulting trust arising on the determination or failure of an express trust.

(3) The foregoing provisions of this section, so far as they relate to the exercise of such powers as aforesaid before th& passing of this Act, shall apply to local and other public authorities, notwithstanding any limitations on their powers, in like manner as they apply to trustees.

(4) It is hereby declared that the power conferred by subsection (6) of section one of the War Loan Act, 1916, on companies and bodies of persons and persons responsible for the direction and management of a company or body of persons to-hold government securities purchased in pursuance of the powers conferred by that subsection is not limited to the continuance of the present war and a period of twelve months thereafter.

The powers conferred by the said subsection shall include, and shall be deemed as from the commencement of the war to have included, a power on the part of a company or body of persons and of persons responsible for the direction or management of the company or body to borrow, notwithstanding any such limitations as are mentioned in that subsection, for the purpose of investing in or purchasing Government securities in accordance with that subsection.

36. The power of the Treasury under section thirty-seven of the National Debt Act, 1870, to reduce the fees payable in respect of stock certificates mentioned in the Third Schedule to that Act shall include and shall be deemed to have included a power to abolish any such fees. 37

37. — (I) For the purpose of facilitating transactions in connexion with Government stock, the Treasury may, in conjunction with the Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland, make regulations with respect to the following matters, that is to say: —

(a) for providing that auy document relating to Government

stock may, on the demand of any person who from any cause is unable to write, be validly executed on his behalf by a notary public, commissioner for oaths, .

1 or justice of the peace;

(b) for enabling stockholders to be described in the books of the Bank as trustees, and either as trustees of any particular trust pr as trustees without qualification, and for authorising the Bank to act on powers of attorney granted by stockholders so described;

(c) for enabling the Bank to open and keep accounts of Government stock in their books under the official description of a person holding any office or position,

and for providing by what person any document relating to Government stock standing on such an

iogIe

1917. Finance Act, 1917. Ch. 31.j

account may be validly executed, and what evidence shall be sufficient of the identity of that person;

(d) for enabling stockholders, whether or not trustees, if a

request in that behalf is made in the prescribed manner by all the stockholders, to act by a majority for the purpose of transferring Government stock or giving authority for the payment or accumulation of dividends or the payment of redemption moneys;

(e) for determining what documents relating to Government

stock shall require attestation, and for providing that any such document requiring attestation shall be deemed to be sufficiently attested if attested by one credible witness, and that any document relating to. Government stock shall in the prescribed cases be deemed to be sufficiently executed by an individual if, under hand only without seal, and in the case of a corporate body not having a common seal, if executed by the prescribed persons;

(f) for applying the provisions of section eighteen of the National Debt Act, 1870, with or without modification, to the case of persons claiming payment of any money payable on the redemption of Government stock;

(</) for making provision as to the manner in which and the conditions subject to which a transfer of stock may be made from England to Ireland, or from Ireland to England; .

(h) for providing that in the prescribed circumstances Government stock may, on the death of a sole or last surviving stockholder, be transferred and the dividends thereon and the moneys payable on the redemption thereof received in such manner and by such persons as may be prescribed.

(2) Any regulations made in pursuance of this section shall have effect as if enacted in this Act and notwithstanding any rule of law or any provision in any other Act to the contrary, and all transfers of Government stock and payments and accumulations of dividends thereon, and payments of any moneys payable in redemption thereof, and all other things made, done, or permitted, in pursuance of and subject to the provisions of any such regulations shall be deemed to be properly made, done, and permitted respectively:

Provided that —

(a) nothing in any such regulations shall as between any trustees or as between any trustees and the beneficiaries under a trust be deemed to authorise the trustees to act otherwise than in accordance with the rules of law applying to the trust and the terms of the instrument constituting the trust, or affect the mutual rights of joint stockholders; and

70

Ch. 31.

Finance A, 1917.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

1 & 2 Geo. 5. c. 48.

(b) neither the Bank nor any person acquiring any interest in any Government stock shall by reason only of any entry in the books of the Bank in relation to any Government stock or any stockholder, or of anything in any document relating to Government stock, be affected with notice of any trust, or of the fiduciary character of any stockholder or of any fiduciary obligation attaching to the holding of any Government stock.

(3) Before any regulations under this section come into force they shall be laid before each House of Parliament for a period of not less than thirty days during which the House •is sitting, and if either of those Houses before the expiration of those thirty days presents an address to His Majesty against the regulations or any of them no further proceedings shall be taken thereon without prejudice to the making of any new regulations.

(4) It is hereby declared that stock or registered bonds issued under the War Loan Acts, 1914 to 1916, and any other Act authorising the raising of any sum for the purposes of the present war, shall be transferable in like manner as other stock to which the National Debt Act, 1870, applies and shall be subject to the provisions of that Act and any enactment amending that Act, so far as is consistent with the tenor of the Act under which the loan is raised and save as is otherwise provided by any other Act.

(5) In this section, unless the context otherwise requires —

The expression "Bank" means the Bank of England or the Bank of Ireland, as the case may be;

The expression "stockholders" means the persons entered in the books of the Bank as the proprietors of any Government stock, and includes persons entitled to be so entered, and the legal personal representatives of a sole or last surviving stockholder;

The expression "Government stock" means any stock or bonds which are for the time being transferable in the books of the Bank of England or the Bank of Ireland under the National Debt Act, 1870, or by deed under section seventeen of the Finance Act, 1911;

The expression "document relating to Government stock" means any power of attorney or other document made by way of or in connection with the transfer of Government stock, or in connection with the payment or accumulation of dividends thereon, or the payment of any money payable on the redemption thereof;

The expression "books, " includes registers;

The expression "trustees includes executors and all persons holding a fiduciary position, and the expression "beneficiaries " includes in relation to persons holding a fiduciary position all persons entitled to require due

1917.

Finance A, 1917. Ch. 31.

71

observance and performance of the duties involved in the holding of that position;

The expression "prescribed" means prescribed by regulations made under this section.

Part VII.

General.

38. — (1) Part I. of this Act, so far as it relates to duties Construction of Customs, shall be construed together with the Customs and Short tit, e-Consolidation Act, 1876, and any enactments amending that Act, and so far as it relates to duties of Excise shall be construed together with the Acts which relate to the duties of Excise and the management of those duties.

Part II. of this Act shall be construed together with the Income Tax Acts, 1842 to 1853, and any other enactments relating to income tax, and those enactments and Part II. of this Act are in this Act referred to as the Income Tax Acts.

Part III. of this Act shall be construed together with Part III. of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1915.

Part IV. of this Act shall be construed together with the 57 & 58 Vict. Finance Act, 1894. c. 30.

(2) This Act may be cited as the Finance Act, 1917.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Section 4 (3).

Rates of Drawback on Tobacco.

Part I.

Cigars -

Cigarettes -

Cut, roll, cake, or other manufactured tobacco Snuff (not being offal snuff) -

Stalks, shorts, or other refuse of tobacco (including offal snuff) -

Part II.

Cigars -

Cigarettes -

Cut, roll, cake, or other manufactured tobacco Snuff (not being offal snuff) -

Stalks, shorts, or other refuse of tobacco (including offal snuff) -

s. d.

the lb. 8 4

8 2

IV 8 0

7 8

7 6

the lb. 7 34

7 1

, 7 0

M 6 8J

, 6 H

72

Ch. 31, 32.

Finance A, 1917.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Section 7 (1).

Grant* for public works.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 16.

Certain debts not to be reckoned as assets of local loans fund.

Bemission of arrears of principal and interest in

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Excise Liquor Licences entitled to Relief.

The following licences specified in the First Schedule to the Finance (1909-10) Act, 1910:—

Wholesale dealers’ licences for spirits, beer, or wine.

Retailers’ on-licences for spirits, beer, or wine.

Retailers’ off-licences for spirits, beer, or wine.

Passenger vessel licences taken out annually.

CHAPTER 32.

An Act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans Out of the Local Loans Fund, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans.

[2nd August 1917.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) For the purpose of local loans, there may be issued by the National Debt Commissioners the following sums, namely: —

(a) For the purpose of loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of one million pounds:

(b) For the purpose of loans by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of three hundred thousand pounds.

(2) The sums so issued shall be issued during a period ending on the day on which a further Act granting money for the purposes of those loans comes into operation, and in accordance with the provisions of the National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887.

2. Whereas it is expedient that the principal of the several local loans specified in the Schedule to this Act should, to the extent specified in the last column of that schedule, not be reckoned as assets of the local loans fund established under the National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887; therefore, the principal of the said loans shall to that extent be written off from the assets of the local loans fund, and the provisions of section fifteen of the said Act shall, so far as applicable, apply thereto.

3. Whereas in pursuance of an agreement made in the year eighteen hundred and ninety-two the sum of ten thousand pounds was advanced by the Public Works Loan Commissioners to the

1917. Public Works Loans, 1917. Ch. 32. 73

Eyemouth Harbour Trustees on the security of the harbour revenues with the collateral security of the Fishery Board for Scotland:

And whereas by an arrangement confirmed by section three of the Public Works Loans Act, 1901, the liability of the Eyemouth Harbour Trustees in respect of the said loan was extinguished without prejudice to the liability of the Fishery Board for Scotland to repay that loan, and, in consequence thereof, the said collateral security is the sole security for the repayment of the said loan:

And whereas the terms of the said collateral security are embodied in a memorandum of agreement between the Secretary for Scotland and the Public Works Loan Commissioners, dated the eleventh day of March eighteen hundred and ninety-two, whereby a portion of the "surplus herring brand fees," as defined in clause three of the said memorandum, was pledged in security for the repayment of the said loan with interest by the instalments and at tie times mentioned in the security given by the Eyemouth Harbour Trustees for the said loan, and it was provided that the said portion of the "surplus herring brand fees " of any one year should only be applicable to the repayment of the one-fiftieth part of principal and interest on outstanding principal falling due under thle security for the said loan in the same year, and should not be applicable to the repayment of arrears of principal:

And whereas the said portion of the "surplus herring brand fees" so pledged as aforesaid, was in the year ending the thirty-first. day of March nineteen hundred and seventeen insufficient to discharge in full the instalment of principal with interest which fell due under the security for the said loan in that year, and the principal sum of two hundred pounds, with interest amounting to one hundred and sixty-nine pounds four shillings and sixpence, now remains unpaid, and under the terms of the said memorandum of agreement is irrecoverable:

Therefore the said principal sum of two hundred pounds shall be extinguished, and the said arrears of interest amounting to one hundred and sixty-nine pounds four shillings and sixpence shall be remitted.

4. Notwithstanding anything in any other Act the provisions of section one of the Public Works Loans Act, 1897 (which relates to the rates of interest on future local loans on the security of local rates), shall apply to a loan made out of the local loans fund otherwise than on the security of local rates as they apply to a loan made out of that fund on such security, and where under any special Act any loan made out of the said fund is repayable by means of an annuity or rentcharge payable for any period the amount of the periodical payment on account of the annuity or rentcharge, and the redemption value of the loan, shall in the case of a loan made after the commencement of this

respect of Byemontb Harbour loan.

1 Bdw. 7.C. 35.

Rate of interest on future local loans not on the security of local rates.

60 & 61 Vict. c. 61.

74

Ch. 32.

Public Works Loans, 1917.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

[Short title.]

Section 2.

Act be calculated by reference to the rate of interest payable in respect of the loan as fixed by the Treasury under the said section as amended by this section.

5. This Act may be cited as the Public Works Loans Act, 1917.

SCHEDULE.

Part I.

Loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners.

Loan under the Harbours and Passing lolls Act, 1861 (24 & 25 Vict. c. 47).

Name of Borrower. Amount of Loan. 1 Amount to be written off.

£ s. d. £ s. d.

Eyemouth Harbour Trustees 10,000 0 0 200 0 0

Part II.

Loans by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland.

Loans under the Land Law (Ireland') Act, 1881 (44 & 45 Vict. c. 49. s. 31).

Name of Borrower. Am unt of Loan. Amount to be written off.

! £ s. d. [£ t. d.

James Hill 50 0 0 33 15 7

Harriett Talbot .... 100 0 0 41 3 5

Wm. Banaghan - 100 0 0 72 5 6

Robert Cawley - 50 0 0 31 15 8

Michael Farrell and Michael Gallagher - 70 0 0 39 17 5

James Royan .... 50 0 0 31 4 7

1917.

Consolidated Fund (No. 4) Aet, 1917. Ch. 33.

75

CHAPTER 33.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and eighteen.

[2nd August 1917.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund issue of

of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply out’of tiftf°^* towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the Consolidated service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one Fun^ for.t^e thousand nine hundred and eighteen, the sum of six hundred ending and sixty-four million two hundred and 6ixty-five thousand five sist March hundred and sixty pounds. 1918,

2. — (1) The Treasury may borrow from any person, by the Power for issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England ^eborr^ury and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on the

credit of the said sums, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole six hundred and sixty-four, million two hundred and sixty-five thousand five hundred and sixty pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and eighteen, and section

six of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal 40 & 41 Vict, of bills), shall not apply with respect to those bills. c- *•

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding five pounds per cent, per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

[Short title.]

3. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 4) Act, 1917.

76

Cto. 34.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.;

Amendment of s. 74a of Naval Discipline Act.

Printing and construction of Naval Discipline Act.

Naval Discipline Act, 1917.

CHAPTER 34.

An Act to amend Section 74a of the Naval Discipline Act.

[2nd August 1917.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by' and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Section 74a of the Naval Discipline Act, which relates to the suspension of sentence, shall he amended as follows:

(1) By the insertion in paragraph (b) thereof, after the words "committing authority, " where they first occur, of the words "or an officer holding such command as the Admiralty may by " regulation prescribe, " and the insertion in the same paragraph after the words "committing authority" where they secondly and thirdly occur, of the words "or officer."

(2) By the insertion at the beginning of paragraph (c) of the words "Subject to regulations made by the Admiralty, " and by the insertion in the same paragraph, after the words "committing authority, " of the words "or an officer holding such " command as the Admiralty may by regulation prescribe."

(3) By the substitution in paragraph (6) of the word "more " for the word "less."

(4) By the insertion at the end of the section of the following provisions —

" Where a person has been sentenced to penal servitude or imprisonment or detention and an order of committal has been issued, the Admiralty or the committing authority or an officer holding such command as the Admiralty may by regulation prescribe may order the sentence to be suspended, and in such case the person whose sentence is suspended shall be discharged and the currency of the sentence shall be suspended until he is again committed under the same sentence, and the foregoing paragraphs (6), (c) and of this section shall apply in like manner as in the case where a sentence has been suspended before an order of committal has been issued.

" Where a sentence is suspended under this section, whether before or after committal, the Admiralty or, subject to any regulation or direction which may be issued by the Admiralty, the committing authority or officer by whom the sentence is suspended may, notwithstanding anything in section fifty-three of this Act, direct that any penalty which is involved by the punishment of penal servitude or imprisonment or detention either shall be or shall not be remitted or suspended."

2. — (1) Every enactment and word which is directed by this Act to be substituted for or added to any portion of the Naval Discipline Act shall form part of that Act in the place assigned to it by this Act, and the Naval Discipline Act, and all Acts

1917. Naval Discipline Act, 1917. Ch. 34, 35. 77

which refer thereto, shall after the commencement of this Act be construed as if that enactment or word had been originally enacted in the Naval Discipline Act in the place so assigned, and, where it is substituted for another enactment or word, had been so enacted in lieu of that enactment or word, and the expression "this Act" in the Naval Discipline Act shall be construed accordingly.

(2) A copy of the Naval Discipline Act with every such enactment and word inserted in the place so assigned shall be prepared and certified by the Clerk of the Parliaments and deposited with the rolls of Parliament, and His Majesty's printers shall print in accordance with the copy so certified all copies of the Naval Discipline Act which are printed after the commencement of this Act.

3. This Act may be cited as the Naval Discipline Act, 1917.

CHAPTER 35.

An Act to amend the Law with respect to Customs in the Isle of Man.

[21st August 1917.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) The following duties of Customs on goods removed or imported into the Isle of Man, imposed by the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1916, shall continue to be charged, levied, and paid as from the first day of August nineteen hundred and seventeen until the first day of August nineteen hundred and eighteen, that is to say: —

Duty.

Duty on motor spirit ......

Duties on cocoa ......

Additional duties on coffee and chicory .... Duty on articles or substitutes prepared or manufactured for the purpose of being in imitation of, or in any respect to resemble or serve as a substitute for, coffee or chicory.

Additional duties on sugar ......

Additional duties on beer ......

Section of Act.

3

4(2)

5

7

(2) The additional duties of Customs on spirits removed or imported into the Isle of Man imposed by section one of the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1900, shall continue to be charged, levied, and paid as from the first day of August nineteen hundred and seventeen until the first day of August nineteen hundred and eighteen.

2. In addition to the duties of Customs payable on tobacco removed or imported into the Isle of Man there shall be charged, levied, and paid, on and from the third day of May

[Short title.]

Continuance of certain Customs duties.

6*7 Geo. 5. c. 27.

63 & 64 Vict. c. 31.

Additional duties on tobacco.

78

Ch. 35.

I*le of flfan (Customs) Act, 1917. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Additional duty on tea.

Section 2.

nineteen hundred and seventeen until the sixteenth day of July nineteen hundred and seventeen, such additional duties of Customs as shall be sufficient to make, when added to the existing duties, duties at the rates specified in the second column of the Schedule to this Act, and on and from the said sixteenth day of July until the first day of August nineteen hundred and eighteen, such additional duties of Customs as shall be sufficient to make, when added to the existing duties, duties at the rates specified in the third column of that Schedule.

3. In addition to the duty of Customs payable on tea removed or imported into the Isle of Man there shall, on and from the first day of August nineteen hundred and seventeen until ‘the first day of August nineteen hundred and eighteen, be charged, levied, and paid such additional duties of Customs as shall be sufficient to make, when added to the existing duty, a duty of eightpence the pound.

[Short title.]

4. This Act may be cited as the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1917.

SCHEDULE.

Duties on Tobacco.

Nature of Tobacco. Duties from 3rd May 1917 to 16th July 1917. Duties from 16th July 1917 j to 1st August 191H.

Tobacco, manufactured, viz.: — ! 8. d. s. d.

Cigars .... the lb. 14 0 12 3

Cavendish or negrohead -, j 10 8 9 4

Cavendish or negrohead manufactured in bond -, 9 4 8 2

Other manufactured tobacco, (viz.: — Cigarettes -, 11 4 9 11

Other sorts -, 9 4 8 2

Snuff, containing more than i 13 lbs. of moisture in every 100 lbs. weight thereof -, Snuff, not containing more than 13 lbs. of moisture in every 100 lbs. weight thereof - -, 1 8 10 7 8

10 8 9 4

Tobacco, unmanufactured: — Containing 10 lbs. or more of moisture in every 100 lbs.: If unstemmed or unstripped - -, 1 7 4 6 5

If stemmed or stripped -, 7 H 1 6 bk

Containing less than 10 lbs. of moisture in every 100 lbs.: If unstemmed or un-stripped -, 8 2 1 7 14

If stemmed or stripped -, 8 2A j 7 2

1917. Police Constables (Naval and Military Ch. 36. 7.0

Service) Act, 1917.

CHAPTER 36.

An Act to amend section one of the Police Reservists (Allowances) Act, 1914, as extended by subsequent enactments.

[21st August 1917.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) In calculating the maximum amount of a weekly increase of allowance that may be granted under section one of the Police weekly allow-Reservists (Allowances) Act, 1914, as extended by any subsequent an?ch°iidrerof enactment in respect of any married member of a police force married con-who, being a reservist, has been called out, or who has entered o^nltary*1 or re-entered, enlisted or re-enlisted, in any of His Majesty's wrrice. naval or military forces for the purposes of the present war, the its Geo. 5.

* total weekly amount which that member was receiving from the c-84 police funds at the time when he was called out, entered, re-entered, enlisted, or re-enlisted shall be computed as if any increase in the scales of pay of members of the police force made, and any war bonus granted to the police force, since that time had been payable at that time, and the amount of any such weekly allowance may, if the police authority think fit, be increased within the limits allowed by this provision.

(2) Any weekly allowance so granted may, in the case of the police authority receiving notice of the constable being dead or missing, be continued, notwithstanding anything in the said section one, for a period not exceeding twenty-six weeks after such notice has been so received.

(3) In addition to granting the allowances authorised under the said section one as so extended, it shall be lawful for a police authority to make contributions out of the police fund to any institution or fund by or out of which provision is made for the education or advancement of orphans of men to whom the said section as so extended applies.

(4) This section shall have effect as from the fifteenth day of January nineteen hundred and seventeen.

2. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Police Constables Short title, (Naval and Military Service) Act, 1917, and the Police Constables cItJ'ti°n and (Naval and Military Service) Acts, 1914 and 1915, and this Act ex n may be cited together as the Police Constables (Naval and Military Service) Acts, 1914 to 1917.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Ireland.

80

Ch. 37. Naval and Military War, dee. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

(! Transfer of Powers) Act, 1917.

Dissolution of Statutory Committee.

5 & 6 Geo. 5. c. 88.

Constitution and powers of special grants committee.

CHAPTER 37.

An Act to provide for the dissolution of the Statutory Committee established under the Naval and Military War Pensions, &c., Act, 1915, and for the transfer of their powers, duties, and functions to the Minister of Pensions, and for purposes connected therewith.

[21st August 1917.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. As from such date as may be fixed by His Majesty by’Order in Council (hereinafter referred to as the appointed day),

the Statutory Committee constituted by the Naval and Military War Pensions, &c., Act, 1915 (hereinafter referred to as the principal Act) shall be dissolved, and there shall be transferred to the Minister of Pensions all the powers, duties, and functions of the Statutory Committee except such as are by this Act transferred to the committee to be constituted under this Act, or as are conferred on the Statutory Committee by the provisions of the principal Act which are repealed by this Act, and the enactments relating to the powers, duties, and functions so transferred shall apply accordingly, subject to the following modifications: —

(1) References to separation allowances payable out of public

funds shall be construed as references to separation allowances payable out of money voted by Parliament for navy and army services:

(ii) References to funds at the disposal of the Statutory Committee shall be construed as references to moneys provided by Parliament for the purposes of the Ministry of Pensions.

2. — (1) The Minister of Pensions shall as soon as may be after the passing of this Act constitute for the purposes of this Act a committee, which shall be known as the special grants committee and shall consist of such number of persons, not being more than twelve, as the Minister shall determine.

(2) In appointing the members of the committee the Minister of Pensions shall have regard to the desirability of including among their number persons who have acquired special knowledge as members of the Statutory Committee, or of any subcommittee thereof, or of a local committee.

(3) As from the appointed date there shall be transferred

to the special grants committee those functions of the Statutory Committee which are specified in paragraphs (a), (b), (/), (g) and (h) of subsection (I) of section three of the principal Act,

and all questions which may arise with respect to the amount of any grant or allowance to be made under paragraphs (c), (d),

1917.

Naval and Military War, &c.

(! Transfer of Powers) Act, 1917. Ch. 37.

81

(e) or (k) of the said subsection shall stand referred to and be determined by the special grants committee.

(4) The special grants committee may, subject to the approval of the Minister of Pensions, make regulations with respect to their proceedings and the exercise of the functions transferred to them under this Act, and the power of the committee to make regulations under paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section three of the principal Act shall be exercised subject to the approval of the Minister.

(5) The special grants committee shall render to the Minister of Pensions such information, advice, and assistance as he may require in connection with any matters arising under this Act.

3. — (1) As from the appointed day there shall be transferred and attached to the Ministry of Pensions the persons employed under the Statutory Committee in or about the execution of the functions of the Statutory Committee under the principal Act, and the Minister may from time to time assign to the several persons so transferred, in such manner as he thinks right, any of the business of the Minister, whether or not such business relates to the functions transferred to the Minister under this Act, and those officers shall perform such duties in relation to such business as may be directed by the Minister:

Provided that such persons shall while they continue in office be in no worse position as respects their tenure of office, salary, and superannuation allowances than they would have been had this Act not been passed.

(2) Out of the funds belonging to the Statutory Committee derived from or representing money provided by Parliament, there shall be transferred to a special account to be opened for the purpose, in accordance with directions to be given by the Treasury, to be called " the Ministry of Pensions (Special Grants) Account " (hereinafter referred to as " the special grants account ") the sum of five hundred thousand pounds, and the balance of such funds shall be paid into the Exchequer.

(3) All other property belonging to the Statutory Committee shall be transferred to the Royal Patriotic Fund corporation, and shall be held and applied by them upon the trusts and for the purposes upon and for which it was held and applicable by the Statutory Committee.

4. — (1) The cost of any grants or allowances the amounts of which are under the provisions of this Act determined by the special grants committee shall so far as not defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament be defrayed out of the money standing to the credit of the special grants account.

(2) Payments out of and into the special grants account shall be made, and all other matters relating to the account and to the money standing to the credit of the account (including the investment of any such money), shall be regulated in such manner as the Treasury direct.

F

Transfer of staff and funds.

Expenses and accounts of special grants committee.

82 Cm. 37. Naval and Military War, 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

(Transfer of Powers) Act, 1917.

(3)' At the end of every financial year, accounts of the payments into and the expenditure defrayed out of the special grants account shall be made up in such form and with such particulars as may be directed by the Treasury, and shall be audited by the Comptroller and Auditor-General as public accounts in accordance with such regulations as the Treasury may make, and shall be laid before Parliament with a report thereon.

short title, 5. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Naval and Military

rjqpeai, and War Pensions, &c. (Transfer of Powers), Act, 1917.

8aTmg' (2; The enactments mentioned in the Schedule to this Act

are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

(3) Nothing in this Act shall affect any schemes, regulations, orders, or grants made by the Statutory Committee, but all such schemes, regulations, and orders shall, until altered or revoked by the Minister of Pensions or by the special grants committee, with the approval of the Minister of Pensions, as the case may require, continue in force with this modification that references therein to the Statutory Committee shall be construed as references to the Minister of Pensions or the special grants committee, as the case may require, and any grants made by the Statutory Committee shall continue to be payable.

Section 5 (2). SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Extent of Repeat.

5 & 6 Geo. 5. c. 83. The Naval and Military War Pensions, Ac., Act, 1915. Section one. Subsection (6) of section two. Paragraph (t) of subsection (1) of section three, and subsections (3), (4), (5), and (7) of the same section. Subsection (3) of section six.

6 & 7 Geo. 5. c. 4. The Naval and Military War Pensions, &c. (Expenses) Act, 1916. The whole Act, so far as un-repeal ed, but subject as respects section two to the proviso to subsection (3) of section ten of the Naval and Military War Pensions, &c. (Administration Expenses) Act, 1917.

6 & 7 Geo. 5. c. 65. The Ministry of Pensions Act, 1916. Section three.

7 & 8 Geo. 5. c. 14. The Naval and Military War Pensions, &c. (Administration Expenses) Act, 1917. Section two and section seven.

1917.

Expiring Laws Continuance, 1917. Ch. 38.

83

CHAPTER 38.

An Act to continue certain Expiring Laws.

[21st August 1917.]

WHEREAS the Acts mentioned in the schedule to this Act are, in so far as they are in force and are temporary in their duration, limited to expire, as respects the Acts mentioned in Part I. of that schedule, on the thirty-first day of December nineteen hundred and seventeen, and, as respects the Act mentioned in Part IT. of that schedule, on the thirteenth day of December nineteen hundred and seventeen, and, as respects the Acts mentioned in Part III. of that schedule, at the end of the present session of Parliament, and, as respects the Acts mentioned in Part IV. of that schedule, on the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and eighteen:

And whereas it is expedient to provide for the continuance as in this Act mentioned of those Acts, and of the enactments amending or afecting the same:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

t

L — (1) The Acts mentioned in Part I., Part II., and Part III. Continuance of the schedule to this Act shall, to the extent specified in column three of that schedule, be continued until the thirty- *' first day of December nineteen hundred and eighteen, and shall then expire, unless further continued.

(2) The Acts mentioned in Part IV. of the schedule to this Act shall, to the extent specified in column three that schedule, be continued until the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and nineteen, snd shall then expire, unless further continued.

(3) Any unrepealed enactments amending or affecting the enactments continued by this Act shall, in so far as they are temporary in their duration, be continued in like manner, whether they are mentioned in the schedule to this Act or not.

2. This Act may be cited as the Expiring Laws Continuance short title Act, 1917. Ch. 38.

Expiring Laws Continuance 1917. 748 Geo. 5

Section 1.

SCHEDULE.

Part I.

[Short Title.]

1. Session and Chapter. 2. 3. How far continued. 4. Amending Acta.

(1) 3 & 4 Vict. c. 89. The Poor Rate Exemption Act, 1840. The whole Act. —

(2) 3 & 4 Vict. c. 91. The Textile Manufactures (Ireland) Act, 1840. The whole Act 5 & 6 Vict. c. 68. 30 & 31 Vict. c. 60.

(3) 4 & 5 Vict. c. 30. The Ordnance Survey Act, 1841. The whole Act 33 & 34 Vict. c. 13. 47 & 48 Vict. c. 43. 62 & 53 Vict. c. 30.

(4) 10 & 11 Vict. c. 98. The Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction Act, 1847. As to the provisions continued by 21 & 22 Vict. c. 50. —

(5) 14 & 15 Vict. c. 104. The Episcopal and Capitular Estates Act. 1851. The whole Act 17 & 18 Vict. c. 116. 22 & 23 Vict. c. 46. 23 & 24 Vict. c. 124. 31 & 32 Vict. c. 114. 8. 10.

(6) 17 & 18 Vict. c. 1W, (7) 26 & 27 Vict. c. 105. The Corrupt Practices Prevention Act, 1864. So much as is continued by the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. 26 & 27 Vict. c. 29. s.6. 31 & 32 Vict. c. 125. 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

The Promissory Notes Act, 1863. The whole Act 45 & 46 Vict. c. 61.

(8) 27 & 28 Vict. c. 20. The Promissory Notes (Ireland) Act, 1864. The whole Act. —

(3) 28 & 29 Vict, c. 46. The Militia (Ballot Suspension) Act, 1865. The whole Act 45 & 46 Vict. c. 49.

(10) 28 & 29 Vict. c. 83. 01) 31 & 32 Vict. c. 125. The Locomotives Act, 1865 The whole Act 41 & 42 Vict. c. 41 & 42 Vict. c. 77. (Part II.) 59 & 60 Vict. c. 36. 61 & 62 Vict. c. 29. 1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 45.

The Parliamentary Elections Act, 1868. So much as is continued by the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. 42 & 43 Vict. c. 76. 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

1917

Expiring Laws Continuance, 1917. Ch. 38.

85

1. 2. 3. 4.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. How far continued. Amending Acts.

(12) »2 & 33 Vict. The Corrupt Practioee The whole Act 34 k86 Vict. c. 61.

c. 21. Commission Expenses Act. 1869.

(13) 32 & 33 Vict. The Endowed Schools Act, As to the powers of 36 k37 Vict. c. 87.

c. 66. 1869. making schemes. 37 k88 Vict. c. 87. 62 k63 Vict. c. 40. 8 Edw. 7. c. 39.

.(H)

33 & 34 Vict. The Glebe Loan (Ireland) The whole Act 34 k36 Vict. c. 100.

c. 112. Act, 1870. 49 Vict. c. 6.

(16) 34 k36 Vict. The Sunday Observation The whole Act.

c. 87. Prosecution Act, 1871.

(16) 36 & 36 Vict. The Ballot Act, 1872 The whole Act 46 k46 Vict. c. 60.

c. 33. (17) 38 & 39 Vict. (Municipal Elections).

The Parliamentary Elec- The whole Act 46 k47 Vict. c. 61.

c. 84. tions (Returning Offi- s.32.

(18) 39 & 40 Vict. cers) Act, 1876. 48 k49 Vict. c. 62. 49 k60 Vict. c. 67.

The Jurors Qualification The whole Act 57 k68 Vict. c. 49.

c. 21. (Ireland) Act, 1876. 61 k62 Vict. c. 37.

(19) 41 & 42 Vict. s.69.

The Parliamentary Elec- The whole Act 48 k49 Vict. c. 62.

c. 41. tions Returning Officers 49 k60 Vict. c. 68.

(20) 43 Vict. c. 18. Expenses (Scotland) Act, 1878. 64 k66 Vict. c. 49.

The Parliamentary Elec- The whole Act 46 k47 Vict. c. 61.

(21) 43 & 44 Vict. tions and Corrupt Practices Act, 1880.

The Employers’ Liability The whole Act 6 Edw. 7. o. 68.

c. 42. Act. 1880. s. 14.

(22) 46 & 47 Vict. The Corrupt and Illegal The whole Act 68 & 59 Vict. c. 40.

c. 61. Practices Prevention Act, 1883.

(23) 47 & 48 Vict. The Municipal Elections The whole Act 56 & 67 Vict. c. 78.

c. 70. (Corrupt and Illegal Practices) Act, 1884. 1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 7.

(24) 51 & 62 Vict. The Sand Grouse Protec- The whole Act.

c. 66. tion Act, 1888.

(26) 62 & 63 Vict. The Welsh Intermediate As to the powers of 53 k64 Vict. c. 60.

c. 40. Education Act, 1889. the joint education committee 2 Edw. 7. c. 42.

and the suspension of the powers of

the Charity Commissioners.

86

Ch. 38. Expiring Laws Continuance, 1917. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

[Short Title.]

1. tension and Chapter. 2. 3. How far continued. 4. Amending Acts.

(26) 68 & 59 Vict. c. 21. The Seal Fisheries (North Pacific) Act, 1896. The whole Act. —

(27) 69 Vict. c. 1.- The Local Government (Elections) Act, 1896. The whole Act. —

(28) 61 & 62 Vict. c. 49. The Vaccination Act, 1898 The whole Act 7 Edw. 7. c. 31.

(29) 2 Edw. 7. c. 18. The Licensing (Ireland) Act, 1902. The whole Act. —

(30) 3 Edw. 7. c. 36. The Motor Car Act, 1903 The whole Act. —

(31) 4 Edw. 7. c. 24. The Wireless Telegraphy Act, 1904. The whole Act. —

(32) 6 Edw. 7.0.13. The Unemployed Workmen Act, 1905. The whole Act 9 Edw 7. c. 7.

(33) 7 Edw. 7.C. 6*. The London Cab and Stage Carriage Act, 1907. As to the abolition of the privileged cab system, s. 2. —

(34) 1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 66. The National Insurance Act, 1911. Section forty-two; and so far as it relates to the powers of the Insurance Commissioners to make orders affecting section forty-two, section seventy-eight. 3 & 4 Geo. 5. c. 37.

(36) 2 k3 Geo. 5. c. 2. The Coal Mines (Minimum Wage) Act, 1912. The whole Act. —

(36) 3 k4 Geo. 5. c. 26. The Highlands and Islands (Medical Service) Grant Act, 1913. As to the powers of the Highlands and Islands (Medical Service) Board, and of His Majesty in Council.

(37) 5 & 6 Geo. 6. c. 4. The Land Drainage Act, 1914 1 As to the power of making Provisional Orders. 1

1917.

Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1917. Ch. 38, 39.

87

Part II.

1. Session and Chapter. 2* | Short Title, 3. How far continued. 4. Amending Acts.

(38) 59 & 60 Vict. c. 18. The i Light Railways Act, 1886. As to the powers of the Commissioners. 1 Edw. 7. c. 36. t k3 Geo. 5. c. 19.

Part HI.

(39) 46 & 47 Vict. c. 60. The Labourers (Ireland) Act 1883. The whole Act 48 & 49 Vict. c. 77. 49 & 50 Vict. c. 59. 64 k55 Vict. c. 48. 54 & 55 Vict. c. 71. 55 & 56 Vict. c. 7. 59 & 60 Vict. c. 53. 61 & 63 Vict. c. 37. 3 Edw. 7. c. 37.

(40) <* Edw. 7. c. 37. The Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1906. The whole Act 7 Edw. 7. c. 44. 9 Edw. 7. c. 42. 1 & 2 Geo. 5. c. 19. 4 & 5 Geo. 5. c. 32.

Part IV.

(«) 59 & 60 Vict. c. 16. The Agricultural Rates Act, 1896. The whole Act. —

(4i) 59 & 60 Vict. c. 37. The Agricultural Rates, Congested Districts, and Burch Land Tax Relief (Scotland) Act, 1896. The whole Aet. —

i

CHAPTER 39.

An Act to revive and continue temporarily the power of making Orders under the Fishery Harbours Act, 1915.

[21st August 1917.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The power of making orders under the Fishery Harbours Act, 1915, which, in accordance with the provisions of that Act,

Revival and continuance of powers.

88 Ch. 39, 40. Fishery Harbours (of 7 <Sk 8 Geo. 5.

Pouters), 1917.

s Geo. 5. ceased on the expiration of two years from the passing thereof,

c' is hereby revived, and shall be continued as from the date of

the passing of this Act until the thirty-first day of December nineteen hundred and eighteen, and shall then cease, unless further continued.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Fishery Harbours (Con-

tinuance of Powers) Act, 1917.

CHAPTER 40.

An Act to amend section one hundred and forty-eight of the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, as respects the Prevention and Treatment of Disease in Ireland.

[21st August 1917.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Enforcement of epidemic disease regulations by county councils.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 52.

I. — (1) The Local Government Board for Ireland shall have power to declare that one of the authorities to execute and enforce regulations made by the Board under section one hundred and forty-eight of the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, with a view to the treatment of persons affected with cholera or any other epidemic, endemic, or infectious disease, and preventing the spread of cholera and such other diseases, shall be the council of a county, and that section shall have effect accordingly as if a county council were an authority within the meaning of that section:

Provided that the Board shall not require the council of a county to execute and enforce any such regulations without the consent of the council.

(2) Any expenses incurred by the council of a county in the execution or enforcement of such regulations shall be raised as a county at large charge.

short title and 2. This Act may be cited as the Public Health (Prevention citation. and Treatment of Disease) (Ireland) Act, 1917, and may be cited with the Public Health (Ireland) Acts, 1878 to 1907, as the Public Health (Ireland) Acts, 1878 to 1917.

1917.

Ch. 41.

89

War Loan Act, 1917.

CHAPTER 41.

An Act to make further provision for raising Money for the present War, and for purposes incidental thereto.

[21st August 1917.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies granted to Your Majesty, have resolved that money be raised in manner provided by this Act; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) Any money required for the raising of any supply i«me of new granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending the war loftn* thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and eighteen, and, in addition, of a sum not exceeding two hundred and fifty million pounds, or for the raising of any sum required for cancelling securities or Treasury bills under the powers of this Act, may be raised in such manner as the Treasury think fit, and for that purpose they may create and issue any securities by means of which any public loan has been raised or may be raised, or such other securities bearing such rate of interest and subject to such conditions as to repayment, redemption, or otherwise, as they think fit.

(2) For the purpose of making the statutory provisions applicable to former war loans applicable to the war loan under

this Act, subsections (2) and (3) of section one of the War Loan 4 & 5 Geo. 6. Act, 1914, and subsections (2) and (3) of section fourteen of the c‘60-Finance Act, 1914 (Session 2), shall apply to any sums or loan 6 & 6 Geo. 5.

raised or any securities issued under this Act as they apply to c' 7‘

sums or loans raised or stock issued under the War Loan Act, jj e Ueo- 5-

1914; and subsections (3), (4), and (5) of section one of the c '

War Loan Act, 1915, shall apply with respect to the issue of securities under this Act and to securities issued under this Act as they apply with respect to the issue of securities under that Act and to securities issued under that Act, and in those subsections as so applied any reference to war stock, war bonds, or securities issued under the War Loan Act, 1914, shall be deemed to include 6 & Geo. 5. a reference to securities issued under the War Loan Act, 1915, c-94-section fifty-eight of the Finance Act, 1916, and the War Ix>an 6 *J Qe0-6 Act, 1916. ' c. 67.

(3) There shall be paid to the Banks of England and Ireland respectively out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof, for the management in every financial year of any securities issued under this Act, such sums as may be agreed upon between the Treasury and those banks respectively.

90

Ch. 41, 42.

War Loan Act, 1917.

Short title and citation.

Temporary increase of amount of

compensation incases of total incapacity.

6 Kdw. 7. c. 58.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

(4) Any expenses incurred in connection with the redemption of any securities issued under this Act shall be charged on and paid out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof.

(5) The power to raise sums under this Act or under any other Act authorising the raising of any sums for the purpose of the present War, whether passed before or after this Act, shall extend, and in the case of any past Act shall be deemed always to have extended, so as to authorise the raising of those sums either within or without the United Kingdom and either in British or in any other currency.

2. This Act may be cited as the War Loan Act, 1917, and the War Loan Acts, 1914 to 1918, and this Act may be cited together as the War Loan Acts, 1914 to 1917.

CHAPTER 42.

An Act to provide for an audition during the present war and a period of six months thereafter to the amount of the compensation payable under the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1906, in cases of total incapacity.

[21st August 1917.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) Where any workman is at any time during the period for which this Act continues in force entitled during total incapacity to a weekly payment by way of compensation under the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1906, he shall, whether the incapacity arose before or after the commencement of this Act, be entitled to receive from the person liable to pay the compensation, by way of addition to each such weekly payment payable in respect of any week within the said period, a sum equal to one-fourth of the amount of that payment.

(2) The additional weekly-sum payable under this Act shall be deemed to be part of the weekly payment under the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1906, for the purposes of —

(a) The provisions relating to the recovery of weekly payments;

(b) Any order made with respect to payment into court of a

weekly payment;

(c) The provisions of paragraph (19) of the First Schedule to the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1906, (which prohibits the assignment, &c. of weekly payments);

and shall, notwithstanding that the liability to make the said weekly payment is redeemed subsequently to the commencement

1917.

91

Workmen's Compensation (Cii. 42, 43.

Addition) Act, 1917.

of this Act, continue to be payable in the same manner as if that liability had not been redeemed.

2. Where an employer is liable to pay benefits under a Provision with scheme certified by the Registrar of Friendly Societies under

section three of the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1906, the Registrar may direct that workmen, who are at any time during the period for which this Act continues in force entitled to benefits under the scheme as on account of total incapacity, shall receive such additional benefit as is specified by the Registrar in the direction as being in his opinion of equivalent value to the additional sum payable under the foregoing provisions of this Act.

3. — (1) This Act shall come into operation on the first day of Commence-September nineteen hundred and seventeen and shall continue and shoTt in force during the continuance of the present war and for a

period of six months thereafter.

(2) This Act may be cited as the Workmen’s Compensation (War Addition) Act, 1917.

CHAPTER 43.

An Act to amend, in connection with the present war, the Law relating to the Qualifying Examinations for Solicitors.

[21st August 1917.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) During the continuance of this Act it shall not be Amendment necessary for the Law Society to hold more than twice in a

year such examinations as are mentioned in section six of the solicitors’ Solicitors Act, 1877, and that section shall during that period qualifying have effect as if " twice " were substituted for " three times." ^a^a^on '

(2) It shall be lawful for the Law Society during the con- c J5 , ct* tinuance of this Act to permit any candidate for the final examination to present himself for such an examination and be examined at any time within six months before the termination of his term of service under articles of clerkship.

[Short title,

2. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Solicitors (Examination)

Act, 1917. extent, and

(2) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland. °ur *

(3) This Act shall continue in force only during the continuance of the present war and for a period of one year after the termination thereof, or for such longer period as the Lord Chancellor, with the consent of the Master of the Rolls, may by order allow.

92

Ch. 44.

New Ministries, 1917.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Establish meat of the Ministry of Reconstruction.

Powers and duties of Minister of Reconstruction.

Staff, remuneration, and expenses.

CHAPTER 44.

An Act to provide for the establishment of a Ministry of Reconstruction, and to make provision as to the right of certain Ministers to sit in Parliament.

[21st August 1917.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. With a view to promoting the work of organisation and development after the termination of the present war, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to appoint a Minister of Reconstruction, who shall hold office during His Majesty's pleasure.

2. — (1) it shall be the duty of the Minister of Reconstruction to consider and advise upon the problems which may arise out of the present war and may have to be dealt with upon its termination, and for the purposes aforesaid to institute and conduct such inquiries, prepare such schemes, and make such recommendations as he thinks fit; and the Minister of Reconstruction shall, for the purposes aforesaid, have such powers and duties of any Government Department or authority, which have been conferred by or under any statute, as His Majesty may by Order in Council authorise the Minister to exercise or perform concurrently with, or in consultation with, the Government Department or authority concerned.

(2) The Minister of Reconstruction shall in each year present to Parliament a report of such of the schemes prepared and recommendations made by him as he shall deem suitable for publication.

(3) Any Order in Council made for the purpose of this Act may be added to, varied, or revoked by a subsequent Order in Council.

(4) An Order in Council under this Act shall be laid before each House of Parliament forthwith, and, if an address is presented by either House within the next subsequent forty days on which that House shall have sat praying His Majesty that the Order may be annulled, His Majesty in Council may annul the Order, and it shall thenceforth be void but without prejudice to the validity of anything already done thereunder.

3. — (1) The Minister of Reconstruction may appoint such secretaries, officers, and servants as the Minister may, with the sanction of the Treasury, determine.

(2) There shall be paid, out of moneys provided by Parliament, to the Minister of Reconstruction such annual salary not exceeding two thousand pounds, and to the secretaries, officers, and servants of the Ministry such salaries or remuneration as the Treasury may determine.

1917.

Neic Ministries, 1917. Ch. 44.

93

4. — (1) The Minister of Reconstruction may sue and be style, seal, and sued, and may for all purposes be described by that name. Minister"? of

(2) The Minister shall have an official seal, which shall be Reconstruc-officially and judicially noticed, and that seal shall be authenti- treated by the signature of the Minister, or of a secretary, or of

some person authorised by the Minister to act on behalf of a secretary.

(3) Every document purporting to be an instrument issued by the Minister, and to be sealed with the seal of the Minister, authenticated in manner provided by this Act, or to be signed by a secretary or any person authorised by the Minister to act on behalf of a secretary, shall be received in evidence, and be deemed to be such an instrument without further proof, unless the contrary is shown.

(4) A certificate signed by the Minister that any instrument purporting to be made or issued by him is so made or issued shall be conclusive evidence of the fact.

(5) The Documentary Evidence Act, 1868, as amended by si & 32 Vict,

the Documentary Evidence Act, 1882, shall apply to the Minister ^37- Vi . of Reconstruction as if that Minister were mentioned in the first c. 9. 10t *

column of the schedule to the first-mentioned Act, and as if

the Minister, or a secretary of the Ministry, or any person authorised by the Minister to act on his behalf, was mentioned in the second column of that schedule.

5. — (1) The office of Minister of Reconstruction shall Jnot Power for render the person holding it incapable of being elected to, or of a

voting in, the Commons House of Parliament, and shall be dun p^iia-deemed to be an office included in Schedule H. of the Repre- ment* sentation of the People Act, 1867; in Schedule H. of the c°io231 ict Representation of the People (Scotland) Act, 1868; in 31 & 32 Vict. Schedule E. of the Representation of the People (Ireland) c-48-Act, 1868; and in Part I. of the schedule of the Promissory 31 *32 Vict-Oaths Act, 1868. 31 & 32 vict#

(2) The person who is first appointed to be Minister of c- 72-Reconstruction shall not by reason of such appointment, if a member of the Commons House of Parliament, vacate his seat as such member.

6. The office of Minister of Reconstruction shall cease to Cessation of exist on the termination of a period of two years after the t^2u°c-conclusion of the present war or such earlier date as may tion.

be fixed by His Majesty in Council, and then any appointments made under the powers conferred by this Act shall be determined.

7. Where, before the passing of this Act, a member of His Right of cer- Majesty's Privy Council has been appointed to be a Minister of ^St^Par^ the Crown at a salary without any other office being assigned liament.

to him, he shall not by reason thereof be deemed to have been or to be incapable of being elected to or of voting in the Commons House of Parliament, and shall not, if at the time

94

Ch. 44, 45.

New Ministries, 1917.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

[Short title.]

Power to give directions as to remuneration of certain classes of work.

5 k (i Geo. 5. c. 54.

5 Sc6 Geo. 5.

c. 99.

Restriction on employment of workmen who have been engaged on certain munition work.

o£ his appointment he was a member of that House, be deemed to have vacated his seat.

8. This Act may be cited as the New Ministries Act, 1917.

CHAPTER 45.

An Act to extend and amend the Munitions of War Acts, 1915 and 1916.

[21st August 1917.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and qpnsent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) If at any time during the continuance of the present war the Minister of Munitions considers it necessary, in order to maintain the output of munitions, that directions should be given with respect to the remuneration to be paid for work (being munitions work or work in connection therewith or work in any controlled establishment), which at the time when the directions are given is paid at time rates, he may, subject always and without prejudice to any agreement made between employers and workmen with the consent of the Minister with respect to the remuneration of such-work, by order give such directions with respect to the remuneration of such work as he may consider necessary for the purpose of the maintenance or increase of output.

(2) Any contravention of or non-compliance with any such directions shall be punishable in like manner as if the order in which the directions are contained was an award made in settlement of a difference under Part I. of the Munitions of War Act, 1915, but where a difference has arisen respecting matters on which the Minister of Munitions has given directions under this section the difference shall be referred to a special arbitration tribunal constituted under section eight of the Munitions of War (Amendment) Act, 1916.

(3) Any directions given under this section may be varied from time to time, but shall not continue in force after the termination of the present war.

2. The Minister of Munitions, on being satisfied that the provisions of section seven of the Munitions of War Act, 1915, as amended by any subsequent enactment, can consistently with the national interests be repealed, may by order repeal those provisions, and thereupon the following provisions shall have effect in lieu thereof: —

(1) It shall not be lawful for a person without the consent orf the Minister of Munitions to give employment to a workman who has, since the passing of this Act, been employed —

1917. Munitums of War Act 1917. Ch 45. 95

(a) on or in connection with munitions work of a class specified in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section nine of the Munitions of War (Amendment)

Act, 1916; or

(b) on or in connection with munitions work of any other class which may be specified in an order of the Minister of Munitions

where the work on which he is to be employed is not work on or in connection with munitions work.

The consent of the Minister of Munitions for the purposes of this provision may be given either as respects an individual case or generally as respects work or workmen of any particular class or description:

(2) If any person contravenes this provision he shall be

guilty of an offence, triable by a munitions tribunal of the second class, under the Munitions of War Act,

1915, unless he proves that he did not know that, and had taken all reasonable steps to ascertain whether, the workman bad been so employed; but proceedings for such an offence shall not be instituted except by the Minister of Munitions or the Admiralty, or by a person acting on his or their behalf:

(3) A person guilty of such an offence shall be liable to a

fine not exceeding five pounds for each day or part of a day during which the contravention continues:

(4) The purpose of ascertaining whether the provisions of

this section have been contravened in any establishment shall be included amongst the purposes for which the powers of entry, examination, and enquiry conferred by section seventeen of the Munitions of War (Amendment) Act, 1916, are exerciseable.

3. — (1) If the provisions of section seven of the Munitions Termination of of War Act, 1915, as amended by any subsequent enactment, contracte* are repealed by an order under this Act a contract of service between an employer and a workman employed on or in connection with munitions work shall, notwithstanding any agreement to the contrary, not be determinable by either party except by a week’s notice or on payment of a sum equal to an average week’s wages under the contract:

Provided that this section shall not apply —

(a) where under the contract a longer notice than one week is required;

(h) in the case of workmen engaged in ship-repairing, or of workmen of any class which is exempted by order of the Minister of Munitions on the ground that the circumstances of their employment were such that the provisions of this section ought not to apply to them, or of workmen whose employment is of a discontinuous or temporary nature;

96

Ch. 45.

Munitions of War Act, 1917. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Amendment of s. 6 of the Act of 1916.

Power to make certain awards as to wages binding on trades.

(c) in the case of the termination of a contract on the ground of such misconduct on the part of either party or his agent as would justify the immediate termination of the contract by the other party.

(2) Any sum payable in lieu of notice under this section by an employer or workman shall be recoverable before a munitions tribunal of the second class, and payment of a sum adjudged to be paid by such a tribunal in such proceedings shall be enforceable in like manner as payment of a fine imposed by the tribunal.

Nothing in this section shall be construed as affecting the operation of any of the other provisions of the Munitions of War Acts, 1915 to 1917.

4. If the provisions of section seven of the Munitions of War Act, 1915, as amended by any subsequent enactment, are repealed by an order under this Act, section six of the Munitions of War (Amendment) Act, 1916, shall apply to female workers employed on or in connection with munitions work in establishments of all classes, and accordingly in that section the words "of a class to which the provisions of section seven of the " principal Act, as amended by this Act, are for the time being " applied by an order made thereunder " shall be repealed.

5. — (1) Where an award as to a change in the rate of wages payable to persons engaged on or in connection with munitions work, or as to hours of work or otherwise as to terms or conditions of, or affecting employment of, persons so engaged, has been made either under Part I. of the Munitions of War Act, 1915, or in pursuance of an agreement between representatives of employers and workmen, and the Minister of Munitions is satisfied that the award is binding upon employers employing the majority of the persons engaged on or in connection with munitions work in any trade or branch of a trade either generally or in a particular district, the Minister of Munitions may by order direct that the award shall be binding on all or any other employers and persons so engaged, either without modifications or subject in any particular cases to such modifications contained in the direction as the Minister may consider necessary to adapt the award to the circumstances of such cases, and in particular in order that no such other employer shall be enabled to pay less wages than are payable in the like circumstances by employers who were originally bound by the award.

(2) Where any such directions are given the award shall be binding not only on the employers and persons so engaged who are affected by the award as originally made, but also, subject to such modifications (if any) as aforesaid, on the other employers and persons so engaged to whom the directions relate, and any contravention thereof or non-compliance therewith shall be punishable in like manner as if the award and the order in which such directions are contained were an award made in

1917.

Munitions of War, 1917. Ch. 45.

97

settlement of a difference under Part I. of the Munitions of War Act, 1915, and had been made in respect of a dispute affecting such employers and persons so engaged.

6. — (1) The Minister of Labour may make regulations with Reporting of respect to the reporting of differences under section one of the dl erence8* Munitions of War Act, 1915, and with a view to preventing undue delay in negotiations for settling such differences may by those regulations prescribe the time within which any such difference is to be reported to him.

(2) A difference may be reported under subsection (1) of section one of the Munitions of War Act, 1915, by or on behalf of any Government department; and accordingly in that subsection after the words "by or on behalf of either party to the difference" there shall be inserted the words "or by or on behalf of any Government department."

7. At the end of the First Schedule to the Munitions of War Amendment Act, 1915, the following paragraph shall be inserted: — schedule of

(4) The tribunal shall make its award without delay, and principal Act. where practicable within fourteen days from the date of reference.

8. — (1) The undertaking which the owner of a controlled establishment is by virtue of subsection (4) of section four of of piaSpricU, the Munitions of War Act, 1915, deemed to have entered into Ac., incon-shall include an undertaking that piece prices, time allowances, or bonuses on output, or the rates or prices payable under any other system of payments by results, once fixed in the establishment may not be altered except in accordance with any procedure which has been adopted by agreement between the owner of the establishment and the workmen or their representatives and is in force in the establishment at the passing of this Act or by the direction of the Minister of Munitions, which direction shall not be given except in accordance with an agreement between the owner of the establishment and the trade unions representing the workmen affected by the alteration, or failing agreement after consultation with the parties concerned:

Provided that this provision shall not apply where the alteration is made in accordance with the directions as to the rates of wages of female workers given by the Minister of Munitions under section six of the Munitions of War (Amendment) Act, 1916, nor shall this provision apply to shipbuilding yards or ship-repairing yards, but as respects such yards the Minister of Munitions or the Admiralty may make rules regulating the alteration of the rates or prices payable under systems of payments by results therein.

(2) Where an alteration of the rates or prices payable under a system of payment by results is made in accordance with the provisions of this section, paragraph seven of the Second Schedule to the Munitions of War Act, 1915, shall not apply.

G

98

Penalty on dismissal of workman on ground of membership of trade nnio

Proceedings under s. 4 (5) of principal Act.

Application of s. 17 of principal Act.

Short title and citation.

Payments to growt rs where average price of wheat or oats is less than minimum.

Ch. 45, 46. Munitions of War Act, 1917. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

9. No workman employed on or in connection with munitions work shall be discharged on the ground that he has joined or is a member of a trade union, or that he has taken part in any trade dispute, and if any employer discharges a workman on any such ground he shall be guilty of an offence triable by a munitions tribunal of the second class under the Munitions of War Act, 1915, and shall be liable to a fine not exceeding ten pounds, and the tribunal may order that the whole or any part of the fine imposed shall be paid as compensation to the workman:

Provided that nothing in this section shall prejudice any right of aotion for wrongful dismissal that the workman may have against his employer.

10. Proceedings against a person for contravening or failing to comply with regulations made by the Minister of Munitions under subsection (5) of section four of the Munitions of War Act, 1915, shall not be instituted except by the Minister of Munitions or the Admiralty, or by a person acting on his or their behalf.

11. Section seventeen of the Munitions of War Act, 1915, and section twenty-five of the Munitions of War (Amendment! Act, 1916, shall apply to any order or regulation made under this Act.

12. This Act may be cited as the Munitions of War Act, 1917, and shall be construed as one with the Munitions of War Acts, 1915 and 1916, and this Act and those Acts may be cited together as the Munitions of War Acts, 1915 to 1917.

CHAPTER 46.

An Act for encouraging the production of Corn, and for purposes connected therewith (including provision as to Agricultural Wages and Rents).

[21st August 1917.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Part I.

Minimum Price of Wheat and Oats.

1. If the average price for the wheat or oats of any year for which a minimum price is fixed under this Act, as ascertained for the purpose of this Part of this Act, is less than the minimum price as fixed by this Act, the occupier of any land on which wheat or oats have been produced in that year shall be entitled to be paid by the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries in respect

1917.

Corn Production Act, 1917.

Gm 46.

99

of each acre on which he proves to the satisfaction of the Board that wheat or oats have been so produced, a sum equal in the case of wheat to four times, and in the case of oats to five times, the difference between the average price and the minimum price per quarter:

Provided that —

(a) if it appears to the Board in respect of any land on

which wheat or oats have been produced that the wheat or oats were intermixed with any other crop, the amount payable in respect of that land shall be adjusted accordingly in such manner as the Board think proper; or

(b) if it appears to the Board that any such land has been

negligently cultivated, the Board may either withhold altogether the payments to which the occupier would otherwise have been entitled or may diminish the amount of those payments to such extent as the Board think proper to meet the circumstances of the case.

2.~ — (1) The following minimum prices shall be fixed for the Minimum

(2) The average price for the wheat or oats of any year shall for the purposes oi this Part of this Act be taken to be the average price for the seven months beginning on the first day of September in that year ascertained by adding together the weekly averages of the weeks included in those seven months, and dividing the total by the number of weeks.

For the purposes of this provision, the weekly averages for any week shall be taken to be the average price per quarter for that week of wheat or oats, as the case may bev ascertained in accordance with the Corn Returns Act, 1882. vt

(3) The Board of Agriculture and Fisheries shall, as soon c*37' as may be after the end of March in any year, cause the average price of wheat and oats for the preceding year, as ascertained under this section, to be published in the London Gazette.

3. — (1) The person who was, on the first day of September claims for in the year in which the wheat or oats were produced, the i^y60*-occupier of the land on which they were produced shall be deemed to be the occupier entitled to receive any payments under this Part of this Act!

wheat and oats of the following years: —

price and average price.

Crop far Year. Wheat Price, per quarter. Oats Pfioe, per quarter.

1917

1918 \ 1919/

60s.

55s.

38#. M.

32s.

100

Ch. 46.

Com Production Act, 1917.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Minimum rate for agricultural wages.

Provided that when there has been any change in the occupation of the land on which the wheat or oats were produced, then —

(a) if the outgoing tenant is under any custom or otherwise

entitled to harvest any wheat or oats grown on the land, the outgoing tenant shall in lieu of the incoming tenant or the landlord be entitled to receive any payments under this Part of this Act in respect of the wheat or oats; and

(b) if the outgoing tenant is under any custom or otherwise

entitled to receive compensation from his landlord or the incoming tenant in respect of the wheat or oats as for an away-going crop or otherwise, the right of the landlord or incoming tenant to receive payments under this Part of this Act in respect of the wheat or oats shall be taken into account in the assessment of the compensation so payable.

(2) All claims for payments under this Part of this Act shall be made to and determined by the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries in accordance vfrith regulations made under this Act, and the decision of the Board shall be final and conclusive for all purposes:

Provided that if at any time it is found that a payment has been obtained, or payment in excess of the amount properly payable has been obtained, by means of any false statement or false representation, the person to whom the payment was made shall, without prejudice to any criminal liability in respect of any false statement or false representation, be liable to pay the Board the amount of such payment or excess, and any such amount may, without prejudice to the recovery thereof as a debt due to the Crown, be recovered by the Board summarily as a civil debt.

(3) If for the purpose of obtaining a payment under this Part of this Act, either for himself or for any other person, any person makes any false statement or false representation, he shall be liable on summary conviction to imprisonment with or without hard labour for a term not exceeding six months, or to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, unless he proves that he did not know and could not with reasonable diligence have ascertained that the statement or representation was false.

Part II.

Agricultural Workmen (Minimum Wage).

4. — (1) Any person who employs a workman in agriculture shall pay wages to the workman at a rate not lesB than the minimum rate as fixed under this Act and applicable to the case, and if he fails to do so, shall be liable on summary conviction in respect of each offence to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, and to a fine not exceeding one pound for each day on which the offence is continued after conviction therefor:

1917.

Com Production, 1917. Ch. 46.

101

Provided that such, a person shall not be liable to be so convicted if he proves that he did not know and could not with reasonable diligence have ascertained that the wages paid were less than the wages required under this Act to be paid.

(2) In any proceedings against an employer under this section the court may, whether there is a convictton or not, order the employer to pay, in addition to the fine, if any, such sum as appears to the court to be due to the workman employed on account of wages, the wages being calculated at the minimum rate; but the power to order the payment of wages under this provision shall not be in derogation of any right of the workman to recover wages by any other proceedings.

(3) Any agreement for the payment of wages in contravention of this section, or for abstaining to exercise any right of enforcing the payment of wages in accordance with this section, shall be void.

(4) The provisions of this section as to payment of wages at a minimum rate shall operate as respects able-bodied men as from the commencement of this Act (although a minimum rate of wages may not have been fixed), but only so as to enable any sum which would have been payable under this section to an able-bodied man on account of wages for time-work if a minimum rate for able-bodied men had been fixed to be recovered by the workman from his employer at any time not exceeding three months after the rate is fixed:

Provided that no sum shall be recoverable under this provision except in a case in which and to the extent to which the wages paid have not, in the opinion of the court, been equivalent to wages for an ordinary day’s work at the rate of twenty-five shillings a week.

5. — (1) The Board of Agriculture and Fisheries shall, as soon Establishment as may be and after consultation with the Minister of Labour, establish an Agricultural Wages Board; and such of the provisions of the Trade Boards Act, 1909, as are set out (with 9 Edw. 7.0.22. modifications) in the First Schedule to this Act shall be deemed to be incorporated in this Part of this Act.

(2) The Agricultural Wages Board shall fix minimum rates of wages for workmen employed in agriculture for time-work, and may also, if and so far as they think it necessary or expedient, fix minimum rates of wages for workmen employed in agriculture for piece-work.

(3) Any such minimum rates may be fixed so as to apply universally to workmen employed in agriculture, or to any special class of workmen in agriculture, or to any special area, or to any special class in a special area, subject in each case to any exceptions which may be made by the Agricultural Wages Board for employment of any special character, and so as to vary according as the employment is for a day, week, month, or other period, or according to the number of working hours or the conditions of the employment, or so as to provide for a differential rate in the case of overtime:

Ch. 46.

Gom Production Act, 19X7.

7 & 8 Geo. 6.

Provided that if the Agricultural Wages Hoard are satisfied that any workman employed or desiring to be employed on time-work to which a minimum rate fixed by the Board is applicable ia affected by any mental or other infirmity or physical injury which renders him incapable of earning that minimum rate, the Board may grant to the workman, subject to such conditions, if any, as they prescribe, a permit exempting the employment of the workman from the provisions of this Act requiring wages to be paid at not less than the minimum rate, and while the permit is in force an employer shall not be liable to any penalty for paying wages to the workman at a rate less than the minimum rate so long as any conditions prescribed by the Board on the grant of the permit are complied with.

(4) Before fixing any minimum rate of wages, the Agricultural Wages Board shall give notice of the rate which they propose to fix, and consider any objections to the rate which maybe lodged with them within one month; and the Board shall give notice of any minimum rates fixed by them in such manner as they think fit with a view to bringing the minimum rates, so far as practicable, to the knowledge of the persons affected.

(5) The Agricultural Wages Board may, if they think it expedient, cancel or vary any minimum rate fixed by them, and shall reconsider any such minimum rate if the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries direct them to do so, whether an application is made for the purpose or not; and the provisions of this section as to notices shall apply where it is proposed to cancel or vary the minimum rate in the same manner as they apply where it is proposed to fix the minimum rate.

(6) In fixing minimum rates under this section, the Agricultural Wages Board shall, so far as practicable, secure for able-bodied men wages which, in the opinion of the Board, are adequate to promote efficiency and to enable a man in an ordinary case to maintain himself and his family in accordance with such standard of oomfort as may be reasonable in relation to the nature of his occupation.

(7) In fixing minimum rates for time-work under this section, the Agricultural Wages Board shall secure for able-bodied men wages which, in their opinion, are equivalent to wages for an ordinary day’s work at the rate of at least twenty-five shillings a week.

(8) Nothing in this Part of this Act shall prejudice the operation of any agreement entered into or custom existing before the passing of this Act for the payment of wages at a rate higher than the minimum rate fixed under this Part of this Act.

(9) In this Part of this Act the expression "able-bodied man" means any male workman who is not incapable, by reason of age or mental or other infirmity or physical injury, of performing the work of a normally efficient workman.

1917.

Coni Production Act, 1917. Ch. 46.

103

6. Any workman employed in agriculture on piece-work for which no minimum piece-rate has been fixed, or any person authorised by Such a workman, may complain to the Agricultural Wages Board that the piece-rate of wages paid to the workman for that work is such a rate as would yield in the circumstances of the case to an ordinary workman a less amount of wages than the minimum time-rate applicable in the case of that workman, and the Board may on any such complaint direct that the employer shall pay to the workman such additional sum by way of wages for any piece-work done by him at that piece-rate at any time within fourteen days before the date of complaint, or at any time after the date of complaint and before the decision of the Board thereon, as in the opinion of the Board represents the difference between the amount which would have been paid if the work had befen done by an ordinary workman at the minimum time-rate and the amount actually received by the workman making the complaint, and any sum so directed to be paid may be recovered by the workman from the employer summarily as a civil debt.

7. Any workman employed in agriculture, or any person authorised by a workman so employed, may complain to the Agricultural Wages Board that the wages paid to the workman by any employer are at a rate less than the minimum rate applicable in the case of that workman, and the Board shall consider the matter, and may, if they think fit, take any proceedings under this Act on behalf of the workman.

Part III.

Restriction on Raising of Agricultural Rents.

8. — (1) The rent payable under any contract of tenancy made or varied after the* passing of this Act in respect of an agricultural holding shall, notwithstanding any agreement to the contrary, not exceed such rent as could have been obtained if Part I. of this Act had not been in force, and any question as to whether the rent payable under such a contract is in excess of the rent permitted by this section or as to the amount of the excess shall be determined by a single arbitrator under and in accordance with the provisions of the Second Schedule to the Agricultural Holdings Act, 1908:

Provided that the rent payable under a contract of tenancy shall not be deemed to be in excess of that permitted under this section unless notice in writing requiring the question to be referred to arbitration has been served on the landlord within one year from the commencement or variation of the tenancy.

(2) If on any such arbitration it is determined that the rent payable under the contract of tenancy is in excess of the amount permitted under this section, the contract shall, as from the commencement or variation of the tenancy, have effect as if the

Complaints as to inadequate payment for piece-work where no mini-mam pieoe-rate has been fixed.

Complaints as to infraction of minimum rates of wagee.

Rents not to be raised in consequence of Act.

8 Edw. 7. c 28

104

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Power to enforce proper •oltiTfttdon.

Ch. 46. Com Production Act, 1917.

rent payable under the contract was reduced by the amount of the excess.

(3) This section shall not affect any proceedings by a landlord for enforcing payment of any rent except so far as the rent has before the commencement of such proceedings been determined in manner hereinbefore provided to be in excess of the rent permitted by this section, but any rent in excess of the rent permitted by this section which is paid or recovered before the award of the arbitrator shall be recoverable by the tenant from the landlord by way of deduction from rent or otherwise.

£i (4) In this section expressions have the same meaning as in the Agricultural Holdings Act, 1908.

Part W.

Power to Enforce proper Cultivation.

9. — (1) The Board of Agriculture and Fisheries, if in any case they are of opinion —

(a) that any land is not being cultivated according to the

rules of good husbandry; or

(b) that for the purpose of increasing in the national interest

the production of food the mode of cultivating any land or the use to which any land is being put should be changed;

may serve notice on the occupier of the land requiring him to cultivate the land in accordance with such directions as the Board may give for securing that the cultivation shall be according to the rules of good husbandry or for securing the necessary change in the mode of cultivating or in the use of the land, as the case may be, and where compliance with any such directions, in the case of land in the occupation of a tenant, involves any breach of or non-compliance with any covenant or condition of the contract of tenancy, the Board may in the same or any subsequent notice so served direct that any such covenant or condition, so far as it interferes with compliance with such directions, shall be suspended, and may provide for securing to the landlord such payments or other benefits (if any) as the Board think just on account of any profit or benefit derived or expected to be derived by the tenant by reason of the suspension of the covenant or condition, and any such provision of the notice shall have effect as if it was contained in the contract of tenancy: Provided that if any person on whom any notice is served under this section is aggrieved by the notice, he may within the prescribed time require the question whether the land has been cultivated according to the rules of good husbandry, or whether it is undesirable in the interest of food production that the change should apply to any portion of the land included in the notice, to be referred to arbitration in accordance with this Part of this Act, and where any question is so referred to arbitration no action shall be taken for enforcing the directions given by

1917.

Corn Production Act, 1917. Ch. 46.

105

the Board until the determination of the reference or except in accordance with the terms of the award, and, where the person on whom any notice is served is a tenant, the landlord shall have the same right as the tenant of requiring any question to be referred to arbitration.

(2) Where any notice is served on a tenant, a copy of the notice shall at the same time be served on the landlord.

(3) If, in the opinion of the Board, the occupier fails to cultivate the land in accordance with directions so given, the Board, after the prescribed notice, may, if the occupier in default is a tenant, make such order as seems to them required in the circumstances, either authorising the landlord to determine the tenancy of the holding, or determining the tenancy by virtue of the order, and, if the occupier in default is not a tenant, enter on and take possession of the land, or of the holding of which it forms part, for such time, and (either themselves or by any person authorised by them) do all such things, as appear to the Board necessary or desirable for the cultivation of the land of which possession has been taken, or for adapting such land for cultivation.

Any such order of the Board may contain such provisions as the Board think fit for adjusting the relations of landlord and tenant where the tenancy is determined; and any such provision of the order shall have effect as if it was contained in the contract of tenancy.

(4) If, within three months after the Board have entered on any land, the person who was in occupation of the land at the time of the entry so requires, a record of the condition of the buildings, fences, gates, roads, drains, ditches, and cultivation of the land shall be made within three months after the date of the requisition by a person to be appointed, in default of agreement, by the President of the Surveyors’ Institution; and in default of agreement, the cost of making such record shall be borne by the Board and the person so previously in' occupation in equal portions.

(5) Where the Board have entered on any land under this provision they may, after the prescribed notice, let the land, or, with the consent of the owner, any part thereof, for any term not exceeding five years on such terms and conditions as the Board think fit, and at the best rent that, having regard to such terms and conditions, can reasonably be obtained:

Provided that —

(a) before any contract of tenancy is executed by the

Board under this provision a draft thereof shall be sent to the owner of the land and a reasonable opportunity afforded him of objecting to any provision therein; and

(b) a copy of the contract of tenancy shall be sent to such

owner as soon as possible after its execution.

(6) Any notice given by the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries for the purposes of this section, which directs the

106

Ch. 46.

Com Production, 1917.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

suspension of any covenant or condition, shall be a sufficient defence to any action or other proceeding in respect of any breach of, or non-compliance with, the covenant or condition so far as the breach or non-compliance is authorised by the notice of suspension.

(7) If, at any time after a contract of tenancy of any land has been created by the Board, the owner of the land requires the Board to withdraw, the Board shall so withdraw as soon as reasonably may be.

(8) When the Board at any time withdraw from possession of any land of which they have taken possession under this section —

(a) they shall before withdrawing (except where the with-

drawal is required by the owner of the land) give the prescribed notice in writing of their intention to the person then entitled to resume occupation of the land, and such notice shall be given not less than three months previously to the withdrawal by the Board, and shall expire on one of the half-yearly days customary in the district where the land is situate; and

(b) they may recover from the person then entitled to resume

occupation of the land such amount as represents the value to him of all acts of cultivation or adaptation for cultivation executed by the Board; and

(c) the land shall be subject to any tenancy created by the

Board in like manner as if the tenancy had been created by the person who would but for the tenancy have been entitled to resume occupation of the land.

(9) Any person who is interested, in any land in respect of which any notice is served or order made under this section or of which possession is taken under this section, and who suffers any loss by reason of the exercise of the powers conferred by this section shall, if he makes a claim for the purpose before the expiration of such period, not being less than one year, after the exercise of the powers as may be prescribed by the Board, be entitled to be paid by the Board such amount or amounts byway of periodical payments or otherwise as may represent the loss.

(10) The amount recoverable or payable by the Board under subsection (8) or subsection (9) of this section shall be determined in each case in default of agreement by arbitration under this Part of this Act.

Protection of 10. — (1) The Board of Agriculture and Fisheries may in any

fronf dama e 04186 w^ere ^e3r are satisfied that crops, trees or pasturage are by rabbits1 and being damaged by reason of the failure of an occupier of land vermin. to destroy sufficiently the rabbits or vermin on the land in his occupation, after giving to the occupier and owner such opportunity of destroying the rabbits or vermin as in the opinion of the Board is reasonable, authorise in writing any person to enter on the land and kill and take the rabbits or vermin thereon, and the Board may recover from the occupier, summarily as a civil

Ch. 46.

107

1917. Corn Production Act, 1917.

debt, the net cost incurred by the Board in connection with the action so taken.

(2) Any person acting under an authority given by the Board under this section shall, if so required, produce his authority, and if any person obstructs any person so authorised in the exercise of his powers or duties under this section, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

(3) The person entitled to kill rabbits or vermin on any common land shall for the purpose of this section be deemed to be the occupier of the land.

11« — (1) Arbitrations under this Part of this Act shall be General pm-before a single arbitrator under and in accordance with the apphc provisions of the Second Schedule to the Agricultural Holdings Part iv.

Act, 1908: Provided that the arbitrator shall be nominated, in default of agreement, by the President of the Surveyors ’

Institution.

(2) The Board may, with respect to any area consisting of one or more counties or county boroughs, authorise any body of persons constituted in the prescribed manner, to exercise on behalf of the Board, subject to such appeal, to the Board as may be prescribed, any of the powers of ths Board under this Part of this Act, and may if they think fit prescribe the procedure and the method of authentication of any notice or other instrument issued by any such body: Provided that the regulations shall provide that the body so constituted shall in the first instance consist of or comprise the persons who immediately before this Part of this Act comes into operation were acting as members of the War Agricultural Executive Committees, if any, constituted under the Defence of the Realm Regulations for the counties and county boroughs comprised in the area.

(3) The powers under the Defence of the Realm regulations exerciseable by the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries with a view to maintaining the food supply of the country with respect to the matters dealt with in this Part of this Act shall cease to operate at the expiration of one year from the passing of this Act, or at the termination of the present war, whichever is the earlier, and thereupon this Part of this Act shall come into operation.

(4) In this Part of this Act the expression "prescribed" means prescribed by regulations made by the Board.

Part Y,

General.

13. — (1) The Board of Agriculture and Fisheries shall, in Regulations, addition to auy special power to make regulations given to them under this Act, have power to make regulations generally for the purposes of carrying this Act into effect, and in particular —

(a) for prescribing the manner in which claims for payment under Part I. of this Act are to be made, and the

108

Ch. 46.

Corn Production Act, 1917.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Powers of entry and inspection.

evidence to be required in support of any such claim; and

(6) for requiring the Agricultural Wages Board to define the benefits or advantages (not being benefits or advantages prohibited by law) which may be reckoned as payment of wages in lieu of payment in cash, and the value at which they are to be so reckoned, and for enabling the Agricultural Wages Board to limit or prohibit the reckoning of benefits or advantages as payment of wages in lieu of cash, and for enabling the Agricultural Wages Board, on the application of any employer or workman, to determine any question which may arise as to the value of any such benefits or advantages, or generally as to any contract of employment so far as the application of the provisions of this Act thereto is concerned; and

(c) for requiring the Agricultural Wages Board to define for the purposes of any differential rate for overtime the employment which is to be treated as overtime employment.

(2) Any regulation made under this Act shall be laid before each House of Parliament forthwith, and, if an address is presented to His Majesty by either House of Parliament within the next subsequent twenty-eight days on which that House has sat after any such regulation is laid before it praying that the regulation may be annulled, His Majesty in Council may annul the regulation, and it shall thenceforth be void, but without prejudice to the validity of anything previously done thereunder.

H13. Any person authorised in that behalf by the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries, or by any body of persons exercising any powers of the Board on their behalf, may, for the purpose of carrying this Act into effect, on the production (if so required) of his authority, enter on and inspect any land. The occupier shall in all such cases be served with notice of the date on which the inspection is to take place.

If any person prevents or obstructs the entry, for the purpose of this Act, upon any land of any person authorised Tinder this section, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

Appointment 14. — (1) The Board of Agriculture and Fisheries may

officersWerS of aPP°^nt 8uch officers as they think necessary for the purpose of ° c investigating complaints and otherwise securing the proper

observance of Part II. of this Act, and any officer so appointed •shall, if the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries so determine, act under the directions of the Agricultural Wages Board.

(2) Any officer so appointed shall have power —

(a) to require the production of and to inspect and take copies of wages sheets or other records of wages paid to workmen employed in agriculture;

1917. Corn Production Act, 1917. Ch. 46. 109

(6) to require the employer of any such workman to give any information which it is in his power to give with respect to the employment of the workman or the wages paid to him.

(3) If any person refuses to produce any document or give any information which any officer requires him to produce or give under this section, or produces or gives to any officer acting in the exercise of the powers given by this section, any document or information knowing the same to be false, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months with or without hard labour.

15. — (1) The Board of Agriculture and Fisheries may, in Power to reorder to obtain such information as is necessary for the purpose gJ

of the proper exercise by the Board of their powers under this Act, by notice served on the occupier of any agricultural land or the person having the management of any such land, require him to make, within such time and in such form and to such person as the Board may prescribe, a return in writing with respect to the cultivation of that land, the crops and live stock thereon, and the owner thereof.

(2) No individual return or part of a return made under this section shall be published or disclosed except for the purposes of a prosecution or other proceedings under this Act.

(3) If any person —

(a) refuses or without lawful excuse neglects to make a

return under this section to the best of his knowledge and belief; or

(b) makes or causes to be made a return which is false in

any particular; or

(c) discloses or publishes contrary to the provisions of this

section any individual return, or part of a return;

he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or, if the court is of opinion that the offence was committed wilfully, to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for a period not exceeding three months.

16. Any expenses incurred by the Board of Agriculture and Provision of Fisheries in meeting payments under this Act, and any expenses raoney-

of that Board or of any other Department or body to whom any powers or duties are entrusted under or in pursuance of this Act, and any expenses of the Agricultural Wages Board or any district committees thereof, including any expenses incurred with the consent of the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries by any members thereof in the performance of their duties, and any sums paid with such consent to any such members by way of compensation for loss of time, in each case, up to an amount approved by the Treasury, shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

110

Ch. 46.

Com Production Act, 1917.

7 \fc 8 Geo. 5.

Definitions. &c. 17. — (X) For the purposes of this Act —

(a) the expression "agriculture " includes the use of land as grazing, meadow, or pasture land, or orchard, or osier land, or woodland, or for market gardens or nursery grounds, and the expression "agricultural " shall be construed accordingly; and

(b) the expression "cultivation " includes use for grazing, meadow, or pasture; and the expression "cultivate " has a corresponding meaning; and

(c) the expression "workmen " includes boys, women, and

* girls; and

(d) The expression "employment" means employment

under a contract of service or apprenticeship, and the expressions "employ " and " employer " shall be construed accordingly; and

(e) the expression "quarter " means, in the case of wheat,

four hundred and eighty imperial pounds, and in the case of oats three hundred and twelve imperial pounds.

(2) Any notice under this Act may be served on the person to whom it is to be given either personally or by registered post.

Application to 18. — (1) This Act shall apply to Scotland with the following

Scotland and modifications: —

(a) The Board of Agriculture for Scotland shall be substituted for the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries;

(b) Subsection (1) of the section of this Act relating to the establishment of a Wages Board shall not apply to Scotland, and in lieu thereof the provisions contained in the Second Schedule of this Act shall be deemed to be incorporated in Part II. of this Act;

8 Bdw. 7. c. 64. (c) The Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1908, shall

be substituted for the Agricultural Holdings Act, 1908: Provided that where under this Act the Board of Agriculture for Scotland is a party to an arbitration, the sheriff principal of the sheriffdom in which the land affected is situate shall, in the Second Schedule to the first-mentioned Act, be substituted for the Board;

(d) The sheriff principal of the sheriffdom in which the land

affected is situate shall be substituted for the President of the Surveyors’ Institution, and an agricultural executive committee and the district thereof, shall, respectively, be substituted for a war agricultural executive committee constituted under the Defence of the Realm Regulations, and a county or county borough;

(e) The Edinburgh Gazette shall be substituted for the

London Gazette;

* (/) Part III. of this Act shall have effect subject to and

without prejudice to the provisions of the Small

1917.

Com Production, 1917. Ch. 46.

Ill

Landholders (Scotland) Acts, 1886 to 1911, and in fixing the rent of a holding the Scottish Land Court shall not take into consideration the operation of Part I. or Part II. of this Act;

(g) The provisions of Part IV. of this Act with respect to

the determination of tenancies shall not apply to land in the occupation of a landholder or a statutory small tenant under the Small Landholders (Scotland) Acts, 1886 to 1911, but the powers of entering on and taking possession of land and cultivating the land, or adapting it for cultivation, conferred by this Act may, notwithstanding anything in Part IV. of this Act, be exercised in respect of land in such occupation; and

(h) Where a tenant of shootings is, or under the operation

of Part IV. of this Act becomes, the only tenant of land, the owner of the land shall for the purposes of the said Part IV., if the Board of Agriculture for Scotland so by order decide, be deemed to be the occupier thereof, and the Board’s power to suspend any covenant or condition of the contract of tenancy shall in such case be deemed to include a power to determine the tenancy or any Such covenant or condition and to make such provisions as the Board think fit for the adjustment of the relations of landlord and tenant.

(2) This Act shall apply to Ireland with the following modifications: —

(a) References to the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries

shall be construed as references to the Department of Agriculture and Technical Instruction for Ireland;

(b) A separate Agricultural Wages Board shall be established

for Ireland; and the separate Board so established shall be substituted for the Agricultural Wages Board; the provision as to wages at the rate of at least twenty-five shillings a week, and the provisions as to the retrospective effect of a minimum rate of wages for able-bodied men shall not apply, except that the Agricultural Wages Board for Ireland in fixing a minimum rate of wages for able-bodied men may, if they think proper, direct that the rate so fixed shall operate as from such earlier date as may be specified by them, not being a date prior to the passing of this Act, and in that event the last-mentioned provisions shall apply as respects that rate with the substitution of a reference to the date so specified for the reference to the commencement of this Act;

(c) Where a person other than the occupier was, on the first day of September in the year in which wheat or oats were produced, entitled under a conacre

112

Ch. 46.

Com Production Act, 1917.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Short title and duration.

agreement to the use of the land on which they were produced, that person shall be substituted for the occupier for the purpose of any payments in respect of the wheat or oats under Part I. of this Act;

(d) Questions and amounts requiring to be determined for

the purposes of Part III. or Part IV. of this Act shall be determined by the Irish Land Commission on the application of any person interested instead of by arbitration, and the powers and jurisdiction exerciseable by the Land Commission in relation to applications under the Land Law (Ireland) Acts may be exercised by the Land Commission in relation to any applications under this provision;

(e) Part III. of this Act in its application to Ireland shall

have effect subject and without prejudice to the provisions of the Land Law (Ireland) Acts, and, in fixing the judicial rent of a holding after the passing of this Act, the court shall not take into consideration the operation of Part I. or Part IT. of this Act as respects the holding or tenant. Proceedings by way of ejectment for non-payment of rent shall be deemed to be proceedings for enforcing payment of rent within the meaning of Part III. of this Act;

(f) Part IV. of this Act in its application to Ireland shall have effect subject to the following further modifications:—

% (i) the powers of entering on and taking possession of land and cultivating the land or otherwise dealing with it may be exercised whether the occupier in default is or is not a tenant;

(ii) the provisions of subsection (3) of section eleven shall not apply; and

(iii) the provisions with respect to the determination of tenancies shall not apply;

For the purpose of enforcing proper cultivation of land in Ireland the additional provisions set out in the Third Schedule to this Act shall have effect as if they were included in Part IV. of this Act;

(g) The Dublin Gazette shall be substituted for the London Gazette.

19. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Corn Production Act, 1917.

(2) This Act shall, except as otherwise provided, come into operation at the date of the passing of this Act and shall continue in force until the end of the year nineteen hundred and twenty-two, and no longer, unless meanwhile Parliament makes provision for the continuation thereof, but the expiration of this Act shall not affect the right to any payments under Part I. of this Act in

1917.

Corn Production, 1917. Ch. 46.

113

respect of wheat and oats of that year or any previous year, or any rights, privileges, obligations, or liabilities acquired, accrued, or incurred under this Act before the date of the expiration thereof, or any penalty, forfeiture, or punishment incurred in respect of any offence committed under this Act before that date, or in respect of any statement or representation made in connection with a claim under this Act, whether the statement, representation, or claim was made before or after that date.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Sections 11, 12, 13, and 17 of the Trade Boards Act, 1909.

Constitution, Proceedings, , fyc.c. of Wages Board.

11. — (1) The Board of Agriculture and Fisheries may make regulations with respect to the constitution of the Agricultural Wages Board, which shall consist of members representing employers and members representing workmen (in this Act referred to as representative members) in equal proportions and of the appointed members.

(2) Women shall be eligible as members of the Agricultural Wages Board as well as men.

(3) The representative members shall be elected or nominated by the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries or otherwise, or partly elected and partly so nominated, as may be provided by the regulations.

(4) The chairman of the Agricultural Wages Board shall be such one of the members as the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries may appoint, and the secretary of the Agricultural Wages Board shall be appointed by the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries.

(5) The proceedings of the Agricultural Wages Board shall not be invalidated by any vacancy in their number, or by any defect in the appointment, election, or nomination of any member.

(6) In order to constitute a meeting of the Agricultural Wages Board, at least oue third of the whole number of the representative members and at least oue appointed member must be present.

(7) The Board of Agriculture and Fisheries may make regulations with respect to the proceedings and meetings of the Agricultural Wages Board, including the method of voting; but subject to the provisions of this Act and to any regulations so made the Agricultural Wages Board may regulate their proceedings in such manner us they think lit.

H

Section 5 (1).

Constitution and proceedings of the Agricultural Wages Board.

114

Ch. 40.

Corn Production, 1917.

Establishment of district wages committees.

Appointed members of the Agricultural Wages Board.

Power to take and conduct proceedings.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

12. — (1) The Agricultural Wages Board may, and if so required by the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries shall, establish district wages committees consisting, subject as hereinafter provided, of persons representing employers or workers engaged in agriculture and constituted in accordance with regulations made for the purpose by the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries, and acting for such area as the Agricultural Wages Board may determine.

(2) Provision shall be made by the regulations for at least one member of the Agricultural Wages Board or other person nominated by the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries acting as a member of each district wages committee, and for the equal representation of local employers and local workmen on the committee.

(3) The Agricultural Wages Board may refer to a district wages committee for their report and recommendations any matter which they think it expedient so to refer, and may also, if they think fit, delegate to a district wages committee any of their powers and duties under this Act other than their power and duty to fix minimum rates of wages, and, subject to regulations made by the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries, authorise any such district wages committee to delegate to a sub-committee thereof any of the powers so delegated to the committee.

(4) Where a district wages committee has been established for any area, it shall be the duty of the committee to recommend to the Agricultural Wages Board minimum rates of wages applicable to that area, and no such minimum rate of wages fixed under this Act, and no variation or cancellation of such a rate, shall have effect within that area unless either the rate or the variation or cancellation thereof, as the case may be, has been recommended by the district wages committee, or an opportunity has been given to the committee to report thereon to the Agricultural Wages Board, and the Agricultural Wages Board have considered the report (if any) made by the committee.

13. — (1) The Board of Agriculture and Fisheries may appoint such number of persons (including women) as they think fit to be appointed members of the Agricultural Wages Board or to act as members of district wages committees:Provided that the number of persons so appointed shall not exceed one quarter of the total number of members of the Agricultural Wages Board or of any district wages committee.

17. — (1) Any officer appointed by the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries under this Act, and any officer of any Government Department for the time being assisting in carrying this Act into effect, shall have power in pursuance of any special or general directions of the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries to take proceedings under this Act, and the Agricultural Wages Board may also take any such proceedings in the name of any officer appointed by the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries for the time being acting under the directions of the Agricultural Wages Board in pursuance of this Act, or in the name of their secretary or any of their officers authorised by them.

(2) Any officer appointed by the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries under this Act, or any officer of any Government Department for the time being assisting in carrying this Act into effect, and the secretary of the Agricultural Wages Board, or any officer of the Agricultural Wages

1917.

Corn Production Act, 1917. Ch. 46.

115

Board authorised for the purpose, may, although not a counsel or solicitor, or law agent, prosecute or conduct before a court of summary jurisdiction any proceedings arising under this Act.

In the application of this Schedule to Ireland, references to the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries shall be construed as references to the Department of Agriculture and Technical Instruction for Ireland, and references to the Agricultural Wages Board shall be construed as references to the Agricultural Wages Board for Ireland.

SECOND SCHEDULE. Section 18

________ 0 )(*)•

Constitution of Agricultural Wages Committees in

Scotland.

1. The Board of Agriculture for Scotland (in this Schedule referred to

as the Board) may from time to time divide Scotland into districts and combinations of districts, and fix such districts and combinations for the purposes of this Schedule.

2. Where and so long as the Board are satisfied that in any district fixed by them a representative joint committee, comprising a chairman and representatives of employers of agricultural labour and of workmen employed in agriculture in equal numbers, exists for purposes which include the fixing of minimum rates of wages for workmen employed in agriculture, the Board may recognise and certify that committee as a district wages committee for the district.

3. Where in any district, after a date to be fixed by the Board, the Board are satisfied that no representative joint committee as aforesaid exists in the district, the Board may proceed to nominate a joint committee, constituted as aforesaid, for the district and the committee so nominated shall be certified by the Board as the district wages committee for the district: Provided that the Board may require any committee so nominated to demit office if at any time they are satisfied that a representative joint committee exists in the district in terms of the immediately preceding paragraph.

4. The Board shall, for the purpose of constituting a central agricultural wages committee for Scotland (hereinafter referred to as "the central committee "), combine districts so as to form five combination districts from each of which two representatives of district wages committees within the combination, one of whom shall represent employers and the other workmen, shall be elected by the district committees under a scheme prescribed by the Board. The Board shall appoiot a chairman and a secretary for the central wages committee and may appoint two women as additional members thereof. The ten elected members, with the chairman and any additional members appointed by the Board, shall constitute the central committee.

5. Subject as hereinafter provided, a district wages committee shall, within its district, have the powers and duties conferred and imposed on

I

116

Ch. 46.

Com Production, 1917.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Section 18 (2) (/)•

the Agricultural Wages Board by or under this Act, except any of such powers and duties which the Board may by regulation reserve to and confer and impose on the central committee, and references in this Act to the Agricultural Wages Board shall be construed accordingly as references to district wages committees or the central committee, as the case may be.

6. Every decision of a district wages committee fixing a minimum rate of wages shall be reported to the central committee and to the Board, and if the central committee do not disallow the same within a period to be prescribed by the Board, the minimum rate so fixed shall be deemed to be the minimum rate fixed under this Act.

7. Where a district wages committee fail within a period to be prescribed by the Board to fix minimum rates of wages for time work within the district, the Board shall refer the question of fixing such rates to the central committee, and thereupon the powers and duties of the district wages committee to fix such rates shall, so far as required for the purposes of the reference, be transferred to the central committee, and any rate fixed under such a reference by the central committee after consultation with the district wages committee shall be deemed to be the minimum rate fixed under this Act,

8. Any other question within their jurisdiction under this Act on which a district wages committee fail to agree shall, if the representatives of the employers or the representatives of the workmen on the committee so request in writing, be referred to the central committee by the district wages committee for decision, and any decision by the central committee on such a reference shall be reported to the Board and shall have the like effect and validity as if it were the decision of the district wages committee.

9. The Board may by regulation prescribe the tenure of office and procedure of a district wages committee, so far as certified for the purposes of this Act, and of the central committee and its chairman and officers, and make other necessary provision for the efficient conduct of their business including provision as to sub-committees and the authentication of any notice, finding, or other instrument issued by them respectively.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Additional Provisions for the Enforcement of Proper Cultivation of Land in Ireland.

1. It shall be the duty of every occupier of arable land to cultivate

and maintain in cultivation a portion of the arable laud held by him (in this Schedule referred to as the "holding"), not less in extent than the minimum tillage portion as prescribed by an order of the Department of Agriculture and Technical Instruction for Ireland made under this Schedule and applying to the holding for the time being:Provided

that no occupier shall be required by virtue of auy such order to cultivate more than one-half of the area of his holding.

2. The Department of Agriculture and Technical Instruction for Ireland (in this Schedule referred to as the "Department") may make ovders for the purpose of prescribing the minimum tillage portion of holdings, and may make any such order so as to apply to all holdings throughout Ireland, or to all holdings in any area specified in the order.

1917.

Com Production Act, 1917. Ch. 46.

117

•or to any class or classes of holdings specified in the order whether throughout Ireland or in any area so specified, subject in each case to any •exceptions which may be made by or under the order, or so as to apply to auy particular holding or holdings.

3. If in any year the occupier of a holding fails to cultivate the minimum tillage portion of the holding, the Department, after affording him an opportunity of being heard in such manner as may be prescribed by regulations under this Act, shall ascertain how much of the minimum tillage portion he has failed without reasonable cause to cultivate, and subject to the provisions of the next following article of this Schedule shall specify in a certificate under their seal the acreage thereof and the amount which, iu their opinion, ought to be paid by way of penalty in respect of such failure as aforesaid, not exceeding five pounds for each acre of the acreage specified in the certificate and not exceeding a proportionate amount for any fraction of an acre so specified.

Upon the making of the certificate the occupier shall become liable to pay to the Department on demand the amount specified therein as aforesaid, and the certificate shall be conclusive evidence of such liability.

Where there has been a change of occupiers during the year, the amount shall be payable by the person who was occupier at the end of the year.

4. The Department before making any such certificate shall seud a draft thereof to the occupier, and if the occupier within the prescribed time and in the prescribed manner serves a notice of objection to the <lraft certificate, any questions raised by the notice as to the making of the certificate or as to the particulars specified in the draft, shall be referred to a tribunal designated or constituted by or in accordance with regulations under this Act, and provision shall be made by those regulations for the hearing and determination by the tribunal of the questions so referred to them with power to postpone or stay the making of a certificate or to vary the draft certificate in such manner as seems proper, and generally for regulating the procedure on any such objection.

The certificate shall not be made whilst any objection to the draft •certificate is pending before the tribunal, and effect shall be given by the Department to any rulings of the tribunal, and, where the draft certificate is varied by the tribunal, the certificate if made by the Department shall be made in accordance with the draft as so varied and not otherwise.

5. Any sum payable to the Department under this Schedule shall, irrespective of the amount, be recoverable by the Department by ordinary civil bill before the county court judge of any county in which the holding or any part thereof is situated, and the decision of the county court judge shall be final.

Any such sum, when received or recovered by the Department, shall be applied by them for the purposes of agriculture and other rural industries within or in connection with the county or counties in which the holding is situated.

6. The powers of the Department under this Schedule shall be in addition to and not in substitution for their other powers for the enforcement of proper cultivation under this Act and all such powers may be exercised concurrently.

7. No penalty by way of increase of rent or otherwise shall be incurred by any tenant under any contract of tenancy in respect of any acts of cultivation which may be necessary in order to comply with the requirements of this Schedule.

118

Ch. 46, 47.

Corn Production, 1917.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Forfeiture of title of peer or prince held by enemy.

Power of successor to petition for

8. For the purpose of this Schedule, except where the context otherwise requires —

(a) the expression "cultivation" means tillage, and the expression "cultivate" has a corresponding meaning:Provided that land used for grazing, meadow, or pasture in any year shall be deemed to he cultivated in that year if it was tilled in either of the two years last preceding that year;

(A) the expression ^prescribed" means prescribed by regulations under this Act; and (c) the expression "arable" means capable of being tilled.

CHAPTER 47.

An Act to deprive Enemy Peers and Princes of British Dignities and Titles.

[8th November 1917.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) His Majesty may appoint a committee of His Privy Council, of which two members at least shall be members of the Judicial Committee, to enquire into and report the names of any persons enjoying any dignity or title as a peer or British prince who have, during the present war, borne arms against His Majesty or His Allies, or who have adhered to His Majesty's enemies.

(2) The Committee shall have power to take evidence on oath and to administer an oath for the purpose, and may, if they think fit, act upon any evidence given either orally or by affidavit based on information and belief, the grounds of which are stated.

(3) Such report shall be laid upon the table of both Houses of Parliament for the space of forty days, and, if by that time there has not been passed in either House a motion disapproving of the report, it shall be taken as final and presented to His Majesty.

(4) Where the name of any peer or prince is included in the report, then from and after the date of the presentation of the report to His Majesty —

(a) The name of such person, if he be a peer, shall be struck out of the Peerage Roll, and all rights of such peer to receive a writ of summons and to sit in the House of Lords or to take part in the election of representative peers shall cease and determine:

(b) All privileges and all rights to any dignity or title, whether in respect of a peerage or under any Royal Warrant or Letters Patent, shall cease and determine.

2. It shall be lawful for the successor of any peer whose name has been so removed, to present a petition to His Majesty

1917.

Titles Deprivation, 1917. Ch. 47, 48.

119

praying to have the peerage restored and his name placed on restoration of the Peerage Roll; and His Majesty may refer such petition to Parage-a committee of the Privy Council constituted as aforesaid; and should the committee be satisfied that such person has incurred no disability under this Act, and is well affected to His Majesty's Person and Government, His Majesty may thereupon direct that the peerage be restored and the name of the petitioner be placed on the Peerage Roll; whereupon all rights and privileges of the holder of the peerage shall revive and be in force as if the name of the peer had never been removed from the Roll.

3. — (1) Nothing in this Act shall affect the title or succession Savings, of any person to any estates or other property.

(2) The powers conferred upon His Majesty by this Act shall be in addition to, and not in derogation of, any other powers of His Majesty.

4. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Titles Deprivation Act, an^ciefilfition

(2) In this Act the expression "enemy " shall be construed as referring to the enemies of His Majesty in the present war, and, for the purposes of this Act, a person shall be deemed to have adhered to His Majesty's enemies if since the commencement of the present war he has voluntarily resided in an enemy country or if he has served in the enemy forces or in any way rendered assistance to the enemy.

CHAPTER 48.

An Act to amend the Bills of Exchange Act, 1882, with respect to the time for noting Bills.

[8th November 1917.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. In subsection (4) of section fifty-one of the Bills of Time of Exchange Act, 1882 (which relates to the time of noting a D°ting-dishonoured bill), the words "it must be noted on the day of 4i>6*46 V, ct* its dishonour " shall be repealed, and the following words shall

be substituted therefor, namely, " it may be noted on the day of " its dishonour and must be noted not later than the next " succeeding business day."

2. This Act maybe cited as the Bills of Exchange (Time short title and of Noting) Act, 1917, and shall be construed as one with the construction. Bills of Exchange Act, 1882, and the Bills of Exchange Acts, n E<hv. 7. c. 17. 1882 and 1906, and this Act may be cited together as the Bills

of Exchange Acts, 1882 to 1917.

120

Ch. 49. Consolidated Fund (No., 1917. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Issue of 20Z. out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the year ended 31st March 1916.

Issue of 441, 501, 9231. out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the year ending 31st March 1918.

Power for the Treasury to borrow.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 2.

CHAPTER 49.

An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and sixteen and one thousand nine hundred and eighteen.

[8th November 1917.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sums hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making gQod the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ended on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and sixteen the sum of twenty pounds.

2. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and eighteen, the sum of four hundred and forty-one million five hundred and one thousand nine hundred and twenty-three pounds.

3. — (1) The Treasury may borrow from any person, by the issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole four hundred and forty-one million five hundred and one thousand nine hundred and forty-three pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and eighteen, and section six of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills), shall not apply with respect to those bills.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding five pounds per cent, per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

1917.

121

Consolidated Fund (No. 5), 1917. Ch. 49, 50.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

[Short title.]

4. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 5) Act, 1917.

CHAPTER 50.

An Act to make further provision for the prolongation of

the present Parliament, and the postponement of Local Elections.

[29th November 1917.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Subsection (1) of section one of the Parliament and Further pro-

Registration Act, 1916, shall have effect as if seven years and prSen^ParHs six months were substituted therein for five years and eight ment. months; and section one of the Parliament and Local Elections 5 '

Act, 1917, is hereby repealed. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

c. 13.

2. — (1) The next statutory elections of county and borough Further post-councillors, district councillors, guardians, and parish coun- POIjement of cillors, and of members of school boards in Scotland, shall, OCAC , ons subject to the limitations hereinafter contained, be postponed,

or, in the case of elections already postponed under the Elections and Registration Act, 1915, the Parliament and Local 5 &6 Geo. 5. Elections Act, 1916, or the Parliament and Local Elections Act, «•

1917, further postponed, for a year; and the term of office of £.44. re°‘°’ the existing councillors, guardians, and members shall accordingly be extended, or further extended, by one year.

This provision shall apply only where the next statutory election (whether a postponed election or not) would take place before the first day of October nineteen hundred and eighteen.

(2) Section two of the Elections and Registration Act, 1915, and paragraphs (2) to (10) (inclusive) of the Schedule to the Parliament and Local Elections Act, 1917 (except the provisions of paragraph (10) relating to the revision of jurors lists in Ireland), shall be deemed to be incorporated in this section as though they were set out therein, and expressly made applicable to the provisions thereof.

3. This Act may be cited as the Parliament and Local Short tale. Elections (No. 2) Act, 1917.

122

Ch. 61.

Air Force (Constitution) Ac, 1917. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

CHAPTER 51.

An Act to make provision for the establishment, administration, and discipline of an Air Force, the establishment of an Air Council, and for purposes connected therewith.

[29th November 1917.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and -consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Raising and number of Air Force.

Government, discipline, and pay of Air

Force.

6 & 7 Geo. 5. c. 65.

Transfer and

attaching to Air Force of members of Naval and Military-Forces.

Part I.

Establishment of Air Force.

1. It shall be lawful for His Majesty to raise and maintain a force, to be called the Air Force, consisting of such number of officers, warrant officers, non-commissioned officers, and men as may from time to time be provided by Parliament.

2. — (1) Subject to the provisions of this Act it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by order signified under the hand of a Secretary of State, to make orders with respect to the government, discipline, pay, allowances, and pensions of the Air Force, and with respect to all other matters and things relating to the Air Force, including any matter by this Act authorised to be prescribed or expressed to he subject to orders or regulations.

(2) The said orders may provide for the formation of men of the Air Force into separate units, and for the formation of such units into corps, and for appointing, transferring, or attaching men of the Air Force to units, and for posting, attaching, and otherwise dealing with such men within the units, and may regulate the appointment, rank, duties, and numbers of the officers and non-commissioned officers of the Air Force.

(3) Subject to the provisions of any such order, the Air Council hereinafter constituted may make general or special regulations with respect to any matter with respect to which His Majesty may make orders under this section:

Provided that the administration of pensions, other than service pensions within the meaning of the Ministry of Pensions Act, 1916, shall vest in the Minister of Pensions.

(4) All orders and general regulations made under this section shall be laid before Parliament as soon as may be after they are made.

3. — (1) An}r officer, warrant officer, petty officer, non-commissioned officer, or man of any of His Majesty's naval or military forces may, with his consent and subject to the approval of the Admiralty or Army Council (as the case may be), be transferred by the Air Council to the Air Force, or attached

19L7. Air Force (Constitu Act, 1917. Ch. 51.

by the Air Council to the Air Force for the period of the present war or for a period not exceeding four years:

Provided that —

(a) any officer, warrant officer, petty officer, non-commis-

sioned officer, or man who at such date as may be fixed by Order in Council belongs or is attached to the Royal Naval Air Service, the Royal Flying Corps or any unit of the naval or military forces engaged in defence against aircraft which is designated by the Admiralty or Army Council for the purpose, may be so transferred or attached without his consent, but if any person so transferred or attached, within three months from the time when he receives notice of such transfer or attachment or such longer period as in any particular case the Air Council may allow, gives notice to his commanding officer that he does not desire to be so transferred or attached, the transfer or attachment shall be annulled without prejudice to the validity of anything which may have been done in the meanwhile; and

(b) no person transferred to the Air Force under the pro-

visions of this section shall be liable to serve with the Air Force for any longer period than that for which he would have been liable to serve had he continued in the force from which he was transferred.

(2) Regulations made by the Air Council may provide that in the case of a person so transferred, the time during which he held a commission or served in the force from which he is transferred shall, for such purposes as may be prescribed, be aggregated with the time during which he holds a commission or serves in the Air Force, and that his entry into or enlistment in the force from which he is transferred shall, for such purposes as may be prescribed, be treated as enlistment into the Air Force.

(3) Where any person is transferred to the Air Force under this section, then for the purposes of pay, pensions, gratuity, and retired or half-pay, and of any decoration or reward dependent on length of service, any previous service with His Majesty's naval or military forces which would have counted as service towards pay, pension, gratuity, retired or half-pay, or such decoration or reward if he had not been so transferred, shall be deemed to be service with the Air Force towards pay, pension, gratuity, retired or half-pay, or such decoration or reward.

(4) Where any person is attached to the Air Force under this section, the fact that he is so attached shall not affect any right to any pay, pension, gratuity, retired or half-pay, or such decoration or reward as aforesaid, already earned by him in that branch of His Majesty's naval or military forces to which he belonged at the date on which he was so attached, and the

124

Ch. 51. Air Force (Constitution), 1917. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Rights of officers.

6 Anne, c. 41.

Application of Military Service Acts, &c.

5 & 6 Geo. 5. c. 104.

6 & 7 Geo. 5. c. 15.

7 & 8 Geo. 5. cc. 12 k 26.

Air Force Reserve and Auxiliary Force.

Consequential amendments of Naval i)isci-pl ne Act and Army Act.

period during which he is so attached shall, for the purpose of any provisions relating to pay, pensions, gratuity, retired or half-pay, or such decoration or reward, be deemed to be service with that branch of His Majesty's naval or military forces to which he belonged at the date on which he was so attached.

4. Officers in the Air Force shall enjoy all such powers, rights, immunities, and privileges as are enjoyed by commissioned officers of His Majesty's Navy or Army as such, whether conferred by statute or otherwise, and the acceptance of a commission in the Air Force shall not render a person accepting such a commission incapable of being elected to or sitting or voting in the Commons House of Parliament, and nothing in the Succession to the Crown Act, 1707, or any similar enactment shall extend to any member of the Commons House of Parliament who, being an officer of the Air Force, receives any new or other commission in the Air Force, or receives a commission in His Majesty's Navy or Army, or who, being an officer in His Majesty's Navy or Army, receives a commission in the Air Force.

5. — (1) Any men who, by virtue of the Military Service Acts, 1916 and 1917, are deemed to have been enlisted in His Majesty's regular forces and to have been transferred to the reserve, or who having voluntarily enlisted in the regular forces have been so transferred, shall on being called up for service be liable to be transferred to the Air Force.

(2) "There shall be included amongst the exceptions mentioned in the First Schedule to the Military Service Act, 1916, the following: —

Men serving in the Air Force.

6. — (1) It shall be lawful for His Majesty to raise and maintain an Air Force Reserve and an Auxiliary Air Force consisting in each case of such number of officers, warrant officers, noncommissioned officers, and men as may from time to time be provided by Parliament, and to provide for the transfer or attachment to the Auxiliary Air Force, subject to their consent, of officers and men of any unit of the territorial force which at the passing of this Act forms part of the Royal Flying Corps.

(2) His Majesty may, by Order in Council, apply with the necessary adaptations to the Air Force Reserve, or to the Auxiliary Air Force, or to the officers or men of any such force, any enactment relating to the Army Reserve or to the Territorial Force or to the officers or men of those forces, and such Order in Council shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament.

7. The amendments set out in the second column of the tables in Part I. and Part II. of the First Schedule to this Act (being amendments consequential on the establishment of an air force) shall be made in or inserted after the provisions of the

1917.

Air Force (Constitution), 1917. Ch. 51.

125

Naval Discipline Act and the Army Act respectively mentioned 7 8 Geo. 5. in the first column of those tables, and section two of the Naval c* Discipline Act, 1917 (which relates to the printing and construction of the Naval Discipline Act), shall apply to the amendments of the Naval Discipline Act made by this Act in like manner as it applies to the amendments thereof made by that Act.

Part II.

Establishment of Air Council.

8. — (1) For the purpose of the administration of matters Establishment relating to the Air Force and to the defence of the realm by air of Air CounciL there shall be established an Air Council consisting of one

of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, who shall be President of the Air Council, and of other members, who shall be appointed in such manner and subject to such provisions as His Majesty may, by Order in Council, direct.

(2) His Majesty may, by Order in Council, fix the date as on which the Air Council is to be established, and make provision with respect to the proceedings of the Air Council and the manner in which the business of the Council is to be distributed among the members thereof.

(3) On the establishment of the Air Council, the Air Board constituted under the New Ministries and Secretaries Act, 1916, 6 & 7 Geo. 6. shall cease to exist, and all the powers, duties, rights, liabilities, c- 68«

and property of that Board shall be transferred to the Air Council, but nothing in this subsection shall affect any orders, instructions, or other instruments issued by the Air Board, and all such instruments shall have effect as if issued by the Air Council.

(4) His Majesty may, by Order in Council, transfer from the Admiralty, or from the Army Council or the Secretary of State for the War Department, to the Air Council or the President of the Air Council such property, rights, and liabilities of the Admiralty or Army Council or Secretary of State as maybe agreed between the Air Council and the Admiralty or the Army Council, as the case may be.

9. — (1) The Air Council may appoint such secretaries, staff, remu-

officers, and servants as the Council may, with the sanction of and

the Treasury, determine.

(2) There shall be paid, out of moneys provided by Parliament, to the members of the Air Council, and to the secretaries, officers, and servants of the Council, such salaries or remuneration as the Treasury may determine.

10. — (1) The Air Council may sue and be sued, and may for style, seal,

all purposes be described, by that name. and Pj°ceed-

(2) The Air Council shall have an official seal, which shall cmmcii. be officially and judicially noticed, and that seal shall be authenticated by the signature of the President, or of a secretary, or of some person authorised by the Council to act on behalf of a secretary.

126

31 & 32 Vict,

c. 37.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 9.

Provisions as to sitting in Parliament.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 106.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 34.

Application of Army Act to Air Force.

Ch. 51. Air Force (Constitution), 1917. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

(8) Every document purporting to be an instrument issued by the Air Council, and to be sealed with the seal of the Council, authenticated in manner provided by this Act. or to be signed by a secretary or any person authorised by the Council to act on behalf of a secretary, shall be received in evidence, and be deemed to be such an instrument without further proof, unless the contrary is shown.

(4) A certificate signed by the President of the Air Council that any instrument purporting to be made or issued by the Council was so made or issued shall be conclusive evidence of the fact.

(5) The Documentary Evidence Act, 1868, as amended by the Documentary Evidence Act, 1882, shall apply to the Air Council as if that Council were mentioned in the first column of the schedule to the first-mentioned Act, and as if the President, or a secretary of the Council, or any person authorised by the President to act on behalf of the Council, was mentioned in the second column of that schedule.

11. The number of Principal Secretaries of State and Under Secretaries capable of sitting and voting in the Commons House of Parliament shall be increased to five, and accordingly section four of the Government of India Act, 1858, and section one of the House of Commons (Vacation of Seats) Act, 1864, shall have effect as if the word "five" was substituted for the word "four " wherever that word occurs in those sections:

Provided that nothing in this provision shall affect the operation of section nine of the New Ministries and Secretaries Act, 1916, so long as that section continues in force.

Part III.

Discipline, &c.

12. — (1) The Army Act as in force immediately before the passing of this Act shall, subject to the modifications set out in the Second Schedule to this Act (being amendments required to adapt that Act to the circumstances of the Air Force), apply with respect to the Air Force, and shall, as so modified, take effect as a separate Act of the present session of Parliament, and may be printed as a separate Act by the printers to His Majesty and intituled " An Act to provide for the Discipline and Regulation of the Air Force, " and that Act may, subject to any modifications which may from time to time be made therein, be cited as the Air Force Act:

Provided that, for the purposes of section eighty-eight of the Air Force Act (relating to the continuance of men in air-force service in case of emergency), the proclamation issued under section eighty-eight of the Army Act on the outbreak of the present war shall have effect as if it had been issued under the first-mentioned, as well as the last-mentioned, section, and had applied to the Air Force as well as to the Army.

1017.

Air Force (Constitution) Act, 1917. Ch. 51.

127

(2) The Air Force Act shall continue in force only as long as the Army Act continues in force, and during the present war the number of the forces mentioned in the preamble to the Army (Annual) Act shall include the number of the Air Force.

(3) Where, by any enactment passed after the passing of this Act, any amendments are made in the Army Act the corresponding amendments shall be made in the Air Force Act, subject to such modifications and exceptions as His Majesty in Council may declare to be necessary for adapting the same to the Air Force.

(4) Where, by any enactment passed after the passing of this Act and for the time being in force, any enactments or words are directed to be substituted in the Army Act or the Air Force Act for any other enactments or words, or to be added to or omitted from the Army Act or the Air Force Act, then all copies of the Air Force Act printed after such direction takes effect shall be printed with the said enactments or words added to the said Act or omitted therefrom, or inserted therein in lieu of any enactments or words for which the same are to be substituted, according as such direction requires, and with the sections and subsections numbered in accordance with such direction, but, as respects amendments to the Army Act, subject to such modifi cations and exceptions as aforesaid, and the Air Force Act shall be construed as if it had at the time at which such direction takes effect been enacted with such addition, omission, or substitution.

(5) A reference in any enactment passed after the passing of this Act to the Air Force Act shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be construed to refer to the Air Force Act as amended by any enactment for the time being in force.

13. His Majesty may, by Order in Council, apply, with the APp|^‘°n of necessary modifications and adaptations, in relation to the Air ot er cts' Council, the President of the Air Council, and the Air Force, and the officers and men thereof, and Air Force property or institutions, any of the enactments relating to the Army Council, the Secretary of State for the War Department, the Army, or the officers and soldiers thereof (including enactments conferring any powers, rights, exemption or abatement from taxation or immunities or imposing any duties or disabilities on such officers or soldiers), or to military property or institutions, and every such Order in Council shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament.

Part IV.

General.

14. Orders in Council, orders, and regulations made under Power to alter

this Act may be varied and revoked by subsequent Orders in ^e"voke Council, orders, and regulations made in like manner. 0 ere‘

15. This Act may be cited as the Air Force (Constitution) short title. Act, 1917.

128

Ch. 51.

Air Force (Constitution) Ac, 1917. 7 & 8 Geo 5.

Section 7

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Part I.

Amendments of the Naval Discipline Act.

Table.

Section of Act. I Amendments 1

21 For " military or naval forces " there shall be substituted naval, military, or air forces." For " military forces " there shall be substituted " military or air forces." After Secretary of War " there shall be inserted or the Air Council, as the case may be." After regiment " there shall be inserted or unit."

29 After " His Majesty's service " there shall be inserted or lose or suffer to be lost any aircraft of His Majesty or in His Majesty's service."

53 (6) - After " naval " there shall be inserted " air force."

66 After "military" there shall be inserted " or belonging to the air force, " and for "belong to His Majesty's Navy" there shall be substituted " who is subject to this Act."

87 After "hereby" there shall be inserted "or by any other Act."

88 For " land forces " there shall be substituted " land and air forces."

90a - After subsection (1) the following subsection shall be inserted:— " (1a) Where an officer, or non-commissioned officer not below the rank of sergeant, is a member of a body of His Majesty's Air Force acting with any body of His Majesty's naval forces under such conditions as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Admiralty and Air Council, and such officer or non-commissioned officer is not borne on the books of any of His Majesty's ships in commission, then, for the purposes of command and dis-

cipline and for the purposes of the provisions

1917.

Air Force (Constitution) Act, 1917. Cii. 51.

129

Section of Act. Amendments.

90a — cotit* - of this Act relating to superior officers, he shall, in relation to such body of His Majesty's naval forces as aforesaid, be treated, and may exercise all such powers (other than powers of punishment), as if he were a naval officer, or petty officer, as the case may be." m j In subsection (2) for " so prescribed as aforesaid " there shall be substituted " prescribed by regulations made by the Admiralty and Army Council." After subsection (2) the following subsection shall be in* serted: — " (2a) Where any naval officer or seaman is a member of a body of His Majesty's naval forces acting with any body of His Majesty's air force under such conditions as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Admiralty and Air Council, then, for the purposes of command and discipline and for the purposes of the provisions of this Act relating to superior officers, the officers, and non-commissioned officers not below the rank of sergeant, of such body of the air force shall, in relation to him, be treated, and may exercise all such powers (other than powers of punishment), as if they were naval officers and petty officers." In subsection (3) " and air-force*' shall be inserted after " naval and military." Part 11. Amendments of the Army Act. Table.

Section of Act. Amendments.

6 (1) (d) " Soldier when acting as " shall be omitted.

7 For " any forces belonging to His Majesty's regular, reserve, or auxiliary forces or navy" and for "His Majesty's regular, reserve, or auxiliary forces or navy " (wherever those words occur) there shall be substituted "any of His Majesty's military, naval, or air forces."

13(1) (6) - After " reserve forces " there shall be inserted " or in the air force."

24(3). - For " military decoration " there shall be substituted " military or air-force decoration."

27(3). " Navy or air force " shall be substituted for " navy " wherever it occurs.

130

Ch. 51.

Air Force (Constitution) Ac, 1917. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Section of Act.

Amendments.

31

32

115 -

116 -113 -

121 -

142 -

152 -

156 (1)

163(1) (ft)

175 -

176 -

179 -

In subsections (1), (7), and (ft) " aircraft " shall be omitted wherever it occurs, and in subsections (4) and (5) for " vessel or aircraft " there shall be substituted •* or vessel."

" Military or air " shall be inserted after " His Majesty's " wherever those words occur.

In subsection (1) " and also of aircraft of every description " shall be omitted; in subsections (3), (6), (7), and (9) " aircraft " shall be omitted wherever it occurs; and in subsection (6) for "vessels and" there shall be substituted " and vessels."

" Aircraft " shall be omitted.

For "vessel or aircraft" there shall be substituted "or vessel."

" Aircraft " shall be omitted wherever it occurs.

After " naval " there shall be inserted " air force."

After "naval" there shall be inserted " air force."

For " military decorations " there shall be substituted " military or air-force decorations."

After "Admiralty" "or of the Air Council" shall be inserted.

After subsection (1) the following subsection shall be inserted:—

" (1a) Any officer of His Majesty's Air Force who is attached to, or seconded for service with, the regular forces, subject, however, to the modifications contained in this Act."

After subsection (1) the following subsection shall be inserted:—

" (1a) All airmen of the Air Force who are attached to the regular forces, subject, however, to the modifications contained in this Act."

After the section the following section shall be inserted: —

" 179a. Where an officer or airman of the air force is attached to, or seconded for service with, the regular forces, this Act shall apply to him, subject to the following modifications:—

(a) a general court-martial for the trial of any such officer or airman shall not be convened except by His Majesty or by an officer authorised to convene general courts-martial under the Air Force Act (who shall have power to convene such a court-martial for the purpose of this section), except that when such officer or airman while subject to this Act is serving beyond the seas with a body of the regular forces, and in

1917.

Air Force (Constitution) Act, 1917. Ch. 51.

131

Section of Act. Amendments.

179 — coni. - the opinion of the general or other officer commanding that body (such opinion to be stated in the order convening the court and to be conclusive) there is not present any officer authorised under the Air Force Act to convene a general court-martial, a general court-martial convened by such general or other officer, if authorised to convene general courts-martial under this Act, may try such officer or airman; (b) a district court-martial for the trial of any such airman may be convened by any officer having authority to convene a district court-martial for the trial of a soldier of the regular forces; (e) Without prejudice to any power of confirmation the findings and sentences of any general court-martial on any such officer or airman may be confirmed by His Majesty or by an officer authorised under this section to convene the same. (<£) Anything required or authorised by this Act to be done by, to, or before the Army Council or Judge Advocate-General may as regards any such officer or airman be done by, to, or before the Air Council; and the provisions of this Act shall be construed, so far as respects any such officer or airman, as if " the Air Council " were substituted for " the Army Council " and *Judge Advocate-General " wherever those words occur; (e) Anything required or authorised by this Act to be done by, to, or before the Commander-in-Chief of the forces in India, or the general or other officer commanding the forces in any colony or elsewhere, may as regards any such officer or airman be done by, to, or before such officer as the Air Council may appoint in that behalf, and, if no such appointment is made, by such Commander-in-Chief or general or other officer; (/) if any such officer or airman commits an offence for which he is not amenable under this Act, but for which he can be punished under the Air Force Act, he may be tried and punished for such offence under that Act."

184a - The following subsection shall be inserted after subsection (1): — " (1a) Where an officer or non-commissioned officer of the Air Force is a member of a body of His Majesty's Air Force acting with any body of ' His Majesty's military forces under such conditions as may be prescribed by regulations 1 made by the Army Council and the Air j Council, then, for the purposes of command j and discipline, and for the purposes of the j provisions of this Act relating to superior officers, he shall, in relation to such body of ! His Majesty's military forces as aforesaid, be i treated, and have all such powers (other than

132

Ch. 51.

Air Force (Constitution) Act, 1917. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Section 12 (1).

Section of Act.

Amendments.

184a — cont. - powers of punishment), as if he were a mili-

tary officer or non-commissioned officer, as the ease may be:

Provided that under regulations made by the Army Council and Air Council the officers and airmen of a body of the Air Force acting . with any body of His Majesty's military

forces on active service, or any of such officers or airmen, may, in such manner and in such circumstances, and subject to such conditions as may be provided by or under those regulations, be made subject to military law, and in such case they shall be subject thereto in like manner as if they were officers and airmen attached to the Army."

In subsection (2) for " so prescribed as aforesaid " there shall be substituted " prescribed by regulations made by the Army Council and the Admiralty."

After subsection (2) the following subsection shall be inserted: —

" (2a) Where any officer or soldier is a member of His Majesty's military forces acting with any body of His Majesty's Air Force under such conditions as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Army Council and Air Council, then, for the purposes of command and discipline and for the purposes of the provisions of this Act relating to superior officers, the officers and non-commissioned officers of such body of the Air Force shall, in relation to him, be treated, and have all such powers (other than powers of punishment), as if they were military officers or non-commissioned officers."

In subsection (3) "and air-force shall be inserted after "naval and military."

190 - - In subsection (18) "military" shall be omitted.

After subsection (40) the following subsection shall be inserted:—

* (41) ‘Airman’ has the same meaning as in the Air Force Act."

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Part I.

General Modifications.

Subject to the specific modifications made in Part II. of this Schedule the Army Act shall apply with respect to the Air Force with the substitution of the terms set forth in the second column of the following

1917.

Air Force (Constitution), 1917. Ch. 51

133

table for the terms set forth in the first column of that Schedule wherever those terms occur in the Army Act.

Table.

Terms in Army Act.

Substituted Terms.

" Army Act " ......

* ' Army Council "---regular forces

‘‘forces" where referring exclusively to the regular forces.

" reserve forces, " "army reserve, " or " army reserve force."

" army service " ......

" auxiliary forces " ......

" soldier " ......

" soldiers " (except in section 102) -

" subject to military law "... "military" when qualifying " custody." " purposes, " " prison, " " prisoner, " " convict, " " reward, " " pay, " " pension, " " allowances, " " service, " " office, " " officer, " " escort, " " duty, " " discipline, " " authority " (whether such words are used in the singular or the plural).

" corps " (except in sections 6 (1) (j), 158 (1), 163 (1) (d) and 181 (5).

" battalion " ......

" regimental " when qualifying " money, " " goods, " " mess " band, " " necessaries " (except in section 156 (7)), " baggage, " " books, " " institution, " or stores."

Air Force Act.

Air Council, regular air force, force.

air force reserve.

ah* force service, auxiliary air force, airman, airmen.

subject to this Act. air-force.

i

I f corps or unit \ as the case may \ corps or units f require, unit, service.

Part II.

Specific Modifications.

The provisions of the Army Act mentioned in the first column of the following table shall be modified or excepted as provided in the second column of that table, and new sections shall be inserted as provided in that table.

Table.

Section of Army Act.

Modification or Exception.

2

- This section shall be omitted.

3

- " this Act " shall be substituted for " military law."

4

The following subsections shall be added after subsection (7): " or

L

Ch. 51.

Air Force (Constitution) Act, 1917. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Section of Army Act. Modification or Exception.

4 — eont. | (8) Treacherously or shamefully causes the capture or de-1 struction by the enemy of any of His Majesty's aircraft; j or (9) Treacherously gives any false air signal or alters or | interferes with any air signal; or 1 V1C) When ordered by his superior officer or otherwise under orders to carry out any warlike operation in the air treacherously or shamefully fails «to use his utmost exertions to carry such orders into effect."

5 The following subsections shall be added after subsection (6): " or (7) Negligently causes the capture or destruction by the | enemy of any of His Majesty's aircraft; or 1 (8) When ordered by his superior officer or otherwise under 1 orders to carry out any warlike operation in the air negligently or through other default fails to use his utmost exertions to carry the order into effect."

6 l, In subsection (1) paragraph (a) shall be omitted. 1 In subsection (1) (d) " soldier when acting as" shall be omitted., In subsection (1) the following paragraph shall be added after paragraph (k): — "or (I) Without due authority altera or interferes with any air signal " In subsections (1) (h) and (2) (a) " drawing swords, beating-drums, " and " in action on the march in the field or elsewhere " shall be omitted.

7 For "any forces belonging to His Majesty's regular, reserve, or auxiliary forces or navy, " and for "His Majesty's regular, reserve, or auxiliary forces, or navy " (wherever those words occur) there shall be substituted " any of His Majesty's naval, military, or air forces."

11 For "general or garrison or other orders" there shall be substituted "general, local, or other orders, " and for " army " wherever it occurs there shall be substituted " air force."

13 (1) In paragraph (a) the following words shall be substituted for the words from the beginning down to and including " actual military service ":— " When belonging to the regular air force or to the auxiliary air force when embodied, " and "any air force" shall be substituted for "any force." In paragraph (6) " the air force reserve or the auxiliary air force or any of the military forces " shall be substituted for " the militia or territorial force or in any of the reserve forces."

15 (2) - - For " quits the ranks " there shall be substituted " quits his duty or duties."

15 (3)- - For "general, garrison or other older" there shall be substituted " general, local, or other order."

1917.

Air Force (Constitution) Act, 1917. Ch. 51.

135

Section of Army Act.

24 (3) -

27 (3) -

32

39

43

44 (/) 44 (11)

44 (13)

45 (2)

47

Modification or Exception.

" air-force, naval or military " shall be substituted for " military."

" Army or Navy " shall be substituted for " Navy " wherever it occurs, and " the regular reserve or auxiliary air force" shall be substituted for "the regular forces, reserve forces or auxiliary forces."

" air or military " shall be inserted after " His Majesty's " wherever those words occur.

After this section the following section shall be inserted: —

" 39a. Every person subject to this Act who commits any of the following offences; that is to say —

(a) wilfully or by wilful neglect or negligently damages,

destroys, or loses any of His Majesty's aircraft or aircraft material; or

(b) is guilty of any neglect likely to cause such damage,

destruction, or loss; or

(c) by neglect (whether wilful or otherwise) causes

damage to or destruction of any public property by fire; or

(d) without lawful authority disposes of any of His

Majesty's aircraft or aircraft material; or

(e) wilfully or by wilful neglect or negligently causes

any danger in flying to the life of any officer or airman of the Air Force; or

(f) During a state of war wilfuly and without proper occasion or negligently causes the sequestration by or under the authority of a neutral state or the destruction in a neutral state of any of His Majesty's aircraft, shall, on conviction by court-martial, be liable, if he has acted wilfully or with wilful neglect, to suffer penal servitude, or such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned, and in any case to suffer imprisonment or such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned."

The words from " or in the case of " to " may appoint " (both inclusive) shall be omitted.

" air force " shall be substituted for " army."

" air force decoration " shall be substituted for] " military decoration " and " as applied to the air force " shall be inserted after *• Regimental Debts Act. 1893, " and " as so applied " shall be inserted after " savings banks " and after " Acts."

The words " under this Act " shall be omitted, and " this Act " shall be substituted for " such law."

" according to the usages of the service " shall be omitted, and at the end of the subsection "and includes naval and military custody " shall be inserted.

This section shall be omitted.

136

Cu. 51. Air Force (Constitution) Act, 1917. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Section of Army Act. Modification or Exception.

48 In subsection (3) " seven " shall be substituted for4* nine, " and at the end of the section the following subsection shall be inserted:— " (10) If it becomes necessary to convene a court-martial under this Act at any place where in the opinion of the convening officer the necessary number of officers of the air force is not available to form such a court, I or where in his opinion such a necessary number could 1 not be made available without serious injury to the interests of the service (such opinion to be expressed in the order convening the court, and to be conclusive), then the said convening officer may, with the consent of the proper naval or military authority, nominate any naval or military officer to preside over the court, or nominate as members of the court any necessary number of naval or military officers in addition to or in lieu of officers of the air force: Provided that no naval or military officer shall be qualified to perform any function in relation to such court-martial unless he is of equal seniority and equivalent rank to that which would have been required by the provisions of this Act if he had been an officer of the air force."

49 (1) For " troops, " wherever that word occurs, and for " forces " there shall be substituted 4‘ the air force."

49 (2) 1 After " this Act " there shall lie inserted " except subsection (10) thereof."

54 (1) -; 1 ' Paragraph (a) shall be omitted. In paragraph (d) for " troops " there shall be substituted "the air force, " for "general or field officer, " there shall be substituted " general field or flag officer, " and at the end of that paragraph "whether such officer is " an officer of the air force or of the naval or military " forces " shall be inserted.

57.(2) -; In paragraph (a) " or the officer commanding the district " or station where the prisoner subject to such punishment may for the time be " and " and " shall be omitted. Paragraphs (6), (c), and (d)shall be omitted.

60 i The following subsection shall be substituted for subsection (11): — " The committing authority for the purpose of this section " whether in India or a colony, shall be the prescribed " officer." In paragraph (a) of subsection (12) and paragraph (6) of subsection (13) " prescribed " shall be substituted for " in this section named." Paragraph (6) of subsection (12) shall be omitted.

61.(5) Paragraph (a) shall be omitted.

64 (3) Paragraph (6) shall be omitted.

64 (4) - | Paragraph (6) shall be omitted.

1917.

Air Force (Constitution), 1917. Ch. 51.

137

Section of Army Act. Modification or Exception.

65 (4) i Paragraphs (a)and (6) and paragraph (c) down to and including the words "In any case " shall be omitted.

65 (5) i Paragraph (a) shall be omitted.

65 (6) Paragraph (5) shall be omitted.

66 The words " army or " shall be omitted, and at the end of the section the words "whether such an officer is an officer ! " of the air force or of the army or navy " shall be inserted.

67 (4) Paragraphs (b) and (c) and paragraph (d) down to and including the word "whether " shall be omitted.

70 (1) (i) " by court-martial under this Act " shall be substituted for " by military law."

73 (3) All from " or in the case of India" (inclusive) shall be omitted.

74(1) " the air force " shall be substituted for " forces."

82 - Subsection (2) shall be omitted.

• 00 This section shall be omitted.

92 In subsection (1) " that force " shall be substituted for " those forces " and subsection (3) shall be omitted.

101 - For " first class of the army reserve force " there shall be substituted " air force reserve." t

106 (3) At the end of the subsection there shall be inserted "as respects the army."

108a In subsection (1) " air force " shall be substituted for " forces " and "military" shall be.omitted, and in subsection (6) " air-force " shall be substituted for " Army.’ *

114 (1), After " carriages and animals, " where those words first and 1 secondly occur, there shall be inserted " and aircraft." At the end of the subsection the following proviso shall be inserted: — " Provided that if in any year a list of carriages and animals is made out under section one hundred and fourteen of the Army Act a list of carriages and animals shall not be made out under this section, but the list so made out shall have effect as if it had been made out under this section as well as under the said section of the

114 (1a) - Army Act." After " carriages or animals, " wherever those words occur, there shall be inserted " or aircraft."

114(4) 1 "In England and Scotland " and "either the Police authority " or the county association established under the Territorial and Reserve Forces Act, 1907, and in Ireland " shall be omitted.

Ch. 51.

Air Force (Constitution) Act, 1917. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Section of Army Act. j Modification or Exception.

115 (1) "military" shall be omitted.

115 (6) "military" shall be omitted, and for " troops " there shall be substituted " body of the air force."

115(7) " or an order for the embodiment of the militia " shall be omitted.

115 (8) " or an order for the embodiment of the militia " shall be omitted.

122 (1) In paragraphs (6) and (c) " territorial " shall be omitted.

122 (6) At the end there shall be inserted: — " it also includes, in the case of a body of the air force on active service, the officer commanding in chief in the field, whether such officer is an officer of the air force,

130 (5) army, or navy." At end there shall be inserted:— " Provided that this subsection shall not apply to a person imprisoned in England."

133 (7) After " officer commanding-in-chief in the field " there shall be inserted " whether such officer is an air force, military or naval officer."

135 - For " the service " there shall be substituted " the air service."

138 (4) For " any arms, ammunition, equipment " there shall be substituted "any aircraft or any part thereof, or any " arms, ammunition, aircraft material, or any other " equipment, " and for " military decoration " there shall be substituted " air-force decoration."

142 (2) For "military, naval, or civil authority" there shall be substituted. " air force, military, naval, or civil authority, " and for " the regular reserve or auxiliary forces " there shall be substituted " the regular reserve or auxiliary air force.’. ’

152 - For " military, naval, or civil authority " there shall be substituted *' air force, military, naval, or civil authority."

154 (5) "military" shall be omitted and " air force " shall be substituted for " forces."

155 - The words from " except " to " Forces Act, 1871 " (both inclusive) shall be omitted, and after " 1875 " there shall be inserted " as applied to the air force."

156 (1) "air-force, naval, or military decorations" shall be substituted for " military decorations, ’ and " the charge of a unit of the air force" shall be substituted for "regimental charge."

162 (1) For " military punishment " there shall be substituted " punishment under this Act."

1917.

Air Force (Constitution) Act} 1917. Ch. 51.

139

Section of Army Act.

Modification or Exception.

163(1)

165

172(1) 175 -

176 -

- In paragraph (a) " any of " shall be omitted, in paragraph (6)

for "Army Council" there shall be substituted "Air Council or the Army Council, " in paragraph (c) "airforce circulars " shall be substituted for " army circulars, "

. and in paragraph (d) " air-force list " shall be substituted for " army list."

- The words " of the judge advocate general, or, " " such judge

" advocate general or his deputy authorised in that " behalf, or by" and "judge advocate general, deputy, " or " shall be omitted.

- The words "or by the commander-in-chief or adjutant-

" general of the forces in India " and " commander-inchief, adjutant-general or " shall be omitted.

- Subsections (3), (5). (6), and (9) and in subsection (7) the

words from and including " subject to this qualification " to the end of the subsection shall be omitted.

The following subsection shall be inserted after subsection (1)=-

" (1a) Any officer of the naval or military forces of the Crown who is attached, or lent to, or seconded for service with, the air force, subject, however, to the modifications j contained in this Act, and with this exception, that if

i the members of the body of the air force with which any

j such naval officer is serving are themselves subject to the Naval Discipline Act he shall remain subject to I that Act."

In subsection (2) " any of " shall be omitted.

In subsection (3a) " auxiliary air " shall be substituted for " territorial."

In subsection (4) for "troops or portion of troops" there shall be substituted " air force or portion of an air force."

! In subsection (7) " air force " shall be substituted for | " troops, " and " any of " shall be omitted.

In subsection (8) " any part of the air force " shall be substituted for " a force, " for " such force " there shall be substituted " such part."

In subsection (10) " air force " shall be inserted before " officers."

i In subsection (11) " an air force " shall be substituted for " a force, " and for " the regular, reserve, or auxiliary i forces " there shall be substituted " the regular, reserve,

I or auxiliary air force."

• 1 The following subsection shall be inserted after subsection

I CD =-

" (1 a) All petty officers, non-commissioned officers, and seamen ' and soldiers of the naval or military forces of the Crown who are attached or lent to the Air Force, subject, how-| ever, to the modifications contained in this Act, and with this exception, that if the members of the body of the air force with which any such petty officer or man of the ' naval forces is serving are themselves subject to the Naval Discipline Act he shall remain subject to that Act."

140

Ch. 51. Air Force (Constitution) Act, 1917. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Section of Army Act.

Modification or Exception.

176 — eont.

177 -

178 -

179 -

In subsection (2) " any of" shall be omitted.

In subsection (5) " or the militia reserve force " and paragraph (6) shall be omitted.

Subsections (6), (7), (8) shall be omitted.

In subsection (6a) "auxiliary air" shall be substituted for " territorial."

In subsection (8a) "the regular, reserve, or auxiliary air force" shall be substituted for "the regular, reserve, or auxiliary forces."

In subsections (9) and (10) air force " shall be substituted for " troops, " and in subsection (9) " any part of " shall be substituted for " any of, " and in subsection (10) the words from and including " subject to this qualification " to the end of the subsection shall be omitted.

- For " any force of volunteers, or of militia or any other force " there shall be substituted " any air force."

For "His Majesty's forces " there shall be substituted " the part of His Majesty's air force."

For the " regular reserve or auxiliary forces " there shall be substituted " the regular, reserve, or auxiliary air force."

The words " military law in pursuance of " shall be omitted wherever those words occur.

- For this section the following sections shall be substituted:—

" 179. Officers and airmen of the air force during the time they are borne on the books of any of His Majesty's ships in commission (unless made subject to this Act as herein-after provided) shall be subject to the Naval Discipline Act and to the laws for the government of the officers and seamen in His Majesty's Navy, and the rules for the discipline of His Majesty's Navy for the time being, and shall be tried and punished for any offence in the same manner as officers and seamen in His Majesty's Navy:

Provided that —

(a) this provision shall not prevent the application of

this Act to any person dealing with or having any relations with any such officer or airman, or to any such officer or airman if found on shore as a deserter or absentee without leave;

(b) if any such officer or airman is employed on land

the senior naval officer present may, if it seems to him expedient, order that he shall during such employment be subject to this Act, and while such order is in force he shall be subject to this Act accordingly;

(c) if any such officer or airman commits an of Eence for which he is not amenable to a naval court-martial, but for which he can be punished under; this Act, he may be tried and punished for such

I offence under this Act."

! " 179a. (1) Where an officer, petty officer, or seaman of the naval forces when not subject to the Naval Discipline Act, or an officer, non-commissioned officer, or soldier of

1917.

Air Force (Constitution), 1917. Ch. 51.

141

Section of Army Act. Modification or Exception.

179 — cont. the military forces, is attached, or lent t>, or seconded for service with, the regular Air Force, this Act shall apply to him, subject to the following modifications: — (a) a general court-martial for the trial of any such officer, petty officer, non-commissioned officer, seaman, or soldier shall not be convened except: — (i) in the case of an officer, petty officer, or seaman of the naval forces, by the Admiralty or by an officer authorised by a warrant from the Admiralty in pursuance of this section; (ii) in the case of an officer, non-commissioned officer, or soldier of the military forces, by His Majesty or by an officer authorised to convene a general court-martial under the Army Act (who shall have power to convene a general court-martial for the purposes of this section); except that where the officer, petty officer, noncommissioned officer, seaman, or soldier is serving beyond the seas with a body of the regular Air Force, and in the opinion of the general or other officer commanding that body (such opinion to be stated in the order convening the court and to be conclusive) there is not present any officer so authorised to convene a general court-martial under this section, a general court-martial convened by such general or other officer, if authorised to convene general courts-martial under this Act, may try such officer, petty officer, non-commissioned officer, seaman, or soldier; (b) A district court-martial for the trial of any such petty officer, non-commissioned officer, seaman, or soldier may be convened by any officer having authority to convene a district court-martial for the trial of an airman of the regular Air Force; (c) Any power in relation to the convening of courts- martial, or of authorising an officer to convene courts-martial, or to delegate the powers of convening courts-martial, or of confirming the findings and sentences of courts-martial, or otherwise in relation to courts-martial, which under this Act His Majesty may exercise by any warrant or warrants, may, as respects any such officer, petty officer, or seaman of the naval forces, be exercised in His Majesty's name by a warrant or warrants from the Admiralty; and any such warrant may be addressed to any officer to whom any warrant of His Majesty can be addressed; (d) Without prejudice to any power of confirmation, the findings and sentences of any general court-martial on any such officer, petty officer, non-

142

Ch. 51. Air Force (Constitution) Act, 1017. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Section of Army Act.

179 — cont.

180 -

181 -

182 -

Modification or Exception.

commissioned officer, seaman, or soldier may be confirmed in the case of an officer, petty officer, or seaman of the naval forces by the Admiralty, and in the oase of an officer, non-commissioned officer, or soldier of the military forces by His Majesty, or in either case by an officer authorised under this section to convene the same;

(e) Anything required or authorised by this Act to be done by, to, or before a Secretary of State or the Air Council may as regards any such officer, petty officer, or seaman of the naval forces be done by, to, or before the Admiralty, and the provisions of this Act shall be construed, so far as respects any such officer, petty officer, or seaman, as if " the Admiralty " were substituted for " Secretary of State " and " Air Council " wherever those words occur;

(f) Anything required or authorised by this Act to be done by, to, or before the Air Council may, as regards any such officer, non-commissioned officer, or soldier of the military forces, be done by, to, or before the Army Council, and the provisions of this Act shall be construed, so far as respects any such officer, non-commissioned officer, or soldier, as if " Army Council " were substituted for " Air Council " wherever thoee words occur;

(g) If any such officer, petty officer, non-commissioned officer, seaman, or soldier commits an offence for which he is not amenable under this Act, but for which he can be punished under the Naval Discipline Act or, as the case may be, the Army Act, he may be tried and punished for such offence under that Act.

(2) In the application of this section to the Royal Marines, petty officer and seaman of the naval forces shall mean non-commissioned officer and man of the Royal Marines."

Subsection (2) shall be omitted.

For "any of His Majesty's auxiliary forces, " and " His Majesty's auxiliary forces " there shall be substituted " the auxiliary air force, " and for the following expressions, namely: — " territorial force, the battalion of militia or the battalion " or corps of yeomanry or volunteers, " " territorial force or militiaman, " " territorial force or militia " (wherever those words occur), " territorial force, a battalion of " militia, or a battalion or corps of yeomanry or volunteers, as the case may l)e, " " territorial force, militia, *• yeomanry, or volunteers, " and " volunteers or the territorial force, " there shall be substituted "auxiliary air " force."

Paragraph (d) of subsection (4) shall be omitted.

In subsection (1) the words "nor tried by regimental court-martial " shall be omitted.

Subsection (3) shall be omitted.

1917.

Air Force (Constitution) Act, 1917. Ch. 51.

143

Section of Army Act.

Mollification or Exception.

183 - - In subsection (2) the words from " and in India " to " in

Council may appoint " (both inclusive) shall be omitted. For " general officer " there shall be substituted " general or flag officer, " and after " in the field " there shall be inserted " (whether such officer is an officer of the air force, army, or navy)."

In proviso (a) to subsection (4) " airforce " shall be substituted l for " army."

j In proviso (b) the words from " and in India " down to " may j appoint " (both inclusive) shall be omitted, and " air-j force " shall be substituted for " army."

184 - - In subsection (1) " other than a regimental court-martial, "

and in subsection (2) " or by a regimental court-martial "

! shall be omitted.

184a - - ! " air force " shall be substituted for " military forces "

i wherever those words occur.

In subsection (1) " or is attached to " shall be omitted, and 1 " an air force officer " shall be substituted for " a military

officer";

! The following subsection shall be inserted after subsection (l): —

I " (1a) Where an officer or non-commissioned officer

of the Army is a member of a body of His Majesty's military forces acting with any

body of His Majesty's Air Force under such conditions as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Army Council and Air Council, then for the purposes of command and discipline, and for the purposes of the provisions I of this Act relating to superior officers he

j shall, in relation to such body of His Majesty’s

Air Force as aforesaid, be treated and have all ! such powers (other than powers of punish-

ment) as if he were an air force officer or

1 non commissioned officer, as the case maybe:

Provided that under regulations made by

I the Air Council and Army Council, the officers

I and soldiers of a body of His Majesty’s

military forces acting with any body of the j Air Force on active service, or any of such

i officers or soldiers, may, in such manner and

! in such circumstances and subject to such

conditions as may be provided by or under those regulations, be made subject to this Act, and in such case they shall be subject thereto in like manner as if they were officers and soldiers attached to the Air Force."

In subsection (2) for " naval forces " there shall be substituted " naval or military forces, " for " so prescribed as aforesaid " there shall be substituted " prescribed by regulations j " made by the Air Council and (as the case may be) the

" Admiralty or the Army Council and such officer or

" airman is not borne on the books of any of His Majesty's I " ships in commission, " " air force officers " shall be

substituted for " military officers, " and after the words

144

Ch. 51.

Air Force (Constitution) Act, 1917. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Section of Army Act.

184 a — cont. 187 -

189 (1) -

189 (2) -

189 (3) -

190 -

Modification or Exception.

" such naval body " there shall be inserted the words "or " the officers and non-commissioned officers of such " military body (as the case may be)."

In subsection (3) " and air force " shall be inserted after " naval and military."

Subsections (3) and (4) shall be omitted.

"warlike operations" shall be substituted for "military operations."

For the words from the beginning of the subsection down to and including the words "commanding such forces " there shall be substituted the words "Where the Governor " of a colony in which any part of His Majesty's airforce " is serving, or if part of such force is serving out of His Majesty's dominions, the General Officer commanding " such part "

" force " shall be substituted for " forces " wherever the word occurs, and "it was" shall be substituted for "they

" force " shall be substituted for " forces."

Subsections (3), (9), (12), (13), (14), (16) and (22) shall be omitted.

In subsection (4) for " His Majesty's forces, " wherever those words occur, and for " His Majesty's said forces, " there shall be substituted " the air force, " and in subsection (5) for " army " there shall be substituted " air-force, " and in subsection (8) the words from "and including" to " Royal Malta Artillery " (both inclusive) shall be omitted.

The following subsection shall be substituted for subsection (15): —

" (15) The expression ‘ corps’means any such body of the air force as may be from time to time declared by Royal Warrant to be a corps for the purpose of this Act, and the expression unit’means any such unit of the air force as may be from time to time declared by orders or regulations as to the government of the air force to be a unit for any of the purposes of this Act."

' The following subsection shall be substituted for subsec-

I tion (17): —

! " (17) The expression ‘ service when qualifying institu-

tion, necessaries, books, band, mess, money, goods, and other property, means belonging to or connected with the air service or any unit or part of a unit thereof."

In subsection (18) "military" shall be omitted.

The following new subsections shall be inserted at the end of the section: —

I " (41) The expression ‘ soldier has the same meaning as in the Army Act."

" (42) The expression aircraft’includes aeroplanes, balloons, kite balloons, airships, or other machines for flying."

1917.

Air Force (Constitution) Act, 1917. Cu. 51, 52.

145

Section of Army Act.

190 — cont.

U

Modification or Exception.

(43) The expression ‘ aircraft material’includes any engines, fittings, guns, gear, instruments, or apparatus, for use in connection with aircraft and any components and accessories of aircraft and petrol or any other substance used for providing motive power for aircraft and lubricating oil."

(44) The expression air signal’means any signal intended for the guidance of aircraft whether given by flag, ground signal, light, wind-indicator, or in any other manner whatsoever."

(45) The expressions ‘ the forces’and ‘ His Majesty's forces’include His Majesty's naval, military and air forces."

(46) The expression ‘ field officer’means any officer above the rank of captain and below the rank of general officer."

Sched. 4 -

"Bn. of the Regiment of " shall be

omitted, and for " before-mentioned corps " there shall be substituted " before-mentioned unit."

CHAPTER 52.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and eighteen, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[20th December 1917.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WJ E, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Grants out of Consolidated Fund.

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of issue of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply ont’of the towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the Consolidated service of the year ending on die thirty-first day of March Fund.

146

Ch. 52.

Appropriation Act, 1917.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Power for the Treasury to borrow.

40 & 41 Vict. c.

Appropriation of sums voted for supply services.

54 & 65 Vict. c. 24.

Treasury may, in certain cases of exigency, authorise expenditure unprovided for; provided that

one thousand nine hundred and eighteen the sum of five hundred and fifty million four thousand four hundred and ninety-five pounds.

2. — (1) The Treasury may borrow from any person, by the issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said sums, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole five hundred and fifty million four thousand four hundred and ninety-five pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and eighteen, and section six of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills), shall not apply with respect to those bills.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding five pounds per cent, per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

Appropriation of Grants.

3. All sums granted by this Act and the other Acts mentioned in Schedule (A.) annexed to this Act out of the said Consolidated Fund towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty, amounting, as appears by the said schedule, in the aggregate, to the sum of two thousand eight hundred and four million two hundred and fifty-three thousand eight hundred and three pounds, are appropriated, and shall be deemed to have been appropriated as from the date of the passing of the Acts mentioned in the said Schedule (A.), for the services and purposes expressed in Schedule (B.) annexed hereto.

The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed hereto, with the notes (if any) to such schedules, shall be deemed to be part of this Act in the same manner as if they had been contained in the body thereof.

In addition to the sums hereby granted out of the Consolidated Fund, there may be applied out of any money directed under section two of the Public Accounts and Charges Act, 1891, to be applied as appropriations in aid of the grants for the services and purposes specified in Schedule (B.) annexed hereto the sums respectively set forth in the last column of the said schedule.

4. — (1) So long as the aggregate expenditure on naval and military services respectively is not made to exceed the aggregate sums appropriated by this Act for those services respectively, any surplus arising on any vote for those

1917.

Appropriation Act, 1917.

Ce. 52.

147

services, either by an excess of the sum realised on account of appropriations in aid of the vote over the sum which may be applied under this Act as appropriations in aid of that vote, or by saving of expenditure on that vote, may, with the sanction of the Treasury, be temporarily applied either in making up any deficiency in the sums realised on account of appropriations in aid of any other vote in the same department, or in defraying expenditure in the same department which is not provided for in the sums appropriated to the service of the department by this Act, and which it may be detrimental to the public service to postpone until provision can be made for it by Parliament in the usual course.

(2) A statement showing all cases in which the sanction of the Treasury has been given to the temporary application of a surplus under this section, and showing the circumstances under which the sanction of the Treasury has been given, shall be laid before the House of Commons with the appropriation accounts of the naval and military services for the year, in order that any temporary application of any surplus sanctioned by the Treasury under this section may be submitted for the sanction of Parliament.

5. Whereas under the powers given for the purpose by the Appropriation Acts, 1915 and 1916, surpluses arising on certain votes for the naval and military services respectively have been temporarily applied as shown in the accounts set out in Schedule (C.) to this Act:

It is enacted that the application of those surpluses as shown in the said accounts is hereby sanctioned.

6. A person shall not receive any par* of a grant which may be made in pursuance of this Act for half-pay or army, navy, or civil non-effective services, until he has subscribed such declaration as may from time to time be prescribed by a warrant of the Treasury before one of the persons prescribed by such warrant:

Provided that, whenever any such payment is made at more frequent intervals than once in a quarter, the Treasury may dispense with the production of more than one declaration in respect of each quarter.

Any person who makes a declaration for the purpose of this section, knowing the same to be untrue in any material particular, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor.

7. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Appropriation Act, 1917.

the aggregate grants for the navy services and for the army services respectively be not exceeded.

Sanction for navy and army expenditure for 1915-1916 unprovided for.

5 & 6 Geo. 5.; c. 77.

6 & 7 Geo. 5. c. 71.

Declaration required in certain cases before receipt of sums appropriated.

[Short title.]

148

Ch. 52.

7 & 8 Geo. 5,

Section 3.

Appropriation Aett 1917. ABSTRACT

OF

SCHEDULES (A.) and (B.) to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund

£ «. -2, 804, 253, 803 0 0

SCHEDULE (B.) — Appropriation of Grants.

Part i.

.. 2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

1915-1916-1917.

Navy Excesses, 1915-1916 Ministry of Munitions (Ordnance Factories) Excesses, 1915-1916 Navy (Supplementary), 1916-1917 -

Army (Supplementary), 1916-1917 Civil Services (Supplementary), 1916-1917 Ministry of Munitions and Ordnance Factories, 1916-1917 Ministry of Pensions, 1916-1917 Naval and Military Operations, &c. (Supplementary Votes of Credit), 1916-1917

1917-1918.

Part 9.

, 10.

Navy

Army

Part 11. Civil Services, Class I.

12.

13.

14.

15. H. 17.

Ditto,

Ditto,

Ditto,

Ditto,

Ditto.

Ditto,

Class II. -Class III. -Class IY. -Class V. -Class VI. -Class VII.

Total Civil Services - £

Sums not exceeding

Supply Q rants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ i. d. £ 8. d.

10 0 0 —

! 0 0 —

\ 10 0 0 17,000,000 0 0

1 10 0 0 40,000,000 0 0

1 422, 355 0 0 131, 369 0 0

200 0 0 55, 998, 900 0 0

1,000 i 0 0 100 0 0

260,000,000 0 0 —

260, 423, 595 0 0 113, 130, 369 0 0

17,000 0 0 1, 700 0 0

15,000 0 0 1, 500 0 0

32,000 0 0 3, 200 0 0

2, 837, 899 0 0 140, 118 0 0

5, 373.507 0 0 932, 158 0 0

4, 925, 210 0 0 692, 813 0 0

26, 220, 031 0 0 12, 075 0 0

1, 367, 605 0 0 144, 120 0 0

1, 079, 473 0 0 5, 700 0 0

20, 758, 330 0 0 510, 050 0 0

62, 562, 055 0 0 2, 437, 034 0 0

1917

Appropriation Act, 1917

Ch. 52.

149

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

1917-1918.

£ *. d. £ d.

Partl8. Ministry of Munitions

and Ordnance Factories 1, 100 0 0 1, 100 0 0

, 19. Ministry of Pensions, &c. - 6,000 0 0 400 0 0

it 20. Revenue Departments, &c. £ 31, 229, 053 0 0 682, 665 0 0

, 21. Naval and Military!

Operations, &c. (Vote f £ 350,000,000 0 0 __

of Credit) -

, 22. Naval and Military!

Operations, &c. (Sup- f £ plementary Votes of C 2, 100,000,000 0 0 —

Credit) - -)

Grand Total - £ 2, 804, 253, 803 0 0 116, 254, 768 0 0

SCHEDULE (A.)

SCHED. (A.)

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund.

For the service of the year ended on the 31st day of £ 9. d.

March, 1916:—

Under Act 7 & 8 Geo. 5. c. 49 - 20 0 0

For the service of the year ended on the 31st day of

March 1917: —

Under Act 7 Geo. 5. c. 1 - 200,000,000 0 0

Under Act 7 Geo. 5. c. 7 - 60, 423, 575 0 0

For the service of the year ending on the 31st day of

March 1918

Under Act 7 Geo. 5. c. 1 - - 350,000,000 0 0

Under Act 7 Geo. 5. c. 7 - - 38, 025,000 0 0

Under Act 7 & 8 Geo. 5. c. 17 - - 500, 033, 230 0 0

Under Act 7 & 8 Geo. 5. c. 33 - - 664, 265, 560 0 0

Under Act 7 & 8 Geo. 5. c. 49 - - 441, 501, 923 0 0

Under this Act - 550, 004, 495 0 0

Total - £2, 804, 253, 803 0 0

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 1. s^jHhD. (B.)

---- Part 1.

Navy Excesses, 1915-1916. Nary Excesses,

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriation in Aid.

Sum granted to make good excesses of Navy expenditure beyond the Grants, for the year ended on the £ 9. d.

3lBt day of March 1916 - 10 0 0

M

150

Ch. 52.

Appropriation, 1917.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 2. Ministry of Munitions (Ordnance Factories) Excesses, 1915-1916.

Bohed. (B.) Part 3.

Navy

(Supple-

mentary),

1916-1917.

SCHED. (B.) Part 4.

Army

(Supple-

mentary),

1916-1917.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 2.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriation in Aid.

MUNITIONS (ORDNANCE FACTORIES) EXCESSES, 1915-1916.

Sum granted to make good excesses of Ministry of Munitions (Ordnance Factories) expenditure beyond the Grants, for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1916 ..... 10 0 0

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 3.

Navy (Supplementary), 1916-1917.

Sum granted and sum which may be applied as appropriation in aid in addition thereto to meet additional expenditure on Navy Services for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1917, viz.:—

Sum not exceeding

Supply Grant. Appropriation in Aid.

Vote 1. Wages, Ac., of Officers, Seamen and Boys, Coast Guard, and Royal Marines - £ d. 10 0 0 £ 17,000,000

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 4.

Army (Supplementary), 1916-1917.

Sum granted and sum which may be applied as appropriation in aid in addition thereto to meet additional expenditure on Army Services for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1917, viz.:—

Sum not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grant. tion in Aid.

£ s. d. £

Vote 1. Pay, &c., of the Army - 10 0 0 40,000,000

1917.

Appropriation, 1917. Ch. 52.

151

SCHEDULE (B.)-Part 5.

CkviL Services (Supplementary), 1916-1917.

Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted to defray the charges for the Services herein particularly mentioned for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1917, viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

1 Supply Appropria-

Grants. tions in Aid.

CIVIL SERVICES. j Class I., ! £ £

For the Survey of the United Kingdom and for j minor services connected therewith - - 12, 370 -*6, 950

Class II. For the Salaries and Expenses of the War Cabinet - 1 3, 075

For the Salaries and Expenses of the Office of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade and Subordinate Departments 41, 709

Fcr the Salaries and Expenses of the Board of Con-:trol (Lunacy and Mental Deficiency), England -; 3, 800 3, 500

For the Salaries and Expenses of the Establishment under the Public Works Loan Commissioners - 1, 300 -*1, 300

For His Majesty's Foreign and other Secret Services 120,000 —

For the Salaries and Expenses of the Department of the Registrar-General of Births, &c. - 250 —

Class III. For the Salaries and Expenses connected with County Courts - - | 13, 366 -*13, 366

For the Salaries of the Commissioner and Assistant Commissioners of the Metropolitan Police, and of the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District, the Contribution towards the Expenses of the Metropolitan Police, Repayments to the Metropolitan Police Fund, the Salaries and Expenses of the Inspectors of Constabulary, and Expenses in connection with Special Constables and the Police Reserve - 1, 191

* Dcflci*,

SCHED. (B.) Part 5.

Civil Services (Supplementary), 1916-1917.

152

SCHED. fB.) PART 5.

Civil Serivccs (Supplementary), 1916-1917.

Ch. 52. Appropriation Act, 1917. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. tions in Aid.

For Criminal Prosecutions and other Law Charges £ £

in Ireland, including a Grant in relief of certain Expenses payable by Statute out of Local Rates 344 —

For the Salaries and Expenses of the Commissioner of Police, the Police Courts, and the Metropolitan Police Establishment of Dublin - 10, 590 -*4,000

For the Expenses of the Royal Irish Constabulary 56, 770 —

Class Y. For making good the Net Loss on transactions connected with the raising of Money for the various Treasury Chests Abroad in the year 1915-16 ....... 4, 675

Class YI. For a Grant in Aid of the Government Hospitality Fund ...... 25,000

Class YH. For the Salaries and Expenses of the Ministry of Labour and Subordinate Departments, including the Contribution to the Unemployment Insurance Fund and Repayments to Associations pursuant to sections 85 and 106 of the National Insurance Act, 1911 100, 915 153, 485

For the Payment of Grants towards the Cost of the Extension of Sanatorium Benefit to the Dependents of Insured Persons under the National Insurance Act, 1911, and of the Treatment of Tuberculosis generally .... ! 27,000

Total - - £ 422, 355 131, 369

* Deficit.

1917. Appropriation Act, 1917. Ch. 52.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 6.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

MINISTRY OF MUNITIONS, 1916-17.

For the expenses of the Ministry of Munitions 100 19, 999, 900

For the expenses of the Ordnance Factories, the cost of the production of which will be charged to the Army, Navy, Ministry of Munitions, and Indian and Colonial Governments, &c. - 100 35, 999,000

Total ... £ 200 55, 998, 900

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 7.

Ministry of Pensions, 1916-1917.

(j Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Pensions, and for sundry contributions in respect of the administration of the Ministry of Pensions Act, 1916 -

1,000 100

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 8.

Naval and Military Operations, <fcc., 1916-1917 (Supplementary

Votes of Credit).

For defraying the expenses which may be incurred during the year ending the 31st March 1917 for General Navy and Army Services in so far as specific provision is not made therefor by Parliament; for the conduct of naval and military operations; for all measures which may be taken for the security of the country; for assisting the food supply and promoting the continuance of trade, industry, business, and communications, whether by means of insurance or indemnity against risk; the financing of the purchase and resale of foodstuffs and materials, or otherwise; for relief of distress; and generally for all expenses beyond those provided for in the ordinary grants of Parliament, arising out of the £

existence of a state of war .... 260,000,000

153

SCHED. (B.) Part 6.

Ministry of Munitions, 1916-1917.

SCHED. (B.) Part 7.

Ministry of Pensions, 1916-1917.

SCHED. (B.) Part 8. Naval and Military Operation, Jcc. (Supplementary Votes of Credit, 1916-17.)

154

Ch. 52.

Appropriation, 1917. SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 9.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

SC HKD. (B.)

Part 9. Navy.

NAVY.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Navy Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1918; viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No.

1. For wages, &c., to 450,000 officers, seamen, and boys, coastguard, and royal marines (including a supplementary number of 50,000) £ £

1,000 100

2. For victualling and clothing for the navy, including the cost of victualling establishments at home and abroad - 1,000 100

3. For medical services, including the cost of medical establishments at home and abroad - 1,000 100

4. For civilians employed on fleet services 1,000 100

5. For educational services ... 1,000 100

6. For scientific services ... 1,000 100

7. For the royal naval reserve, the royal fleet 1,000 100

reserve, and the royal naval volunteers, &c.

8. Sect. 1. For the personnel for shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance, Ac., at dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad - 1,000 100

I, Sect. 2. For the materiel for shipbuilding, | repairs, maintenance, Ac., at dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad 1,000 100

, Sect. 3. For contract work for shipbuilding, , repairs, &c. - 1,000 100

9. For naval armaments - 1,000 100

10. For works, buildings, and repairs at home and abroad, including the cost of superintendence, purchase of sites, grants in aid, and other charges connected therewith 1,000 100

11. For various miscellaneous effective services - 1,000 100

12. For the Admiralty Office ... 1,000 100

13. For half-pay, and retired pay - 1,000 100

14. For naval and marine pensions, gratuities, 1,000 100

and compassionate allowances

15. For civil superannuation, compensation allow- 1,000 100

ances, and gratuities -

Total Navy Services - - £ 17,000 1, 700

1917.

Appropriation Act, 1917. SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 10.

Ch. 52.

155

ARMY.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Army Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1918; viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply 1 Appropriations in Aid.

Grants.)

No.

1. For the pay, &c., of the Army - - 1,000 100

2. For the pay, &c., of the medical establishments and for medicines, &e. - 1,000 100

3. For the expense of the Special Reserve and of the Officers’ Training Corps - 1,000 100

4. For grants and miscellaneous charges of the Territorial Force and Channel Islands and Colonial Militia, including the expense of permanent staff .... 1,000 100

5. For establishments for military education 1,000 100

6. For quartering, transport, and remounts 1,000 100

7. For supplies and clothing - 1,000 100

8. For the Ordnance Department establishments and for general stores - 1,000 100

9. For warlike and engineer stores - 1,000 100

10. For works, buildings, and repairs, lands, and miscellaneous engineer services, including staff in connection therewith - 1,000 100

11. For miscellaneous effective services 1,000 100

12. For the War Office .... 1,000 100

13. For rewards; half-pay; retired pay; widows’ pensions; and other non-effective chargdb for officers - - 1,000 100

14. For Chelsea and Kilmainham hospitals; for out pensions; for rewards for distinguished services; for widows’ pensions; and for other non-effective charges for warrant officers, i non-commissioned officers, and men, &c. - j 1,000 100

15. For civil superannuation, compensation, and additional allowances, gratuities, injury grants, <&c. - 1,000 100

Total Army Services - £ j 15,000 1, 500

Sched. (B.) Part 10.

Army.

156

Ch. 52.

Appropriation, 1917

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 11. Civil Services. Class I.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 11.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class I.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1918; viz.: —

No.

1. For expenditure in respect of royal palaces,

including a grant in aid -

2. For expenditure in respect of Osborne -

3. For expenditure in respect of the royal parks

and pleasure gardens -

4. For expenditure in respect of the Houses of

Parliament buildings (including a supplementary grant of 5/.) -

5. For expenditure in respect of miscellaneous

legal buildings, Great Britain

6. For expenditure in respect of Art and Scienoe

buildings, Great Britain ...

7. For expenditure in respect of diplomatic and consular buildings, and for the maintenance of certain cemeteries abroad (including a supplementary sum of 6,000l.)

8. For expenditure in respect of Customs and Excise, Inland Revenue, Post Office and Telegraph buildings in Great Britain, and certain Post Offices abroad -

e

9. For expenditure in respect of Ministry of

Labour, Employment Exchange, and Insurance buildings, Great Britain -

10. For expenditure in respect of sundry public buildings in Great Britain not provided for on other votes -

11. For the survey of the United Kingdom, and for minor services connected therewith -

12. For maintaining certain harbours under the Board of Trade -

13. For constructing a new harbour of refuge at Peterhead -

Sums not exceeding

j Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ I 56, 230 £ 3, 160

10, 600 2, 125

97, 700 j 14, 840

I 47, 805 525

49, 400 730

, 64, 200 880

36, 650 3, 375

1 505, 800 4,000

i 158, 350 2,000

636, 700 47, 100

57, 830 15, 870

; 4, 357 2, 600

11,000 —

1917.

Appropriation Act, 1917.

Cm. 52.

157

Sums not exceeding

No. Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

14. For rates and contributions in lieu of rates, &c., in respect of Government property, and for £ £

rates on houses occupied by Representatives of Foreign Powers, and for salaries and expenses of the Rating of Government property department, and for a contribution towards the expenses of the London Fire Brigade 882,000 34, 613

15. For the expenditure in respect of public buildings in Ireland, for the maintenance of certain parks and public works, and for the maintenance of drainage works on the River Shannon - 169, 660 8.300

16. For payments under the Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883, &c., the Railways (Ireland) Act, 1896, the Marine Works (Ireland) Act, 1902, and for other purposes connected with Irish railways - 49, 617

Total Civil Services, Class I. - £ 2, 837, 899 140, 118

SCHED. (B.) Part 11.

Civil Service. Class I.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 12.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class II.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1918; viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. tions in Aid.

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the offices of £ £

the House of Lords - 42, 149 2,000

2. For the salaries and expenses of the House of Commons - 281, 794 4, 500

2a. For the salaries and expenses of the War Cabinet (including a supplementary sum of 3, 495/.) 13, 495

3. For the salaries and other expenses in the department of His Majesty's Treasury and subordinate departments, including expenses in respect of advances under the Light Railways Act, 1896 .... 124, 898 4, 224

4. For the salaries and expenses of tho office of His Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department and subordinate offices - 253, 784 5, 525

5. For the salaries and expenses of the department of His Majesty's Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs - 61, 181 10,000

6. For the salaries and expenses of the department of His Majesty's Secretary of State for the

Colonies, including a grant in aid of certain expenses connected with Emigration - 1 59, 750 | —

S jhed. (B.) Part 12.

Civil Services, Class II.

158

Ch. 52.

Appropriation, 1917.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 12.

Ciril Services. Class II.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. tions in Aid.

No.

7. For the salaries and expenses of the department of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council ---- £ £

10, 108 2, 600

8. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade, and subordinate departments 418, 923 27, 248

9. For the salaries and expenses of certain services transferred from the Mercantile Marine Fund and other services connected with the Mercantile Marine, including Merchant Seamen’s Fund Pensions - 119, 261 98, 960

10. For meeting the deficiency of income from fees, &c., for the requirements of the Board of Trade, under the Bankruptcy Act, 1914 - 0 98, 470

11. For the salaries and expenses of the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries and of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, including certain grants in aid - 469, 207 199, 487

12. For the salaries and expenses of the Charity Commission for England and Wales - 28, 484

13. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the Government Chemist - 27, 396

14. For the salaries and expenses of the Civil Service Commission - 40, 256

14a. For the salaries and expenses of the Conciliation and Arbitration Board for Government Employees .... 1, 840

15. For the salaries and expenses of the department of the Comptroller and Auditor General 69, 910 3, 202

16. For the salaries and expenses of the Registry of Friendly Societies - 23, 244 1, 100

17. For the salaries and expenses of the Local Government Board - - 657, 271 2, 700

18. For the salaries and expenses of the Board of Control (Lunacy and Mental Deficiency), England ---- 133, 342 1, 435

19. For the salaries and expenses of the Mint, including the expenses of coinage, and for the expenses of the preparation of medals, dies for postage and other stamps, and His Majesty's seals - 50 151, 950

20. For the salaries and expenses of the National Debt Office - - - 13, 371 2, 474

21. For the salaries and expenses of the Public Record Office and of the Office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments 21, 995

22. For the salaries and expenses of the establish -ment under the Public Works Loan Commissioners ---- 11, 207 1,000

28. For the salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of Births, &c., in England - 44 593 24, 520

24. For stationery, printing, paper, binding, and printed books for the public service, for the salaries and expenses of the Stationery Office, and for sundry miscellaneous services, including reports of Parliamentary Debates - 965, 944 209,000

25. For the salaries and expenses in the office of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues ---- 20, 522

1917.

Appropination Act, 1917. Ch. 52.

No.

26. For the salaries and expenses of the office of

the Commissioners of His Majesty's Works and Public Buildings -

27. For His Majesty's foreign and other secret

services (including a supplementary sum of 300,000l.) ......

28. For the salaries and expenses of the office of

His Majesty's Secretary for Scotland and subordinate offices, expenses under the Inebriates Acts, 1879 to 1900, and expenses under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1899 -

29. For the salaries and expenses of the Board of

Agriculture for Scotland, including certain grants in aid -

30. For the salaries and expenses of the Fishery

Board for Scotland, and for grants in aid of piers or quays -

31. For the salaries and expenses of the General

Board of Control for Scotland

32. For the salaries and expenses of the department

of the Registrar General of Births, &c., in Scotland -

33. For the salaries and expenses of the Local

Government Board for Scotland, and also for expenses in respect of advances under the Housing Act, 1914 -

34. For the salaries and expenses of the household

of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland

35. For the salaries and expenses of the offices of

the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, in Dublin and London, and of the Inspectors of Lunatic AsylumH, and expenses under the Inebriates Acts -

36. For the salaries and expenses of the depart-

ment of agriculture and other industries, and technical instruction for Ireland, and of the services administered by that department, including sundry grants in aid

37. For the salaries and expenses of the office of

the Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests for Ireland -

38. For the Congested Districts Board for Ireland,

including sundry grants in aid

39. For the salaries and expenses of the Local

Government Board in Ireland, including sundry grants in aid -

40. For the salaries and expenses of the Public

Record Office in Ireland, and of the Keeper of State Papers in Dublin

41. For the salaries and expenses of the Office of

Public Works in Ireland

42. For the salaries and expenses of the depart-

ment of the Registrar General of Births, Ac., and for the expenses of collecting emigration statistics in Ireland ....

43. For the salaries and expenses of the general

valuation and boundary survey of Ireland -

Total Civil Services, Class II.

; Sums not exceeding

1 Supply 1 Grants. j Appropria- j tions in Aid.

' £ ! £

159, 150

550,000 —

18, 887 300

70, 966 21, 180

20, 077 844

30, 261 500

7, 183 1, 100

47, 058 ] 12,000

3, 104 I —

24, 904 323

148, 777 20, 496

2, 055 41

169, 750 3, 225

116, 848 7 800

6, 830 —

42, 404 400

159

Sc HKD. (B.)

Part 12.

Civil Services. Class II.

13, 583

27, 689

5, 373, 507

3,000

10, 554

932, 158

160

Ch. 52.

Appropriation, 1917.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

fcOHEO. (B.) Part 13.

Civil Services. Class III.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 13.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class III.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1918; viz.:—

Bums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No.

1. For the salaries of the law officers department, the salaries and expenses of the department of the Solicitor for the affairs of His Majesty's Treasury and Procurator-General, and the department of Director of Public Prosecutions, for the costs of prosecutions, of other legal £ £

proceedings, and of Parliamentary Agency 2. For certain miscellaneous legal expenses, including grants in aid of the expenses of the Incorporated Law Societies of England and 84, 089 14, 100

Ireland ..... 3. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature and Court of Criminal Appeal as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund - 4. For the salaries and expenses of the office of 33, 204

303, 073 60, 650

Land Registry .... 5. For the salaries and expenses of the office of 37, 483

Public Trustee .... 6. For the salaries and expenses connected with 10 109, 019

the County Courts - 7. For the salaries of the Commissioner and Assistant Commissioners of the Metropolitan Police, and of the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District, the contribution towards the expenses of the Metropolitan Police, the salaries and expenses of the Inspectors of Constabulary, and expenses in connection with 140, 498 240,000

Special Constables and the Police Reserve -8. For the expenses of the prisons in England, Wales, and the Colonies, including a grant in aid of certain expenses connected with Dis- 108, 346 92

charged Prisoners .... 9. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Inspector of Reformatories and for the maintenance of juvenile offenders in reformatory, industrial, and day industrial schools and in places of detention under the Children Act, in Great Britain (including a supplemen- 671, 590 22,000

tary sum of 64.328/.) -10. For the maintenance of criminal lunatics in the Criminal Lunatic Asylums at Broadmoor 409, 343 30,000

and Hampton ---- 55, 434 l, lf.4

1917.

Appropriation Actt 1917. Ch. 52.

101

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

• Grants. tions in Aid.

No.

11. For the salaries and expenses of the Lord Advocate’s department and other law charges, and the salaries and expenses of the Courts of Law and Justice in Scotland 75, 352 58,000

12. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Scottish Land Court 7, 186

13. For the salaries and expenses of the offices in His Majesty's General Register House, Edinburgh 41, 622 *

14. For the salaries and expenses of the Prison Commissioners for Scotland, and of the prisons under their control, including the maintenance of criminal lunatics, defectives, and inmates of the State inebriate reformatory, and the preparation of judicial statistics 97, 900 6, 600

IS. For criminal prosecutions and other law charges in Ireland, including a grant in relief of certain expenses payable by statute out of local rates ..... 60, 431 300

16. For such of the salaries and expenses of the

Supreme Court of Judicature and of certain other legal departments in Ireland as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund 110, 563 2, 100

17. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Irish Land Commission - 774, 809 44, 250

18. For the salaries, allowances, and expenses of various county court officers, and of magistrates in Ireland, and the expenses of revision 101, 369 4, 550

19. For the salaries and expenses of the Commissioner of Police, the police courts and the metropolitan police establishment of Dublin 113, 201 57, 078

20. For the expenses of the Royal Irish Constabulary ---- 1, 457, 849 38, 320

21. For the expenses of the General Prisons Board in Ireland, and of the establishments under their control; the registration of habitual criminals and the maintenance of criminal lunatics confined in district lunatic asylums - 112, 782 2,000

22. For the expenses of reformatory and industrial schools in Ireland .... 119, 740 2, 600

23. For the maintenance of criminal lunatics in the D undrum Criminal Lunatic Asylum, Ireland 9, 336

Total Civil Services, Class III. - £ 4, 925, 210 692, 813

SCHED. (B.) Part 13.

Ciril Services. Glass III.

162

Ch. 52.

Appropriation, 1917.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.) Part 14. Civil Service*. Claes IV.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 14.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class IV.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1918; viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No. 1. For the salaries and expenses of the Board of Education, and of the various establishments connected therewith, including sundry grants £ £

in aid (including a supplementary sum of 3, 856, COO/.) 2. For the salaries and other expenses of the British Museum, and of the Natural History 19, 015, 780 2, 675

Museum, including certain grants in aid 3. For the salaries and expenses of the National Gallery, and of the National Gallery of British Art, Millbank (including a supple 128, 595 6, 925

* mentary sum of 17,000l.) -4. For the salaries and expenses of the National Portrait Gallery (including a grant in aid for 28, 421 250

the purchase of portraits) -5. For the salaries and expenses of the Wallace 3, 631 —

Collection - 6. For the salaries and expenses in respect of the 4, 031 5

London Museum, Lancaster House 6A.For the salaries and expenses of the National War Museum, including a grant in aid of 2, 300

purchases 7. For sundry grants in aid of scientific investiga- 21,000 —

tion, &c., and other grants -8. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Scientific and Industrial Research 100, 006

(including a grant in aid) -9. For grants in aid of the expenses of certain Universities and Colleges in Great Britain and of the expenses under the Welsh Inter- 1, 058, 050

mediate Education Act, 1889 -10. For public education in Scotland, and for Science and Art in Scotland (including a sup- 321, 200

plementary sum of 529, 856/.) ... 11. For the salaries and expenses of the National Gallery, the Scottish National Portrait 3, 043, 621

Gallery, and the Museum of Antiquities 12. For the expenses of the Commissioners of National Education in Ireland, including grants in aid of the Teachers Pension Fund, Ireland (including a supplementary sum of 3, 980

384,000l.) 13. For the grant towards salaries of teachers in 2, 202, 018 700

secondary schools in Ireland - 40,000 —

1917.

Appropriation Act, 1917. Ch. 52.

163

Sums not exceeding

Supply i Appropria-

Grants. tions in Aid.

SCHED. (H.) Part 14.

Civil Services. Class IV.

No.

14. For the expenses of the office of the Commissioners for managing certain school endowments in Ireland -

15. For the salaiies and expenses of the National

Gallery of Ireland -

16. For the salaries and expenses of the Institutions

of Science and Art in Dublin, and of the Geological Survey of Ireland, and Annual Grants to Schools and Classes of Science and Art and Technical Instruction, including sundry Grants in Aid, administered by the Department of Agriculture and Technical Instruction for Ireland ....

17. For grants under the Irish Universities Act, 1908

850

1.830

152, 218

112, 500

Total Civil Services, Class IV.

- £ 1 26, 220, 031

1, 520

12, 075

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 15.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class V.

SCHED. (B.) Part 15.

Civil Services. Class V.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1918; viz.:-

Sums not exceeding

Supply, Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Nc. 1. For the expenses in connection with His Majesty's embassies, missions, and consular establishments abroad, and other expenditure chargeable to the Consular Vote 2. For sundry colonial services, including certain grants in aid - I £ 660.969 6(8, 961 £ 144, 120

3. For the subsidies to certain Telegraph Companies ---- 1 27, 675 —

4. For a grant in aid of the Revenue of the Island of Cyprus ---- 50,000 —

Total Civil Services, Class V. - £ t 1, 367, 605 144 120

1(54

Ch. 52.

Appropriation Actt 1917.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Seeed. (B.)

Past 16. Civil Service*. Class VI.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 16.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VI.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1918; viz.: —

Sums not exceed! ng

No.

1. For superannuation, compensation, compas-

sionate, and additional allowances, and gratuities under sundry Statutes, for compassionate allowances and gratuities awarded by the Treasury; and for the salaries of medical referees -

2. For certain miscellaneous, expenses, including

certain charitable and other allowances, Great Britain -

3. For hospitals and infirmaries and certain miscel-

laneous charitable and other allowances in Ireland, including sundry grants in aid

4. For the salaries and other expenses of

Temporary Commissions, Committees, and Special Inquiries -

5. For making good certain sums written off from

the assets of the Local Loans Fund

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

801, 576

41, 285

16, 748

14,000

3, 241

5, 700

6. For the Ireland Development Grant (Grant in Aid) ......

185,000

7. For the salary of fthe Vice-Chairman of the

Statutory Committee of the Royal Patriotic Fund Corporation -

8. For repayment to the Civil Contingencies

Fund of certain miscellaneous advances

Total Civil Services, Class VI.

1, 750

15, 873

1, 079, 473

5, 700

1917.

Appropriation Act, 1917. Ch. 52.

165

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 17.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VII.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1918; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No. 1. For Old Age Pqpsions in the United Kingdom, and for certain administrative expenses in connection therewith .... £ 12, 200,000 £

2. For the salaries and expenses of the National Health Insurance Joint Committee, including sundry grants in aid - 269, 746

3. For the salaries and expenses of the Insurance Commission (England), and for sundry contributions and grants in respect of the cost of benefits and expenses of administration under the National Insurance Acts, 1911 to 1915 (including certain grants in aid) - 5, 034, 463

4. For the salaries and expenses of the Insurance Commission (Wales), and for sundry contributions and grants in respect of the cost of benefits and expenses of administration under the National Insurance Acts. 1911 to 1915 (including certain grants in aid) - 341, 002

5. For the salaries and expenses of the Insurance Commission (Scotland), and for sundry contributions and grants in respect of the cost of benefits and expenses of administration under the National Insurance Acts, 1911 to 1915 (including certain grants in aid) - 675, 188

6. For the salaries and expenses of the Insurance Commission (Ireland), and for sundry contributions and grants in respect of the cost of benefits and expenses of administration under the National Insurance Acts, 1911 to 1915 (including certain grants in aid) - 363, 575

r. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Labour and Subordinate Departments, including the contribution to the Unemployment Insurance Fund and repayments to associations pursuant to sections 85 and 106 of the National Insurance Act, 1911 I 1, 232, 426 j 510, 050

N

SCHED. (B.) Part 17.

Civil Services. Class VII.

Ch. 52.

Appropriation Act, 1917.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

186

SO HKD. (B.)

Part 17.

Civil Services. Class VII.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 18. Ministry of Munitions, kc.

No.

8. For the salaries and expenses of the audit staff under the National Insurance Act, 1911

9. For grants towards the cost of the extension of sanatorium benefit to the dependants of insured persons under the National Insurance Act, 1911, and of the treatment of tuberculosis generally

10. For the expenses of the Highlands and Islands (Medical Service) Board, and for a grant in aid of the Highlands and Islands Medical Service

11. For making good the deficiency on the Income Account of the Fund for Friendly Societies -

Total Civil Services, Class VII.

Sums not exceeding

Supply j Appropria-Grants, j tions in Aid.

103, 700 "

478,000 —

43, 898 —

16, 332 —

20, 758, 330 510, 050

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 18.

Ministry of Munitions and Ordnance Factories.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending ou the 31st day of March 1918; viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

For the expenses of the Ministry of Munitions 1,000 100

For the expenses of the Ordnance Factories, the cost of the production of which will be charged to the Army, Navy, Ministry of Munitions, and Indian and Colonial Governments, &c. 100 1,000

Total Ministry of Munitions and Ordnance Factories Services - 1, 100 1, 100

1917. Appropriation Act, 1917. Ch. 52.

SCHEDULE (B). — Part 19.

MINISTRY OF PENSIONS, &c.

Schedule, of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1918; viz.: —

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Pensions, and for sundry contributions in respect of the administration of the Ministry of Pensions

Act, 1916 ......

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Food

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Shipping -

For the salaries and expenses of the Air Board For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of National Service -

For the expenses of the National War Aims Committee -

Total - - £

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants.; tions in Aid.

1,000 i 100

1,000 100 1

1,000 I 100

1,000 I 100

1,000 1 —

1,000 —

G,000 400

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 20.

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS, &c.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations iu aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Revenue Departments, Ac., herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1918; viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

No. Supply Grants. £ Appropriations in Aid. £

1. For the salaries and expenses of the Customs and Excise Department 2, 522, 693 131, 430

2. For the salaries and expenses of the Inland Revenue Department - 2, 726, 050 10,000

3. For the salaries and expenses of the Post Office, including Telegraphs and Telephones 25, 980, 310 541, 235

Total Revenue Departments £ 31, 229, 053 682, ^65

167

SCHED. (B.) Part 19. Ministry of Pensions, &c.

SCHED. (B.) Part 20. Revenue Departments, &c.

168

Ch. 52.

Appropriation, 1917.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Sched. (E.) SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 21.

Past 21. '

Nival and

Military

Operations, &c. Naval and Military Operations, &c. (Vote of Credit).

(Vote of Credit).

For defraying the expenses which may be incurred during the year ending the 31st day of March 1918, for general Navy and Army Services in so far as specific provision is not made therefor by Parliament; for the conduct of Naval and Military Operations; for all measures which may be taken for the security of the country; for assisting the food supply, and promoting the continuance of trade, industry, business, and communications, whether by means of insurance or indemnity against risk; the financing of the purchase and resale of foodstuffs and materials, or otherwise; for relief of distress; and generally for all expenses, beyond those provided for in the ordinary grants of Parliament, arising out of the existence of a state of war - £3.30,000,000

So hkd. (B.) Part 22. Naval and Military Operations, &c. (Supplementary Votes of Credit).

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 22.

Naval and Military Operations, &c. (Supplementary Votes of Credit).

For defraying the expenses which may be incurred during the year ending the 31st day of March 1918, for general Navy and Army Services iu so far as specific provision is not made therefor by Parliament; for the conduct of Naval and Military Operations; for all measures which may be taken for the security of the country; for assisting the food supply, and promoting the continuance of trade, industry, business, and communications, whether by means of insurance or indemnity against risk; the financing of the purchase and resale of foodstuffs and materials, or otherwise; for relief of distress; and generally for all expenses, beyond those provided for in the ordinary grants of Parliament, arising out of the existence of a state of war - £2,100,000,000

1917.

Appropriation Act, 1917. SCHEDULE (C.)

Ch. 52, 53.

169

Number

of

Vote.

NAVY SERVICES, 1915-16. VOTES.

1 Wages, Ac., of officers,

seamen, and boys. Coastguard, and Royal Marines 2 to 15 Other Navy Totes

i Add Surplus Appropriations in Aid not ap-priated by Parliament

Actual Receipts compared with Estimated Appropriations in Aid.

SO HKD, (0.) Navy Services. Section 5.

Surpluses.

Deficits.

£ 8. d.

5, 557, 581 2 5

4, 370, 968 16 9 10 0 0

5, 557, 581 2 5 4, 370, 973 16 9

--------

£1, 186, 607 5 8

Number of ARMY SERVICES, 1915-16. Actual Receipts compared with Estimated Appropriations in Aid.

Vote. VOTES. Surpluses. Deficits.

1 Pay, &c., of the Army £ s. d. £ 8. 8, 878, 807 5 10

3 Special Reserve — 100 0 0

15 Civil superannuation, compensation, and gratuities 94 6 7

2 and Other Army Totes - 7, 352, 386 7 3 —

to 14. 1 7, 352, 386 7 3 | 8, 879, 001 12 5 y)£1, 526, 615 5 2

SCHED. (0.)

Army

Services.

CHAPTER 53.

An Act to amend the Education (Provision of Meals)

(Ireland) Acts, 1914 and 1916.

[20th December 1917.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) A local authority may be authorised to spend out of Extension of the rates such sums as may be necessary to meet the cost of the f^dk^ft0 provision of food under section three of the Education (Provision school of Meals) (Ireland) Act, 1914, and, accordingly, the proviso to 5

that section and section one of the Education (Provision of c. 35. Meals) (Ireland) Act, 1916, are hereby repealed. 6*7 Geo. 5.

c. 10.

170

Ch. 53, 54. Education (Provision of Meals) 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

(Ireland) A, 1917.

Short title, citation, and construction.

Representatives of disabled men to be included among the members of committees.

5 & 6 Geo. 5. c. 83.

(2) Where a local authority in any area spend out of the rates any sums for the provision of food under section three of the Education (Provision of Meals) (Ireland) Act, 1914, an amount not exceeding one-lialf of the sums so expended shall be paid to the local authority out of moneys provided by Parliament, subject to regulations to be made by the Local Government Board for Ireland for the purpose of securing that the arrangements for the provision of food are adequate and are carried out efficiently.

(3) The powers of a local authority under the Education (Provision of Meals) (Ireland) Act, 1914, shall be exercisable in respect of children attending a national school within their area both on days when the school meets and on other days.

2. This Act may be cited as the Education (Provision of Meals) (Ireland) Act, 1917, and this Act and the Education (Provision of Meals) (Ireland) Acts, 1914 and 1916, shall be construed together and may be cited as the Education (Provision of Meals) (Ireland) Acts, 1914 to 1917.

CHAPTER 54.

An Act to provide for the inclusion on committees consti- tuted under the Naval and Military War Pensions, &c. Act, 1915, of disabled men discharged from the Naval and Military Services of His Majesty and of women in receipt of Pensions.

[20th December 1917.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) Every scheme regulating the constitution of a local or district committee under section two of the Naval and Military War Pensions, &c. Act, 1915, shall provide for the inclusion among the members of the local or district committee of at least two disabled men who have been discharged from the naval or military service of His Majesty during the present war and of a woman who is in receipt of a pension as the widow or other dependant of a man in the said naval or military service who has died from causes arising out of his service during the present war.

(2) Where such a scheme, framed before the passing of this Act, does not provide as aforesaid, the council by which the scheme was framed shall, as soon as may be after the passing of this Act and subject to the approval of the Minister of Pensions, frame a supplemental scheme revising the existing scheme so as to give effect to the provisions of this section, and if within such

1917.

171

Naval and Military War Pensions, Cii. 51, 55. dec. (Committeesj Act, 1917.

time, not being less than one month, as the Minister may allow the council does not frame such a supplemental scheme, or such a supplemental scheme as the Minister approves, the Minister may himself frame a supplemental scheme, which shall have the like effect as if it had been framed by the council and approved by the Minister.

(•">) There shall be included among the members of every sub-committee appointed under the said section for any part of the area of a local committee for any county (including the county of London) or county borough, and among the members of every joint committee appointed by two or more local committees, whether in either case appointed before or after the commencement of this Act, at least two such disabled men as aforesaid.

Where any such sub-committee or any joint committee has been appointed before the commencement of this Act the local committee or committees, as the case may be, by which it was appointed shall, as soon as may be after the commencement of this Act, make the necessary appointment for the purpose of giving effect to the foregoing provision, and if the local committee or committees fail to make the appointment within such time, not being less than one month, as the Minister of Pensions may allow, the Minister may himself make the appointment.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Naval and Military War Pensions, &c. (Committees) Act, 1917.

CHAPTER 55.

An Act to confirm and give effect to a deed of settlement relating to the Chequers Estate and other property and for purposes connected therewith.

[20th December 1917.]

WHEREAS by a deed of settlement dated the twenty-fourth’day of November nineteen hundred and seventeen and made between Sir Arthur Hamilton Lee (hereinafter referred to as "Sir Arthur Lee") of the first part, Dame Ruth Moore Lee, the wife of Sir Arthur Lee (hereinafter referred to as " Lady Lee"), of the second part, Allan Ernest Messer and Arthur Edward Nicholls of the third part, and the Public Trustee of the fourth part (which deed is set out in the schedule to this Act), the landed property (hereinafter referred to as "the Chequers Estate "), chattels and money therein described, are settled upon the trusts and for the purposes mentioned in the said deed:

And whereas the trusts created by the said deed cannot take effect without the authority of Parliament, and it is expedient that the said trusts should have full force and validity:

172

Ch. 55.

Chequers Estate, 1917.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Confirmation of deed of settlement.

Powers of Commissioners of Works.

Provisions as to taxes and duties.

[Short title.]

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The said deed of settlement is hereby confirmed, and shall have effect as if enacted in this Act, but nothing in this Act shall prejudice or affect the right, title, or interest, if any, of any person in or to the Chequers Estate other than the right, title, or interest of the parties to the said deed of the first, second, and third parts.

2. The Commissioners of Works shall have power to hold the lands and chattels expressed to be vested in them under the said deed and to act as custodian trustee under that deed.

3. — (1) So long as Sir Arthur Lee and Lady Lee or the survivor of them continue to retain a beneficial interest in possession in the property settled by the said deed, or any part thereof, the property or such part thereof and Sir Arthur Lee and Lady Lee and the survivor of them in respect thereof shall remain liable to income tax, inhabited house duty, and all other taxes. On Sir Arthur Lee and Lady Lee or the survivor of them ceasing to have any beneficial interest in possession in the said property or any part thereof, the property or such part, and the trustees thereof, and any person having a beneficial interest therein, shall be exempt from all such taxes and from death duties:

Provided that this exemption shall cease to apply to any part of the Chequers Estate which may be sold, and in the event of any part thereof being leased to any person other than the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries, nothing in this section shall exempt the lessee, or any person claiming through him, from liability to any duty or tax in respect of his interest therein.

(2) On the death of Sir Arthur Lee, if Lady Lee has predeceased him, or if Lady Lee survives him and within six months after his death surrenders, or otherwise ceases to retain any interest in, the said property (other than the rights specified in paragraphs (a) and (6) of clause four of the said deed), then, for purposes of death duties the property, other than such rights as aforesaid, shall be deemed not to be property passing on the death of Sir Arthur Lee or Lady Lee.

(3) No stamp duty shall be charged on the said recited deed, or on any deed made thereunder or in accordance therewith.

4. This Act may be cited as the Chequers Estate Act, 1917.

1917.

Chequers Estate, 1917. Ch. 55.

173

SCHEDULE.

Sir Arthur Hamilton Lee of Chequers in the county of Buckingham, having expressed his desire and intention to transfer forthwith the ownership of the Chequers Estate together with certain chattels and moneys as a free gift (in trust) to the nation subject to the conditions hereinafter set forth, and in order that the house may be used and maintained in perpetuity as the official country residence of the British Prime Minister, and having more particularly explained the objects of his gift in the following words ! —

" It is not possible to foresee or foretell from what classes or conditions of life the future wielders of power in this country will be drawn. Some may be as in the past men of wealth and famous descent; some may belong to the world of trade and business; others may spring from the ranks of the manual toilers. To none of these in the midst of their strenuous and responsible labours could the spirit and anodyne of Chequers do anything but good. In the city-bred man especially, the periodic contact with the most typical rural life would create and preserve a just sense of proportion between the claims of town and country. To the revolutionary statesman the antiquity and calm tenacity of Chequers and its annals might suggest some saving virtues in the continuity of English history and exercise a check upon too hasty upheavals, whilst even the most reactionary could scarcely be insensible to the spirit of human freedom which permeates the countryside of Hampden Burke and Milton.

44 Apart from these more subtle influences, the better the health of our rulers the more sanely will they rule and the inducement to spend two days a week in the high and pure air of the Chiltern hills and woods will, it is hoped, benefit the nation as well as its chosen leaders. The main features of this scheme are therefore designed not merely to make Chequers available as the official country residence of the Prime Minister of the day, but to tempt him to visit it regularly and to make it possible for him to live there, even though his income should be limited to his salary."

THIS INDENTURE is accordingly made the twenty-fourth day of November One thousand nine hundred and seventeen between Sir Arthur Hamilton Lee of Chequers in the county of Buckingham of the first part Dame Ruth Moore Lee the wife of the said Sir Arthur Hamilton Lee of the second part Allan Ernest Messer and Arthur Edward Nicholls both of No. 14 Old Jewry Chambers in the City of London Solicitors of the third part and The Public Trustee of the fourth part Whereas the said Sir Arthur Hamilton Lee is desirous of transferring forthwith the ownership of the Chequers Estate together with certain chattels as a free gift (in trust) to the nation subject to the conditions hereinafter set forth And whereas the said Sir Arthur Hamilton Lee also desires to create a trust fund for maintaining the Chequers Estate And whereas under and by virtue of two indentures of lease short particulars of which are set forth in the schedule hereto the said Sir Arthur Hamilton Lee and Ruth Moore Lee became and at law remain lessees of the greater part of the hereditaments hereinafter conveyed and settled for the term of twenty-one years from the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand nine hundred and nine and

Ch. 55.

Chequers Estate Act, 1917.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

thereafter for their joint lives and for the life of the survivor of them at certain rents and subject to certain covenants and conditions in the said indentures respectively contained And whereas under and by virtue of an indenture dated the fifth day of April one thousand nine hundred and seventeen and made between Mary Ruth Falcke of the one part and the said Allan Ernest Messer and Arthur Edward Nicholls of the other part the fee simple and inheritance of the said hereditaments and of certain adjoining hereditaments (all hereinafter shortly collectively called " the Chequers Estate ") was duly conveyed unto and to the use of the said Allan Ernest Messer and Arthur Edward Nicholls as joint tenants with the benefit of and subject to the said leases And whereas the fee simple and inheritance of the Chequers Estate was in fact purchased by and conveyed to the said Allan Ernest Messer and Arthur Edward Nicholls as agents for and with the moneys of the said Sir Arthur Hamilton Lee and the same estate is now held by them in trust for him And whereas the said Sir Arthur Hamilton Lee is also the absolute owner of the furniture pictures tapestry books manuscripts china relics works of art silver linen and other effects now in and about the Mansion House of Chequers And whereas the trusts hereinafter declared in relation to the Chequers Estate and the said trust fund would infringe certain rules of law unless these presents were confirmed and made valid by Act of Parliament and it is intended that a Bill shall be introduced into Parliament for the confirmation of these presents accordingly And whereas it is intended that the said Bill shall constitute the Commissioners of Works as defined by the Interpretation Act 1889 or some other body into a statutory corporation and that the legal ownership of the Chequers Estate shall be vested in the said Commissioners of Works or other body as custodian trustee and that such trust fund shall be vested in the Public Trustee but that the administration of the trusts shall be confided to a body of administrative trustees consisting from time to time of the holders of certain offices hereinafter mentioned Now this INDENTURE WITNESSETH as follows *. —

I. — Interpretation.

1. In the construction of these presents the following expressions shall have the following meanings, viz.:—

(a) " The settlor" shall mean the said Sir Arthur Hamilton Lee.

(b) "Lady Lee" shall mean Ruth Moore Lee his present wife.

(c) " The custodian trustee" shall mean the Commissioners of Works

or such corporate body as may be appointed in that behalf by the said intended Act of Parliament.

(rf) " The Act " shall mean the said intended Act of Parliament confirming those presents if and when the same shall receive the Royal assent.

(e) "The administrative trustees" shall mean a body consisting of the persous respectively who shall for the time being occupy the following offices, viz.:—

1. The Prime Minister.

2. The Speaker of the House of Commons.

3. The Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs.

4. The Chancellor of the Exchequer.

5. The President of the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries.

6. The First Commissioner of Works.

7. The Lord Chief Justice of England.

1917.

Chequers Estate, 1917. Ch. 55.

8. The Chairman of the Executive Committee of " The National Trust for Places of Historic Interest."

9. The Director of the National Gallery in London,

and such other person or persons as they may from time to time elect to act with them.

(f) The several persons referred to in the last preceding paragraph shall whilst the present constitution of the United Kingdom remains substantially intact respectively mean the respective officials now popularly known as (1) " Prime Minister " (2) " Speaker of the House of Commons " (3) " Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs" (4) " Chancellor of the Exchequer"

(5) " President of the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries "

(6) " First Commissioner of Works" (7) "Lord Chief Justice of England" (8) "Chairman of the Executive Committee of the National Trust for Places of Historic Interest " and (9) " Director of the National Gallery in London " notwithstanding that their titles and functions may from time to time be changed but if any change in the constitution of the United Kingdom shall be made either by the extension of local self-government to England Scotland Ireland and Wales respectively or any one or more of them or by a closer federation of the various component parts of what is popularly known as " the British Empire" then and in such case the political officials above referred to shall be tho^e officials holding such offices respectively in the ministry responsible to that Parliament which shall be supreme over all subordinate legislatures Provided that if the seat of the said supreme Government of the Empire should be elsewhere than in the United Kingdom theu the benefits of the trusts shall be transferred to the officials of whatever Government is holding the next highest authority and which has its administrative centre in England.

(g) " Chequers and grounds " shall mean such part of the hereditaments hereinafter described and conveyed as is delineated and coloured red on the plan hereto annexed.

(//) "Chequers Farms" shall mean such part of the hereditaments hereinafter described and conveyed as is delineated and coloured blue on the said plan hereto annexed.

(i) " The Chequers Trust Fund " shall mean a sum of not less than fifty-five thousand pounds (which may be added to from time to time) to be paid by the settlor as hereinafter provided and the investments for the time being representing the same.

II. — Conveyance of Real Estate.

2. The said Allan Ernest Messer and Arthur Edward Nicholls as trustees and by the direction of the settlor hereby convey and the settlor and Lady Lee for the purpose of extinguishing their said leasehold interests hereby surrender and assign unto the settlor and his heirs All that mansion house known as " Chequers " situate in the parish of Elles-borough in the county of Buckingham with the gardens pleasure grounds woods stables coachhouses lodges and cottages usually occupied in connection therewith And also all those freehold hereditaments farms farmhouses and lands situate in the pariehes of Ellesborough and Great and Little Kimble in the county of Buckingham all which said hereditaments (excluding the area known as Coombe Hill which has already been conveyed to the said national trust for places of historic interest) contain

176

Ch. 55.

Chequers Estate, 1917.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

in the whole one thousand two hundred and thirty-two acres or thereabouts and are more particularly delineated on the plan hereto annexed and are thereon coloured red and blue Together also with ail tithes and tithe rentcharges in lieu of tithes issuing or arising out of the said hereditaments or any part or parts thereof which are now vested in the said Allan Ernest Messer and Arthur Edward Nicholls in trust for the settlor And also all the manors or lordships or reputed manors or lordships of Ellesborough Chequers and Mordaimts and of Great Kimble and Little Kimble in the county of Buckingham And also all that the alvowson of the parish church of Ellesborough in the same county To hold the same respectively unto the settlor and his heirs To the use of the settlor during his life without impeachment of waste and if Lady Lee shall survive the settlor then to the use of Lady Lee during her life without impeachment of waste and upon the determination or failure of the foregoing uses To the use of the custodian trustee its successors and assigns in fee simple upon the trusts hereinafter declared in relation thereto.

III. — Assignment of Chattels.

3. In further pursuance of the premises the settlor as settlor hereby declares that he will henceforth hold and stand possessed of all such furniture pictures tapestry books manuscripts china relics works of art silver linen and other effects now in and about the said mansion house of Chequers and its curtilage as are more particularly specified in an inventory which is to remain in the settlor's possession so long as be retains the right of residence at Chequers (but subject nevertheless to the right hereinafter reserved to add to weed out or improve by purchase sale or exchange the collections therein described) Upon trust for the personal use and enjoyment of himself the settlor during his life and if Lady Lee shall survive the settlor then in trust to permit and suffer Lady Lee to have the personal use and enjoyment thereof during her life and upon the determination or failure of the foregoing trusts Upon trust to deliver the said furniture pictures tapestry books manuscript china relics works of art silver linen ami other effects to the custodian trustee upon the trusts hereinafter declared in relation thereto.

IV. — Trusts.

4. The custodian trustee shall hold the said hereditaments conveyed by clause 2 of these presents after the cesser of the prior trusts in favour of the settlor and Lady Lee or after the prior determination thereof in their lifetime or in the lifetime of the survivor of them Upon trust to let the administrative trustees (hereinafter appointed) into possession of the said Chequers Estate and receipt of the rents and profits thereof except as herein provided and into possession of the said manors and advowson and into possession of the said furniture pictures tapestry books manuscripts china relics works of art silver linen and other effects and to permit and suffer them without any inquiry interference or question whatsoever to manage the same as if they were absolute owners thereof Provided nevertheless as follows:—

(a) That if the settlor and Lady Lee or the survivor of them shall at any time surrender their his or her life interest in the said premises so as to accelerate the preceding trust then at the request of the parties or party surrendering the same the custodian trustee shall permit them him or her to retain during their his or her lives or life without impeachment of waste any part of the Chequers Estate not exceeding an area of five

1917.

Chequers Estate, 1917. Ch. 55.

177

acres and not being at any point nearer to the mansion house of Chequers than one-third of a mile as a site for a small house as a residence for them him or her (such residence after the death of the survivor of them to be available for the secretary and curator hereinafter mentioned);

(A) That the settlor and Lady Lee shall have the right of burial on the hill called " Beacon Hill "; and

(c) That in the event of and notwithstanding such surrender of such life interest or interests the settlor (if then living) is to have control and management and to receive for his own benefit the profits of the Chequers farms and of the woodlands during his life or for such shorter period as he may determine and to appoint (in consultation with the administrative trustees and with the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries) the first manager after his death or prior surrender of the interests reserved to him under this sub-clause.

V. — Covenants by Sir Arthur Hamilton Lee to provide a Sum of Fifty-five thousand Pounds War Stock for Upkeep of the Estate and for delivery of Farming Stock.

5. The settlor hereby covenants with the Public Trustee as follows: —

. («) That he or his legal personal representatives will as soon as possible but not later than three calendar months after His Majesty's assent shall have been given to the Act create the Chequers Trust Fund by paying to the Public Trustee or transferring to him fifty-five thousand pounds five per cent. War Loan Stock of or guaranteed by the United Kingdom with liberty to the Public Trustee (by the direction of the settlor or the administrative trustees) to vary and transpose the same from time to time for other investments of a kind authorised by law for the investment of trust funds Provided that during the continuance of the present war no reinvestment shall be made except in war loans of or guaranteed by the United Kingdom:

(A) That on the death of the settlor or at such earlier date as he may appoint the whole of the live and dead farming stock on the Chequers farms belonging to him shall be handed over to the custodian trustee in order that the said farms may be carried on as fully stocked under the trusts hereinafter declared.

VI. — Trusts of the Sum of £55,000.

6. The Public Trustee shall pay the income of the Chequers Trust Fund to the settlor during his life so long as he does not surrender his life interest in the Chequers estate for his own absolute use and benefit and after the death of the settlor such income shall be paid to Lady Lee if she shall survive him during her life or so long as she does not surrender her life interest in the Chequers Estate for her absolute use and benefit and after the death of the survivor of the settlor and Lady Lee or such earlier date as they he or she may appoint the said income shall be paid to the account of tho Administrative Trustees at such bank as they shall from time to time direct and the receipt of any cashier of such bank shall be a sufficient discharge to the Public Trustee therefor.

178

Ch. 55.

Chequers Estate Act, 1917.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

VII. — The Trusts to be administered by the Administrative

Trustees.

7. During the joint lives of the settlor and Lady Lee and the life of the survivor of them the Administrative Trustees shall have no administrative functions unless the settlor ami Lady Lee or the survivor of them previously surrender their rights in the Chequers Estate and in the Chequers Trust Fund in which case the following duties shall be accelerated.

8. After the death of the survivor of the settlor and Lady Lee or such earlier date at which they or the survivor of them may have surrendered their his or her rights in the Chequers Estate and the Chequers Trust Fund the Administrative Trustees shall administer the said hereditaments hereby conveyed and the said furniture pictures tapestry books manuscripts china relics works of art silver linen and other effects hereby assigned and also the income of the Chequers Trust Fund according to the following trusts viz.:—

(a) As to I he Mansion House and grounds and the said furniture

pictures tapestry books manuscripts china relics works of art silver linen and other effects hereby assigned upon trust to keep the same in good repair and condition with a staff*of not less than four resident indoor servants and with the necessary number of gardeners and labourers and properly warmed and lighted and generally in a fit state as a furnished residence fit for occupation and upon further trust to permit and suffer the Prime Minister for the time being to occupy use and enjoy the same as a furnished country residence for such periods continuous or discontinuous as he may in his absolute discretion ' think fit.

(b) But if any Prime Minister shall decline to avail himself of the

rights hereby conferred upon him then so long as he shall so decline similar rights shall be offered by the Administrative Trustees to the following persons and in the following order viz.:—

The Chancellor of the Exchequer for the time being The Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs for the time being

The Secretary of State for the Colonies for the time being

The United States Ambassador at the Court of Saint James’s for the time being

The President of the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries for the time being

The First Lord of the Admiralty for the time being The Secretary of State for War for the time being The Speaker of the House of Commons for the time being The Lord Chief Justice of England for the time being or to the respective persons for the time being holding similar positions to the above:

Provided that it shall be lawful for the Prime Minister at. any time (notwithstanding that he may have declined to avail himself of the rights hereby conferred upon him) to occupy use and enjoy the said mansion house and premises on his giving to the Administrative Trustees three calendar months’ notice in writing of his intentions so to do.

(c) As to the Chequers Farms the Administrative Trustees shall permit and suffer the same or such of them as may be mutually agreed upon to be occupied and carried ou as model farms by

1917.

Chequers Estate Act, 1917. Ch. 55.

179

the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries or such other Board or Minister of State as shall for the time being have the general conduct of the agricultural interests of the State along with all such stock live and dead belonging to the settlor as may be upon such farms at the death of the settlor (but reserving the right to cut and sell timber and timber trees) reut free but upon the terms that if any net profit be made in any year by the said Board or Minister by the working of the said farms collectively or of such of them as such Board or Minister may accept then that such net profit shall be handed over to the Administrative Trustees to be applied by them as income of the Chequers Trust Fund.

(d) But if the said Board of Agriculture and Fisheries or Minister

shall at any time refuse to carry on the said farms or shall accept some only of them or shall after the acceptance of all or any of them desire at any time to surrender them or any of them then and in any and every such case the Administrative Trustees may either arrange to farm the land themselves or shall lease or let the said farms to any person or persons or body or bodies corporate at a fair agricultural reut for such terms of years and upon such conditions and generally in such manner as the Administrative Trustees shall in their absolute discretion consider proper and desirable (but reserving the right to cut and sell timber and timber trees) and if required the custodian trustee shall join in any such lease for the purpose of passing the legal estate to the teuant or lessee for the term granted.

(e) As to the income of the Chequers Trust Fund the Administrative

Trustees shall apply the same from time to time to the following purposes or any of them viz.: —

(i) In payment of the annual fees of the Publie Trustee and of rates and other necessary outgoings and expenses;

(ii) In payment of the wages and board wages of not less than four resident indoor servants at Chequers;

(iii) In the upkeep of the gardens and pleasure grouuds including the wages of gardeners and labourers the annual sum thus expended not to exceed five hundred pounds;

(iv) In the repair and maintenance of the buildings of or occupied in connection with Chequers and grounds;

(v) In the maintenance and renovation of the furniture and fixtures at Chequers and the purchase where deemed necessary of new or additional furniture for which purpose not less than one hundred pounds shall be set aside in each year and accumulated until wanted;

(vi) In payment of any expenses of the Administrative Trustees necessarily incurred by them;

(vii) In payment to the Prime Minister or other official occupant for the time being of the mansion house and grounds of a sum of fifteen pounds for every week end actually spent by him at Chequers to cover any expenses thereby incurred by him for which purpose a " week end " shall be deemed to be any continuous period of not less than thirty-six hours during any seven consecutive days:

Provided that if the income shall at auy time be more than sufficient to meet the above-mentioned curreut payments and to make reasonable provision for the expenditure occurring only at longer intervals than a year such surplus shall be used in increasing the said payment above marked (vii).

180

Ch. 55. Chequers Estate, 1917. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

VIII. — Proceedings of Administrative Trustees.

9. Each administrative trustee shall hold office so long only asi he holds the official position by virtue of which he shall be one of the administrative trustees.

10. After the determination of the uses and trusts hereinbefore declared in favour of the settlor and Lady Lee respectively or any part thereof it shall be incumbent on the administrative trustees to hold at least one meeting in every twelve calendar months and at least oue such meeting in every three years shall be held at Chequers.

11. All meetings of the administrative trustees shall be convened either in the name of the Prime Minister for the time being or failing him in the names of two other administrative trustees and the notice of each meeting shall be sent to each of the administrative trustees by post The failure of any such notice to reach its destination shall not invalidate or affect the acts or decisions of the majority of the administrative trustees present and voting at any such meeting.

12. The Prime Minister shall act as chairman of the meetings of the administrative trustees but if he is not present at any meeting the administrative trustees present shall nominate a chairman ad hoc.

13. The administrative trustees shall not be bound to act unanimously but provided that a quorum of at least four of them be present at a meeting they shall act according to the votes of the majority of those present and voting If a quorum be not present at a duly convened meeting within thirty minutes after the time named in the notice convening the same such meeting shall stand adjourned for one week to the same hour and notice of such adjournment shall be given to each of the administrative trustees.

14. The administrative trustees may from time to time employ any agent and in particular may from time to time appoint and dismiss a secretary and curator whose duty it shall be to keep records of all meetings issue notices by the direction of the chairman or acting chairman and generally to superintend/ the details of administration to make payments out of the Chequers Trust Fund and generally to act as the agent of the administrative trustees.

IX. — General Provisions.

15. It being one of the main objects of the settlor that the present external and internal features of Chequers shall be preserved intact as far as possible it is hereby expressly declared that: —

(a) The name of " Chequers " shall never be changed;

(ft)The architectural features of the mansion house the surrounding gardens garden houses walls and stone pavements shall be preserved intact and in particular none of the brick or stonework chimneys tiled roofs and windows are to be plastered over or otherwise covered or altered;

(c) No new buildings of any kind (including conservatories and

greenhouses) are to be erected within two hundred yards of any part of the mansion house;

(d) No alteration is to be made in the interior panelling or other

woodwork (which is to be kept unpainted) chimney pieces ornamental plaster ceilings and friezes oak floors wiudow glass (whether heraldic or plain) particularly in the following rooms viz.:the great hall (including upper passage) the stone hall the dining room the study (or Constable room) the white

1917. Chequers Estate Act, 1917. Ch. 55. 181

and little parlours the great parlour the Hawtrey room anteroom and prison room the long gallery the Cromwell passage the north and south garden halls the main staircase and the damask and state bedrooms;

(e) The furniture (except bedroom and office furniture) is so far as possible to be retained in the rooms in which such furniture was used at the time of transfer to the administrative trustees;

(f) All pictures tapestry books manuscripts china relic and works of art as specified in the catalogue mentioned in clause it after they have been handed over to the administrative trustees are never to be removed from the mansion house except for the purpose of effecting necessary repairs or restorations Provided that nothing herein contained shall be deemed to fetter the right of the settlor and Lady Lee or the survivor of them while they he or she shall remain in occupation of the Chequers Estate to make such additions to or alterations in the mansion house (exterior and interior) and the contents thereof as they he or she may think fit.

16. -If and as the settlor and Lady Lee or the survivor of them desire to improve the collections of furniture pictures tapestry books china works of art silver linen and other effects hereby settled during their lives and the life of the survivor of them or during such shorter period as they or the survivor of them shall remain in occupation of the Chequers Estate it shall be lawful for them or the survivor of them during such periods to add to weed out and improve by purchase sale or exchange any of the said collections of furniture pictures tapestry books china works of art silver linen and other effects which they or the survivor of them in their his or her absolute discretion may think capable of improvement or unworthy of being retained as the case may be.

17. The woods and shrubberies and trees whether on the grounds forming part of Chequers and grounds or on any of the Chequers farms are not to be cleared or cut down but merely thinned cropped and replanted from time to time in accordance with the most approved methods of forestry under the direction of such competent person as shall from time to time be appointed for that purpose by the administrative trustees and all net profit derived from the sale of timber and timber trees is after the death of the settlor to be treated as income of the Chequers Trust Fund.

18. The administrative trustees shall have full power after the death of the settlor and with the consent of the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries (if tenants) to sell all or any of the Chequers farms (except such as are hatched black on the said plan and which form an integral part of the park lands round the mansion house) if they think it expedient so to do and the purchase moneys shall be added to the capital of the Chequers Trust Fund but they shall have no power to sell Chequers and grounds or the excepted farms or the woods or any part thereof.

19. If after the deaths of the settlor and Lady Lee the administrative trustees consider it desirable to add to or modify any of the detailed provisions or powers of these presents consistently with preserving intact the main provisions of the trust in favour of successive Prime Ministers and other high officials hereinbefore contained and of clauses 15 17 and 18 above it shall be lawful for them to do so by any deed or deeds with the sanction of a judge of the Chancery Division of the High Court of Justice.

0

Ch. 55.

Chequers Estate Act, 1917.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

20. If for any reason whatsoever the trusts of these presents should completely fail or if Chequers should be left unoccupied by any of the official persons for whose benefit the said trusts are intended for a continuous period of upwards of twenty consecutive years then and in such case if the settlor and Lady Lee or either of them shall then be living the whole of the real and personal estate comprised in and settled by these presents shall be conveyed and transferred free of expense to the settlor and Lady Lee or the survivor of them for their his or her absolute benefit but if both the settlor and Lady Lee shall then be dead then the whole of the said real and personal estate (except the pictures relics and works of art and the Chequers Trust Fund) shall be sold and the net proceeds of such sale shall be added to the capital of the Chequers trust fund which trust fund shall thenceforth be held by the Public Trustee Upon trust to pay the income thereof to the Trustees of the National Gallery in London to be applied by them for or towards the purchase of additional pictures for the nation and in that event the whole of the pictures relics and works of art hereby settled shall be handed over to the Trustees of the said National Gallery for exhibition in any of the National Collections.

21. These presents are conditional on the Act being passed and receiving His Majesty's assent within three months of the date hereof and if the Act shall not have been passed and received such. assent within such period or within such further period as the settlor shall in writing agree to these presents and everything herein contained shall be void and of none effect.

In witness &c.

The SCHEDULE above referred to.

Date of Lease. Parties.

(1) 8th November 1909 - Ponsonby Bagot and Villiers Spencer Bagot

of first part.

Henry Jacob Delaval Astley of second part. Sir Arthur Hamilton Lee and Lady Lee of third part.

(2) 6th April 1911 - - Henry Jacob Delaval Astley of first part.

The Honourable Ralph Pelham Nevill and the Honourable Charles Gathorne Ga-thorne Hardy the second part.

Sir Arthur Hamilton Lee and Lady Lee of third part.

Signed sealed and delivered by the above-named Sir Arthur Hamilton Lee in the presence of

(Signed) ARTHUR

HAMILTON LEE.

Faith Moore, Spinster,

17, Berkeley Square,

London, W.

Edward Henrt Carson, M.P., P.C 5, Eaton <Place,

London, S.W,

1917.

Chequers Estate Act, 1917. Ch. 55, 56.

Signed sealed and delivered by the above-named Dame Ruth Moore Lee in the presence of

I

(Signed) RUTH MOORE LEE.

Faith Moore, Spinster,

17, Berkeley Square,

London, W. Edward Henrt Carson, M.P., P.C., 5, Eaton Place,

London, S.W.

Signed sealed and delivered by the above-named / Allan Ernest Messer and > Arthur Edward Nicholls \ in the presence of J

(Signed) ALLAN E.

MESSER.

(Signed) ARTHUR E.

NICHOLLS.

W. A. Frith, Solicitor,

Irene Saunders, Spinster,

Clerks with Messrs. Lawrance, Webster & Nicholls, Solicitors,

14, Old Jewry Chambers, E.C.

Sealed with the Official Seal 1 of the Public Trustee in V (Signed) C. J. STEWART, the presence of — J Public Trustee.

J. Stocker, Civil Servant,

Public Trustee Department,

Kingsway, W.C.

CHAPTER 56.

An Act to confirm and give effect to a certain Agreement relating to the Compensation to be paid in respect of the Control of Coal Mines and other Matters arising out of such Control.

[6th February 1918 J

WHEREAS provision is made by Regulation 9g of the’’ Defence of the Realm Regulations for the control of coal mines to which that regulation is applied by order of the Board of Trade:

And whereas by virtue of orders of the Board of Trade dated respectively the twenty-ninth day of November nineteen hundred and sixteen and the twenty-second day of February

0 2

184

Ch. 56.

Confirmation of agreement.

Coal Mines Control Agreement

(Confirmation) Act, 1918.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

nineteen hundred and seventeen, the said regulation has been applied to all coal mines in the United Kingdom:

And whereas the Board of Trade have appointed a Controller of Coal Mines to control mines of which possession has been taken under the said regulation:

And whereas questions have arisen as to the compensation to be paid to the owners of the several mines so controlled in respect of control and with respect to other matters arising out of such control:

And whereas for the purpose of settling such questions an agreement dated the twentieth day of July nineteen hundred and seventeen, which agreement is set out in the Schedule to this Act, has been made, and it is expedient that the said agreement should be confirmed by Parliament and made binding on all persons whom the said agreement affects or purports to affect:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) The above-recited agreement of the twentieth day of July nineteen hundred and seventeen, together with all rights and powers conferred and all duties and obligations imposed thereby on the Controller of Coal Mines, the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, the Board of Referees, or any other persons, is hereby confirmed, and the said agreement shall have effect as if enacted in this Act, and shall be binding on the owners (including trustees) of any coal mine to which the said Regulation. 9g is for the time being applied, and upon all persons whom the agreement affects.

(2) If after the date of the passing of this Act any person without reasonable cause fails as and when so required to give a return or to furnish any information or to produce or give facilities for the inspection of any books, plans, or documents which, under the said agreement, he may be liable to give, furnish, or produce, or knowingly gives any information which is false in any material particular, or knowingly discloses or makes use of, for any purpose other than for such purpose as is authorised by the said agreement, any information acquired by him under the said agreement, he shall, on summary conviction, be liable to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, and in the case of a continuing offence to a further fine of ten pounds for each day during which the offence continues.

Where any such offence as aforesaid is committed by a company every director and manager of the company who knowingly authorises or permits the default, shall be liable to the same penalties as the company.

(3) Nothing in this Act or in the agreement confirmed thereby shall, except as otherwise expressly provided by the

1918. Goal Mines Control Agreement Ch. 56. 185

(Confirmation) Act, 1918.

agreement, affect the general powers of the Board of Trade or the Controller of Coal Mines under the said regulation.

(4) References in the said agreement to the Controller of Coal Mines shall be deemed to include any person for the time being appointed to hold that office, and in the event of the office of Controller of Coal Mines being vacant or ceasing to exist shall be deemed to include the Board of Trade:

(5) Provided that nothing in this Act shall extend to apply the terms of the said agreement to the owners of any coal mine in respect of coke ovens or by-product plant belonging to them.

2. If the Controller of Coal Mines determines the said Provisions

agreement, the agreement shall have effect in respect of any part thee^ntoT of an accounting period which may have elapsed at the time of agreements the determination thereof. being deter-

mined.

3. — (1) Sums collected by the Commissioners of Inland Accounts and Revenue under the said agreement shall be paid into such audlt* account as the Controller may direct.

(2) Payments into and out of the said account shall be made, and all other matters relating to the administration of that account and to the money standing to the credit of the account (including the investment of any such money) shall be regulated in such manner as the Treasury may direct.

(3) At the end of every financial year accounts of the payments into and the expenditure defrayed out of the said account shall be made up in such form and with such particulars as may be directed by the Treasury, and shall be audited by the Comptroller and Auditor-General as public accounts in accordance with such regulations as the Treasury may make, and shall be laid before Parliament with a report thereon.

4. Any person who may obtain any information which by Provision u virtue of clause twenty of the said agreement is to be treated as 10 8ccrec*v' confidential shall be required to make a declaration of secrecy

in such form as may be prescribed by the Board of Trade, and any person who has made such a declaration shall for the purposes of section thirty-eight of the Income Tax Act, 1842, 5&6Vi<*. and the declarations made thereunder, be treated in relation to c*35, the disclosure of information under clause nineteen of the said agreement as if he was a person sworn to the due execution of the said Act.

5. The said agreement shall, if not previously determined, Duration of cease to have effect at the expiration of six months after the affreement termination of the present war.

6. The Controller of Coal Mines or, as the case may be, the I’owers of Board of Trade may sue or be sued for breach of the above recited agreement.

186

Ch. 56.

Saving for persons who hare lent money to the owners of coal mines.

Definition.

[Short title.]

Coal Mines Control Agreement 8 G eu. 5.

(Confirmation) Act, 1918.

7. Nothing in this Act shall deprive any person upon whom the agreement contained in the schedule is not made obligatory of any right to require the repayment of money owing to him by a person upon whom the agreement is made obligatory by this Act.

8. Regulation 9a of the Defence of the Realm Regulations means that Regulation as in force at the date of the passing of this Act.

9. This Act may be cited as the Coal Mines Control Agreement (Confirmation) Act, 1918.

SCHEDULE.

COAL MINES CONTROL AGREEMENT.

1. For the purposes of this Agreement —

"The Act" means the provisions of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1915, relating to Excess Profits Duty, as amended or explained by any subsequent enactment, and any reference to any particular provision of the Act means that provision as so amended or explained;

" Controller" means the person appointed by the Board of Trade to control coal mines of which possession has been taken under Regulation 9g of the Defence of the Realm Regulations;

" Undertaking" means the whole of the undertaking of the owner of a coal mine which is for the time being under control of the Controller, except such parts of the undertaking as are controlled establishments within the meaning of the Munitions of War Acts, 1915 and 1916, or are under the control of the Controller of Shipping, and such other parts (if any) as the Controller may exclude from the operation of this Agreement;

"Mine" means one or more pits or workings with a common system of ventilation or any part of a system of ventilation in common;

" Profits standard" means the profits standard determined in accordance with the Act, and the percentage standard shall in no case be taken to be the standard for the purposes of this Agreement;

" Output" means the tonnage of saleable coal raised and weighed at the pit head;

" Standard output" means the annual average output of coal during the standard period; but if the accounting period is less than a year the amount of the standard output shall be proportionately reduced;

" Standard period" means the years which have been chosen or may be chosen for the determination of the profits standard under the Act;

" Accounting period " in relation to any undertaking means an accounting period under the Act.

2. Subject to the right of the Controller at any time to take over in whole or in part the management either of all undertakings generally or

1918.

Coal Mines Control Agreement

(Confirmation) Act, 1918. Ch. 56.

of the undertakings in any particular district or of individual undertakings, the several undertakings shall continue under their existing management, and nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as affecting the right of the Controller to discontinue the control of any undertaking, or any part thereof; except that he shall not discontinue the control of a mine which or any part of which has been closed by his direction.

3. The owner of an undertaking shall be entitled to retain the profits thereof, except that if in any accoimting period the profits exceed the profits standard by more than the amount mentioned in section thirty-eight (1) of the Act, the owner shall be entitled to retain only so much of those profits as is equal to the amount of the profits standard plus the amount so mentioned, with the addition thereto of an amount equal to one-fourth part of such excess remaining after the deduction therefrom of a percentage equal to the rate of excess profits duty for the time being in force, and the balance of the profits, less the amount paid or payable for excess profits duty in respect of the accounting period in question, without deduction therefrom of any set off in respect of any other period, shall be paid by the owner to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue as hereinafter provided, and the sums so payable by the owner are in this Agreement referred to as " coal mines excess payments ":

Provided that —

(a) if the owner of the undertaking proves that the special standard

hereinafter mentioned has been ascertained, and that the payment of the coal mines excess payment or any part thereof would reduce or has reduced the profits retained by him below the special standard, the payment of the coal mines excess payment or such part thereof, where the proof is before the date when the coal minefe excess payment becomes payable, shall be remitted, and, where the proof is after that date, if paid, shall be refunded; and

(b) subject as aforesaid, in no case shall the total amount of profits

retained under this clause exceed six-fifths of the profits standard plus the amount mentioned in section thirty-eight (1) of the Act; and (c) where an undertaking forms part only of a trade or business assessed or assessable to excess profits duty the foregoing provisions of this clause shall apply, subject to the following modifications: —

(i) the profits standard for the undertaking shall be a standard determined in accordance with the Act based on so much of the profits or losses taken into account in determining the profits standard of the trade or business as may be properly attributable to the undertaking;

(ii) the profits of the undertaking for the accounting period shall be so much of the profits or losses of the trade or business for the accounting period as may be properly attributable to the undertaking;

(iii) for the reference to the amount payable for excess profits duty there shall be substituted a reference to the amount which would have been payable for excess profits duty if the undertaking had been separately assessable to that duty with the profits standard referred to in (i);

(iv) The apportionments under sub-paragraph (c) of this proviso shall be made by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, subject to the like appeal as in the case of questions arising under the Act.

188

Ch. 56.

Goal Mines Control Agreement 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

(Confirmation) Act, 1918.

4. Where as respects any accounting period the profits of any undertaking retained by the owner are less than the guaranteed standard as hereinafter defined, or if there is a loss or the loss is greater than the guaranteed standard, when that standard is a negative quantity, such sum as may be required to make up the guaranteed standard, shall, subject to the provisions of clause 13, bo paid to the owner by the Controller.

5. For the purposes of sub-paragraph (a) of the proviso to clause 3, and of clause 4, profits retained, and for the purposes of clause 4, loss, shall be profits or loss after taking into account any refund of excess profits duty on account of the deficiencies in the accounting period attributable to the undertaking and any refund of coal mines excess payment.

6. If the stock of coal at the end of the period of control of any undertaking is in excess of that at its commencement, the profit or loss on such excess when sold, as compared with the valuation in the balance sheet at the end of the period of control, shall for the purpose of determining the amount to be paid to make up the guaranteed standard in respect of the last accounting period be brought to account as though the realisation had taken place in that period.

7. The expression "The Guaranteed Standard" means —

(a) when the output of the undertaking in any accounting period is not less than the standard output, the profits standard; or (5) where the output of the undertaking in any accounting period is less than the standard output, but amounts to at least 65 per cent, thereof, the profits standard reduced by a percentage thereof equal to three-fourths of the percentage of the reduction of output; or (c) where the output of the undertaking in any accounting period is less than 65 per cent, of the standard output, the profits standard subject to such reduction as may be fixed under clause 10.

8. — (1) If at any time, in the case of any undertaking, it appears to the Controller, either on his own motion or on the motion of the owner, that there is no profits standard or that the profits standard as ascertained under the Act cannot fairly be applied, the Controller shall fix, for the purpose of ascertaining the guaranteed standard, or the special standard, as a substitute for the profits standard, a sum equal to the average annual profits which might have been actually earned during the standard period —

(o') had the undertaking been worked during the standard period under similar conditions in all respects excluding conditions due to the war to those under which the undertaking is worked in the accounting period; and

(i b) in the case of an undertaking which or part of which in the standard period was in course of development had the undertaking or such part thereof been as fully developed in that period as in the accounting period;

and, if it appears that the undertaking would have been run at a loss, the sum so fixed may be a negative quantity.

(2) In any case of hardship where a fair substitute for the profits standard cannot be fixed in accordance with the provisions of the foregoing sub-clause, the owner may apply to the Controller to fix a substitute without regard to those provisions, and if the Controller grants the

1918.

Coal Mines Control Agreement

(Confirmation) Act} 1918. Ch. 56.

189

application he shall fix such substitute for the profits standard as he thinks fair in the circumstances, and the amount so fixed shall be subject to appeal as provided by clailse 11 hereof, but if the Controller refuses the application his decision shall be final.

9. The expression "The Special Standard" means the sum fixed as a substitute for the profits standard under clauses 8 or 11 hereof, with the addition thereto of the amount mentioned in section thirty-eight (i) of the Act, and of an amount equal to one fourth part of the excess of the profits of the undertaking over such substitute (plus such addition) remaining after deducting from such excess a percentage equal to the rate of excess profits duty for the time being in force.

10. If the output of the undertaking in any accounting period is less than sixty-five per cent, of the standard output, the guaranteed standard shall be the profits standard, subject to such reduction as the Controller may fix, and may be a sum varying according to the output:provided that —

(a) so far as the decrease in output is due to action by the Controller

not common to the whole of the coal industry under his control, the guaranteed standard shall be calculated at a rate per ton of output, regard being had only to the tonnage which would have been raised and the comparative cost of raising it had there been no such action by the Controller, and shall be greater than that which would be fixed if the rule for ascertaining the guaranteed standard in the case of an undertaking where the reduction of output was thirty-five per cent, or less applied, so however that the guaranteed standard shall in uo such case exceed the amount which would have been the guaranteed standard if the reduction of output had been thirty-five per cent.; and

(b) so far as the decrease in output is due to any other cause, the

guaranteed standard shall be less than would have been fixed if the said rule applied, and shall be calculated at a rate per ton of output, regard being had only to the tonnage raised and what it would have cost to raise such tonnage in the standard period;

(c) in either case, if a mine is closed, the guaranteed standard shall not include any sum in respect of the cost of maintaining the mine in a state of repair or of reopening it or any rent, royalties, wayleaves, management or other similar charges, in respect thereof.

11. If the owner of any undertaking feels aggrieved at the refusal of the Controller to fix a substitute for the profits standard under sub-clause (1) of clause 8, or at the amount fixed by him under either sub-clauses (1) or (2) of clause 8, or under clause 10, he may appeal to the Board of Referees appointed under the Act, who shall determine their procedure in hearing and disposing of auy such appeal, and that Board may either confirm or revoke the decision of the Controller, or, where an amount has been fixed by the Controller, may vary, whether by way of increase or decrease, the amount so fixed, so, however that in making such variation the Board shall be subject to the limitations imposed by this agreement on the Controller in fixing the amount, and the decision of the Board shall be final.

12. Where an undertaking is subject to control during part only of an accounting period the profits standard or the special standard, as the case may require, and the guaranteed standard and any other sums brought

190

Ch. 56.

Coal Mines Control Agreement Geo. 5.

(Confirmation) Act, 1918.

into account in calculating the sums retainable under clause 3 or pajable under clause shall, for the purposes of applying this agreement to such part of such accounting period, be proportionately reduced, and the profits for that period shall be apportioned between the parts of the period before and after the date of the commencement of the control in proportion to the number of months or fractions of months in those parts respectively.

13. Any profit retained by the owner under clause 3 of this Agreement in any accounting period in excess of the guaranteed standard, except in so far as such profits may be made up by a refund of excess profits duty on account of deficiencies in that period, shall be set off against any amount to be paid to the owner under clause of this Agreement to make up the guaranteed standard in respect of any subsequent accounting period, and any sum paid under clause to the owner to make up the guaranteed standard in respect of any accounting period shall be made good out of any excess over the guaranteed standard which the owner is entitled under clause 3 to retain in respect of any subsequent accounting period.

14. If the owner of a mine intends to close or abandon the mine or any part thereof he shall give to the Controller not less than sixty days notice of his intention, and if before the expiration of the notice the Controller directs that the mine or such part thereof shall not be closed or abandoned, the mine shall continue to be carried on in accordance with the direction of the Controller, and thereupon the guaranteed standard applicable to the particular undertaking shall forthwith by agreement between the Controller and the owner, or failing such agreement, then by the Board of Referees appointed under the Act be revised and fixed at such an amount (positive or negative) as will under the operation of clause 4, indemnify the owner against any loss caused to him by continuing to carry on the mine or such part thereof which he would not have suffered if he had been permitted to close or abandon the mine or such part thereof.

If no such directions are given by the Controller, the mine or such part thereof as aforesaid, shall, unless otherwise agrqed between the Controller and the owner, be closed at the expiration of the notice, or abandoned at the earliest date at which the owner shall have power to abandon it under the conditions of his tenure, and in such case if the mine or part thereof closed or abandoned does not constitute the whole undertaking, then such revision shall be made in the amount of the guaranteed standard of the remaiuder of the undertaking as may be agreed between the Controller and the owner, or settled, in default of such agreement, by the said Board of Referees.

15. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, and so far as not repugnant thereto, profits shall be the amount of the profits as determined or determinable under the Act and excess of profits over the profits standard for the purposes of this Agreement shall be computed and coal mines excess payments shall be assessed and collected by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue in like manner as the excess of profits over the profits standard for the purposes of excess profits duty is computed and payments of that duty ure assessed and collected, and the provisions of the Act (including those relating to appeals) shall apply accordingly:

Provided that no excess profits duty paid in respect of a period prior to the time when the control of the undertaking in question commenced shall be repayable by reason of any deficiency created by coal mines excess payments in respect of any period whilst the undertaking was subject to control, nor shall any coal mines excess payment be applied to make good deficiencies or losses for which excess profits duty would be repayable.

1918.

Coal Mines Control Agreement

(Confirmation) Aott 1918. Ch. 56.

191

16. Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent coal mines excess payments or any repayments thereof being treated for purposes of income tax as payments and repayments of excess profits duty are treated under section thirty-five of the Act, nor shall this Agreement —

(a) confer any right to have the profits retained under clause 3 together with any further sums received under clause to make up the guaranteed standard treated for the purpose of income tax, super-tax, or excess profits duty otherwise than as the profits of carrying on the trade or business; or

(i b) be deemed to constitute any claim for an amendment of an assessment under section one hundred and thirty-three or section one hundred and thirty-four of the Income Tax Act, 1842, nor to affect any such claim which, but for this Agreement, the owner would have been entitled to make under either of those sections.

17. The owner of every undertaking shall keep and furnish to the Controller at such times and in such form as the Controller may determine such cost accounts, trading accounts, and balance sheets and other accounts as the Controller may require, audited and verified in such manner as he may direct, and if part only of the undertaking is under the control of the Controller, entirely separate accounts of the portion of the undertaking under such control shall be kept, and the price charged on departmental transactions between the controlled portion of the undertaking and any other portion thereof shall be on a commercial basis, and such as may from time to time be approved by the Controller.

18. The Controller or any person appointed by him in that behalf may require the owner of any undertaking and any director, manager, or officer of the undertaking to furnish any information which may be reasonably required by the Controller for the purposes of this Agreemenl, and may inspect and take copies of any hooks, plans, and documents relating to the undertaking, and every such owner, director, manager, and officer shall furnish to the Controller or any person appointed by him all such information as aforesaid, and shall produce all such books, plans, and documents as may be in his possession or under his control, and shall afford to such person all reasonable facilities for inspecting the same.

19. No objection shall be taken to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue making available to the Controller auy information acquired by them for the purposes of income tax or excess profits duty which may be desired by the Controller for the purposes of this Agreement.

20. Any information obtained under clauses 17, 18 or 19 shall be treated as strictly confidential, and shall be used only for the purposes of His Majesty's Government or any department thereof, and no person who obtains any such information shall disclose or make use of any such information for any other purpose.

21. For the purpose of providing for the expenses of maintaining (including any rent, royalties, wayleaves, management, or other similar charges in respect thereof), and of reinstating, when reopened, any mine in any district or group of districts hereinafter referred to which may be closed by the direction of the Controller, so far as such expenses remain unprovided for aftes all refunds of excess profits duty arising through such expenses of maintenance and reinstatement have been exhausted, the Controller shall from time to time, on the application of any association of colliery owners in any district or of any group of such associations in several districts, cause a levy to be made on the owners of all undertakings under his control in such district or districts at such rate per ton

192

Ch. 56.

Coal Mines Control Agreement 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

(Confirmation) Act, 1918.

on the output as may be specified iu such application, and every such owner shall pay the amount due by him under such levy.

The proceeds of such levy shall be paid into a fund under the control of the Controller who shall thereout pay to the association or associations on whoso application the levy shall have been made, such sums as may be from time to time certified by such association or group of associations to be required for the purposes aforesaid.

The output ou which any particular levy under this clause is to be payable shall be the output in the last completed calendar year before the levy is made, but at the end of the period of control the Controller shall make such adjustments as may be necessary to make the total amount paid by the several owners such as would have been payable had each levy been made on the average annual output during the period of control.

The owner of any mine which is closed whilst the mine is under control shall, if the mine is situated elsewhere than in a district in respect of which an application has been made under this clause, not be entitled to any compensation in respect of such expenses as aforesaid.

If the total net amount paid ac coal mines excess payments under clause 3 during the whole period of control is certified by the Controller on the termination of control to exceed the total amount paid by him under clause 4, together with his administrative expenses, the surplus shall be applied by him in reimbursing the fund created under this clause to the extent of forty per cent, of the amounts paid thereout under the provisions of this clause.

The balance, if any, standing to the credit of any association or group of associations in the fund, including the sums paid by way of reimbursement as aforesaid, after defraying all such expenses as aforesaid, shall be the property of and paid over to the association or group of associations.

The Controller shall invest any sums which may from time to time be standing to the credit of any association or group of associations in the fund as are not immediately required for such purposes as aforesaid in such Government securities as the Controller may think fit, and may vary such investments from time to time.

If at the end of the period of control the purposes for which the said fuud is created have not beeu fully satisfied the administration of the fund and the powers of the Controller under this clause shall be transferred to such person as the Board of Trade may appoint for the purpose.

The amount payable in respect of a levy under this clause shall not be treated for the purposes of this Agreement as part of the expenses of carrying on an undertaking.

22. No dividends shall be paid and no loans repaid in respect of any undertaking without the consent of the Controller.

23. If any dispute arises under this agreement between the Controller and the owner with respect to which the decision of the Controller is not expressly made final, and no other method for the settlement thereof is provided under this Agreement, the dispute shall be referred to the arbitration of a single arbitrator appointed in England by the Lord Chief Justice of England, or in Scotland by the Lord President of the Court of Session of Scotland, or in Ireland by the Lord Chief Justice of Ireland.

24. The terms of this Agreement shall be taken to be iu full satisfaction of all claims for compensation arising in the period of the operation of this Agreement in respect of the orders of the Board of Trade dated the 29th day of November 1916 and the 22nd of February 1917, or anything done thereunder.

1918.

Goal Mines Control Agreement Ca. 56, 57.

(Confirmation) Act, 1918.

193

25. This Agreement shall be deemed to have come into operation, —

(a) in the case of mines controlled under the order of the Board of Trade dated the 29th November 1916, as from the 1st day of December 1916; and (b) in the case of mines controlled under the order of the Board of Trade dated the 22nd February 1917, as from the 1st day of March 1917;

and may be determined by the Controller on or at any time after the first day of October nineteen hundred and seventeen.

Resolved as follows on the twenty-first day of June, nineteen hundred and seventeen, by the Executive Council of the Mining Association of Great Britain:—

"That this meeting records its view that the terms of the agreement with the Controller of Coal Mines should be further modified, but leaves to the Consultative Committee full power to make a definite settlement on the best possible obtainable terms."

Subsequently, between the said twenty-first day of June and the twentieth day of July, nineteen hundred and seventeen, a definite settlement in the terms of the foregoing agreement was arrived at between the Controller of Coal Mines and the said Consultative Committee.

(Signed) GUY CALTHROP,

Controller of Coal Mines.

(Signed) ADAM NIMMO,

President of the Mining Association of Great Britain.

(Signed) REGINALD GUTHRIE,

Secretary of the Consultative Committee.

The twentieth day of July 1917.

CHAPTER 57.

An Act to provide for the foundation of Bishoprics of Bradford and Coventry and for matters incidental thereto.

[6th February 1918.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Bishoprics Act, 1878 (in this Act referred to as the Application of principal Act), including the repealed portions thereof, shall,

subject to the modifications set forth in the First Schedule to

194

Ch. 57. Bishoprics of Bradford and Coventry 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Act, 1918.

[Short title.]

Section 1.

this Act, have effect for the purpose of the foundation of new Bishoprics of Bradford and Coventry as if the Second Schedule to this Act were substituted for the Schedule to the principal Act and as if the principal Act had been passed at the date of the passing of this Act.

2. This Act may be cited as the Bishoprics of Bradford and Coventry Act, 1918.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Modifications of Principal Act.

1. An Order in Council under section four of the principal Act may be made in relation to either of the new bishoprics referred to in this Act, whenever the Ecclesiastical Commissioners certify to His Majesty under their Common Seal that the annual value of the endowment fund of such bishopric (exclusive of the annual value of any episcopal residence but in other respects calculated according to the provisions of the said section) with the annual value of the sum to be derived from the contributory bishopric (excluding any sum contingently to be so derived) is not less than two thousand five hundred pounds, and that a fitting episcopal residence has been provided to the satisfaction of the said Commissioners or a capital Bum (in addition to the sum necessary to produce the annual value so certified as aforesaid) sufficient in the opinion of the said Commissioners has been contributed for that purpose.

2. A scheme made under section seven of the principal Act may provide for the rearrangement of the boundaries of the new diocese to which the same applies and of any dioceses contiguous thereto, and in connection with the diocese of Coventry for the rearrangement of the boundaries of the diocese of Worcester and of any dioceses contiguous thereto, and in relation to any rearrangement of boundaries may contain such provisions in reference to archdeaconries and archdeacons, to patronage, to the transfer of non-residentiary or honorary canons, to the transfer of terriers, tithe apportionments, maps, plans and other documents, and to other provisions and arrangements, so nearly as circumstances admit, as are authorised in relation to the new bishopric and contributory bishoprics.

3. The trust to make good to a contributory bishopric the transferred portion of the endowment or income of that bishopric under section eight of the principal Act shall not apply.

1918.

Bishoprics of Bradford and Coventry

Act, 1918. Ch. 57.

195

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Proposal for New Bishoprics.

I. — Bishopric of Bradford.

1. The bishop to be the bishop of Bradford.

2. The diocese of Bradford to eonsist (subject to the provisions contained in the First Schedule as to rearrangement of boundaries) of the archdeaconry of Craven and the rural deanery of Otley (except the parishes of Arthington, Bramhope, Horsforth, Pool, Stainburn, Weeton, and Woodside) now in the diocese of Ripon, and the parishes of Tong and Wyke now in the diocese of Wakefield.

3. The parish church of Bradford, subject to the rights of the patrons and incumbent of that church, to be the cathedral church.

4. Subject to the rights enjoyed by any person at the passing of this Act there shall be transferred to the endowment fund of the bishopric of Bradford such portion of the endowment or income of the bishopric of Ripon as will produce or amount to the net annual sum of three hundred pounds.

5. The bishop to be subject to the metropolitan jurisdiction of the Archbishop of York.

II. — Bishopric of Covrntrt.

1. The bishop to be the bishop of Coventry.

2. The diocese of Coventry to consist (subject to the provisions contained in the First Schedule as to rearrangement of boundaries, of the archdeaconry of Coventry and the archdeaconry of Warwick (except the rnral deaneries of Bloekley, Evesham, Feckenham and Pershore), all now in the diocese of Worcester.

3. The parish church of St. Michael, Coventry, subject to the rights of the patron and incumbent of that church, to be the cathedral church.

4. Subject to the rights enjoyed by any person at the passing of this Act, there shall be transferred to the endowment fund of the bishopric of Coventry (a) such portion of the endowment or income of the bishopric of Worcester as will produce or amount to the net annual sum of three hundred pounds, and (6) if and when any annual sum in excess of three hundred pounds shall be re-transferred from the endowment fund of the bishopric of Birmingham to the endowment of the bishopric of Worcester, such further portion of the endowment or income of the bishopric of Worcester as will produce or amount to such annual sum so re-transferred.

5. The bishop to be subject to the metropolitan jurisdiction of the Archbishop of Canterbury.

196

Ch. 58. Wills (Soldier* and SaUort) 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Explanation of s.ll of 7WH1.4. k 1 Vict. c. 26.

Extension of a. 11 of Wills Act, 1837.

Validity of testamentary dispositions of real property made by soldiers and sailors.

Power to appoint testamentary guardians.

CHAPTER 58.

An Act to amend the Law with respect to Testamentary Dispositions by Soldiers and Sailors.

[6th February 1918.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. In order to remove doubts as to the construction of the Wills Act, 1837, it is hereby declared and enacted that section eleven of that Act authorises and always has authorised any soldier being in actual military service, or any mariner or seaman being at sea, to dispose of his personal estate as he might have done before the passing of that Act, though under the age of twenty-one years.

2. Section eleven of the Wills Act, 1837, shall extend to any member of His Majesty's naval or marine forces not only when he is at sea but also when he is so circumstanced that if he were a soldier he would be in actual military service within the meaning of that section.

3. — (1) A testamentary disposition of any real estate in England or Ireland made by a person to whom section eleven of the Wills Act, 1837, applies, and who dies after the passing of this Act, shall, notwithstanding that the person making the disposition was at the time of making it under twenty-one years of age or that the disposition has not been made in such manner or form as was at the passing of this Act required by law, be valid in any case where the person making the disposition was of such age and the disposition has been made in such manner and form that if the disposition had been a disposition of personal estate made by such a person domiciled in England or Ireland it would have been valid.

(2) A testamentary disposition of any heritable property in Scotland made after the passing of this Act by a person to whom section eleven of the Wills Act, 1837, applies or to whom it would apply if he were domiciled in England, shall not be invalid by reason only of the fact that such person is under twenty-one years of age, provided always that he is of such age that he could, if domiciled in Scotland, have made a valid testamentary disposition of moveable property.

4. Where any person dies after the passing of this Act having made a will which is, or which, if it had been a disposition of property, would have been rendered valid by section eleven of the Wills Act, 1837, any appointment contained in that will of any person as guardian of the infant children of the testator shall be of full force and effect.

1918.

Wills (Soldiers and Sailors) Act, 1918. Ch. 58, 59.

107

5. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Wills (Soldiers and Short title and Sailors) Act, 1918. interpretation.

(2) For the purposes of section eleven of the Wills Act,

1837, and this Act the expression "soldier " includes a member of the Air Force, and references in this Act to the said section eleven include a reference to that section as explained and extended by this Act.

CHAPTER 59.

An Act to secure the better training of Midwives in Ireland, and to regulate their practice.

[6th February 1918.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) From and after the first day of January one thousand Certification, nine hundred and nineteen any woman who, not being certified under this Act, shall take or use the name or title of midwife (either alone or in combination with any other word or words), or any name, title, addition, or description implying that she is certified under this Act, or is a person specially qualified to practise midwifery, or is recognised by law as a midwife, shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(2) From and after the first day of January one thousand nine hundred and twenty-four no woman shall habitually and for gain attend women in child-birth otherwise than under the direction of a registered medical practitioner unless she be certified under this Act; any woman so acting without being certified under this Act shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds: Provided that this subsection shall not apply to registered medical practitioners or to anyone rendering assistance in a case of emergency.

(3) No woman shall be certified under this Act until she has complied with the rules and regulations to be laid down in pursuance of this Act.

(4) No woman certified under this Act shall employ an uncertified person as her substitute.

(5) The certificate under this Act shall not confer upon any woman any right or title to be registered under the Medical Acts or to assume any name, title, or designation implying that she is by law recognised as a medical practitioner, or that she is authorised to grant any medical certificate, or any certificate of death or of still-birth, or to undertake the charge of cases

P

198

Ch. 59.

Midwives (Ireland) Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Provision for existing mid-wives.

2 Bdw. 7.c. 17. 5 St 6 Qeo. 5. c. 91.

Constitution of the Central Mid wives Board for Ireland.

of abnormality or disease in connection with parturition, but nothing herein contained shall prevent a midwife granting such certificates as may be required by the rules of approved societies or insurance committees in connection with maternity benefit under the National Insurance Acts, 1911 to 1915, or any enactment amending the same.

2. — (1) Any woman who, within two years from the commencement of this Act, claims to be certified under this Act shall be so certified —

(a) if she holds a certificate in midwifery from the Royal

College of Physicians of Ireland;

(b) if she holds acertificate in midwifery granted in accordance

with this section by any lying-in hospital recognised as a training school for midwives by the Local Government Board, or holds any other certificate in midwifery which may be approved by the Central Midwives Board for Ireland;

(c) if she is or has been a permanent midwife of a workhouse

or a dispensary district in Ireland;

(d) if she is certified under the Midwives Act, 1902, or the

Midwives (Scotland) Act, 1915; or

(e) if she satisfies the Central Midwives Board for Ireland

that, at the passing of this Act, she had been for at least one year in bona fide practice as a midwife and that she bears a good character.

(2) The holding of a certificate from a lying-in hospital recognised by the Local Government Board shall not entitle a woman to be registered under this section unless the certificate was granted on examination, and after a course of training in midwifery in the hospital for at least three months, in the case of a trained medical or surgical nurse, and at least six months in the case of any other woman.

(3) The period within which claims may be made to be certified under this section may be extended by the Central Midwives Board for Ireland in special cases where any woman is able to satisfy them that she had reasonable excuse for having failed to make her claim within that period.

3. — (1) On the passing of this Act the Lord President of the Council shall take steps to secure the formation of a Central Midwives Board for Ireland (hereafter in this Act termed the Board), which shall consist of —

(a) three persons to be appointed by the Local Government Board, of whom one shall be a registered medical practitioner and two shall be persons appointed after consultation with the county councils and county borough councils, to represent those bodies respectively on the Central Midwives Board;

(h) four registered medical practitioners to be elected by the registered medical practitioners resident in Ireland;

1918.

Midurivea (Ireland) Act, 1918. Ch. 59.

199

(c) four women (in this Act referred to as midwives’ representatives) to be appointed by the Local Government Board, of whom three shall be appointed after consultation with recognised nursing associations in Ireland.

(2) On the first day of February, nineteen hundred and twenty-three, and on the first day of February in every fifth year thereafter, all the appointed and elected members of the Board shall go out of office, and their places shall be filled by new elections and new appointments, but a person going out of office may, if otherwise qualified, be re-elected or re-appointed.

(3) A woman shall not be qualified for appointment as a midwives’ representative unless at the time of appointment she is resident in Ireland; and

(a) in the case of appointments made on or after the first

day of February, nineteen hundred and twenty-three, is a certified midwife; and

(b) in the case of appointments made prior to that date

possesses a qualification specified in paragraph (a),

(b) or (d) of subsection (1) of section two of this Act.

(4) Any vacancy occurring by death or resignation or any cause other than retirement in the ordinary course shall be filled —

(a) in the case of an elected registered medical practitioner,

by a member co-opted by the remaining members who are elected registered medical practitioners; and

(b) in the case of an appointed member, by a member

appointed in the like manner by the authority by whom the member whose place is vacant was. appointed;

and the person so co-opted or appointed shall hold office until the time when the person in whose place he is co-opted or appointed would have regularly gone out of office, and shall then go out of office.

(5) The elections of elected members and the consultations with bodies to be consulted in connection with the appointment of appointed members shall be conducted and arranged in accordance with regulations to be made by the Local Government Board. The returning officer at the first election of registered medical practitioners shall be the Vice-President of the Local Government Board, or a person nominated by him, and at any subsequent election shall be the Chairman of the Central Midwives Board or a person nominated by him.

The Board may act notwithstanding a vacancy or vacancies in their number.

The Board shall elect a chairman from their own number.

The meetings of the Board shall be held in the city of Dublin, and the members shall be paid in respect of their attendance thereat reasonable expenses on a scale approved by the Privy Council.

200

Ch. 59.

Midwives (Ireland) Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Future revision of constitution of the Board.

Duties and powers of the

4. — (1) The Board may at any time represent to the Privy Council that it is expedient to modify the constitution of the Board either by —

(a) increasing or diminishing the number of persons

appointed by any body or person; or

(b) abolishing the power of appointment by any body or

person; or

(c) conferring on any body or person a power of appointment

of one or more persons; or

(d) altering the term of office or qualifications of any

members.

(2) The Privy Council before considering such representation shall cause it to be laid before both Houses of Parliament.

(3) If either House of Parliament within forty days (exclusive of any period of adjournment for more than one week) next after such representation has been laid before the House presents an address to His Majesty declaring that the representation or any part thereof ought not to be given effect to, no further proceedings shall be taken in respect of the representation or part thereof in regard to which the address has been presented; but if no such address is presented by either House within such forty days as aforesaid, or if an address relating only to some part of such representation be so presented, the Privy Council may, if they think fit, report to His Majesty that it is expedient to give effect to the representation or to any other part thereof as the case may be; and it shall be lawful for His Majesty by Order in Council to give effect to the same, and any Order in Council so made shall have effect as if enacted in this Act.

5. The duties and powers of the Board shall be as follows: —

(1) To frame rules —

(a) regulating their own proceedings;

(b) regulating the issue of certificates and the conditions of admission to the roll of midwives;

(c) regulating the course of training and the conduct of examinations (which shall, so far as possible, be of a practical character) and the remuneration of the examiners;

(d) regulating the admission to the roll of women already in practice as midwives at the passing of this Act;

(e) regulating, supervising, and restricting within due limits the practice of midwives, and defining the emergencies in which a midwife shall call in a registered medical practitioner to her assistance;

(f) defining the conditions under which midwives may be suspended from practice;

1918.

Midwives (Ireland) Act, 1918. Ch. 59.

201

(g) defining the particulars required to be given in any notice under section eighteen of this Act;

(2) To appoint examiners, one of whom shall be a registered female medical practitioner and none of whom shall be a member of the Board;

. (3) To decide upon the places where, and the times when, examinations shall be held;

(4) To publish annually a roll of midwives who have been

duly certified under this Act;

(5) To decide upon the removal from the roll of the name

of any midwife for disobeying the rules and regulations from time to time laid down under this Act by the Board, or for other misconduct, and also to decide upon the restoration to the roll of the name of any midwife so removed;

(6) To issue and cancel certificates;

and generally to do any other act or duty which may be necessary for the due and proper carrying out of the provisions of this Act.

Rules framed under this section shall be communicated to the General Medical Council, and shall be valid only if approved by the Privy Council; and the Privy Council, before approving any such rules, shall take into consideration any representations which the General Medical Council may make with respect thereto. The General Medical Council may for the purposes of this section act through their executive committee.

6. — (1) The power of the Board to frame rules defining the Provisions a» conditions under which midwives may be suspended from to 8U8Pn8ion8* practice shall include a power of framing rules —

(a) authorising the Board to suspend a midwife from practice

in lieu of removing her name from the roll, and to suspend from practice until the case has been decided, and (in the case of an appeal) until the appeal has been decided, any midwife accused before the Board of disobeying rules or regulations or of other misconduct;

(b) authorising the local supervising authority to suspend from

practice until the case has been decided any midwife against whom a prosecution has been taken for a contravention of any of the provisions of this Act.

(2) Where in pursuance of any power conferred by any such rule a midwife has been suspended from practice pending the decision of her case by a court or the Board or on an appeal from the Board and the case is decided in her favour, or where in pursuance of the duty imposed by paragraph (3) of section sixteen of this Act a midwife has been suspended from practice in order to prevent the spread of infection, the Board or the local supervising authority by whom she was suspended may, if they think

202

Ch. 59.

Midwives (Ireland) Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Expenses of midwives.

Offences bj midwives.

Return of certificate.

Notification to local supervising authorities of removal of names from roll.

Reciprocal treatment of midwives certified in other parts of His Majesty's dominions.

fit, pay her such reasonable compensation for loss of practice as under the circumstances may seem just.

7. — (1) The Board may, if they think fit, pay all or any part of the expenses incurred by any midwife who may be required to appear before them in her own defence, and all formB required to be filled up and returned to the Board shall be supplied by the Board to certified midwives free of charge.

(2) All other forms and books which certified midwives are required to fill up or use shall be supplied to them by the local supervising authority free of charge.

(3) Where any such form is required to be returned by post to the Board or the authority either the form shall be supplied duly stamped or a duly stamped envelope shall be supplied with the form.

8. Where the Board decide upon the removal from the roll of the name of any midwife, they may, in addition, prohibit her from attending women in child-birth in any other capacity, but such decision of the Board shall be subject to the like appeal as their decision to remove her name from the roll, and, if any woman so prohibited acts in contravention of the prohibition, she shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

9. Any woman whose name is ordered to be removed from the roll for disobeying rules or regulations, or for other misconduct, shall, within fourteen days from the notification to her of the order, surrender her certificate to the Board, and, if she fails to do so, shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

10. Where the name of a woman has been removed from the roll of midwives, the Board shall forthwith give notice of the fact to all local supervising authorities concerned and to the Local Government Board.

11. — (1) Any woman who produces evidence satisfactory to the Board that she has been trained as a midwife and certified in any other part of His Majesty's dominions in which there is for the time being in force any Act or ordinance for the certification and registration of midwives under a public authority, and which admits to its register midwives certified under this Act on reciprocal terms, shall, on payment of the like fee as is payable in ordinary cases, be entitled to be certified under this Act: Provided that the standard of training and examination required in such other part of His Majesty's dominions is in the opinion of the Board equivalent to the standard adopted by the Board.

(2) If any question arises under this section as to the right of a woman to be certified under this Act, the question shall be determined by the Privy Council.

1918.

Midimvet (Ireland)Aet, 1918. Ch. 59.

203

12. Any woman thinking herself aggrieved by any decision of the Board removing her name from the roll of midwives may appeal therefrom either to the High Court or to the Local Government Board within three months after the notification of such decision to her; but no further appeal shall be allowed.

13. There shall be payable by every woman presenting herself for examination or certificate such fee as the Board may, with the approval of the Privy Council, from time to time determine, such fee not to exceed the sum of one guinea. All such fees paid by midwives in practice at the passing of this Act and by candidates for examination shall be paid to the Board. The Board shall devote such fees to the payment of expenses connected with the examination and certificate and to the general expenses of the Board. The Board shall, as soon as practicable after the thirty-first day of December in each year, publish a financial statement made up to that date, and showing the receipts and expenditure, including liabilities, of the Board, during the year, which statement shall be certified as correct by an auditor to be appointed annually by the Local Government Board. The Board shall submit a copy of such statement to the Privy Council, and, if the statement shows any balance against the Board and such balance is approved by the Privy Council, whose approval shall be binding and conclusive as to the amount of the balance to be apportioned, the Board may apportion such balance between the local supervising authorities in proportion to the rateable value of their districts. The Board may issue precepts to the local supervising authorities for the amounts so respectively apportioned to them. The local supervising authorities shall within six months after the receipt of such precepts, or such longer period as may be agreed with the Board, pay to the Board the amounts so payable by them respectively.

14. There shall be a roll of midwives containing —

(1) the names of those midwives who have been certified

under section two of this Act;

(2) the names of all other midwives who have been certified

under this Act.

The entry on the roll shall in every case indicate the conditions in virtue of which the certificate was granted.

15. The Board shall, with the previous sanction of the Privy Council, appoint a secretary and such other officers as may be required, and every person so appointed shall be paid such salary as the Privy Council may approve, and shall be removable at the pleasure of the Board. The secretary, acting under the instructions of the Board, shall be charged with the preparation, correction, and custody of the roll.

A copy of the roll of midwives purporting to be printed by the authority of the Board or to be signed by the secretary of the Board, or other person authorised by the Board to sign on

Appeal from decision of the Board.

Fees and expenses.

Midwives roll.

Appointment of secretary and supplemental provision as to certificate.

204

Ch. 59.

Midwivec (Ireland) Act, 1918. 7 8 Geo. 5.

his behalf, shall be evidence in all courts that the women therein specified are certified under this Act; and the absence of the name of any woman from such copy shall be evidence until the contrary be made to appear that such woman is not certified under this Act: Provided always that, in the case of any woman whose name does not appear in Such copy, a certificate under the hand of the secretary, or other person authorised as aforesaid, of the entry of the name of such woman on the roll shall be evidence that such woman is certified under this Act.

A certificate purporting to be signed by the secretary, or other person authorised as aforesaid, that the name of a woman whose name appears in the roll of mid wives has been removed from the roll and of the date of such removal shall be evidence that such woman is not certified under this Act and of the date as from which she ceased to be so certified.

Local supervision of midwives.

16. Every council of a county or county borough shall be the local supervising authority over midwives within the area of the county or county borough. It shall be the duty of the local supervising authority, by themselves, or by their medical officer acting under their instruction —

(1) to exercise general supervision over all midwives prac-

tising within their district in accordance with the rules to be laid down under this Act;

(2) to investigate charges of malpractice, negligence, or

misconduct, on the part of any midwife practising within their district, and, should a prima facie case be established, to report the same to the Board;

(3) to suspend any midwife from practice, in accordance

with the rules under this Act, if such suspension appears necessary in order to prevent the spread of infection;

(4) to report at once to the Board the name of any midwife

practising in their district convicted of an offence under this Act;

(5) to report at once to the Board the death of any midwife

or any change in the name and address of any midwife in their district, so that the necessary alteration may be made in the roll;

((>) to supply to the secretary of the Board, during the month of January of each year, the names and addresses of all mid wives who during the preceding year have notified their intention to practise within their district, and to keep a current copy of the roll of midwives, accessible at all reasonable times for public inspection;

(7) to give due notice of the effect of the Act, so far as practicable, to persons at the commencement of this Act using the title of midwife, within their district.

The local supervising authority may delegate, with or without any^instructions or conditions as they may think fit, any powers

1918.

Midwives (Ireland) Act, 1918. Ch. 59.

205

or duties conferred or imposed upon them by or in pursuance of this Act, to a committee appointed by them, and consisting, either wholly or to the extent of two-thirds or more, of members of the authority, and including at least two women.

17. For the purpose of exercising the powers of supervision Powers of over midwives conferred on local supervising authorities, any entry* officer appointed by such an authority for the purpose may at

all reasonable times enter any premises which he has reason to believe to be a lying-in home conducted for profit within the district of the authority, and in which he has reason to believe that a certified midwife is employed or practises, or that a woman not a certified midwife practises in contravention of this Act, and any person who wilfully obstructs any such officer in the performance of his duties, shall, on summary conviction, be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

18. — (1) Every woman certified under this Act shall, before Notification of holding herself out as a practising midwife or commencing to practice-practise as a midwife in any district, give notice in writing of

her intention so to do and of the address at which she resides to the local supervising authority, and shall give a like notice in the month of January in every year thereafter during which she continues to practise in such district.

Such notice shall be given to the local supervising authority of the district within which such woman usually resides or carries on her practice, and the like notice shall be given to every other local supervising authority within whose district such woman at any time practises or acts as a midwife, within forty-eight hours at the latest after she commences so to practise or act.

Every such notice shall contain such particulars as may be required by the rules under this Act to secure the identification of the person giving it; and if any woman omits to give the said notices or any of them, or knowingly or wilfully makes or causes or procures any other person to make any false statement in any such notice, she shall, on summary conviction, be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(2) Where a woman certified under this Act has given a notice in compliance with subsection (1) of this section and subsequently changes her address, she shall, within three days after such change, give notice of the change to every local supervising authority concerned, and, if she omits to do so, shall, on summary conviction, be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

19. Any woman who procures or attempts to procure a Penalty for

certificate under this Act by making or producing, or causing to a

he made or produced, any false and fraudulent declaration, fjiserepw-7 certificate, or representation, either in writing or otherwise, shall entation. be guilty of a misdemeanour, and shall, on conviction thereof,

be liable to he imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for any term not exceeding twelve months.

206

Ch. 59.

Midwivet (Ireland) Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Penalty for wilful falsification of the roll.

Supervising authority may contribute towards training.

Medical assistance in case of emergency.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 68.

Medical officers of local supervising authorities.

Annual report of local supervising medical officer.

20. Any person wilfully making or causing to be made any falsification in any matter relating to the roll of midwives shall be guilty of a misdemeanour, and shall be liable to be imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for any term not exceeding twelve months.

21. Local supervising authorities may, if they think fit, contribute towards the training of midwives within or without their respective areas in such manner and to such extent as may be approved by the Local Government Board.

22. — (1) In case of an emergency, as defined in the rules of the Board under this Act, a midwife shall call in to her assistance a registered medical practitioner, and the local supervising authority shall (unless the patient is entitled to medical relief under section nine of the Poor Relief (Ireland) Act, 1851) pay to such medical practitioner a fee according to a scale to be fixed by the Local Government Board.

(2) It shall be a condition of the payment of such fee that the medical practitioner so called in shall state in his claim to the local supervising authority the nature of the emergency.

(3) The midwife shall report forthwith to the local supervising authority each case of emergency in which she has called in a registered medical practitioner to her assistance, stating the nature of the emergency and the name of the medical practitioner.

(4) The local supervising authority shall have power to recover the fee from the husband or guardian of the patient either in a summary manner or otherwise as a civil debt, unless it be shown to their satisfaction that such husband or guardian is unable by reason of poverty to pay such fee.

(5) No person shall be deprived of any right or privilege or be subjected to any disability or disqualification by reason of the payment of fees by a local supervising authority under this section.

23. — (1) The council of any county may appoint a registered medical practitioner having such qualifications as may be approved by the Local Government Board to be their medical officer for the purposes of this Act, with such remuneration as may be approved by the Local Government Board and may at their discretion dismiss any such medical officer.

(2) In every county borough the medical superintendent officer of health shall be the medical officer of the county borough council for the purposes of this Act, with such additional remuneration as the council may, with the approval of the Local Government Board, determine.

24. The medical officer of every local supervising authority shall report annually to that authority on the administration of the Act within the district of the local authority, and he shall transmit a copy of such report to the Board and to the Local Government Board.

1918.

Midwives (Ireland) Act, 1918. Ch. 59, 60.

207

25. The Board shall present to the Privy Council a report of their proceedings during each year within three months of the termination of the year containing such particulars as the Privy Council may direct.

26. Any expenses under this Act payable by the local supervising authority shall be defrayed out of the poor rate.

27. Nothing in this Act respecting midwives shall apply to registered medical practitioners.

28. As from the first day of January, nineteen hundred and nineteen, Part VIII. of the Belfast Corporation Act, 1911 (which provides for the certification and enrolment of mid wives practising in the city of Belfast) shall be repealed, and any woman who on that day is certified under that Part of that Act shall be certified under section two of this Act if she claims to be so certified before the expiration of the period specified in that section or such extension of that period as may be granted by the Central Midwives Board, and any woman who on the day aforesaid would have been certified under the said Part of the said Act, had not her certificate been temporarily withdrawn, shall, on the expiration of the period of withdrawal, be entitled to be certified under this Act in like manner.

29. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires —

The expression "midwife" means a woman who is certified

under this Act;

The expression "district" means a county or county borough;

The expression "Local Government Board" means the Local Government Board for Ireland; and The expression "Privy Council" means the Lords and others for the time being of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

30. This Act may be cited as the Mid wives (Ireland) Act, 1918, and shall apply to Ireland only. It shall, except as otherwise provided by this Act, come into operation on its passing.

CHAPTER 60.

An Act to extend and amend the National Registration Act, 1915.

[6th February 1918.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The Register formed under the National Registration Act, 1915 (hereinafter referred to as the principal Act), shall,

Annual report of the Board.

Expenses of local supervising authority.

Act not to apply to medical practitioners.

Certification o midwives under local Act.

1 & 2 Geo. 5. c. cxc.

Definitions.

Short title, extent, and commencement.

Extension of classes of per-

208

Ch. 60. National Registration (7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Act, 1918.

sons to be registered. 5*6 Geo. 5. c. 60.

in addition to the persons mentioned in section one of that Act, include the following persons:—

(a) All male persons who, not having been liable on the

fifteenth day of August, nineteen hundred and fifteen, to register themselves under the principal Act by reason that on that day they were under the age of fifteen years, or were members of some part of His Majesty's naval forces or of His Majesty's regular or territorial forces, have, before the commencement of this Act, attained the said age, or ceased to be members of any of His Majesty's forces, or thereafter attain that age or cease to be members of His Majesty's forces;

(b) All male persons who, having been registered under the

principal Act, have subsequently joined any of His Majesty's forces, and who before the commencement of this Act have ceased or thereafter cease to be members of any such forces,

and all such persons shall be deemed to be persons required to register themselves under the principal Act, and when registered shall be deemed to be registered under the principal Act.

Duties of per- 2. — (1) It shall be the duty of every male person who, by

sons to register. vjr^ue of this Act, is liable to register himself under the principal Act, or who was liable to register himself under the principal Act but has failed so to do before the commencement of this Act, to cause himself to be registered, and for that purpose before the appointed date to obtain, fill up, sign, and send or deliver to the local registration authority, by post or otherwise, a form containing the particulars mentioned in section four of the principal Act or such of those particulars as may be prescribed, together with particulars as to whether he is or is not a person who has been discharged from His Majesty's forces, and if he is such a person as to the portion of the forces from which he was discharged, and as to such further matters (being matters with respect to which it is desirable that information should be given by persons on registration with a view to their obtaining advantageous employment) as may be prescribed.

The appointed date for the purposes of this section shall, as respects persons who come within the operation of this section on the date of the commencement of tliiB Act, or within fourteen days thereafter, be the twenty-eighth day after that date, and in the case of any other persons be the fourteenth day after the date on which they come within the operation of this section.

(2) Sections five, six, and thirteen of the principal Act (which relate respectively to the completion and correction of forms, to the right to certificates of registration and to penalties) shall have effect as if references therein to forms included a reference to forms under this Act.

1918.

200

National Registration () Ch. 60.

Act, 1918.

3. — -(1) If any male person at any time registered under the principal Act changes his profession or occupation so that it ceases to correspond with his profession or occupation as specified in his certificate of registration or, if his profession or occupation is not so specified, with his profession or occupation as on the date when he was registered, he shall within the appointed time notify the change to the local registration authority, and for that purpose send or deliver to that authority, by post or otherwise, his certificate of registration with his new profession or occupation noted thereon, and there shall be supplied to him a fresh certificate of registration, and the change shall be noted in the register.

For the purpose of the foregoing provision any male person registered under the principal Act at the date of the commencement of this Act whose profession or occupation at that date does not correspond with his profession or occupation as specified in his certificate of registration, or if his profession or occupation is not so specified with his profession or occupation as on the date when he was registered, shall be deemed to have changed his profession or occupation as on the date of the commencement of this Act.

The appointed time for the purpose of the foregoing provision means, in the case of a person who changes or is deemed to have changed his profession or occupation on or at any time within fourteen days after the date of the commencement of this Act twenty-eight days from that date, and in the case of any other person fourteen days from the date of the change.

(2) Any male person who has lost his certificate of registration, whether he is required by this section to send his certificate of registration to the local registration authority or not and whether the loss occurred before or after the commencement of this Act, shall, as soon as he becomes aware thereof, notify the loss to the local registration authority of the district in which his place of residence is situate, and for that purpose obtain, fill up, sign, and send or deliver by post or otherwise to that authority, notice in the prescribed form of the loss, and there shall be supplied to him a fresh certificate of registration.

4. — (1) Subsection (1) of section seven of the principal Act (which provides for the notification of changes of address) shall have effect as if for the words "within twenty-eight days " there were substituted the words "within fourteen days, " and for the purpose of the said subsection any person registered under the principal Act at the date of the commencement of this Act whose place of residence at that date does not correspond with his place of residence as specified in his certificate of registration shall be deemed to have changed his place of residence as on that date.

(2) Subsection (2) of the said section seven (which provides for the registration of unregistered persons arriving in the

Duty of certain persons to notify changes of occupation and loss of certificates.

Amendment of s. 7 of the principal Act.

210

Ch. 60. National Registration (Amendment) 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Act, 1918.

Duty of employer to require production of registration certificates.

Power of constables, &c., to require production of registration certificates

United Kingdom) shall have effect as if for the words "within twenty-eight days " there were substituted the words "within fourteen days, " and for the purpose of the said subsection any person who arrived in the United Kingdom before the date of the commencement of this Act, and who on or before that date had not given notice of arrival in accordance with the provisions of the said subsection, shall be deemed to have arrived in the United Kingdom as on that date.

5. — (1) Any person who on the fifteenth day of February nineteen hundred and eighteen has in his employment any male person between the ages of fifteen and sixty-five who was required to register himself under the principal Act or is liable by virtue of this Act so to register himself, or on or after that date takes into his employment any such male person shall, within seven days after that date, or after taking the male person into his employment, as the case may be, require him to produce his certificate of registration, and if any such male person does not produce his certificate of registration to the employer within a period of seven days after being so required, the employer shall on the expiration of the said period send to the local registration authority in whose district that person is resident notice that that person has so failed to produce his certificate of registration.

(2) If any person taking into or having in his employment any such male person as aforesaid fails to comply with the requirements of this section he shall for each offence be liable, on conviction under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts, to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

6. — (1) Every male person who was required to register himself under the principal Act or who is liable by virtue of this Act so to register himself shall —

(a) if notice requiring the production of his certificate of

registration has been given in accordance with the provisions of this section, produce his certificate to the person, and at the time and place, specified by the notice; and

(b) whether any such notice has been given or not, on

demand by any police constable, or any person duly authorised in that behalf by the Director-General of National Service, either produce his certificate of registration or give particulars as to his name, address, age, and occupation.

(2) Any police constable or other person authorised to demand the production of certificates may, for the purpose of the performance of his duties under this section, at any reasonable time enter any factory, workshop, or business premises and may inspect and take copies of any certificates produced to him.

1918.

211

National Registration () Ch. 60.

Act, 1918.

(3) Any notice for the purpose of this section may be given by any person authorised in that behalf by the Director-General of National Service, and either by delivering it to the person who is to be required to produce his certificate, or by leaving it at that person’s place of residence, or by publishing it or causing it to be published at the place where that person is employed in such a manner as is reasonably calculated to bring it to his knowledge, and any such notice may specify a time (not being less than three days from the date of the notice), and a place tnot being other than the residence or place of employment of the holder of the certificate), at which the certificate of registration is to be produced.

(4) If any person over the age of eighteen years fails to comply with the provisions of this section or gives particulars which are false in any respect, or obstructs any person in the exercise of his powers under this section, he shall be liable on conviction under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

7. — (1) It shall be lawful for His Majesty by Order in Council to extend to female persons any of the provisions of this Act applicable only to male persons, other than the provision requiring a person on demand by a police constable or any other duly authorised person either to produce his certificate of registration or give particulars, subject to such modifications in dates as may be fixed by the Order.

(2) Every Order in Council made under this section shall be laid before each House of Parliament forthwith, and if an address is presented to His Majesty by either House of Parliament within the next subsequent twenty-one days on which that House has sat next after the Order is laid before it praying that the Order may be annulled, His Majesty in Council may annul the Order and it shall thenceforth be void, but without prejudice to the validity of anything done thereunder.

8. It shall be the duty of every local registration authority to take all such steps as are necessary for securing the due registration of all persons within their district required by this Act to cause themselves to be registered under the principal Act, and for securing the performance by all persons of their duties under this Act.

9. The duty of a person to cause himself to be registered under the principal Act or when so registered to notify any change of his profession or occupation or of his place of residence or the loss of his certificate of registration shall be a continuing duty, and shall not be deemed to be extinguished by reason only that he has failed so to do before the appointed date or within the time allowed for the purpose and has thereby incurred a penalty.

Provisions as to females.

Duties of local

registration

authorities.

Certain duties to be continuing duties.

212

Consent of the Director-General of National Service to prosecutions and provision as to continuing offences.

Saving for persons over sixty-five.

Short title, construction, and commencement.

Alteration of limit on sum to be raised for police expenses.

2 & 3 Geo. fr. c. 4.

Duration of Act.

Short title and construction.

Ch. 60, 61. National Registration ()7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Act, 1918.

10. — (1) A prosecution for an offence under this Act or under the principal Act shall not be instituted in England except with the consent of the Director-General of National Service.

(2) Subsection (3) of section thirteen of the principal Act shall have effect as if there were inserted at the end thereof the words "after conviction."

11. Nothing in this Act or the principal Act shall impose any obligation on any person being over the age of sixty-five years to cause himself to be registered, or to notify any change of his profession or occupation or of his place of residence or the loss of his certificate of registration.

12. — (1) This Act may be cited as the National Registration (Amendment) Act, 1918, and shall be construed and have effect as if it were part of the principal Act, and that Act and this Act may be cited together as the National Registration Acts, 1915 and 1918.

(2) This Act shall come into operation on the twenty-first day after the passing thereof.

CHAPTER 61.

An Act to amend the Metropolitan Police Act, 1912.

[6th February 1918.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Section one of the Metropolitan Police Act, 1912, which alters the limit of the sums to be raised by rates for the expenses of the metropolitan police shall have effect as if for " eleven pence " there were substituted thirteen pence, and for " ten pence " there were substituted twelve pence.

2. This Act shall cease to have effect at the expiration of the financial year next after that in which the present war terminates.

3. This Act may be cited as the Metropolitan Police Act, 1918, and shall be construed with the Metropolitan Police Acts, 1829 to 1912, and those Acts and this Act may be cited together as the Metropolitan Police Acts, 1829 to 1918.

1918.

National Health Insurance Act, 1918. Ch. 62.

213

CHAPTER 62.

An Act to amend the Acts relating to National Health Insurance.

[6th February 1918.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Part I.

Financial Provisions.

1. — (1) The sum to be retained by the Insurance Commis- Amendment sioners under subsection (3) of section fifty-five of the National ^nd^ict Insurance Act, 1911 (in this Act referred to as " the principal i^ Geo. g ' Act "), out of each weekly contribution shall, in the case of an c. 65. insured person being a woman, be one penny and one-sixth

instead of one penny halfpenny.

(2) The sums retained by the Insurance Commissioners under the said subsection shall, instead of being wholly applied towards discharging the liabilities of the Insurance Commissioners to approved societies in respect of reserve values, be applied in carrying to the Contingencies Fund and the Central Fund hereinafter constituted, amounts calculated in accordance with the provisions of the First Schedule to this Act, and the balance only shall be applied in discharging such liabilities as aforesaid and apportioned amongst societies in manner provided by subsection (4) of the said section:

Provided that if at any time it appears to the National Health Insurance Joint Committee that, after taking into account the necessity of creating a proper reserve, the sums standing to the credit of the Central Fund are more than sufficient for the purposes for which that fund is established, the Committee may by regulations provide for decreasing the amounts to be carried to that fund and making a corresponding increase in the amounts to be carried to the Contingencies Fund.

2. — (1) There shall be established under the control of the Women’s National Health Insurance Joint Committee a fund to be called

the Women’s Equalisation Fund and to be applied in assisting approved societies in meeting their liabilities in respect of the sickness claims of women.

(2) There shall in each year be charged on the Women’s Equalisation Fund and distributed among approved societies in manner provided by a scheme to be made by the National Health Insurance Joint Committee, with the approval of the Treasury, such sum, not exceeding eight shillings in respect of each of the total number (calculated in the prescribed manner) of

Q

214

Ch. 62. National Health Insurance Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 6.

married women who are members of approved societies and who are employed contributors, as may be ascertained in accordance with the said scheme.

(3) Subject as hereinafter provided, there shall in respect of each year be carried to the Women’s Equalisation Fund out of moneys provided by Parliament such sum as will suffice to meet the charges thereon:

Provided that the sum to be carried to the Fund in respect of each of the years nineteen hundred and thirteen, nineteen hundred and fourteen, nineteen hundred and fifteen, and nineteen hundred and sixteen, shall, instead of being provided as aforesaid, be provided out of the moneys voted by Parliament before the commencement of this Act in aid of the provision of sickness benefit for women, and in so far as the moneys so voted are insufficient to meet the aggregate charges on the fund in respect of those four years shall be provided out of the moneys applicable towards discharging the liabilities of the Insurance Commissioners to approved societies in respect of reserve values.

(4) All sums distributed among societies under this section shall be available for the payment of benefits, and shall, for the purposes of section three of the principal Act, be deemed to have been derived from contributions made in respect of contributors notwithstanding that they are derived in whole or in part from moneys provided by Parliament.

Contingencies Fonda and valuation.

3. — (1) The Insurance Commissioners shall periodically apportion amongst the several societies the sums by this Act directed to be carried to the Contingencies Fund in the case of men in proportion to the number of contributions credited in respect of the members of those societies respectively who are men, and the sums by this Act directed to be carried to the Contingencies Fund in the case of women in proportion to the number of contributions credited in respect of the members of those societies respectively who are women, and the sums so apportioned to any society shall, with the proper proportion of the accumulations of interest on the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the fund, form the contingencies fund of the society, and be available for making good any deficiency of the society or of the branches thereof in manner hereinafter appearing, and no part of any surplus of any society or branch disclosed on a valuation shall be applied towards making good any deficiency in any other society or branch.

(2) If on the valuation of a society without branches a deficiency is disclosed, the sums standing to the credit of the contingencies fund of the society shall be applied towards making good the deficiency; and if no deficiency is so disclosed, or if the sums standing to the credit of the contingencies fund are more than sufficient to make good that deficiency, the sums standing to the credit of that fund or the balance thereof shall, subject to the provisions of this section with respect to small societies, be carried to the benefit fund of the society, but

1918.

National Health Insurance Act, 1918. Ch. 62.

216

any amount so carried shall not be treated for the purposes of section thirty-seven of the principal Act as forming part of any surplus found at that valuation.

In this section the expression "benefit fund" means the fund out of which benefits payable by the society or branch are provided.

(3) If on the valuation of any society with branches a deficiency is disclosed in the case of any one or more branches of the society, the central authority of the society shall apply the sums standing to the credit of the contingencies fund of the society towards making good those deficiencies, except that, if satisfied that any part of a deficiency is due to any maladministration by the branch in question, the central authority may, with the consent of the Insurance Commissioners, refuse so to make good at all or in part that part of the deficiency.

If there are no deficiencies, or if the sums standing to the credit of the contingencies fund are more than sufficient to provide for the total amount of the deficiencies made good under the foregoing provision, the fund or the balance of the fund shall, subject to the provisions of this section relating to small societies, be apportioned amongst the several branches in proportion to the amounts paid into the fund in respect of contributions of members of those branches respectively since the commencement of the principal Act, or since the last valuation, as the case may be, but where there was a deficiency in the case of any branch the amount so paid into the fund in respect of contributions of members of that branch shall for the purpose of this provision be deemed to be reduced by the amount (if any) applied towards making good the deficiency.

The amount so apportioned to any branch shall be applied and dealt with as follows: —

(a) If there was a deficiency in the case of the branch and any part thereof was not discharged out of the contingencies fund of the society as being due to maladministration, the amount shall be applied towards making good that deficiency;

(h) Subject as aforesaid the amount shall be carried to the benefit fund of the branch, but any amount so carried shall not be treated for the purposes of section thirty-seven of the principal Act as forming part of any surplus found at that valuation.

(4) Regulations of the National Health Insurance Joint Committee shall provide, in the case of societies which at the date as at which a valuation is made have not joined an association formed or recognised under this section and have less than one thousand members, for applying pro rata to such extent, not exceeding one half, as may be necessary, any balances of the contingencies funds of those societies not required for making good deficiencies in those societies under the foregoing provisions of this section towards making good pro rata the balances of the deficiencies remaining in the case of other such societies after the application of the contingencies

Ch. 62. National Health Insurance, 1918. 7 8 Geo. 5.

funds of those societies in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this section, subject, nevertheless, to the power of the Insurance Commissioners to refuse to allow to be made good either at all or in part any part of any deficiency which in their opinion is due to maladministration:

Provided that the Insurance Commissioners shall exempt from this subsection any society consisting of persons entitled to rights in a superannuation or other provident fund established for the benefit of persons employed by one or more employers, if the employer in addition to the contributions payable by him under Part I. of the principal Act is responsible for the solvency of the fund or for the benefits payable thereout, or is liable to pay a substantial part of, or to make substantial contributions to, or substantially to supplement the benefits payable out of the fund, and this subsection shall not apply to any society so exempted.

(5) The Insurance Commissioners may make regulations providing for the formation within the prescribed time for the purposes of this section of associations with central financial committees, and prescribing the conditions on which, and the time within which, a society shall be entitled or allowed to join, or having joined to secede from, an association, and the manner in which, and the conditions on which, such an association may be dissolved; and those regulations shall provide for recognising as an association formed for the purposes of this section any association which was formed for the purposes for which provision was made by section thirty-nine of the principal Act and was in existence on the first day of January nineteen hundred and eighteen, or which was on that date in the course of being so formed, if in the opinion of the Insurance Commissioners the association is such that they could properly have consented to its formation under the said section.

Where such an association has been formed this section shall, subject to such adaptations as may be prescribed, apply as though the association were a society with branches and the associated societies were the branches of the society and the contingencies funds of the associated societies formed the contingencies fund of the society.

Except so far as relates to the power of refusing to allow any part of a deficiency due to maladministration to be made good out of any contingencies fund, nothing in this subsection shall be construed as conferring on any central financial committee any powers of control over the administration of any society.

If at the date as at which any valuation is made the aggregate number of the members of the societies in any association is less than five thousand, those societies shall, for the purposes of this section, be treated in relation to that valuation as if they had not been associated.

(6) If in the case of a society consisting of persons entitled to rights in a superannuation or other provident fund established for the benefit of persons employed by one or more persons the

1918.

National Health Insurance Act, 1918. Ch. 62.

217

employer is responsible for the solvency of the fund, or for the benefits payable thereout, he shall not, in the event of a deficiency being disclosed on a valuation of the society, be required to make good the deficiency or to make up to their full amount the benefits payable out of the fund except in so far as the contingencies fund of the society is insufficient for the purpose, but save as aforesaid nothing in the provisions of this section shall affect any obligation in relation to such a society undertaken by the employer whereby he becomes responsible for the solvency of the fund or for the benefits payable thereout, or liable to pay a substantial part of or to make substantial contributions to or substantially to supplement the benefits payable out of the fund.

(7) The powers conferred by the proviso to subsection (1) of section sixteen of the National Insurance Act, 1913, may, subject 3*4 Geo. a. to the consideration by the National Health Insurance Joint c-37-Committee of any submission made by the governing body of

the society, be exercised on representations made within six months after the passing of this Act in like manner as they were authorised to be exercised on representations made within six months after the passing of that Act, so, however, that any separation of funds required to be made in consequence of the exercise of the said powers under this section shall not take effect until after the first valuation, and shall be carried out in such maimer as the Committee may direct; and where, on a representation made within six months after the passing of the first-mentioned Act, the National Health Insurance Joint Committee have exercised in respect of a society the powers conferred on them by that proviso, they may, on a representation being made within six months after the passing of this Act, reverse their decision, if they are satisfied in manner provided by that proviso that the members of the society resident in the part of the United Kingdom affected desire the decision to be reversed, and that the governing body of the society assent thereto.

(8) The normal intervals between valuations of societies shall be five instead of three years.

4. — (1) There shall be established under the control of the Central Fund. National Health Insurance Joint Committee a fund to be called the Central Fund, to which shall be carried in respect of each year, beginning with the year nineteen hundred and seventeen, out of moneys provided by Parliament, the sum of one hundred and fifty thousand pounds, together with the sums which under this Act are directed to be carried to that fund, and all accumulations of interest on the money for the time being standing to the credit of that fund.

(2) If on the valuation of any society or any branch of a society, the society or branch is found in deficiency, and the sums in any contingencies funds available to make good that deficiency are not sufficient, the Committee, if satisfied that the deficiency is due in whole or in part to an abnormal rate of

218

Ch. 62. National Health Insurance Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Minor amendments.

Operation of Parti.

Qualifications for becoming, and rate of contribution payable by, voluntary contributors.

sickness amongst the members of the society or branch attributable to the nature of their employment or environment or their physical condition or any epidemic disease, or is due to the rate of sickness being abnormal by reason of the small membership of the society or branch or is due to any other special cause beyond the control of the society or branch may, out of the Central Fund, make good the whole or any part of the deficiency not so made good as aforesaid.

(3) For the purpose of determining whether the claim of any society or branch for relief out of the fund should be granted, the Committee shall, if so requested by the society or in the case of a branch by the central authority of the society, appoint an independent body, constituted in accordance with regulations made by the Committee, to investigate the circumstances to which the deficiency was attributable, and in determining whether and to what extent relief should be granted out of the fund to the society or branch shall have regard to the report of such investigating body.

5. The amendments specified in the second column of the Second Schedule to this Act, which relate to minor details, shall be made in the provisions of the principal Act specified in the first column of that Schedule.

6. Save as otherwise expressly provided this Part of this Act shall be deemed to have had effect as from the commencement of the principal Act, and accordingly the principal Act shall be deemed always to have had effect subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act.

Part II.

General Amendment.

7. — (1) The persons not employed within the meaning of Part I. of the principal Act, who are entitled to be or become voluntary contributors under Part I. of the principal Act shall instead of being the persons specified in subsection (3) of section one of that Act be the following persons, that is to say:—

(a) All persons who, having been employed within the

meaning of Part I. of the principal Act and insured as employed contributors for a period, whether continuous or not, of one hundred and four weeks or upwards, have ceased, whether before or after the commencement of this Act, to be employed* contributors, and who give notice within the prescribed time and in the prescribed manner that they desire to become voluntary contributors; and

(b) All persons engaged in any excepted employment as

respects whom the Insurance Commissioners are satisfied that in the special circumstances they should be allowed to be voluntary contributors; and

1918.

National Health Insurance Act, 1918. Ch. 62.

219

(c) All persons who were insured as voluntary contributors on the first day of January nineteen hundred and eighteen, or Who having at any previous time been insured* as voluntary contributors ceased to be so insured by reason of becoming employed contributors and were insured persons at that date, and have in either case since that date continued to be insured persons.

(2) The contributions payable by voluntary contributors shall be payable at the employed rate and shall be paid at weekly or other prescribed intervals:

Provided that in the case of a voluntary contributor resident in Great Britain who is not entitled to receive medical benefit, the weekly contribution which would otherwise have been payable shall be reduced by one penny halfpenny, and there shall be credited to the society of which such a voluntary contributor is a member, or if he is a deposit contributor to the Deposit Contributors Fund, the difference between the amount of the contributions actually paid by him at the reduced rate and the amount which would have been paid if those contributions had been at the full rate, and the amount of that difference shall be treated as having been expended on benefits and the proper proportion thereof shall accordingly be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(3) For the purposes of the provisions of Part I. of the principal Act relating to reserve values, all persons who being members of an approved society were insured as voluntary contributors on the date aforesaid, and who continue to be so insured and to be members of an approved society after the passing of this Act, shall be deemed to have joined that society at the commencement of this Act, and subject to the existing transfer values of those persons reserve values shall be credited to societies accordingly, and the words "other than a voluntary " contributor who entered into insurance within sixty-five weeks " after the commencement of this Act and at the date of that " entry was of the age of forty-five years or upwards" in subsection (3) of section fifty-five of the principal Act, as amended by section two of the National Insurance Act, 1913, are hereby repealed, and that section shall as from the commencement of this Act be construed and have effect accordingly.

8. Where any person who is or may thereafter be employed within the meaning of Part I. of the principal Act proves that he has not been so employed for the prescribed number of weeks during any prescribed period, he shall be entitled to an exemption certificate under section two of that Act.

9. Where under the provisions of the principal Act any part of the contribution payable in respect of an employed contributor is payable out of moneys provided by Parliament, the

Exemption (or persona intermittently employed.

Payment of contribution s payable in respect of low-wage earners.

220

Cfl. 62. National Health Insurance Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Rate of employer’s contribution in case of employee holding certificate of exemption

Conditions for receipt of maternity benefit.

Amendments with respect to sickness benefit.

amount so payable shall be paid in the first instance by the employer, and every employer who proves to the satisfaction of the Insurance Commissioners within the prescribed time that he has paid any sums in pursuance of the foregoing provision shall on making application in the prescribed manner be entitled to be repaid those amounts by the Commissioners:

Provided that if and so long as any special arrangements made by the Irish Insurance Commissioners are in force in Ireland with respect to the collection of contributions payable in respect of out-workers, the provisions of this section shall apply as regards the employers of out-workers in Ireland with such modifications as may be prescribed.

10. — (1) Contributions payable by an employer under subsection (4) of section four of the principal Act shall in every case except where the person employed is a master, seaman, or apprentice to the sea service or the sea fishing service, serving on a foreign-going ship or a ship engaged in regular trade on foreign stations, be at the rate of three pence per week instead of at the rate payable under the provisions of that subsection.

(2) In the application of this section to Ireland two pence halfpenny shall be substituted for three pence.

11. Paragraph (d) of subsection (8) of section eight of the principal Act (which relates to the conditions for receipt of maternity benefit), shall, as respects persons entering into insurance after the passing of this Act, have effect as if for the words "twenty-six or in the case of a voluntary contributor fifty-two weeks " there were substituted the words "forty-two weeks, " and as if for the words "twenty-six or in the case of a voluntary " contributor fifty-two weekly contributions " there were substituted the words "forty-two weekly contributions."

12. — (1) Unless and until one hundred and four weeks have elapsed since the entry of an insured person into insurance and at least one hundred and four weekly contributions have been paid by or in respect of that person, the rate of sickness benefit to which that person shall be entitled shall, subject to the provisions of any regulations made by the Insurance Commissioners for allowing a higher rate to such classes of persons, being persons who entered into insurance before the commencement of this Act, as may be prescribed, be in the case of a man six shillings a week, and in the case of a woman five shillings a week, instead of the rates specified in Table A. of Part I. of the Fourth Schedule to the principal Act.

(2) Where an insured person who claims to be entitled to sickness or disablement benefit fails to give notice of the disease or disablement within three days from the commencement thereof, benefit shall in his case, subject as hereinafter provided, commence only on the day following the date on which the notice is given, or, if the disease or disablement is under the

1918.

National Health Insurance Act, 1918. Ch. 62.

221

provisions of subsection (5) of section eight of the principal Act deemed to be a continuation of a previous disease or disablement, on the day next but one before that date:

Provided that if in the case of any insured person the society or committee administering the benefit are satisfied, or if in the case of a dispute it is decided in manner provided by the principal Act, that in the circumstances of the case he was not reasonably able to give notice either before the date on which it was in fact given, or before some earlier date being a date more than three days after the commencement of the incapacity, he shall be entitled to benefit commencing on the fourth day of the incapacity or, in the case of a disease or disablement which is deemed as aforesaid to be a continuation of a previous disease or disablement, commencing on the first day of the incapacity, so, however, that where the insured person only proves inability to give notice before some date earlier than tie date on which notice was in fact given he shall not be entitled to benefit for the period commencing on the day next after that earlier date and ending on the date of the notice.

For the purposes of this subsection notice sent by post shall be deemed to have been given on the day on which the letter containing the notice was posted.

(3) Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in any rule of an approved society or branch of such society, an insured unmarried woman who is pregnant shall not on the ground that her pregnancy was due to misconduct be deprived of any sickness or disablement benefit to which she would but for that provision have been entitled.

(4) Subsection (2) of section nine of the principal Act is hereby repealed.

13. — (1) Where an insured person, being a member of an Position of in-approved society, ceases to be employed within the meaning of 8ure^np^°^8 Part I. of the principal Act, he shall, for a period of twelve ^loyed or months commencing next after the end of the week in which he *° P*y contn-ceased to be so employed, for all purposes remain an insured voluntary person, and shall, until the termination of the year in which he contributors, ceases to be an insured person be entitled to receive medical benefit and sanatorium benefit as if he had continued to be an insured person and a member of an approved society:

Provided that where any such person ceases to be employed as aforesaid by reason of entering on some prescribed class of occupation in connection with the war, not being employment within the meaning of Part 1. of the principal Act (in this section referred to as" war occupation ") or by reason of being interned in an enemy country as a prisoner of war or otherwise, he shall, subject to such conditions with respect to payment of contributions and otherwise as may be prescribed, regain an insured person until two months after the termination of the war occupation or internment, as the case may be, or until the

222

Ch. 6?. National Health Insurance, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

expiration of twelve months from the date on which he ceased to be employed as aforesaid, whichever date is the later.

(2) Where an employed contributor in respect of whom less than one hundred and four weekly contributions have been paid ceases to be employed within the meaning of Part I. of the principal Act, he shall, if he proves to the approved society of which he is a member, or if in the case of dispute it is decided in manner provided by the principal Act, that he is or was unemployed owing either to incapacity for work due to some specific disease or bodily or mental disablement or inability to obtain employment, be entitled, within and in respect of the prescribed time, to pay contributions in respect of the period of unemployment.

(3) A voluntary contributor being a member of an approved society shall remain for all purposes an insured person fora period of twelve months commencing next after the end of the week in respect of which the last contribution paid by him as a voluntary contributor was paid, and shall, until the termination of the year in which he ceases to be an insured person, be entitled to receive medical benefit and sanatorium benefit as if he had continued to be an insured person and a member of an approved society.

(4) In calculating for the purposes of this section the said period of twelve months no account shall be taken of any period during which the person who has so ceased to be employed or to pay contributions is rendered incapable of work by reason of some specific disease or by bodily or mental disablement of which notice has been given within the prescribed time.

(5) Where any person has ceased to be an insured person he shall, if he subsequently becomes employed within the meaning of Part I. of the principal Act, be treated as if he had not previously been an insured person.

(6) Where any person having been insured as an employed contributor at any time within twelve months before the date of the commencement of this Act ceased to be employed within the meaning of Part I. of the principal Act before that date, or where any person having been insured as any employed contributor at any time since the thirty-first day of July, nineteen hundred and fourteen, ceased before the commencement of this Act to be employed within the meaning of Part I. of the principal Act by reason of entering on war occupation or by reason of being interned as aforesaid, this Act shall apply to him as though it had been in force on the date when he so ceased to be employed, so, however, that such a person shall not, by virtue of this section, be treated as having been entitled to any benefits during any period before the commencement of this Act.

an brovedP 14. — (1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, every member

sodet?es.Ve of an approved society shall be entitled, on giving the prescribed

notice and on complying with the prescribed conditions, to

1918.

National Health Insurance, 1918. Ch. 62.

223

terminate his membership of the society and become a member of another society or a deposit contributor:

Provided that —

(a) No person shall be entitled to terminate his membership except as at the prescribed times, and the prescribed times shall be so fixed as to give opportunities for terminating membership at intervals not greater than twenty-seven weeks;

(h) If an approved society, within thirty days after receiving notice from any member that he desires to terminate his membership, gives notice to the Insurance Commissioners and to the member that it objects to his so doing, and proves to the satisfaction of the Commissioners that the society would be prejudiced in its administration by the retirement of the member, the Commissioners may if in the circumstances of the case and having regard to the interests of the insured person they think it proper so to do, declare the notice cancelled, and in such case the member shall remain a member of the society as if no notice had been given;

(c) Subject to the consent of the Insurance Commissioners

any approved society may, during any period not exceeding one year from the date on which the result of a valuation is declared, suspend except in any specified circumstances the right of insured persons who are members of the society to terminate their membership;

(d) If it appears to the Insurance Commissioners at any

time as regards any society that, having regard to the interests of the society as a whole, it is not desirable that individual members of the society should be allowed to terminate their membership thereof and that the circumstances are such that the engagements of the society ought to be transferred to another society, they may declare the right of termination of membership to be suspended, and while any such declaration is in force no person shall, except with the consent of the Commissioners, terminate his membership of that society;

(e) A member of an approved society on terminating his

membership shall, unless he is a person who entered into insurance within the two years immediately preceding the date on which he gave notice of desire to terminate membership, and has not previously been transferred from some other approved society, pay to the society the prescribed fee.

(2) Where an insured person duly ceases to be a member of one approved society and becomes a member of another approved society, there shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, be

224

Ch. 62. National Health Insurance, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

transferred to that other society in respect of that person a sum (in this Act called " transfer value ") representing the liability under Part I. of the principal Act of the first-mentioned society in respect of that person (exclusive of any liability to provide additional benefits), and calculated in accordance with tables to be prepared by the Insurance Commissioners.

(3) The foregoing provisions of this section shall apply to the termination of membership of a branch of an approved society in like manner as they apply to the termination of membership of an approved society, subject to the following modifications: —

(i) In the case of a person desiring to terminate his membership of a branch for the purpose of transferring to another branch of the same society, proviso subsection (1) of this section shall have effect with the substitution of the central authority of the society for the Insurance Commissioners and proviso (e) to the said subsection shall not apply unless the rules of the society so provide; and

(ii) The power under proviso (c) to the said subsection shall be exercised by the central authority of the society subject to the consent of the Insurance Commissioners.

(4) If any officer, servant, or agent of an approved society directly or indirectly pays or provides, or offers to pay or provide, any fee or part of any fee payable under this section, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(5) Any person being a member of an approved society to whom a certificate of exemption is granted under section two of the principal Act, or who ceases to be an insured person, shall upon the grant of the certificate or on so ceasing, as the case may be, cease to be a member of the society:

Provided that if any person within one year after so ceasing to be a member of a society becomes an employed contributor, he shall on making an application for the purpose within the prescribed time be entitled to be re-admitted as a member of the society, and the society shall re-admit him accordingly.

This subsection shall apply to any person to whom such a certificate has been granted before, or who having previously been insured is not an insured person at the date of, the commencement of this Act as if the certificate had been granted or he had ceased to be an insured person on the date of the commencement of this Act.

(6) If any approved society, to whom or to whose duly appointed agent being a person receiving applications for admission to the society any person not being a member of any approved society delivers an application in proper form for admission to the society, does not within a period of three months after the date on which the application is so delivered

1918.

National Health Insurance, 1918. Ch. 62.

225

deliver or send by post to that person a notification that his application has been rejected, that person shall be deemed as on the date of delivery of the application to have been admitted a member of the society.

15. — (1) If an insured person, being a member of an Transfer values approved society, ceases to be an insured person, his transfer

value shall be carried to a special fund to be called, and in this insurance.

Act referred to as, the Reserve Suspense Fund.

(2) The Insurance Commissioners may make regulations generally with respect to the administration of the Reserve Suspense Fund, and shall by those regulations provide that the fund shall be kept in two parts, the one relating to the transfer values of insured persons being men, and the other relating to the transfer values of insured persons being women, and that the reserve values to be credited in any year to approved societies in respect of persons joining such societies for the purposes of Part I. of the principal Act, or such portion of those reserve values as may be prescribed, shall be provided out of the sums standing in that year to the credit of the Reserve Suspense Fund instead of in manner provided by section fifty-five of the principal Act, and the balance of those sums remaining after providing for reserve values shall be dealt with and applied in such manner as may be prescribed.

The provisions of subsections (3) and (4) of section fifty-four of the principal Act which require the Insurance Commissioners to ascertain what sums standing in the National Health Insurance Fund are available for investment and which regulate the investment of the amount so ascertained and the crediting of interest on investments shall apply to sums standing in the Reserve Suspense Fund as they apply to sums standing in the National Health Insurance Fund.

(3) All sums which having been carried to the credit of the Lapsed Transfer Values Account in. pursuance of the regulations made under paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section forty-three of the principal Act are standing to the credit of that account at the commencement of this Act, together with any accumulations of interest, shall be transferred to and form part of the Reserve Suspense Fund and that account shall be closed.

(4) Subject to such modifications and exceptions as may be prescribed the principal Act shall be deemed always to have had effect subject to the provisions of this section.

16. — (1) If an insured person, being a member of an Transfer from approved society, ceases to be a member of that society and becomes a deposit contributor, there shall be carried to his credit deposit in-in the Deposit Contributors Fund such sum as represents, in the opinion of the Insurance Commissioners, the value of the con- vlce ver88’ tributions paid by or in respect of him, regard being had in making the calculation to his age and the period during which

he has been insured, and a sum equal to the amount, if any,

226

Ch. 62. National Health Insurance Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

by which his transfer value exceeds the sum so carried to the Deposit Contributors Fund shall be carried to the Reserve Suspense Fund, and so far as that sum represents outstanding reserve value it shall be cancelled.

(2) If an insured person, being a deposit contributor, subsequently becomes a member of an approved society, the amount standing to his credit in the Deposit Contributors Fund shall be carried to the Reserve Suspense Fund, and there shall be charged to that fund and credited to the society a sum representing the amount which would have been the amount of his transfer value iif he had been a member of an approved society instead of a deposit contributor.

Any person so becoming a member of an approved society shall for the purpose of any regulations made under this Act with respect to the benefits of persons in arrears be treated subject to the prescribed modifications as if he had been a ‘ member of an approved society since the date of his entry into insurance.

Administration accounts and expenses, and raising of levies.

59 & 60 Vict. c. 25.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 31.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 22.

66 & 57 Vict. c. 39.

17. Notwithstanding anything in Part I. of the principal Act, the Insurance Commissioners may make regulations —

(a) authorising any approved society, being a society regis-

tered under the Friendly Societies Act, 1896, under the Trade Unions Acts, 1871 and 1876, or under the Industrial and Provident Societies Act, 1893, which carries on other business (hereinafter referred to as " private business ") as well as business under Part I. of the principal Act (hereinafter referred to as " state business "), with the consent of the Insurance Commissioners and subject to any prescribed conditions as to audit or otherwise, either to keep a joint account for the purpose of the administration expenses of both the private business and the state business, or for the purpose of some -part of those expenses or to pay out of the funds standing to the credit of the administration account kept by the society in respect of the state business to the account kept by the society in respect of its private business any sum not exceeding the prescribed amount, upon the terms that all or some part of the administration expenses in connection with the state business shall be defrayed out of the funds standing to the credit of the account kept in respect of the private business, and providing that the provisions of section thirty-five of the principal Act with respect to audit shall not apply in any such case; and

(b) imposing on members of any society who fail to pay

within the prescribed time any levy which they are liable to pay such penalty by way of reduction, postponement, or suspension of benefits as may be prescribed by the regulations, and providing for the

1918.

227

National Health Insurance Act, 1918. Ch. 62.

necessary adjustments in the accounts of the society; and

(c) authorising, subject to compliance with the prescribed conditions, the carrying forward to the administration account of a subsequent year any deficiency on an administration account which is shown to the satisfaction of the Insurance Commissioners to have arisen out of conditions connected with the present war and to be such as could not reasonably have been prevented without prejudicing the efficiency or welfare of the society; and

(d) authorising any sums paid by an approved society as on account of benefits to or on behalf of persons not lawfully entitled thereto so far as not recovered to be treated, to such extent and subject to such conditions as may be prescribed, as expenditure on benefits, and providing for charging to the administration account of societies any sums so improperly paid as aforesaid, and neither authorised to be treated as benefits as aforesaid nor recovered; and

(e) extending to the branches of approved societies with or without modification the provisions of any regulations made under this section with respect to approved societies:

Provided that as regards the matters specified in paragraphs (a) and (d) of this section, the power of the Insurance Commissioners to make regulations shall be subject to the consent of the Treasury.

18. — (1) The Insurance Commissioners may make regulations —

(a) providing, subject to the provisions of this section, for

the reduction, postponement, or suspension of benefits (other than medical or sanatorium benefit) in the case of insured persons who are in arrears, and with respect to the effect and amount of payments made and to be made by insured persons by way of cancelling arrears, and any regulations with respect to the matters aforesaid may make with respect to voluntary contributors provisions differing from those made with respect to employed contributors; and

(b) empowering approved societies to terminate the mem-

bership of any person, being a voluntary contributor, whose arrears during the prescribed period exceed the prescribed number, or of any person, being an employed contributor, whose arrears during the prescribed period exceed the prescribed number, and who is entitled to obtain a certificate of exemption under section two of the principal Act as being a person intermittently employed; and

Arrears of

contributions.

228

Ch. 62. National Health Insurance, 1918. 7 & & Geo. 5.

(c) prescribing the date to which any contribution paid by a voluntary contributor who is in arrears is to be allocated, and providing that for any prescribed pur-, poses any such contribution shall be deemed to have

been paid on the date to which it is allocated.

(2) For the purpose of any regulations made under this section, any person who has not been employed within the meaning of Part I. of the principal Act for at least the prescribed period in each of two consecutive years, and who for a substantial part of the period during which he was not so employed in each such year was not so employed for some reason other than incapacity for work due to some specific disease or bodily or mental disablement of which notice has been given within the prescribed time or inability to obtain employment within the meaning of Part I. of the principal Act, shall be deemed to be a voluntary contributor.

(3) In calculating arrears of contributions, no account shall be taken of arrears accruing —

(a) during any period during which the person in question was incapable of work by reason of some specific disease or of bodily or mental disablement of which notice was given within the prescribed time; or

(b) in the case of a woman who is herself an insured person, during two weeks before and four weeks after her confinement, or in the case of maternity benefit payable in respect of the posthumous child of an insured person, during the period subsequent to the father’s death.

(4) Where the amount of any arrears which accrued due before the passing of this Act in respect of an employed contributor has been reduced in pursuance of the provisions of subsection (1) of section 7 of the National Insurance Act, 1913, no part of any sum paid on account of those arrears shall be retained by the Insurance Commissioners for the purpose of discharging their liabilities in respect of reserve values or otherwise as in this Act provided.

(5) Section seven of the National Insurance Act, 1913, is hereby repealed, and subsection (2) of that section shall be deemed never to have had effect.

8Auenofmdncf — (1) Any society or committee which in pursuance of

pal Act.prmCl subsection (3) of section eleven of the principal Act has made or intends to make advances to an insured person may give notice thereof in the prescribed form to the person liable to pay the compensation or damages, and if such notice is given the person so liable shall, on demand and on being furnished with the prescribed proof of the amount of the advances made, repay to the society or committee, up to the amount which he is liable to pay as compensation or damages, less such part, if any, of that amount as he has already duly paid at the time of receiving the notice aforesaid, the amount advanced, and the receipt of

1918.

' National Health Insurance Act, 1918. Ch. 62* -29

the society or committee shall, up to the amount of the repayment, be a full and valid discharge to that person in respect of the compensation or damages payable by him to the insured person:

Provided that if the person so liable to pay compensation or damages gives to the society or committee by which such notice as aforesaid is given notice in the prescribed form that he intends to pay or that he has paid compensation or damages, he shall not be under any obligation to make any repayment in respect of any advance made after the date of the payment of the compensation or damages or after the time at which the notice so given by him is received by the society or committee, whichever is the later.

(2) Where an insured person has recovered compensation in respect of any injury or disease and in fixing the amount of the weekly payment regard was had to any such payment, allowance, or benefit as is mentioned in paragraph (3) of the First Schedule to the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 6 Edw.7. c. 68. 1906, or where an insured person who is entitled to receive or recover but has not received or recovered any such compensation is in receipt of any such payment, allowance, or benefit as aforesaid, the weekly value of that payment, allowance, or benefit, as determined by the society or committee, or in the case of a dispute as determined in manner provided by the principal Act, shall in computing under subsection (1) of the said section eleven what part of the benefit is to be paid to the insured person, be added to the weekly sum payable by way of compensation or be treated as being a weekly sum payable by way of compensation, as the case may be, and taken into account accordingly:

Provided that no account shall be taken of any such payment, allowance, or benefit so far as the weekly value thereof, together with the weekly sum (if any) or the weekly value of the lump sum (if any) paid or payable by way of compensation, exceeds the amount of the weekly payment which the insured person would, if there had been no such payment, allowance, or benefit, have been entitled to receive or recover by way of compensation under the said Act.

20. — (1) The following subsection shall be substituted for Amendment of subsection (2) of section twelve of the principal Act: — ^rtocon-

" (2) During such period as aforesaid the sum which tribjlt|[J^Bho would otherwise have been payable on account of any such JPhoepitaiJ benefit to or in respect of any such person as aforesaid — &c.

"(a) If that person has any dependants, may at the discretion of the society or committee administering the benefit, but after consultation whenever possible with that person, be applied wholly or in part for the advantage of, or be paid wholly or in part to, those dependants; and

R

230

Ch. 62. 'National Health Insurance Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

" (b)So far as not applied under the preceding provision, or if that person has no dependants, and if in any case he so authorises, may be applied at the discretion of the society or committee administering the benefit towards defraying any expenses for which he may be or become liable otherwise than to the institution while he is such an inmate as aforesaid, and in so far as not so applied may at the discretion of the society or committee be paid in whole or in part to the institution of which he is an inmate, unless that institution is a workhouse, poor law infirmary, asylum, or other similar institution, maintained out of public funds, or, if he is an inmate in receipt of sanatorium benefit, is a sanatorium in which treatment under this Part of this Act is provided:

" Provided that —

" (i) If such an inmate as aforesaid is a married woman or a widow, and the sums so payable or applicable as aforesaid include the sums which would have been payable both on account of maternity benefit payable in lieu of sickness or disablement benefit and on account of maternity benefit not so payable, no part of the sum which would otherwise be payable on account of that last-mentioned maternity benefit shall be paid to or applied for the relief or maintenance of her dependants, but the whole or any part thereof may be paid to the institution of which she is an inmate in the same manner as if she had no dependants;

" (ii) Where any person who is entitled to any benefit under this Part of this Act applies for admission to any workhouse infirmary, or in Scotland to any poorhouse hospital, or the sick ward of any poorhouse, admission thereto shall not be refused solely on the grounds of the right to that benefit."

(2) At the end of subsection (2) of the said section twelve the following subsections shall be added: —

" (3) Any sum which but for the provisions of this section would have been payable to any person on account of sickness, disablement, or maternity benefit shall, if and so far as it is not paid or applied during such a period as aforesaid in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this section, be paid in cash to that person after he has left the institution, and either in a lump sum or in instalments at the discretion of the society or committee

1918.

231

National Health Insurance, 1918. Ch. 62.

administering the benefit, or if that person dies in the institution shall be deemed to form part of his estate.

" (4) Where any sum, which but for the provisions of this section would have been payable on account of sickness or disablement benefit, hias been paid or applied in accordance with those provisions, that sum shall be treated as a payment in respect of sickness or disablement benefit as the case may be."

21. — (1) Where on a valuation made under section thirty- Provisions as six of the principal Act a deficiency has been found in the case fr0£"^riet of any approved society or any branch of an approved society, in°ca»e o?1* 7 and a scheme for making good the deficiency has been made deficiency, under section thirty-eight of that Act, no insured person who

was a member of the society or branch at the date as at which the valuation was made shall be entitled, till the deficiency has been made good, to be transferred from that society or branch to another society or to any branch of the same society, except on payment to the Insurance Commissioners at the time of his transfer, to be credited to the first-mentioned society or branch, of an amount to be ascertained in the prescribed manner equal to the capitalised value of any levy which would have been payable by him, or of any reduction of benefits to which he would have been liable, if he had not ceased to be a member of that society or branch.

(2) If any insured person ceases to be a member of any approved society or any branch of an approved society at any time between the date as at which a valuation of the society or branch is made (being a valuation on which a deficiency is subsequently found), and the date on which the scheme for making good the deficiency comes into operation, and becomes a member of some other society or branch, he shall on demand pay to the Insurance Commissioners to be credited to the first-mentioned society or branch such an amount as he would have been required to pay if he had remained a member of that society or branch and were about to be transferred to another society or branch, and if he fails to do so, he shall be subject to such reduction, suspension, or postponement of benefits as may be prescribed, and the necessary adjustments shall be made in the accounts of the societies or branches concerned.

22. — (1) Where a woman being an insured person and a Special promember of an approved society marries, she shall, if she had ion* tb before the date of her marriage ceased, or if at any time within

twelve months after the date of her marriage she ceases to be a women, person whose normal occupation is employment, cease as from that time (hereinafter referred to as "the date of unemployment ") to be entitled to the benefits to which she would otherwise have been entitled under the provisions of the principal Act, and in lieu thereof she shall, subject to the provisions of that Act, be entitled to the following benefits, that is to say, to sickness benefit at the

Ch. 62. National Health Insurance Act, 1918. 7 8 Geo. 5.

rate of five shillings a week for not more than six weeks in the period of twelve months commencing next after the date of unemployment, or if the date of unemployment was anterior to the date of her marriage, within so much of that period as is subsequent to her marriage, to maternity benefit of thirty shillings in respect of her first confinement after the date of unemployment and within two years of the date of her marriage, and to medical and sanatorium benefits until the termination of the year next following the year in which she ceased to be such *a person as aforesaid, and she shall until the expiration of two years from the date of her marriage remain an insured person.

(2) For the purposes of this section a woman shall be deemed to have ceased to be a person whose normal occupation is employment as soon as she has been unemployed for eight consecutive weeks commencing next after the week in which she ceased to be employed:

Provided that a woman, who is or was unemployed by reason of incapacity for work in respect of which she has received, or but for any disentitling provisions of the principal Act would have received, sickness or disablement benefit, shall not be deemed to have ceased to be a person whose normal occupation is employment until the expiration of eight weeks commencing next after the end of the last week in which she was, or would have been as aforesaid, in receipt of such benefit.

(3) If a woman, after becoming entitled to benefits by virtue of the preceding provisions of this section, becomes employed before she ceases to be an insured person, she shall be treated as if she had become insured for the first time on the date on which she so becomes employed:

Provided that no woman shall, by reason only of so becoming employed, be deprived of any benefit to which she would, but for the provisions of this subsection, have been entitled unless and until she becomes entitled to corresponding benefit by virtue of her new insurance.

(4) No married woman shall, during her coverture, be entitled to be a voluntary contributor, and any woman who is, at the commencement of this Act, a voluntary contributor under the terms of subsection (2) of section forty-four of the principal Act, shall cease to be such a contributor and an insured person and to be entitled to the benefits mentioned in that subsection, and in lieu thereof shall be entitled to receive by way of benefit payment of a sum of forty shillings:

Provided that —

(a) nothing in this provision shall prevent a married woman who has been employed for at least the prescribed number of weeks in any period being deemed to be a voluntary contributor for the purpose of any regulations made under this Act with respect to the benefits of persons in arrears; and

1918.

National Health Insurance, 1918. Ch. 62.

(b) where any woman who is a voluntary contributor under the terms of the said subsection (2) is, at the commencement of this Act, in receipt of sickness or disablement benefit, she shall continue to be entitled to sickness or disablement benefit so long as the incapacity continues, and the said sum of forty shillings shall become payable only on the expiration of a period of eight weeks commencing next after the date when the incapacity ceases.

(5) Where any woman being an insured person and a member of an approved society marries, the prescribed sum shall be transferred from the credit of the society to the credit of the Reserve Suspense Fund, and all moneys which are, at the commencement of this Act, standing to the credit of the Married Women’s Suspense Account mentioned in section forty-four of the principal Act shall be carried to the credit of the Reserve Suspense Fund, and the said account shall be closed.

(6) Where any woman, being an insured person and a member of an approved society, marries, and after her marriage continues to be or becomes an employed contributor, the appropriate reserve value shall be credited to the society in respect of her as if she were a person joining the society.

(7) The Insurance Commissioners may make regulations providing for such financial adjustments between approved societies and the Reserve Suspense Fund as appear necessary in order to place the societies and the fund respectively in the position in which they would have been if the two last preceding subsections of this section had come into force on the commencement of the principal Act instead of on the commencement of this Act.

(8) Where any married woman is, at the commencement of this Act, entitled to have any sum applied for her benefit under the terms of the proviso to subsection (2) of section forty-four of the principal Act, and that sum or any part thereof remains unexpended on the first day of January nineteen hundred and nineteen, that sum or the unexpended part thereof shall, instead of being applied as aforesaid, be paid to her in cash on that date, and she shall as on that date cease to be an insured person:

Provided that if any cash payment so required to be made is not made before the first day of January nineteen hundred and twenty, an amount equal to the sum to be paid shall be transferred from the credit of the society to the Reserve Suspense Fund.

(9) In the case of any woman being a voluntary contributor who marries, this section shall apply as though the date of her marriage were the date of unemployment.

(10) Subject as aforesaid, the provisions of Part I. of the principal Act shall apply to a woman who has been married, both during and after her coverture, as if she had never been married.

234

Ch. 62. National Health Insurance Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Repeal of s. 45 of principal Act.

Amendment of 8. 46 of principal Act.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 78.

(11) In the application of this section to Ireland for the words "for not more than six weeks in the period of twelve " months commencing next after the date of unemployment ’’ there shall be substituted the words "for not more than eight " weeks in the period between the date of unemployment and " the date of the completion of the second year of marriage."

(12) It shall be the duty of every woman, being an insured person and a member of an approved society, who marries, to give notice of her marriage to her society within eight weeks thereof, and if an approved society pays to any married woman who has failed to give notice in accordance with the foregoing provision any sum by way of sickness benefit in excess of the amount properly payable to that married woman, the society shall, if it was not aware of her marriage, be entitled to deduct the amount so paid in excess from the amount of any benefits subsequently payable to her.

(13) In this section the expression "employment" means employment within the meaning of Part I. of the principal Act, and the expression "employed " and " unemployed " shall be construed accordingly.

23. — (1) Section forty-five of the principal Act (which makes special provisions as to aliens), shall cease to have effect, and as from the commencement of this Act Part I. of the principal Act shall, subject as may be prescribed, apply to all persons who are not British subjects in the same manner as it applies to persons who are British subjects.

(2) For the purpose of the provisions of Part I. of the principal Act relating to reserve values, all persons who were immediately before the commencement of this Act persons to whom the said section forty-five applied and members of an approved society shall be deemed to have joined that society at the commencement of this Act, and, subject to the existing transfer values of those persons, reserve values shall be credited to societies accordingly.

24. — (1) The following provision shall be substituted for subsection (1) of section forty-six of the principal Act (which makes special provision with respect to persons in the naval and military service of the Crown): —

" For the purpose of providing seamen, marines, and soldiers with such benefits during their term of service and after their return to civil life as are hereinafter in this section mentioned, there shall be paid to the Insurance Commissioners by the Admiralty and Army Council respectively, out of the moneys provided by Parliament for navy and army services, in respect of every seaman and marine within the meaning of the Naval and Marine Pay and Pensions Act, 1865, and of every soldier of the regular forces (not being a soldier of His Majesty's Indian Forces, of the Royal Malta Artillery or a native soldier of any regiment raised outside the United Kingdom),

1918.

National Health Insurance Act, 1918. Ch. 62.

235

if such seaman, marine, or soldier is a member of an approved society, a sum of threepence in respect of each week or part of a week for which he receives pay, and, if such seaman, marine, or soldier is not a member of an approved society, such sum per week as may be prescribed:

Provided that —

(a) the number of the persons in respect of whom payments are to be made under the foregoing provision shall be ascertained in such manner, and the sums to be paid thereunder shall be paid to the Insurance Commissioners in such manner and at such dates in each year as shall be agreed between the Insurance Commissioners and the Admiralty and the Army Council respectively; and

(b) no payment shall be made in respect of any seaman, marine, or soldier who has completed the period of his first engagement and has re-engaged for pension and who gives notice within the prescribed time that he does not desire that the provisions of this section should apply to him; and

(c) the Admiralty and the Army Council respectively shall recover by-deduction from the pay of seamen, marines, and soldiers in respect of sums paid under this section such amount not exceeding one penny halfpenny in respect of each weekly contribution as they may think fit.

(2) The Insurance Commissioners shall, out of the sums paid to them by the Admiralty and Army Council under this section, retain towards discharging their liabilities in respect of reserve values under Part I. of the principal Act or for the purpose of being applied otherwise as in this Act provided, the like amount as if each seaman, marine, and soldier in respect of whom a payment is made, were an employed contributor and a member of an approved society, and subsection (3) of section fifty-five of the principal Act shall have effect as if references therein to approved societies included a reference to the Navy and Army Insurance Fund.

Subject as aforesaid, the Insurance Commissioners shall credit periodically to the approved societies of which the seamen, marines, and soldiers are members the proper proportion of the balance of those sums, and shall credit the residue of those sums to the Navy and Army Insurance Fund.

(3) For the purposes of subsection (2) of section sixteen and of subsection (1) of section seventeen of the principal Act a person to whom section forty-six of the principal Act applies shall be deemed to be an insured person and to be resident in such county or county borough as may be prescribed:

Provided that such sum as may be prescribed shall for the purposes of the said subsection (2) of section sixteen be substituted as respects any person to whom the said section forty-six applies for the sum of one shilling and threepence.

236

Ch. 62. National Health Insurance Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Application of National Health Insurance Acte to men of the Air Force.

Repeal of s. 47 of principal Act.

(4) The following provision shall be substituted for the words in subsection (2) of section forty-six of the principal Act from the commencement of that subsection to the end of paragraph (i): —

" A seaman, marine, or soldier, who is a member of an approved society shall for the purposes of this Part of this Act be treated as if he had been employed within the meaning of this Part of this Act, and a contribution had been paid in respect of him for each week from the date of his entry or enlistment to the date of his discharge, subject, until his discharge, to the following modifications: — "

(5) The following provision shall be substituted for the words in subsection (3) of section forty-six of the principal Act from the commencement of the subsection to the end of paragraph (a): —

" The provisions of the last preceding subsection shall apply to seamen, marines, and soldiers who are not members of approved societies, subject to the following modifications: "

(6) Paragraph (g) and proviso (ii) to paragraph (h) of subsection (3) of section forty-six of the principal Act and paragraph (ii) of subsection (4) of the same section shall cease to have effect.

(7) For the purpose of subsection (5) of section forty-six of the principal Act a seaman, marine, or soldier, who absents himself on desertion shall be deemed to have been discharged on the date on which he so absents himself, and to re-enter or re-enlist on the date on which the absence terminates.

25. The provisions of section forty-six of the principal Act (which relates to persons in the naval and military service of the Crown) and of any subsequent enactment amending that section shall, subject to such modifications and adaptations as may be prescribed (including any modifications and adaptations necessary to meet the case of persons who are transferred from the Navy or Army to the Air Force, or from the Air Force to the Navy or Army), extend and be deemed always to have extended to officers and men of the Regular Air Force, the Air Force Reserve, and the Auxiliary Air Force, as if the references in those provisions to soldiers, the Regular Forces, the Army Reserve, and the Territorial Force included references to airmen of the Regular Air Force, the Regular Air Force, the Air Force Reserve, and the Auxiliary Air Force, respectively.

In this section the expression "prescribed" means prescribed by regulations made by the Insurance Commissioners in conjunction with the Air Council.

26. — (1) Section forty-seven of the principal Act (which makes special provision for cases where an employer is liable to pay wages during sickness) shall cease to have effect.

(2) If upon the first making after the commencement of this Act of a valuation under section thirty-six of the principal Act

1918.

National Health Insurance, 1918. Ch. 62.

237

it appears to the National Health Insurance Joint Committee that any approved society or branch has incurred a substantial loss by reason of any members of the society or branch having been persons in respect of whom section forty-seven of the principal Act applied, there shall be credited to that society or branch such amount as is, in the opinion of the Committee, sufficient to make good the loss, and the amount so credited shall be charged to the Reserve Suspense Fund.

27. — (1) The following amendments shall be made in section forty-eight of the principal Act, and that section shall have effect accordingly: —

(a) The following portions of the section shall be repealed,

that is to say:—

In subsection (1) the words from " but for the purpose " to " as aforesaid ";

Proviso (a) to subsection (2);

In subsection (8) the words from " and the rules " to the end of the subsection;

Subsection (9).

(b) The following shall be substituted for the words from

" and every four " to " five Such contributions " in subsection (2) —

" and every four weekly contributions paid in any prescribed period by or in respect of any master, seaman, or apprentice while serving in such a ship shall, for the purposes of calculating arrears, be treated as five such contributions/ ’

(c) The following subsection shall be substituted for subsections (6; and (7): —

"(6) All contributions paid by employers in respect of masters, seamen, or apprentices, who are neither domiciled nor have a place of residence in the United Kingdom and are consequently deemed not to be employed within the meaning of this Part of this Act, shall be credited to a special fund, which shall be vested in trustees nominated under, and managed by a governing body constituted in accordance with, a scheme to be prepared by the National Health Insurance Joint Committee after consultation with the Board of Trade, and comprising three representatives of shipowners and six representatives of insured persons, and the scheme shall provide for the representatives of insured persons being selected from the members of the Seamen’s National Insurance Society and of any other societies more than three-fourths of whose members are masters, seamen, or apprentices to the sea service or the sea-fishing service, as nearly as may be in proportion to the membership of such societies respectively.

Provisions as to the Mercantile Marine.

238

Ch. 62. National Health Insurance, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

" The accounts of the said special fund shall be subject to audit, and the fund shall be subject to the provisions of this Act relating to valuations, surpluses and deficiencies (subject to the prescribed modifications) as if it were an approved society.

" The said governing body shall, subject to the approval of the Board of Trade and of the National Health Insurance Joint Committee prepare a scheme for the provision of such benefits out of the sums credited to the said special fund for masters, seamen, and apprentices, being members of approved societies, as are specified in the scheme (including pensions for masters and seamen with long sea service), and the scheme may provide for preference being given to masters and seamen who have served in foreign-going ships or ships engaged in foreign trade over those who have served in coasting and home trade ships, and for such preference being proportionate to the length of time spent in the first-mentioned service.

" The cost of any benefits under the said scheme shall be paid as to the proper proportion thereof out of moneys provided by Parliament, and the expenses of administering the benefits under the said scheme shall, up to the prescribed amount, be apportioned in the prescribed manner among and paid as expenses of administration of those societies whose members include persons entitled to the said benefits."

(2) Any contributions paid under subsection (6) of section forty-eight of the principal Act to the Seamen’s National Insurance Society before the commencement of this Act shall, so far as unexpended and together with any accumulations of interest thereon, be transferred to the special fund for which provision is made by the new provision directed by this section to be substituted for the said subsection (6).

(3) The provisions contained in the proviso inserted in subsection (I) of section forty-eight of the principal Act by section twenty-three of the National Insurance Act, 1913, shall have effect whether the master, seaman, or apprentice was serving in a home trade ship or in any other ship, and accordingly the words "and was serving on a home trade ship " in the said proviso shall be repealed.

(4) Any period during which a master, seaman, or apprentice is, under the provisions of subsection (1) of section forty-eight of the principal Act, not entitled to sickness or disablement benefit shall he excluded in computing the period mentioned in paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of section eight of the principal Act, and any disease or disablement suffered by a master, seaman, or apprentice during any such period as is hereinbefore first mentioned shall for the purposes of

1918.

National Health Insurance Act, 1918. Ch. 62.

239

subsection (5) of the said section eight be deemed not to be a disease or disablement.

(5) For the purpose of ascertaining the sums to be retained by the Insurance Commissioners out of the contributions of masters, seamen, and apprentices serving in foreign-going ships or ships engaged in regular trade on foreign stations for the purpose of discharging their liabilities in respect of reserve values or for the purpose of being applied otherwise as in this Act provided, every six weekly contributions at the reduced rate paid by or in respect of any such seamen shall be treated as seven such contributions.

28. — (1) The following employments shall be deemed to be Provisions

included among the excepted employments specified in Part II. to

of the First Schedule to die principal Act: —

(a) Employment as a teacher in a public elementary school at any time after the person employed has undergone an examination in order to qualify for the position of a certificated teacher in such a school and before the announcement of the result of the examination:

(6) Employment as a pupil or student teacher, junior student

or monitor in a public elementary school:

(c) Employment as a teacher of any class which may be specified in a special order made by the Insurance Commissioners after consultation with the Board of Education as being a class in the case of which the conditions of employment are similar to the conditions of employment prevailing in the case of teachers to whom the Elementary School Teachers 61 & 62 Vict. (Superannuation) Act, 1898, applies, or to the con- 57, ditions prevailing in the employments specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this subsection.

(2) Section fifty-two of the principal Act (which makes special provisions with respect to persons becoming certificated teachers) shall cease to have effect.

(3) In the application of this section to Ireland the Commissioners of National Education shall be substituted for the Board of Education.

29. Where the Insurance Commissioners satisfy the Treasury Disposal of

as respects any sums received by the Commissioners on account in^t^sak*1 of sales of stamps issued for the purpose of Part I. of the account, principal Act that no claim has been or is likely to be made by or on behalf of any approved society or any deposit contributor for the crediting of those sums to the society or the Deposit Contributors Fund, those sums shall as to nine-tenths thereof be carried to the Central Fund, and as to the residue thereof be applied in such manner as may be prescribed:

Provided that where any such gums as respects which the Insurance Commissioners satisfy the Treasury as aforesaid represent contributions paid by or in respect of masters, seamen,

240

Ch. 62. National Health Insurance Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

or apprentices to the sea service or the sea-fishing service, being masters, seamen, or apprentices who were serving on foreign-going ships or ships engaged in regular trade on foreign stations, such proportion of those sums as may be prescribed shall be credited to the special fund to be established under subsection (0) of section forty-eight of the principal Act, and the balance thereof shall be dealt with as hereinbefore in this section directed.

Provisions 30. — (1) The Insurance Commissioners may, for the purpose

adminfstrati'on. providing against maladministration by approved societies’and their officers, make regulations applying to approved societies and to branches of approved societies, and to officers and members thereof, the provisions of sections thirty-five and 8 Edw. 7. c. 32. fifty-five of the Friendly Societies Act, 1896, and any of the other provisions of the Friendly Societies Acts, 1896 and 1908, relating to offences, penalties, and legal proceedings, and any such regulations may provide that proceedings for any offence under subsection (3) of section eighty-seven of the Friendly Societies Act, 1896, as applied by the regulations, may be brought within two years from the date of the commission of the alleged offence.

(2) Any of the said provisions may be applied with or without adaptation or modification, so, however, that the penalty for offences, other than fraud, false declarations, misappropriation or falsification, shall not be made to exceed a fine of five pounds.

Extension of 31. The power of the Insurance Commissioners to make regu-regpktionsf ° lations under section twenty-eight of the National Insurance Act, 1913, shall extend to the matters specified in the Fourth Schedule to this Act, subject always as to the matters specified in Part II. of that Schedule to the consent of the Treasury.

Provisions with respect to medical practitioners, &c. of approved societies.

32. — (1) Where the Insurance Commissioners in pursuance of their powers under section fifteen of the principal Act remove the name of any medical practitioner or of any person, firm, or body corporate undertaking the supply of drugs, medicines, or appliances from any list of medical practitioners prepared under the said section, or from any list of such persons, firms, and bodies corporate as the case may be, they may, if they think fit so to do, remove his or their name from all or any of the other lists so prepared in which it is at the time included, and until such time as the Commissioners direct to the contrary that practitioner or person, firm, or body corporate shall be disqualified for inclusion in any other list, whether in England, Scotland or Wales, in which his or their name was not then so included or from which it was then removed.

(2) Regulations made under section fifteen of the principal Act may, subject to such modifications as may be prescribed, provide for the application to enquiries held under paragraph of subsection (2) and paragraph (b) of subsection (5) of the said section respectively of any of the provisions of the Arbitration

1918.

National Health Insurance, 1918. Ch. 62.

241

Act, 1889, relating to the costs of an arbitration, the attendance 52 & 53 Vict, of witnesses, and the production of documents, and the regula- c-49* tions may provide that the costs of any enquiry and of the finding thereon shall be in the discretion of the Commissioners instead of in the discretion of the person holding the enquiry.

(3) The power to make regulations under the last preceding subsection with respect to the enquiries therein mentioned shall not extend so as to authorise regulations to be made with respect to any such enquiries held in Scotland, but regulations made under section fifteen of the principal Act may provide that, in the case of any such enquiry held in Scotland, the Scottish Insurance Commissioners may make such award as seems to them proper in regard to the expenses of the enquiry and the finding thereon.

33. — (1) The provisions set out in Part I. of the Third Accounts of Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to the accounts

of insurance committees for the year nineteen hundred and eighteen and subsequent years, and the audit of such accounts.

(2) In the application of this section to Scotland, Part II. of the said Schedule shall be substituted for Part I.

34. — (1) Without prejudice to their power to take any Default by other proceedings, the Insurance Commissioners may, if after

a public enquiry they are satisfied that by reason of the default of an insurance committee in the performance of their duties the administration of medical or sanatorium benefit or of the benefits of deposit contributors in the area is being prejudiced, by order declare that the existing members of the committee have vacated their office.

(2) Every such order shall provide for the appointment forthwith, subject to the provisions of section fifty-nine of the principal Act, of a new committee, and may contain such provisions as seem to the Commissioners expedient for authorising any person to act in the place of the committee, pending the appointment of the new committee.

35. Section fifty-one of the principal Act (which makes Repeal of special provisions as to the inmates of charitable homes), shall

cease to have effect.

38. It is hereby declared that except where special arrange- Provision with ments in that behalf are made at the request of an insured re8pe^J0oJhe person no deduction may be made by an approved society as °

on account of the cost of the transmission of the benefit from benefits, the amount payable by way of sickness, disablement, or maternity benefit.

37. — (1) The Insurance Commissioners may make regu- Disposal of lations: — 8um8 formiD&

part of estate

(a) Providing for the nomination by an insured person of of deceased the persons to whom any sum payable to him by way *>cr9ona‘ of benefit under Part I. of the principal Act and

242

Ch. 62. National Health Insurance Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Amendment of s. 63 of principal Act.

unpaid at the date of his death, or any other sum payable under Part I. of the principal Act and forming part of his estate is to be paid at his death, for the revocation of any such nomination, for the payment of the specified amount to any nominee so nominated, and providing that any such nomination shall take effect as if it were a will of the deceased duly executed, and that notwithstanding the want of due execution, minority, or marriage, or in Scotland the birth of a child; and

(b) Providing that subject to the regulations, probate or other proof of the title of the personal representatives of the deceased person may be dispensed with in the case of any such sum as aforesaid, and that any such sum may be paid or distributed to or among the persons appearing in manner provided by the regulations to be beneficially entitled to the personal estate of the deceased person, whether under any such nomination as aforesaid, or by law, or as next of kin, or as creditors, or otherwise, or to or among any one or more of such persons exclusive of the others, or in the case of any illegitimacy of the deceased person or his children to or among such person, or persons, as may be directed by the regulations, and that any society or committee making a payment in accordance with the regulations shall be discharged from all liability in respect of the sum so paid.

(2) The foregoing provisions of this section shall apply to the sum payable under paragraph (/ ) of section forty-two of the principal Act on the death of a deposit contributor as if that sum were a sum payable to him by way of benefit under Part I. of the principal Act and unpaid at the date of his death, and accordingly the said paragraph (/) shall have effect as if for the words therein from " shall be paid " to the end thereof there were substituted the words "shall be dealt with as if it were a sum payable to an insured person by way of benefit under this Part of this Act and unpaid at the date of his death, and the balance thereof shall be transferred to the Reserve Suspense Fund."

38. — (1) Where such an allegation as is mentioned in section sixty-three of the principal Act is made by an approved society or insurance committee, the society or committee shall, in the event of their failing to arrive at an agreement with the person or authority concerned refer the matter with a statement in support of the allegation to the Insurance Commissioners, and shall not make an application for an enquiry unless the Commissioners are of opinion that a prima facie case for an enquiry is disclosed, and authorise such an application to be made.

(2) In subsection (2) of the said section for the words "been " in excess of the average expectation of sickness by more than

1918. National Health Insurance Act, 1918. Ch. 62. 243

" ten per cent, and that such excess was in whole or in part due " to any such cause as aforesaid the amount of any " there shall be substituted the words "been in excess of the amount of " sickness which, in the opinion of the person holding the " enquiry, would have occurred if there had been no default " by any person or authority as aforesaid, the amount of that " and the words "or such part thereof as aforesaid, " wherever those words occur in subsection (2) of the said section, and subsection (4) of the said section shall be repealed.

39. In subsection (2) of section sixty-nine of the principal Amendment Act, the words "in respect of an employed contributor " shall principal be omitted, and for the words "to make any such contributions " Act. there shall be substituted the words "to pay any contributions, "

and in subsection (3) of section thirty-four and subsection (6) of section forty-one of the National Insurance Act, 1913, the word "person " shall be substituted for the words "employed contributor."

40. — (1) Where an employer has failed or neglected to pay civil pro-any contribution which under Part I. of the principal Act he is SgSda2?em-liable to pay in respect of any insured person in his employment, pioyer for (hereinafter referred to as "an employee") or has failed or neslecti"£ neglected to comply in relation to any employee with the with prin-requirements of any regulations relating to the payment and cipai Act. collection of contributions, and by reason thereof the employee

or any person claiming through him has lost in whole or in part any benefits to which he would have been entitled under Part I. of the principal Act, he shall be entitled to recover summarily from the employer as a civil debt a sum equal to the amount of any sickness, disablement or maternity benefit which he has lost as aforesaid, and a sum equal to the amount of any expenses which he has incurred by reason of not being entitled to medical benefit or sanatorium benefit.

(2) If an employee who is a member of an approved society refuses or neglects to enforce any claim under the preceding provisions of this section, the society may take the necessary proceedings in the name and on behalf of the employee:

Provided that if any society takes proceedings as aforesaid and fails in the proceedings it shall be responsible for the costs of the proceedings as if it were claiming on its own account.

(3) If an employee is not a member of an approved society he or any person claiming through him shall in any proceedings under this section be entitled to recover from the employer the same amount as he would have been entitled to recover if the employee had been a member of an approved society.

(4) Proceedings may be taken under this section notwithstanding that proceedings have also been taken under any other enactment in respect of the same failure or neglect.

41. — (1) For the purpose of removing doubts it is hereby Construction

declared that the expression "a sum not exceeding one penny 5.

in all " in subsection (2) of section thirty-three of the National c. 37.

Ch. 62. National Health Insurance Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

244

Insurance Act, 1913, means a sum not exceeding one penny in all in respect of each year.

(2) Any travelling expenses incurred by members of any local committee elected under subsection (1) of section thirty-three of the National Insurance Act, 1913, or of any committee elected by medical practitioners under section thirty-two of the said Act in attending meetings of the committee or of any subcommittee thereof, and any expenses incurred by any such members on account of subsistence whilst so attending shall be deemed to be administrative expenses of the committee within the meaning of subsection (2) of the said section thirty-three.

Amendment of 42. The following provisions shall be substituted for sub-3 44° Geo. 5. section (2) of section thirty-four of the National Insurance Act, c. 37.’1913:—

" (2) Every person who buys, sells, or offers for sale, takes or gives in exchange, or pawns or takes in pawn, any insurance card, insurance book, or used insurance stamp, shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, and in any proceedings under the foregoing provisions with respect to used insurance stamps, an insurance stamp shall be deemed to have been used if it has been cancelled or defaced in any way whatever, and whether it has been actually used for the purpose of payment of a contribution or not.

" Proceedings may be taken under this subsection at any time within one year from the date of the commission of the alleged offence/ ’

Provisions 43. — (l) The Insurance Commissioners may if they think fit

tobranc^s* 80 to d° and subject to the prescribed conditions recognise for the purposes of the principal Act any branch of an approved society though the branch is not separately registered as a branch of the society.

(2) In case of the maladministration of the affairs of any branch of an approved society, whether a branch which is sepa- rately registered or a branch which has been recognised by the Commissioners under this section, the Commissioners may declare that the branch shall cease to be a branch for the purposes of the principal Act.

of Where any appeal or dispute is submitted to the Scottish

principal Act Insurance Commissioners under section sixty-seven of the prin-in its appiica- cipal Act, the Commissioners, or the referees appointed by them land.*0 SCot decide the appeal or dispute, may, on the application of either party, at any stage of the proceedings, and shall if so directed by either division of the Court of Session state a case on any question of law arising in the appeal or dispute for the opinion of either division of the Court of Session, and the procedure in such stated cases shall, so far as practicable, be in accordance with the regulations and practice in Scotland prevailing in

1918.

National Health Insurance Act, 1918. Ch. 62.

245

stated cases under the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1906,

Second Schedule, paragraph 17(6), provided always that the decision of the Court of Session shall be final.

45. Notwithstanding anything in subsection (2) of section Provisions nine of the National Insurance Act, 1913, the contributions paid wntnbu-in Great Britain under subsection (3) of section eighty-one of tions paid on the principal Act in respect of any person being an Irish migra- account of tory labourer shall be dealt with in manner provided by that laborank ry subsection, and the sum to be contributed out of moneys provided

by Parliament towards the cost of any payments made under the regulations made under the said subsection and the adminiBtrar tion thereof shall be the same as if those payments were benefits to insured persons.

46. Section seventeen of the National Insurance Act, 1913, Application of which empowers the Insurance Commissioners to authorise J iVoeo. variations in rules of approved societies rendered necessary by c. 37, tovana-the passing of that Act, shall have effect as if the reference

therein to amendments rendered necessary by the passing of necessitated by that Act included a reference to variations or amendments this Act-rendered necessary by the passing of this Act and to any variations or amendments required to secure that no insured person who is suffering from any form of venereal disease shall, on the ground that the disease is or may have been due to misconduct, be deprived of any sickness or disablement benefit to which he would otherwise have been entitled.

47. The National Insurance (Part I. Amendment) Act, 1917, Extension of

shall be amended as follows: — toother

(1) By the insertion in section one thereof after the word

" marines " and after the word "soldiers " of the per80M' words " or other persons."

(2) By the insertion therein after the words "to whom

" section forty-six of the National Insurance Act,

" 1911, applied " wherever those words occur of the words "or who was an insured person."

(3) By the substitution for the words "naval or military

service " wherever those words occur of the words "naval, military, or other pensionable service."

48. — (1) This Act may be cited as the National Health short title, Insurance Act, 1918, and the National Insurance (Health) Acts,

1911 to 1917, and this Act may be cited together as the National tion, and Insurance (Health) Acts, 1911 to 1918. repeal.

(2) This Act shall, save as otherwise herein expressly provided, come into operation on the first day of July nineteen hundred and eighteen, or such later date or dates as the National Health Insurance Joint Committee may by order appoint, and different dates may be appointed for different purposes and different provisions of this Act.

S

246

Ch. 62. National Health Insurance Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 6.

62 & 63 Vict. c. 63.

Section 1.

Section 6.

(3) This Act shall be construed as one with Part I. of the principal Act, and any references in this Act to any provision of Part I. of the principal Act, or of the National Insurance Act, 1913, which has been amended by any other Act or is amended by this Act shall be construed as a reference to that provision as so amended.

(4) The enactments specified in the Fifth Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed:

Provided that, without prejudice to the general application of section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889, with regard to the effect of repeals, any regulations or orders made under any of the provisions of the principal Act or of the National Insurance Act, 1913, which are repealed by this Act, shall, if in force at the commencement of this Act continue, until revoked and except as varied under the powers of this Act, to have effect as if they had been made under those powers.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

The amounts to be carried to the several funds shall be calculated as follows:—

of a sum representing in

J the case of men £tlis and in the case of women fths vGuu at i u..u - g, of a penny for each weekly

I contribution paid in respect I of a member of a society.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Section. Amendment.

36 - " Five years " shall be substituted for " three years "

wherever those words occur.

37 (1) - - Paragraph (b) shall be omitted, and in paragraph (c) the

words " there shall be transferred to the central body " or other central authority of the society of which it " is a branch, one-third of the surplus, and " the words "the remaining two-thirds of " and the words "together with any such addition as aforesaid " shall be omitted.

1918.

National Health Insurance, 1918. Ch. 62.

247

Section.

Amendment.

38 (1).

40

54(3)-54 (4) -56 (1) («)

Paragraph (a) shall be omitted; in paragraph () the words "Any deficiency not made good from any Contingencies Fund or the Central Fund " shall be substituted for the words "Subject as aforesaid every deficiency, " and the words "five years (or such " other period as the Insurance Commissioners may " require in any particular case) from the expiration " of six months after the date on which the valuation " report is issued to the society " shall be substituted for " three years from the date at which the valuation was made."

Subsections (1) and (2) shall not have effect except so far as they may apply to geographical areas consisting of integral parts of the United Kingdom.

After " Navy and Army Insurance Fund" there shall be inserted " and of the Central Fund."

After " Navy and Army Insurance Fund " there shall be inserted "and to the Central Fund."

At the end thereof there shall be inserted " and for the Central Fund."

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Part I.

(1) If it appears to any auditor to whom the accounts of an Insurance Committee (including the accounts of any officer or servant of the Committee) have been submitted under paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of section sixty of the principal Act, that any item of account is contrary to law, or that any money or income which ought to have been brought into account has not been so brought into account, the auditor shall disallow the item of account and shall surcharge the amount of any unlawful payment or expenditure, or of any loss or deficiency, upon any member, officer, or servant of the Committee or other person by whose negligence or misconduct that payment or expenditure has been made or authorised or that loss or deficiency has been incurred:

Provided that no item of account shall be disallowed or surcharged by the auditor, if the same has been sanctioned by the Commissioners.

(2) Any Insurance Committee or person aggrieved by any disallowance or surcharge may, within thirty days after the date of the auditor's certificate, appeal to the Insurance Commissioners, whose decision shall be final, and the procedure on appeal shall be such as may be prescribed:

Provided that the Commissioners may at any stage of the proceedings on appeal, and shall if so directed by the High Court, state in the form of a special case for the opinion of the Court any question of law arising in the course of the appeal.

(3) The Insurance Commissioners, in considering whether any item of account should be sanctioned, or in determining any appeal under this Schedule, may, if they are of opinion that any disallowance or surcharge has been or would be lawfully made, but that in the circumstances of the

S_2

Section 33.

Ch. 62. National Health Insurance Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

case it is equitable that the disallowance or surcharge should not be made, sanction the item of account and remit the disallowance or surcharge:

Provided that where the item of account or expenditure relates in whole or in part to moneys provided under subsection (1) of section one of the National Insurance Act, 1913, the Commissioners shall have regard to the terms of any scheme, vote, or regulation providing for or prescribing the application of those moneys.

(4) In any case in which an appeal has been made to the Commissioners, the auditor may re-open the audit for the purpose of giving effect to the decision of the Commissioners.

(5) Any sum surcharged by the auditor, or any balance certified by him to be due, shall be paid to the Commissioners by the person who is surcharged or from whom the balance is certified to be due within thirty days after the date of the auditor’s certificate, or, if an appeal is lodged and the amount surcharged or certified to be due is not remitted, within thirty days after the date of the decision of the Commissioners, and if not paid within the time aforesaid may be recovered by the Commissioners summarily as a civil debt; and the costs of any proceedings for the recovery of any such sum so far as not recovered from the person surcharged shall be charged to the Insurance Committee.

Ou any proceedings for the recovery of such a sum a certificate purporting to be signed by an auditor appointed under the principal Act shall he conclusive evidence of the facts certified.

(6) Any person who knowingly recharges to the funds of an Insurance Committee any sum which has been disallowed by the auditor and has not been allowed by the Insurance Commissioners on appeal, shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding three times the amount of the sum so recharged.

Part II.

(1) If it appears to any auditor to whom the accounts of any Insurance Committee in Scotland (including the accounts of any officer or servant of the Committee) have been submitted under paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of section sixty of the principal Act that any item of account is contrary to law, or that any money or income which ought to have been, is not brought into account, the auditor shall, by an interim report under his hand, report thoreon to the Scottish Insurance Commissioners setting forth the grounds of his opinion as aforesaid; and the Commissioners shall cause such interim report to he intimated to the Committee or person affected thereby; and after such enquiry as the Commissioners think fit they shall decide all questions raised by such interim report and shall disallow all unlawful items of account and shall surcharge the amount of any unlawful payment or expenditure or of any loss or deficiency, upon any member, officer, or servant of the Committee or other person by whose negligence or misconduct that payment or expenditure has been made or authorised or that loss or deficiency has been incurred.

(2) If the Scottish Insurance Commissioners are of opinion that any disallowance or surcharge might lawfully be made, but that in the circumstances of the case it is equitable that the disallowance or surcharge should not be made, they may abstain from making the same:

Provided that where the payment or expenditure in question relates in whole or in part to moneys provided under subsection (1) of section one of the National Insurance Act, 1913. the Commissioners shall have regard to the terms of any scheme, vote, or regulation providing for or prescribing the application of those moneys.

1918.

National Health Insurance, 1918. Ch. 62.

249

(3) Every sum determined by the Scottish Insurance Commissioners under the provisions hereof to be due from any person shall be paid by such person to the Commissioners within thirty days after such determination has been intimated to him, and if such sum is not so paid the Commissioners may recover the same as a civil debt; and the costs of any proceedings for the recovery of any such sum so far as not recovered from the person surcharged shall be charged to the Insurance Committee.

On any such proceedings a certificate purporting to be sigued by the Secretary of the Commissioners or some person authorised by the Commissioners to act on behalf of the Secretary shall be conclusive evidence of the facts certified.

(4) Any person who knowingly recharges to the funds of an Insurance Committee any sum which has been disallowed by the Scottish Insurance Commissioners under the provisions hereof shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding three times the amount of the sum so recharged.

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Matters with respect to which Regulations mat be made.

Part I.

(1) The manner and conditions in and upon which the following matters may be carried into effect: —

(a) The transfer by an approved society of its engagements under Part I. of the principal Act, or of such of those engagements as relate to members resident in any particular part of the United Kingdom, or as relate to men only or women only, to any other approved society or to any two or more other approved societies which may undertake to fulfil those engagements;

(b) The transfer of the engagements of a branch of an approved society, or of such of those engagements as relate to men only or to women only, to any other branch, or to any two or more other branches, of that society or of any other society or to any other society or to any two or more other societies;

(r) The secession, expulsion, or dissolution of a branch of an approved society in respect of its business under Part I. of the principal Act;

(d) The financial adjustments to be made on any such transfer, secession, expulsion or dissolution.

(2) Enabling or requiring an approved society with branches to establish, subject to prescribed conditions and in the prescribed manner, a central fund for the purpose of administering the benefits of any of the members of any branch which may secede or be dissolved or expelled or '•ease to be a branch for the purposes of Part I. of the principal Act, and muking provision with respect to payments into and out of any fund so established, and with respect to the transfer of any persons for whose benefits the fund is liable to any other branch of the society.

Section 31.

250

Ch. t >2.National Health Insurance Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

(3) Enabling an approved society, not being a society with branches, to establish branches, and to apportion among the branches, subject to the prescribed conditions, all or any of the funds of the society.

(4) Applying to the Navy and Army Insurance Fund and to the members of that fund, subject to the prescribed modifications, adaptations and exceptions, the provisions of Part I. of the principal Act and of this Act relating to approved societies and to members and membership of and transfer to and from approved societies, and relating to persons lapsing from insurance, and for providing benefits (other than additional benefits) out of that fund to any persons being persons to whom section forty-six of the principal Act applies and who are not members of an approved society when discharged, for such period after discharge as may be prescribed.

(5) Providing, in the case of any persons who are insured at the commencement of this Act and whose position is affected by any of the provisions thereof, for the transition from the provisions of Part I. of the principal Act affecting them to those provisions as amended by the provisions of this Act, including any necessary crediting or variation of reserve values.

(6) The issue of certificates for the purpose of Part I. of the principal Act by medical practitioners under agreement with insurance committees.

(7) The application of any existing provisions with respect to the administration of medical benefit to the domiciliary treatment of persons recommended for sanatorium benefit.

(8) Applying the provisions of this Act with the necessary modifications, adaptations and exceptions to deposit contributors.

(9) Enabling the accounts of deposit contributors to be kept in terms of contributions, and the amounts payable to or in respect of deposit contributors on account of benefit to be fixed in terms of contributions, and for prescribing the conditions subject to which the benefits of deposit contributors shall be paid or provided.i

(10) Prescribing the amount which may be charged in respect of the expenses (by whomsoever incurred) of administering the benefits of deposit contributors and for providing for the payment of and otherwise regulating those expenses.

(11) Applying the provisions of section ninety-seven of the Friendly Societies Act, 1896, subject to auy necessary modifications, to certificates of the death of insured persons required for the purpose of Part I. of the principal Act.

Part II.

The administration of any medical benefit or treatment the cost of which may be defrayed out of the additional sums provided by Parliament under section one of the National Insurance Act, 1913.

1918.

National Health Insurance, 1918. Ch. 62.

251

FIFTH SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

1 & 2 Geo. 5. The National Insurance c. 65. Act, 1911.

Extent of Repeal.

Subsection (3) of section one; subsection (1) of section five; section six; sections nine and ten (so far as unrepealed); section thirty-one; paragraphs (d) and (») of subsection (1) of section thirty-eight; sections thirty-nine, forty-three, forty-four, and forty-five; subsection (1) and paragraph (a) and proviso (ii) to paragraph (a) of subsection (3), and paragraph

(11) of subsection (4) of section forty-six; section forty-seven; the words from "but for the purpose*’ to "as aforesaid" in subsection (1), proviso (a) to subsection (2), the words from " and the rules " to the end of the subsection in subsection (8), and subsection (9) of section forty-eight; sections fifty -one and fifty-two; subsection (2) of section fifty-three; subsection (4) of section sixty-three; section seventy; in section seventy-nine, the words from " a person whose normal " to in his normal occupation"; in paragraph (11) of section eighty-one the words from "with the modification " to the end of the paragraph, and paragraphs

(12) and (16) of the same section; Tables B and D in Part I. of, and Part III. of the Fourth Schedule.

3 & 4 Geo. 5. o. 37.

The National Insurance Act, 1913.

Sections four, seven, and eight; in section ten the words from " but in that case " to the end of subsection (1); sections fifteen, eighteen, twenty, twenty - one, and twenty-four, and paragraph (▲) (ii) and paragraph (b) of the First Schedule.

Section 48.

252 Ch. 63. National Insurance (Unemployment) 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Act, 1918.

CHAPTER 63.

An Act to amend the National Insurance (Part II.) (Munition Workers) Act, 1916, and to amend the National Insurance (Unemployment) Acts, 1911 to 1916, with respect to the proportion to be borne by the amount of unemployment benefit to the number of contributions paid.

[6th February 1918.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Power to 1. — (1) The Minister of Labour may by Order direct that

fronTopera^on any trade or any branch of any trade, mentioned in the First of 6 & 7 Geo. 5. Schedule to the National Insurance (Part II.) (Munition Workers) c-20- Act, 1916 (which Schedule sets out the trades to which, by that

Act, the provisions of the National Insurance Act, 1911, as amended by subsequent enactments, are temporarily extended), shall be excluded from that Schedule, and accordingly section one of that Act shall have effect as though after the words "the First Schedule to this Act " there were inserted the words "except in cases where the trade, or any branch thereof, is excluded by order of the Minister of Labour."

(2) An order under this section affecting any trade or branch of a trade shall not-be made unless the Minister of Labour is satisfied that, having regard to the prospects of unemployment in that trade or branch at the end of the war, and to all the circumstances of the case, it is desirable to make an order.

(3) Where an order has been made under this section, any workman and the employer of any workman shall, on making an application to the Minister of Labour for the purpose, within six months after the making of the order, and on satisfying the Minister —

(a) that the number of contributions paid in respect of that

workman are less than ten; and

(b) that by reason of the order the workman has ceased to

be employed in an insured trade;

be entitled to have repaid to him out of the Unemployment Fund the amount of the contributions paid by the workman, or by the employer in respect of the workman (as the case may be), whilst the workman was employed in any trade or branch of a trade excluded by the order, after deducting (in the case of a workman) the amount of the unemployment benefit, if any, which he may have received; but if at any time after such repayment the workman becomes entitled to unemployment benefit he shall be treated as if no contributions had been paid in respect of him whilst employed in such trade or branch of a trade.

1918. National Insurance (Unem) Ch. 63, 64. 253

Act, 1918.

2. The proportion which is required by the Seventh Schedule Power to vary

to the National Insurance Act, 1911, to be borne by the amount of

of benefit received to the amount of contributions paid may be contributions varied in such manner as may be prescribed, and accordingly Paid-

that schedule shall have effect as if in the fourth paragraph ^g52 °* '

thereof after the words "under this Act " there were inserted the words "or such other proportion as may be prescribed either " generally or for any particular trade or branch thereof":

Provided that any variation in the said proportion shall be subject to the consent of the Treasury.

[Short title.]

3. This Act may be cited as the National Insurance (Unemployment) Act, 1918, and the National Insurance (Unemployment) Acts, 1911 to 1916, and this Act may be

cited together as the National Insurance (Unemployment)

Acts, 1911 to 1918.

CHAPTER 64.

An Act to amend the Law with respect to Parliamentary and Local Government Franchises, and the Registration of Parliamentary and Local Government Electors, and the conduct of elections, and to provide for the Redistribution of Seats at Parliamentary Elections, and for other purposes connected therewith.

[6th February 1918.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Part I.

Franchises.

1. — (1) A man shall be entitled to be registered as a parlia- Parliamentary mentary elector for a constituency (other than a university ^i8ea constituency) if he is of full age and not subject to any legal incapacity, and —

(a) has the requisite residence qualification; or

(b) has the requisite business premises qualification.

(2) A man, in order to have the requisite residence qualification or business premises qualification for a constituency —

(a) must on the last day of the qualifying period be residing

in premises in the constituency, or occupying business premises in the constituency, as the case may be:and

(b) must during the whole of the qualifying period have

resided in premises, or occupied business premises, as

254

Ch. 54. Representation of the People,] 918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

University

franchise

(men).

31 & 32 Vict. c. 48.

Local government franchise (men).

the case may be, in the constituency, or in another constituency within the same parliamentary borough or parliamentary county, or within a parliamentary borough or parliamentary county contiguous to that borough or county, or separated from that borough or county by water, not exceeding at the nearest point Bix miles in breadth, measured in the case of tidal water from low-water mark.

For the purposes of this subsection the administrative county of Ixmdon shall be treated as a parliamentary borough.

(3) The expression "business premises" in this section means land or other premises of the yearly value of not less than ten pounds occupied for the purpose of the business, profession, or trade of the person to be registered.

2. A man shall be entitled to be registered as a parliamentary elector for a university constituency if he is of full age and not subject to any legal incapacity, and has received a degree (other than an honorary degree) at any’university forming, or forming part of, the constituency, or in the case of the Scottish universities is qualified under section twenty-seven of the Representation of the People (Scotland) Act, 1868, or in the case of the University of Dublin has either received a degree (other than an honorary degree) at the university, or has obtained a scholarship or fellowship in the University whether before or after the passing of this Act.

8. A man shall be entitled to be registered as a local government elector for a local government electoral area, if he is of full age and not subject to any legal incapacity, and —

(a) is on the last day of the qualifying period occupying, as

owner or tenant, any land or premises in that area; and

(b) has, during the whole of the qualifying period, so

occupied any land or premises in that area, or, if that area is not an administrative county or a county borough, in any administrative county or county borough in which the area is wholly or partly situate:

Provided that —

(i) for the purposes of this section a man who himself

inhabits any dwelling-house by virtue of any office, service, or employment, shall, if the dwelling-house is not inhabited by the person in whose service he is in such office, service, or employment, be deemed to occupy the dwelling-house as a tenant; and

(ii) for the purposes of this section the word tenant shall

include a person who occupies a room or rooms as a lodger only where such room or rooms are let to him in an unfurnished state.

1918.

Representation of the People Act, 1918. Ch. 64.

255

4. — (1) A woman shall be entitled to be registered as a Franchises parliamentary elector for a constituency (other than a university Cwomen)-constituency) if she —

(a) has attained the age of thirty years; and (b) is not subject to any legal incapacity; and

(c) is entitled to be registered as a local government elector in respect of the occupation in that constituency of land or premises (not being a dwelling-house) of a yearly value of not less than five pounds or of a dwelling-house, or is the wife of a husband entitled to be so registered.

(2) A woman -shall be entitled to be registered as a parliamentary elector for a university constituency if she has attained the age of thirty years and either would be entitled to be so registered if she were a man, or has been admitted to and passed the final examination, and kept under the conditions required of women by the university the period of residence, necessary for a man to obtain a degree at any university forming, or forming part of, a university constituency which did not at the time the examination was passed admit women to degrees.

(3) A woman shall be entitled to be registered as a local government elector for any local government electoral area —

(a) where she would be entitled to be so registered if she were a man; and (b) where she is the wife of a man who is entitled to be so registered in respect of premises in which they both reside, and she has attained the age of thirty years and is not subject to any legal incapacity.

For the purpose of this provision, a naval or military voter who is registered in respect of a residence qualification which he would have had but for his service, shall be deemed to be resident in accordance with the qualification.

5. — (1) A person to whom this section applies (in this Act special pro-referred to as "a naval or military voter ") shall be entitled to visions for be registered as a parliamentary elector for any constituency for

which he would have had the necessary qualification but for the service which brings him within the provisions of this section.

The right to be registered in pursuance of the foregoing provision shall be in addition to any other right to be registered, but a naval or military voter shall not be entitled to be registered for a constituency in respect of an actual residence qualification in the constituency except on making a claim for the purpose, accompanied by a declaration in the prescribed form, that he has taken reasonable steps to prevent his being registered under the foregoing provision for any other constituency.

(2) The statement of any person, made in the prescribed form and verified in the prescribed manner, that he would have had the necessary qualification in any constituency but for the

250

Ch. 64. Representation of the People Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

service which brings him within the provisions of this section, shall for all purposes of this section be sufficient if there is no evidence to die contrary.

(3) This section applies to any person who is of the age required under this Act in the case of that person and is not subject to any legal incapacity, and who —

(i) is serving on full pay as a member of any of the naval,

military or air forces of the Crown; or

(ii) is abroad or afloat in connection with any war in which

His Majesty is engaged, and is —

(a) in service of a naval or military character for which payment is made out of moneys provided by Parliament, or (where the person serving was at the commencement of his service resident in the United Kingdom) out of the public funds of any part of His Majesty's Dominions, or in service as a merchant seaman, pilot, or fisherman, including the master of a merchant ship or fishing boat and an apprentice on such a ship or boat; or

(b) serving in any work of the British Red Cross Society, or the Order of St. John of Jerusalem in England, or any other body with a similar object; or

(c) serving in any other work recognised by the Admiralty, Army Council, or Air Council, as work of national importance in connection with the war.

(4) A male naval or military voter who has served or hereafter serves in or in connection with the present war shall, notwithstanding anything in this or any other Act, be entitled to be registered as a parliamentary elector if that voter at the commencement of service had attained, or during service attains, the age of nineteen years, and is otherwise qualified.

Qualifying 6. The qualifying period shall be a period of six months

pen<xi. ending either on the fifteenth day of January, or the fifteenth

day of July, including in each case the fifteenth day:

Provided that in the application of this section to a person who is a naval or military voter, or who has been serving as a member of the naval, military or air forces of the Crown at any time during the said six months and has ceased so to serve, one month shall be substituted for six months as the qualifying period.

Supplemental 7. — (1) Where land or premises are in the joint occupation

residence9^ad° two or niore persons, each of the joint occupiers shall, for the

occupation. purposes of this Part of this Act, be treated as occupying the premises, subject as follows:—

(a) In the case of the occupation of business premises the aggregate yearly value of the premises must for the purpose of the parliamentary franchise be not less than the amount produced by multiplying ten pounds by the number of the joint occupiers; and

1918.

257

Representation of the People Act, 1918. Ch. 64.

(6) In the case of the occupation of land or premises (not being a dwelling-house) the aggregate yearly value thereof must for the purpose of the parliamentary franchise of women be not less than the amount produced by multiplying five pounds by the number of joint occupiers; and

(cj Not more than two joint occupiers shall be entitled to be registered in respect of the same land or premises, unless they are bonfi fide engaged as partners carrying on their profession, trade or business on the land or premises.

(2) Residence in a house or the occupation of a house shall not be deemed to be interrupted for the purposes of this Act by reason only of permission being given by letting or otherwise for the occupation of the house as a furnished house by some other person for part of the qualifying period not exceeding four months in the whole, or by reason only of notice to quit being served and possession being demanded by the landlord of the house; but the express enactment of this provision shall not affect in any way the general principles governing the interpretation of the expression "residence " and cognate expressions.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in this Act, a man shall not be entitled to be registered as a parliamentary elector for a constituency in respect of a residence qualification though he may have been residing in premises in the constituency on the last day of the qualifying period, if he commenced to reside in the constituency within thirty days before the end of the qualifying period, and ceased to reside within thirty days after the time when he so commenced to reside.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in this Act, a person shall not be entitled to be registered as a local government elector for a local government electoral area though that person may have been occupying land or premises in the area on the last day of the qualifying period, if that pereon commenced to occupy^the land or premises within thirty days before the end of the qualifying period, and ceased to occupy the land or premises within thirty days after the commencement of the occupation.

8. — (1) Every person registered as a parliamentary elector for any constituency shall, while so registered (and in the case of a woman notwithstanding sex or marriage), be entitled to vote at an election of a member to serve in Parliament for that constituency; but a man shall not vote at a general election for more that one constituency for which he is registered by virtue of a residence qualification or for more than one constituency for which he is registered by virtue of other qualifications of whatever kind, and a woman shall not vote at a general election for more than one constituency for which she is registered by virtue of her own or her husband’s local government qualification, or for more than one constituency for which she is registered by virtue of any other qualification.

Right of person registered to vote.

Provisions as to disqualifications.

5 & 6 Geo. 6. o. 104.

Ch. 64. Representation of the People Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

(2) A person registered as a local government elector for any local government electoral area shall while so registered (and in the case of a woman notwithstanding sex or marriage) be entitled to vote at a local government election for that area; but where, for the purposes <3 election, any such area is divided into more than one ward or electoral division, by whatever name called, a person shall not be entitled to vote for more than one such ward or electoral division.

Notwithstanding anything in this provision a person may be registered for more than one such ward or division of a local government electoral area (not being a municipal borough), and may vote in any such ward or division for which he is registered at an election to fill a casual vacancy.

(3) A naval or military voter who is registered in respect of a qualification which he would have had but for his service shall be deemed for the purpose of this section to be registered by virtue of that qualification.

»•-(!) A person shall not be disqualified from being registered or from voting as a parliamentary or local government elector by reason that he or some person for whose maintenance he is responsible has received poor relief or other alms.

(2) Any person being a conscientious objector to whom this subsection applies, shall be disqualified during the continuance of the war and a period of five years thereafter from being registered or voting as a parliamentary or local government elector, unless, before the expiration of one year after the termination of the war, he proves to the central tribunal as established for the purposes of the Military Service Act, 1916 —

(a) that he has during the continuance of the war taken up

and, so far as reasonably practicable, continued service which constitutes a person (other than a person serving on full pay as a member of any of the naval, military, or air forces of the Crown) a naval or military voter for the purposes of this Act; or

(b) that having been exempted from military service on

condition of doing work of national importance he has done such work in accordance with the decision and to the satisfaction of the appropriate tribunal or authority; or

(c) that having obtained an absolute exemption from military

service without any such condition, he has nevertheless (whether before or after the passing of this Act) been engaged in and, so far as reasonably practicable, continued some work of national importance;

and obtains a certificate from the central tribunal to that effect.

This subsection shall apply to a conscientious objector who either —

(i) has been exempted from all military service (including non-combatant service) on the ground of conscientious objection; or

1918.

Representation of the People f 1918. Ch. 64.

259

(ii) having been convicted by court martial of an offence against military law, and having represented that the offence was the result of conscientious objection to military service, has been awarded imprisonment or detention.

The central tribunal established under the Military Service Act, 1916, shall be continued for the purpose of this subsection for a period of a year after the termination of the present war.

If a person disqualified under this subsection would have been entitled to be registered as a parliamentary or local government elector but for that disqualification, the disqualification shall not extend so as to affect the right of the wife of that person to be registered or vote as a parliamentary or local government elector, as the case may be.

(3) A person shall not be entitled to be registered or to vote as a parliamentary or local government elector if he is not a British subject, and nothing contained in this Act shall, except as expressly provided therein, confer on any person who is subject to any legal incapacity to be registered or to vote either as a parliamentary or local government elector any right to be so registered or to vote.

(4) A person shall not be disqualified from voting at any election as a parliamentary or local government elector by reason that he is employed for payment by or on behalf of a candidate at such election, so long as the employment is legal.

(5) Any incapacity of a peer to vote at an election arising from the status of a peer shall not extend to peeresses in their own right.

10. A person shall, in addition to and without prejudice to any other qualification, be qualified to be elected a member of the local government authority for any local government electoral area if he is the owner of property held by freehold, copyhold, leasehold or any other tenure within the area of that authority.

Part II.

Registration.

11. — (1) Two registers of electors shall be prepared in every year, of which one (in this Act referred to as the spring register) shall be made for the qualifying period ending on the fifteenth day of January, and the other (in this Act referred to as the autumn register) shall be made for the qualifying period ending on the fifteenth day of July.

(2) The spring register shall come into force on the commencement of the fifteenth day of April and remain in force until the fifteenth day of October, and the autumn register shall come into force on the commencement of the fifteenth day of October and remain in force until the fifteenth day of April.

(3) If for any reason the registration officer fails to compile a fresh spring or autumn register for his area or any part of his

Provision as to qualification of councillor.

Spring and

autumn

registers.

Ch. 64. Representation of the People Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

area, the register in force at the time when the fresh register should have come into force shall continue to operate as the register for the area or part of an area in respect of which default has been made.

12. — (1) Each parliamentary borough and each parliamentary county shall be a registration area, and there shall be a registration officer for each registration area.

(2) Where the registration area is a parliamentary county and is coterminous with, or wholly contained in, one administrative county, the clerk of the county council, and where the registration area is a parliamentary borough and is coterminous with, or wholly contained in, one municipal borough, the town clerk of the borough, shall be the registration officer for the area.

In any other case such clerk of the county council, or town clerk, shall be registration officer for the area as the Local Government Board may by order direct, subject to any conditions which may be made by the order as to the appointment of deputies for any part of the area.

(3) Any of the duties and powers of the registration officer may be performed and exercised by any deputy for the time being approved by the Local Government Board, and the provisions of this Act shall apply to any such deputy so far as respects any duties or powers to be performed or exercised by him as it applies to the registration officer.

(4) In the event of any vacancy in the office of any clerk of the county council or town clerk who is a registration officer, or in the event of his incapacity to act, any acts authorised or required to be done by or with respect to the registration officer may be done by or with respect to any person temporarily appointed in that behalf by the Chairman of the county council or the mayor, as the case may be.

13. — (1) It shall be. the duty of the registration officer to compile the spring and autumn register, and to place, or cause to be placed, on the register in accordance with the rules set out in the First Schedule to this Act the names of those entitled to vote as parliamentary electors or local government electors in his registration area, and to comply with any general or special directions which may be given by the Local Government Board with respect to the arrangements to be made by the registration officer for carrying out his duties as to registration.

If a registration officer refuses, neglects or fails without reasonable cause to perform any of his duties in connection with registration, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds.

(2) His Majesty may by Order in Council prescribe the forms to be used for registration purposes and any fees to be taken in connection therewith, and alter the rules contained in the First Schedule to this Act for the purpose of carrying this Act into full effect, or for carrying into effect any Act for the time being in force amending or affecting this Act.

1918.

261

"Representation of the People Act, 1918. Ch. 64.

The rules contained in the First Schedule to this Act and any Order so made shall have effect as if enacted in this Act.

14. — (1) An appeal shall lie to the county court, as defined Appeals, by rules of court, from any decision of the registration officer on any claim or objection which has been considered by him under this Act, or the placing of or refusal to place any mark against any name on the register, and rules of court shall be made for the purpose of determining the procedure on any such appeals and for applying and adapting thereto any enactments relating to county courts and the procedure therein:

Provided that an appeal shall not lie where a claimant or objector has not availed himself of his opportunity, as provided in the First Schedule to this Act, of being heard by the registration officer on the claim or objection, or as to the placing of or refusing to place any such mark as aforesaid.

(2) An appeal shall lie on any point of law from any decision of the county court on any such appeal from the registration officer in accordance with rules of the Supreme Court to the Court of Appeal, but no appeal shall lie from the decision of the Court of Appeal.

(3) The right of voting of any person whose name is for the time being on the register shall not be prejudiced by any appeal pending under this section, and any vote given in pursuance of that right shall be as good as if no such appeal were pending, and shall not be affected by the subsequent decision of the appeal.

(4) Notice shall be sent to the registration officer in manner provided by rules of Court of the decision of the county court or of the Court of Appeal on any appeal under this section, and the registration officer shall make such alterations in the electors lists or register as may be required to give effect to the decision.

(5) On any appeal under this section the registration officer shall be deemed to be a party to the proceedings.

(6) If the Lord Chancellor is satisfied on the representation of the judge of any county court that the judge is unable, owing to the necessity of dealing with appeals under this Act, to transact the business of the court with proper despatch, the Lord Chancellor may appoint a barrister of at least seven years’ standing to act as assistant judge for such time as the Lord Chancellor may direct, and subject to any conditions which he may impose.

Any assistant judge so appointed shall have all the powers and privileges and may perform any of the duties of the judge, whether under this Act or otherwise, to whom he has been appointed assistant.

An assistant judge shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament such remuneration and travelling allowances as may be allowed by the Treasury.

In the application of this provision to a county court district the whole of which is within the Duchy of Lancaster, the Chancellor of the Duchy shall be substituted for the Lord Chancellor.

T

262

Ch. 64. Representation of the People Act, 1918. 7 8 Geo. 5.

Expenses of 15. — (1) Any expenses properly incurred by a registration

registration, officer in the performance of his duties in relation to registration, including all proper and reasonable charges for trouble, care and attention in the performance of those duties, and any costs incurred by him as party to an appeal (in this Act referred to as " registration expenses ") shall be paid by the council whose clerk the registration officer is, or by whom he is appointed, subject, in cases where the registration area is not coterminous with or wholly contained in the area of that council, to such contributions by the council of any other county or borough as the Local Government Board may direct.

Any such expenses shall be paid in the case of the council of a county out of the county fund, and if the case requires as expenses for special county purposes, and in the case of the council of a borough out of the borough fund or borough rate, or, where there is no borough fund or borough rate, out of the fund or rate out of which the ordinary expenses of the council of the borough are paid.

(2) The Treasury may frame a scale of registration expenses applicable to all or any class or classes of those expenses, and may alter the scale as and when they think fit.

Any expenses incurred by the registration officer of a class to which the scale is applicable shall be taken to be properly incurred if they do not exceed the maximum amount determined by or in accordance with the scale, and so far as they do exceed that amount shall be taken not to have been properly incurred unless the excess is specially sanctioned by the council and the Treasury either before or after the expenses have been incurred.

If any question arises whether any expenses incurred by the registration officer of a class to which the scale is not applicable have been properly incurred or not, that question shall be referred to file Local Government Board, and the decision of the Board on the question shall be final.

(3) Any fees or other sum received by the registration officer in respect of his duties as such officer, other than sums paid to that officer in respect of his registration expenses, shall be accounted for by that officer and paid to the credit of the fund or rate out of which the expenses of that officer are paid.

(4) There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament to the council of any county or borough in aid of the fund or rate out of which any registration expenses are paid by the council, in accordance with this Act, one half of the amount so paid by the council.

(5) On the request of the registration officer of any registration area for an advance on account of registration expenses, the council whose clerk the registration officer is may, if they think fit, make such an advance to him of such amount and subject to such conditions as the council may approve.

Special pro- 16. — (1) Where an urban district is coterminous with a

respect to th registration area which is a parliamentary borough or is wholly urban districts contained in such area, this Part of this Act shall apply to and London, that district as it applies to a municipal borough, with the

1918.

Representation of the People, 1918. Ch. 64.

263

substitution of the clerk of the urban district council for the town clerk, of the urban district council for the council of the borough, of the general district rate for the borough fund or borough rate, and of the chairman of the council for the mayor.

(2) Any reference to a municipal borough in this Part of this Act shall include a reference to a metropolitan borough and the City of London, with the substitution, as respects a metropolitan borough, of the clerk of the metropolitan borough council for the town clerk, and of the metropolitan borough council for the council of the municipal borough, and as respects the City of London, of the Secondary for the town clerk and of the common council for the council of the municipal borough.

Any registration expenses of a metropolitan borough council shall be paid as general expenses of the council, and any expenses of the common council shall be paid out of the general rate.

17. — (1) A freeman of the City of London, being a liveryman special proof one of the several companies who is entitled to be registered vi8i.°?"ito as a parliamentary elector in respect of a business premises SSmen, &c.° qualification within the city, shall be entitled, if he thinks fit, to

be entered in a separate list of liverymen in the register of parliamentary electors and to record his vote for Parliament as a liveryman.

(2) The foregoing provision shall apply to the freemen of any borough if the council of the borough so resolve, and the expression "freemen" shall include any persons by whatever name called enjoying in that borough rights similar to those enjoyed by freemen of the city of London in that city.

18. Every person who is an assistant overseer at the time Compensation of the passing of this Act, and who suffers any direct pecuniary

loss in consequence of this Act, shall be entitled to have com- "* pensation paid to him as registration expenses by the council responsible for the payment of registration expenses, and in determining such compensation —

(a) regard shall be had to the conditions and other circum-

stances required by subsection (1) of section one hundred and twenty of the Local Government Act, si & 62 Vict. 1888, in regard to cases of compensation under that c-4l* section; and

(b) the compensation shall not exceed the limit therein

mentioned; and

(e) the expression in subsection (1) of that section "The Acts and rules relating to Her Majesty's Civil Service " shall mean the Acts and rules relating to His Majesty's Civil Service which were in operation at the date of the passing of the Local Government Act, 1888; and

(d) the provisions of subsections (2) to (7) of the same section shall apply with such modifications (including

264

Register for university

constituencies.

Proportional representation in certain university constituencies, and certain other constituencies if scheme fon selection is approved.

Ch. 64. Representation of the People Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

the substitution of the " Local Government Board " for the " Treasury ") as may be required, and including in subsection (2) the substitution of the words "next before the thirtieth day of September, nineteen hundred and fourteen " for the words "next before the passing of this Act."

In this section the expression "assistant overseer " includes any person executing any of the duties of overseer, and receiving payment therefor.

19. The foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act shall not apply to university constituencies, but the governing body of every university forming, or forming part of, a university constituency shall cause a register to be kept in such form and made up, if desired, to such dates as they may direct, of persons entitled to vote in respect of a qualification at their university, and shall make the register available for the purpose of university elections for the constituency, and shall on the application of any person allow that person at all reasonable times to inspect and take extracts from the said register:

Provided that the governing body may direct that a person who before the passing of this Act has received a degree, but was not entitled to vote in respect thereof, shall have no right to be registered unless he makes a claim for the purpose.

The governing body of any such university may charge such fee as they think fit, not exceeding one pound, in respect of registration to any person who receives a degree at their university after the passing of this Act, or who has received a degree before the passing of this Act but was not entitled to vote in respect thereof.

Part III.

Method and Costs of Elections.

20. — (1) At a contested election for a university constituency, where there are two or more members to be elected, any election of the full number of members shall be according to the principle of proportional representation, each elector having one transferable vote as defined by this Act.

(2) — (a) His Majesty may appoint Commissioners to prepare as soon as may be after the passing of this Act a scheme under which as nearly as possible one hundred members shall be elected to the House of Commons at a general election on the principle of proportional representation for constituencies in Great Britain returning three or more members.

(b) The number of members of the House of Commons as fixed under this Act shall not be increased by any such scheme. For the purpose of such scheme the Commissioners shall (after holding such local inquiries as they may deem necessary) com-

1918.

Representation of the People Act, 1918. Ch. 64.

265

bine into single constituencies, returning not less than three nor more than seven members, such of the areas fixed as constituencies in the Ninth Schedule to this Act as they may select, but in selecting those areas they shall have regard to the advisability of applying the principle of proportional representation both to town and country.

(c) The scheme so prepared by the Commissioners shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament, and if both Houses by resolution adopt the scheme, the scheme shall, with any modifications or additions which may be agreed to by both Houses, take effect as if it were enacted in this Act, and the constituencies fixed under the scheme shall be substituted, so far as necessary, for the constituencies fixed under the Ninth Schedule to this Act.

(d) In any such constituency any contested election of the full number of members shall be according to the principle of proportional representation, each elector having one transferable vote as defined by this Act.

(e) His Majesty may by Order in Council make any adaptation of the provisions of this Act as to the machinery of registration or election which may appear to him to be necessary in consequence of the adoption of the scheme.

(3) His Majesty may by Order in Council frame regulations prescribing the method of voting, and transferring and counting votes, at any election, according to the principle of the transferable vote and for adapting the provisions of the Ballot Act, 85 & 36 Vict. 1872, and any other Act relating to parliamentary elections °*33-thereto, and with respect to the duties of returning officers in connection therewith; and any such regulations shall have

effect as if they were enacted in this Act.

(4) Nothing contained in thiB Act shall, except as expressly provided therein, affect the method of conducting parliamentary elections in force at the time of the passing of this Act.

21. — (1) At a general election all polls shall be held on one Poll* to be day, and the day fixed for receiving nominations shall be the jjalda°tnaone same in all constituencies, and accordingly the First Schedule generaUiec-to the Ballot Act, 1872, shall be modified as shown in Part I. tion.&c. of the Second Schedule to this Act.

In the case of a bye-election, the poll shall take place on such day as the returning officer may appoint, not being less than four or more than eight clear days after the day fixed for nomination, and the First Schedule to the Ballot Act, 1872, shall be modified accordingly.

(2) Official telegraphic information of the writ having been issued for a parliamentary election may be given in such cases and by such persons as may be directed by His Majesty in Council, and any steps for holding an election which may be taken on or after the receipt of the writ may be taken on or after the receipt of an official telegraphic intimation of the writ having been issued.

266

15 & 16 Vict,

c. 83.

Penalty for voting at a general election in more constituencies than allowed. 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

Voting by absent voters.

Ch. 64. Representation of the People Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

(3) The time appointed for the meeting of the Parliament may be any time not less than twenty clear days after the proclamation summoning the Parliament; and the Meeting of Parliament Act, 1852, is hereby repealed.

(4) Nothing in this section shall —

(a) affect the provisions of section one of the Ballot Act,

1872, relating to the commencement afresh of the proceedings with relation to the election on the death of a candidate, or apply to proceedings so commenced afresh; or

(b) apply to a university election.

22. — (1) If any person at a general election votes for more constituencies than he is entitled to vote for in accordance with this Act, or asks for a ballot or voting paper for the purpose of so voting, he shall be guilty of an illegal practice within the meaning of the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883; and the expression "illegal practice " shall be construed accordingly: Provided that —

(a) the court before whom a person is convicted under this

section may, if they think it just in the special circumstances of the case, mitigate or entirely remit any incapacity imposed by section ten of the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883; and

(b) the fact that any person has asked for a ballot paper in

a constituency in circumstances which entitle him only to mark a tendered ballot paper in pursuance of Rule 27 of the First Part of the First Schedule to the Ballot Act, 1872, shall not, if he does not exercise that right, prevent his voting or asking for a ballot or voting paper in another constituency; and

(c) the giving of a vote by a returning officer in pursuance

of section two of the Ballot Act, 1872, in the case of an equality of votes, or the asking for a ballot paper for the purpose of so voting, shall not, for the purposes of this section, be deemed to be the giving of a vote as a parliamentary elector, or the asking for a ballot paper for the purpose of so voting, j

(2) The questions set out in Part II. of the Second Schedule to this Act may be asked of any voter at a poll at a general election in addition to those authorised already to be asked; and unless there is an answer given in the negative, that person (except as provided in that Schedule) shall not vote.

23. — (1) For the purpose of giving persons whose names are entered on the absent voters list an opportunity of voting at a parliamentary election (other than a university election), the returning officer shall, where an election is contested, as soon as practicable after the adjournment of the election, send a ballot paper to each such person at the address recorded by the

1918.

Representation of the People, 1918. Ch. 64.

267

registration officer, together with a declaration of identity in the prescribed form.

(2) The ballot paper marked by the absent voter and accompanied by the declaration of identity duly signed and authenticated shall, if it is received by the returning officer before the close of the poll, be counted by him and treated for all purposes in the same manner as a ballot paper placed in the ballot box in the ordinary manner.

(3) During the continuance of the present war and a period of twelve months thereafter, for the purpose of allowing more time for the receipt of ballot papers from persons whose names are entered on the absent voters list, His Majesty may by Order in Council direct that the counting of votes at any elections to which the Order applies shall, instead of taking place as soon as practicable after die close of the poll, take place at such time (not exceeding eight days after the close of the poll) as may be fixed by the Order, and returning officers shall comply with any 6uch direction; and in any such case any vote received by the returning officer from an absent voter before the time at which the votes are to be counted shall be reckoned in the count.

(4) The following special provisions shall apply for the purpose of enabling persons whose names are entered on the absent voters list to appoint voting proxies in certain cases: —

(a) His Majesty may by Order in Council direct that voting

by proxy by naval or military voters shall be permitted in any area on land abroad mentioned in the Order if it appears to him that ballot papers sent to that area by post cannot reasonably be returned before the votes are counted, and that the case cannot be met by an Order under this section postponing the counting of votes:

(b) A person whose name is entered on the absent voters list,

if he satisfies the registration officer —

(i) that he is a naval or military voter and is serving, or about to serve, afloat or in any area on land abroad in which voting by proxy is permitted in pursuance of an Order in Council made under this section; or

(ii) that he is a merchant seaman, pilot, or fisherman (including the master of a merchant ship or fishing boat and an apprentice on such a ship or boat) and that there is a likelihood that he will be at the time of a parliamentary election at sea or about to go to sea;

shall be entitled, if he so desires, to appoint a proxy, and, having appointed a proxy, to vote by proxy at a parliamentary election in accordance with and subject to the provisions of this Act:

(c) No ballot paper shall be sent for the purpose of voting by

post to a person who has appointed a proxy under this provision while the appointment is in force, or to

268

Ch. 64. Representation of the People Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Voting'by persons in the employment o: returning officers.

Right to the use of elementary schools.

any naval or military voter if the returning officer knows that he is serving in an area in which voting by proxy is permitted in pursuance of an Order in Council made under this section:

(d) The provisions set out in the Third Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to voting by proxy.

(5) A person whose name is entered on the absent voters list shall not be entitled to vote except as an absent voter in pursuance of this section.

(6) His Majesty may by Order in Council prescribe the forms to be used for the purposes of this section, and make regulations as to the mode in which proxy papers may be issued and cancelled and in which ballot papers are to be sent to the voter for the purpose of voting by post and as to the authentication of any marked ballot papers, and generally for the purposes of carrying this section into effect and for preserving the secrecy of voting in pursuance thereof.

24. Where an elector for any constituency (other than a f university constituency) is employed by the returning officer for

that constituency for any purpose in connection with an election for that constituency, and the circumstances of that elector’s employment are, in the opinion of the returning officer, such as to prevent him from voting at the polling station at which the elector would otherwise be entitled to vote, the returning officer may authorise the elector, by a certificate given in the prescribed form, to vote at any other polling station in the constituency, and that polling station shall, for the purpose of Rule 18 of ' Part I. of the First Schedule to the Ballot Act, 1872, be deemed to be the polling station allotted to that elector.

25. — (1) A candidate at a parliamentary election (other than a university election) shall be entitled, for the purpose of holding a public meeting in furtherance of his candidature, to the use at reasonable times between the receipt of a writ for the election and the day of the poll, of a suitable room in any public elementary school situated within the constituency for which he is a candidate:

Provided that this enactment shall not authorise the use of any room used as part of a private dwelling-house nor authorise any interference with the school hours of an elementary day or evening school.

(2) A charge may be made to cover any actual and necessary expenses incurred by the local education authority, or by the managers of the school, in respect of the preparation of the room before the meeting for the purposes of the meeting, and after the meeting for school purposes, and for warming, lighting, and cleaning the room.

(3) If by reason of the use of any room under this Act any damage is done to the school-house, or to the furniture, fittings, or apparatus, the damage shall be defrayed by the person by whom, or on whose behalf, the meeting is convened.

1918.

Representation of the People, 1918. Ch. 64.

269

26. — (1) A candidate at a parliamentary election, or someone Deposit by on his behalf, shall deposit, or cause to be deposited, with the caaduUtea at returning officer, during the time appointed for the election, the Sections? 7 sum of one hundred and fifty pounds, and, if he fails to do so,

he shall be deemed to be withdrawn within the provisions of the Ballot Act, 1872.

(2) The deposit may be made by the deposit of any legal tender or, with the consent of the returning officer, in any other manner.

(3) If after the deposit is made the candidate is withdrawn in pursuance of the provisions of the Ballot Act, 1872, the deposit shall be returned to the person by whom the deposit was made; and if the candidate dies after the deposit is made, and before the poll is commenced, the deposit, if made by him, shall be returned to his legal personal representative, or, if not made by him, shall be returned to the person by whom the deposit was made.

27. — (1) If a candidate who has made the required deposit Forfeiture of is not elected, and the number of votes polled by him does not exceed, in the case of a constituency returning one or two members, one-eighth of the total number of votes polled, or in

the case of a constituency returning more than two members one-eighth of the number of votes polled divided by the number of members to be elected, the amount deposited shall be forfeited to His Majesty; but in any other case that amount shall be returned to the candidate, where the candidate is elected, as soon as he has taken the oath as a member, and, where the candidate is not elected, as soon as practicable after the result of the election is declared:

Provided that where a candidate is nominated at a general election in more than one constituency he shall in no case recover his deposit more than once, and in such case the deposits shall be forfeited to His Majesty except such one as the Treasury direct to be returned to the candidate.

(2) For the purposes of this section the number of votes polled shall be deemed to be the number of ballot papers (other than spoilt ballot papers) counted; and where the election is held under the system of the transferable vote the number of votes polled by a candidate shall be the number of votes polled by him as first preferences.

28. The returning officer at a parliamentary election (other Returning than a university election) shall, notwithstanding anything in officer8, any other Act, be:—

(1) In the case of a parliamentary county which is coter-

minous with, or wholly contained in, one administrative county, the sheriff;

(2) In the case of a parliamentary borough which is co-

terminous with, or wholly contained in, a county of a city or town having a sheriff, the sheriff, and in the case of the City of London, the sheriffs;

270

Payment of returning officers’ expensea by Treasury.

Discharge of

returning

officers ’

Ch. 64. Representation of the People Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

(3) In the case of a parliamentary borough which is co-

terminous with, or wholly contained in, one municipal borough (not being a county of a city or town having a sheriff), or one metropolitan borough, or one urban district, the mayor or chairman of the council, as the case requires; and

(4) In any other case, such sheriff, mayor, or chairman, as

may be designated for the purpose by the Local Government Board.

29. — (1) The returning officer at a parliamentary election (other than a university election) shall be entitled to his reasonable charges, not exceeding the sums specified in the scale of maximum charges framed under this section, in respect of services and expenses of the several kinds mentioned in the said scale which have been properly rendered or incurred by him for the purposes of or in connexion with the election.

(2) The amount of any such charges shall be paid by the Treasury out of moneys provided by Parliament on an account being submitted to the Treasury in accordance with regulations made under this section; but the Treasury may, if they think fit, before payment apply to the court as defined by this section for the taxation of the account, and the court shall have jurisdiction to tax the account in such manner and at such time and place as the court thinks fit, and finally to determine the amount payable to the returning officer.

On the request of the returning officer for an advance on account of his charges, the Treasury may, if they think fit, and on such terms as they think fit, make such an advance.

(3) Where an application is made for the taxation of a returning officer’s account, the returning officer may apply to the court to examine any claim made by any person against him in respect of matters charged in the account; and the court, after notice given to the claimant and after giving him an opportunity to be heard and to tender any evidence, may allow or disallow or reduce the claim objected to, with or without costs; and the determination of the court shall be final for all purposes and as against all persons.

(4) The Treasury shall prescribe a scale of maximum charges for the purposes of this section and may revise the scale as and when they think fit, and may also make regulations as to the time when and manner and form in which accounts are to be rendered to them for the purpose of the payment of the charges.

(5) The court for the purposes of this section shall be, as respects an election in the City of London, the Mayor’s Court; and elsewhere in England and in Ireland the county court having jurisdiction at the place of nomination for the election to which the proceedings relate; and as regards Scotland " the court " shall mean the Auditor of the Court of Session.

30. Except as herein provided the duties of returning officer at parliamentary elections (other than a university election) shall

1918.

Representation of the People, 1918. Ch. 64.

271

be discharged by the registration officer as acting returning duties by officer, and the acting returning officer shall have all the powers, duties, rights and liabilities of the returning officer under any officer, enactments relating to parliamentary elections, and those enactments (including this Act) shall have effect accordingly and the acting returning officer shall have power to appoint deputies.

This section shall not apply to any duties which the returning officer reserves to himself and undertakes to perform in person.

Any appointment of a deputy by the acting returning officer shall be subject to the approval of the Local Government Board.

A returning officer at a parliamentary election shall not, if all his duties are discharged by the acting returning officer, be disqualified by reason of being returning officer for being a candidate at the election.

31. — (1) It shall be the duty of the council whose clerk Division of is the registration officer for any constituency or by whom the ^tlt"e"cy registration officer is appointed, as occasion requires, to divide distm^and the constituency into polling districts, and to appoint polling appointment of places for the polling districts, in such manner as to give to all1)01111X2 p aCGB' electors in the constituency such reasonable facilities for voting as are practicable in the circumstances:

Provided that, before dividing any constituency in the administrative county of London into polling districts, the authority therefor shall send a draft of any scheme for that purpose to the London County Council, and shall take into consideration any representations made to them by that Council.

(2) If a local authority, or not less than thirty electors, in a constituency make a representation to the Local Government Board that the polling districts or polling places do not meet the reasonable requirements of the electors in the constituency, or any body of electors, the Local Government Board shall consider the representation, and may, if they think fit, direct the council whose duty it is to divide the constituency into polling districts to make such alterations as the Board think necessary in the circumstances, and if the council fail to make those alterations within a month after the direction is given may themselves make the alterations, and any alterations so made shall have effect as if they had been made by the council.

In this provision the expression "local authority" means as respects any constituency the council of any county, borough, urban or rural district, or parish wholly or partly situate in the constituency, or the parish meeting of any parish so situate where there is no parish council.

(3) On the exercise of any powers given by this section the council by whom the powers are exercised shall send to the Local Government Board a report, and publish in the constituency a notice, showing the boundaries of any polling districts or the situation of any polling places constituted as a result of the exercise of the power.

272 Ch. 64. Representation of the People, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

(4) An election shall not be questioned by reason of any non-compliance with the provisions of this section or any informality relative to polling districts or polling places.

(5) This section shall not apply to university constituencies.

(6) Nothing in this section shall affect any polling districts or polling places constituted before the passing of this Act until occasion arises for the exercise of the powers given by this section.

Place of 32. The place of election shall be fixed for each constituency

election. (other than a university constituency) by the returning officer, and shall be —

(a) if the constituency is a parliamentary borough, or a

division of a parliamentary borough, some place within the borough; and

(b) if the constituency is a parliamentary county, or a

division of a parliamentary county, some place within the county or within a parliamentary borough adjoining the county.

Scale of 33. — (1) The provisions set out in the Fourth Schedule to

pen&e8.n ex* ^ct ^e substituted for Part IV. and paragraph (3) of

Part V. of the First Schedule to the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883 (which relate to the maximum scale of election expenses), and that Act shall have effect accordingly.

(2) Any candidate at a parliamentary election shall, subject to regulations of the Postmaster-General, be entitled to send, free of any charge for postage, to each registered elector for the constituency, one postal communication containing matter relating to the election only, and not exceeding two ounces in weight:

Provided that a candidate shall not be entitled to exercise the right of free postage conferred by this provision before he is duly nominated, unless he has given such security as may be required by the Postmaster-General for the payment of postage in case he does not eventually become nominated.

For the purpose of this provision candidates who are, under paragraph (4) of Part V. of the First Schedule to the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883, deemed to be joint candidates at an election shall be treated as a single candidate.

Expenses 34. — (1) A person other than the election agent of a

umkuthorisLi candidate shall not incur any expenses on account of holding persons. public meetings or issuing advertisements, circulars or publications for the purpose of promoting or procuring the election of any candidate at a parliamentary election, unless he is authorised in writing to do so by such election agent.

(2) If any person acts in contravention of this section, he shall be guilty of a corrupt practice other than personation

1918.

273

Representation of the People Act, 1918. Ch. 64.

within the meaning of the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883, and the expression "corrupt practice " shall be construed accordingly:

Provided that the court before whom a person is convicted under this section may, if they think it just in the special circumstances of the case, mitigate or entirely remit any incapacity imposed by section six of the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883.

(3) Any expenses incurred on account of any such purpose as aforesaid and authorised by the election agent of the candidate shall be duly returned as part of the candidate’s election expenses.

35. The following Acts, that is to say, — Certain Acte

The Ballot Act, 1872; SES JJE*.

The Parliamentary Elections (Returning Officers) Act, 39 Vict.

The Parliamentary Elections Returning Officers Expenses 41 & 42 Vict. (Scotland) Act, 1878; c. 41.

The Parliamentary Elections and Corrupt Practices Act, 43 viot. c. 18. 1880;

The Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883;

The Municipal Elections (Corrupt and Illegal Practices) 47 & 48 vict Act, 1884; c. 70.

The Local Government (Elections) Act, 1896; 69 & 60 Vict.

shall become permanent Acts, and any provision in any Act in °*!* force at the date of the passing of this Act which limits the period for which any of those Acts are to remain in operation shall cease to have effect.

36. — (1) The provisions contained in Part I. of the Fifth Conduct of Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to elections for university constituencies other than the Scottish university constituencies, constituency, and the provisions contained in Part II. of that Schedule shall have effect with respect to elections for the Scottish University constituency, and His Majesty may, by Order in Council, make such regulations as appear necessary or desirable for giving full effect to those provisions and for the effective and proper conduct of those elections.

Any such regulations may be made so as to be applicable generally to elections for university constituencies or specially to elections for any particular university constituency.

(2) This Part of this Act shall, except as expressly provided, apply to university constituencies and university elections.

(3) In the application of the provisions of this Act which are applicable to university constituencies and university elections to those constituencies and elections the following modifications shall have effect: —

(a) "Voting paper" shall be substituted for "ballot paper, " and for any reference to the Ballot Act, 1872, there shall be substituted a reference to the corresponding provision

274

Redistribution of seats.

Punishment of offences committed outside the United Kingdom.

Ch. 64. Representation of the People, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

of this Act, or regulations made thereunder in relation to university constituencies or university elections:

(b) It shall not be necessary to prepafe an absent voters list,

but the right to vote by proxy may be exercised by any person who would be entitled to exercise such right if his name were entered on an absent voters list, so long as all other conditions enabling him to vote by proxy are fulfilled:

(c) Where a candidate’s deposit is forfeited the deposit shall

be retained by the university.

Part IV.

Redistribution of Seats.

37. — (1) Each of the areas mentioned in the first column of the First Part of the Ninth Schedule to this Act shall be a parliamentary borough returning the number of members specified opposite thereto in the said Schedule, and where so provided in the Schedule shall be divided into the divisions specified therein, and each such division shall return one member.

(2) Each of the areas mentioned in the first column of the Second Part of the Ninth Schedule to this Act shall be a parliamentary county returning the number of members specified opposite thereto in the said Schedule, and where so provided in the Schedule shall be divided into the divisions specified therein, and each such division shall return one member.

(3) Each of the universities and combinations of universities mentioned in the Third Part of the Ninth Schedule to this Act shall be a constituency returning the number of members specified opposite thereto in the said Schedule.

(4) The distribution of seats in Great Britain under this Part of this Act shall take the place of the distribution of seats existing at the time of the passing of this Act; and all writs for parliamentary elections and other documents consequent upon the writs or relating to parliamentary elections or the registration of electors shall be framed and expressed in such manner and form as may be necessary for carrying into effect the provisions of this Act.

Part V.

General.

38. Where any person commits out of the United Kingdom any act which if that act had been committed in the United Kingdom would have rendered that person liable to prosecution and punishment under the Ballot Act, 1872, or the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883 (as amended by any

1918.

Representation of the People Act, 1918. Ch. 64.

275

subsequent Act), or under this Act, that person shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished as though the act had been committed in the United Kingdom at any place where that person may for the time being be.

For the purposes of any such prosecution any period prescribed as the period within which proceedings may be commenced shall be reckoned as from the date on which the person charged returned to the United Kingdom next after the commission of the offence.

39. The council having power to divide a constituency into polling districts shall, not later than one month after the passing of this Act, take into consideration the division of the constituency into polling districts, and make any rearrangements of those districts and of polling places which it appears necessary to make as a consequence of alterations effected by this Act.

40. — (1) All rules, regulations, or provisions made by Order in Council under this Act shall be laid before each House of Parliament forthwith; and unless and until an address is presented to His Majesty by either House of Parliament within the next subsequent twenty-one days on which that House has sat next after any such rule, regulation, or provision is laid before it, praying that the rule, regulation, or provision may be annulled, the rule, regulation, or provision shall have effect as if enacted in this Act.

(2) Any Order in Council under this Act may be revoked or varied as occasion requires by any subsequent Order in Council.

41. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, —

(1) The expression "constituency" means any county,

borough, or combination of places, or university or combination of universities, returning a member to serve in Parliament; and, where a county or borough is divided for the purpose of parliamentary elections, means a division of the county or borough so divided; and elections for any such division shall be held in the same manner and subject to the same provisions as those for undivided counties or boroughs:

(2) The expression "local government electoral area"

means the area for which any county council, municipal borough council, metropolitan borough council, district council, board of guardians, parish council, or any other body elected at the time of the passing of this Act by persons on the local government register or on the register of parochial electors is elected; and the expression "local government election" means an election for any such council, board, or body:

Re-arrangement of polling districts to suit new constituencies.

Regulations to be laid before Parliament.

Interpretation.

276

Ch. 64. Representation of the People, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

(3) The expression "general election" means an election

of members to serve in a new Parliament of the United Kingdom:

(4) The expression "university constituency" means a

constituency consisting of a university or a combination of universities; and the expression "university election" means an election of a member or members of Parliament for a university constituency:

(5) A person who is an inmate or patient in any prison,

lunatic asylum, workhouse, poorhouse, or any other similar institution shall not by reason thereof be treated as resident therein for any purpose of this Act:

(6) The expression "transferable vote" means a vote —

(a) capable of being given so as to indicate the voter’s preference for the candidates in order; and

(h)capable of being transferred to the next choice when the vote is not required to give a prior choice the necessary quota of votes, or when, owing to the deficiency in the number of the votes given for a prior choice, that choice is eliminated from the list of candidates:

(7) For the purposes of registration a person’s age shall

be taken to be that person’s age on the last day of the qualifying period:

(8) The expression "dwelling-house " includes any part of

of a house where that part is occupied separately as a dwelling-house:

(9) The yearly value of land or premises shall be taken to

be the gross estimated rental, or in the metropolis the gross value, where those premises are separately assessed to rates, and in any other case shall be deemed to be the amount which would in the opinion of the registration officer be the gross estimated rental or gross value, as the case requires if they were separately assessed:

(10) The expression "afloat" and expressions relating to

service afloat in connection with naval and military voters shall be interpreted in accordance with rules made for the purpose by the Admiralty:

(11) The expression "prescribed" means prescribed by

His Majesty by Order in Council.

Adaptation of 42. The parliamentary and the local government franchises

Acta' enacted by this Act shall take the place of all parliamentary

and, so far as respects local government elections within the meaning of this Act, of all local government franchises existing at the time of the passing of this Act; and the provisions set out in the Sixth Schedule to this Act with respect to the adapta-

1918.

Representation of the People, 1918. Ch. 64.

277

tion of Acts shall have effect for the purpose of adapting the law to the provisions of this Act.

48. This Act shall apply to Scotland, subject to the following Application to modifications: — Scotland.

(1) Unless the context otherwise requires —

(a) The word " borough " except as used in the expression "parliamentary borough" means "burgh";

(b) The expression "local government electoral area" means the area for which any county council, town council, parish council, or school board, is elected, and "local government election" means an election for any such council or board;

(c) The expression "the Local Government Board" (except where otherwise expressly provided) means the Secretary for Scotland;

(d) The expression "Valuation Acts" means the

Lands Valuation (Scotland) Act, 1854, and any Acts i? 18 Vict. amending the same; ' c. 91.

(e) The expression "governing body" used in relation to a university means the university court;

(f) A reference to the Supreme Court shall be construed as a reference to the Court of Session;

(g) A reference to the Court of Appeal shall be construed as a reference to the court of three judges of the Court of Session constituted by the twenty-third section of the Representation of the People (Scotland) Act, 1868;

(h) A reference to the county court shall be construed as a reference to the sheriff court:

(2) The yearly value of any subjects shall be taken to be the

value appearing in the valuation roll where those subjects are separately valued in that roll, and in any other case shall be deemed to be the value which would in the opinion of the registration officer be entered therein if they were so valued:

(3) The section of this Act relating to local government

franchise (men) shall not apply, and in lieu thereof —

(a) A man who is of full age and not subject to any legal incapacity shall be entitled to be registered as a local government elector for a local government electoral area if he is on the last day of the qualifying period and has been during the whole of that period —

(i) the owner of lands and heritages within the area of the yearly value of not less than ten pounds:Where such lands and heritages are in the joint ownership of two or more persons and the aggregate yearly value of the lands and

U

Ch. 64. Representation of the People Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

heritages is not less than the amount produced by multiplying ten pounds by the number of the joint owners, each of the joint owners shall be treated as owning lands and heritages of the yearly value of not less than ten pounds; or

(ii) the occupier as tenant of lands and heritages within the area of the yearly value of not less than ten pounds: Where such lands and heritages are in the joint occupation as tenants of two or more persons, and the aggregate yearly value of the lands and heritages is not less than the amount produced by multiplying ten pounds by the number of the joint occupiers, each of the joint occupiers shall be tre'ated as occupying lands and heritages of the yearly value of not less than ten pounds; or

(iii) the inhabitant occupier as owner or tenant of a dwelling-house within the area; or

(iv) the occupier of lodgings within the area of the yearly value if let unfurnished of not less than ten pounds: Where such lodgings are in the joint-occupation of not more than two persons and the aggregate yearly value as aforesaid of the lodgings is not less than twenty pounds, each of the joint lodgers shall be treated as occupying lodgings of the yearly value of not less than ten pounds; or

(v) the inhabitant occupier by virtue of any office, service, or employment of a dwelling-house within the area which is not inhabited by the person in whose service he is in such office, service, or employment:

(&) The ownership or occupation in immediate succession of different lands and heritages, dwelling-houses, or lodgings, as the case may be, in the same parliamentary county or in the same parliamentary borough shall have the like effect in qualifying a man to be registered as a local government elector for a local government electoral area therein respectively, as the continued ownership or occupation of the same lands and heritages, dwelling-houses, or lodgings within that area;

(c) In this section "owner" shall include heir of entail in possession, life-renter, and beneficiary entitled under any trust to the rents and profits of lands and heritages and shall not include the fiar of lands and heritages subject to a life-rent, nor tutor, curator, judicial factor, nor commissioner; " lands and heritages " has the same meaning as in

1918.

Representation of the People, 1918. Ch. 64.

279

the Valuation Acts, and "dwelling-house" means any house or part of a house occupied as a separate dwelling:

(4) Subsection (1) of the section of this Act relating to franchises (women) shall not apply, and in lieu thereof — .

(a) A woman who is not subject to any legal incapacity shall be entitled to be registered as a parliamentary elector for a constituency (other than a university constituency) if she has attained the age of thirty years, and if either she or her husband i6 on the last day of the qualifying period occupying as owner or tenant any land or premises in the constituency (hereinafter in this subsection called "the qualifying premises"), and has during the whole of the qualifying period so occupied any land or premises in the county or county of a city in which the qualifying premises are situated:

(ft) For the purposes of this subsection —

(i) the word "tenant " shall include a person who inhabits by virtue of any office, service, or employment any dwelling-house which is not inhabited by the person in whose service he or she is in such office, service, or employment:

(ii) the word "tenant " shall include a person who occupies a room or rooms as a lodger only where such room or rooms are let to him or her in an unfurnished state:

(iii) the expression "land or premises" means any land or premises (other than a dwelling-house) of the yearly value of hot less than five pounds or any dwelling-house:

(iv) a woman, though she or her husband may have been occupying land or premises in the constituency on the last day of the qualifying period, shall not be entitled to be so registered, if she or her husband, as the case may be, commenced to occupy the land or premises within thirty days before the end of the qualifying period and ceased to occupy them within thirty days after the commencement of such occupation:

(v) the word "county" means a county inclusive of all burghs therein except a county of a city, and the word "dwelling-house" means any house or part of a house occupied as a separate dwelling:

(vi) where land or premises are in the joint occupation of two or more persons, each of the joint occupiers shall be treated as occupying the same, provided that not more than two

280

Ch. 64. Representation of the People, 1918. 7 8 Geo. 5.

joint occupiers shall be so treated in respect of the same land or premises, unless they are bona fide engaged as partners, carrying on their profession, trade, or business on the land or premises, and provided further that in the case of land or premises (other than a dwelling-house) the aggregate yearly value thereof must be not less than the amount produced by multiplying five pounds by the number of joint occupiers:

(c) A woman registered by virtue of this section shall be deemed to be registered by virtue of her own or her husband’s local government qualification:

(5) Subsection (1) of the section of this Act relating to

supplemental provisions as to residence and occupation shall not apply except in so far as that subsection relates to the parliamentary franchise for men, and subsection (4) of the said section shall not apply:

(6) The section of this Act relating to provisions as to disqualifications shall have effect as if the following provision were enacted therein:

A person shall not be disqualified from being registered or from voting as a parliamentary or local government elector by reason that he is the town clerk or depute town clerk of any burgh or the assessor under the Valuation Acts in any burgh or county:

(7) The section of this Act relating to provision as to qualification of councillor shall not apply:

(8) The section of this Act relating to registration officers and areas shall not apply, and in lieu thereof —

Each burgh, the town council whereof was entitled under the law in force at the passing of this Act to appoint an assessor for the purpose of parliamentary registration, and each county (exclusive of every such burgh), or, where any county is divided for the purpose of parliamentary elections, each part of the county (with the like exclusion) which lies within a separate parliamentary division, shall be a registration area; and the assessor of the burgh or county under the Valuation Acts, or where there are two or more such assessors, one of them appointed for the purpose of parliamentary registration by the town or county council, as the case may be, shall be the registration officer of that area, and all other assessors (^if any) in that area shall, for the purpose of the registration of parliamentary and local government electors, be subject to the instructions of the registration officer and shall be bound to act on such instructions:

Provided that, from and after the date when the first register under this Act shall have been completed,

1918. Representation of the People, 1918. Ch. 64.

an officer of Inland Revenue shall not be appointed or continue to act as assessor for any burgh or county under the Valuation Acts without the consent of the Treasury:

(9) The provisions regarding the appointment of an assistant judge in the section of this Act relating to appeals shall not apply:

(10) In the application of the section of this Act relating to right to the use of elementary schools the expression "any public elementary school" means " any school in receipt of a parliamentary grant":

(11) The first subsection of the section of this Act relating to expenses of registration shall not apply, and in lieu thereof —

Any expenses properly incurred by any registration officer in the performance of his duties in relation to registration, including all proper and reasonable charges for trouble, care, and attention in the performance of those duties and any cost incurred by him as party to an appeal (in this Act referred to as " registration expenses shall be paid by the council appointing the registration officer: Provided that, where a burgh within the meaning of the Local 62 & Government (Scotland) Act, 1889, is not a separate c*60 registration area, the council thereof shall pay to the council appointing the registration officer a contribution towards the registration expenses, and subsection (4) of section sixty and section sixty-six of that Act shall apply, with the necessary modifications, to such contribution. The amount necessary to defray any registration expenses or any contribution thereto, as the case may be, shall be assessed and levied in any one of the modes allowed by the Valuation Acts with respect to the costs and expenses of making up the valuation roll:

(12) In subsection (5) of the section of this Act relating to

expenses of registration the expression "the council " whose clerk the registration officer is" means " the " council appointing the registration officer":

(13) The sections of this Act relating to returning officers

and to discharge of returning officers’ duties by an acting returning officer shall not apply, and in lieu thereof: —

The returning officer at parliamentary elections (other than a university election) shall as heretofore be the sheriff of the sheriffdom within which the constituency is wholly situated or, where the constituency is situated in more than one sheriffdom, the sheriff specified in the Seventh Schedule to this Act, and the power of appointing deputies conferred by section eight of the Ballot Act, 1872, on certain

281

63 Vict.

282

Ch. 64. Representation of the People, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 40.

sheriffs shall be exerciseable by any sheriff who is returning officer for more than one constituency or who, by reason of sickness or unavoidable absence, is incapacitated from performing any of the duties devolving upon him as returning officer, and in the event of no such appointment being made by a sheriff so incapacitated or in the event of any vacancy in the office of sheriff at the time when any of such duties require to be performed, the sheriff substitute at the place at which the writ for the election is appointed to be received shall act as returning officer, and shall perform all the duties and have all the powers (including the power of appointing deputies) of such returning officer:

(14) Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (1) of

the section of this Act relating to polls to be held on one day at a general election, etc., the poll at any general or bye-election for the constituency of Orkney and Zetland shall remain open for two consecutive days as heretofore:

(15) The provisions of the last paragraph of the section of

this Act relating to register for university constituencies shall not apply, and the said section shall have effect as if regulation sixteen of section two of the Universities Elections Amendment (Scotland) Act, 1881, were enacted therein in lieu of the said paragraph:

(16) The section of this Act relating to place of election

shall not apply, and in lieu thereof: —

In the case of parliamentary elections (other than an election for a university constituency), the place of election shall be a convenient room situated in such place as the Secretary for Scotland may by order from time to time determine:

(17) In the application of the section of this Act relating

to division of constituency into polling districts and appointment of polling places, and of the section of this Act relating to re-arrangement of polling districts to suit new constituencies, the returning officer shall be substituted for the council having a power or duty under those sections to divide a constituency into polling districts, and the Lord Advocate shall be substituted for the Local Government Board:

(18) Notwithstanding anything in this Act it shall not in the

year nineteen hundred and nineteen and subsequent years be necessary —

(a) As regards any burgh or any registration unit therein, if the town council of the burgh so resolve, to show or distinguish in any spring register the names of persons entitled to vote as local government electors; or

1918.

Representation of the People Act, 1918. Ch. 64.

283

(b) As regards any county or any registration unit therein, if the county council of the county so resolve, to show or distinguish in any register other than the autumn register in those years in which county council elections fall to be held the names of persons entitled to vote as local government electors:

Provided that —

(i) a resolution under this section shall not have effect unless it is passed as respects the spring register in any year before the first day of January in that year, and as respects the autumn register in any year before the first day of July in that year;

(ii) for all the purposes of the registration of local government electors in any burgh or county or registration unit therein to which any

. such resolution applies, the last preceding local government register shall remain in force until a new local government register comes into force:

In this subsection " burgh " has the same meaning as in the Town Councils (Scotland) Act, 1900, and " county" means a county exclusive of any such burgh:

(19) Except as expressly provided in this Act —

(a) Nothing in this Act shall take effect so as to deprive any royal or parliamentary burgh losing separate representation under this Act of any right, privilege, or status, whether for purposes of local government or otherwise, hitherto enjoyed by such burgh as a royal or parliamentary burgh; and

(b) Nothing in this Act or in any Act in force at the passing of this Act as read with this Act shall take effect so as to confer upon any police burgh acquiring separate representation under this Act any rights, privileges, or status, whether for purposes of local government or otherwise, not enjoyed by other police burghs.

In this subsection the references to royal, parliamentary, or police burghs shall be deemed to include references to the magistrates, town councils, and officers thereof, respectively, and the expression "separate representation" shall be construed as meaning the right to return, or to contribute as a burgh to return, a member, or members to Parliament.

63 & 34 Vict. 0.49.

284

Ch. 64. Representation of the People Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

44. This Act shall apply to Ireland subject to the following modifications: —

(1) References to the Lord Chancellor shall be construed as references to the Lord Chancellor of Ireland.

The Lord Chancellor shall not sit as a member of the Court of Appeal on the hearing of appeals from the county court under this Act.

In any county in which the jurisdiction of the county court is exercised for the time being by two or more county court judges, the appeals from the registration officer shall be dealt with by such one of those judges or his assistant judge as may be directed by the Lord Chancellor, or shall be distributed amongst those judges and their assistant judges according as may be so directed.

For the purposes of this Act, county court rules, orders, and scales of fees, costs, and charges may be made under sections seventy-nine, eighty-three, and eighty-four of the County Officers and Courts (Ireland) 40 & 4i Vict. Act, 1877; but the provisions of those sections as to

c. 56. the concurrence of, or certification by, county court

judges or the recorder shall not apply:

(2) The reference to the Local Government Board in relation

to the approval of a deputy for the execution of any of the powers and duties of a registration officer shall be construed as a reference to the Lord Lieutenant, and other references to that Board shall be construed as references to the Local Government Board for Ireland:

(3) — (a) The clerk of the crown and peace for an adminis-

trative county, not being a county borough, shall be the registration officer for any parliamentary county which is coterminous with, or the whole or greater part of which is contained in, the administrative county, and for any parliamentary borough of which the whole or greater part is contained in the administrative county and no part is contained in a county borough, and the clerk of the crown and peace for a county borough shall be the registration officer for any parliamentary borough which is coterminous with, or the whole or any part of which is contained in, the county borough, and the council of that administrative comity or county borough, as the case may be, shall be the council by which the registration expenses of that registration officer are to be paid, subject in cases where the parliamentary county or parliamentary borough is not coterminous with, or wholly contained in, the administrative county or county borough, as the case may be, to such contribution by the council of any other administrative county or county borough

Application to Ireland.

1918.

Representation of the People Act, 1918. Ch. 64.

285

as the Local Government Board may direct: Provided that the registration expenses to be paid by a council shall not include any charges for trouble, care, and attention, in the performance of duties which are performed by the registration officer in person:

Provided also that the persons who, at the passing of this Act, are town clerks for the county borough of Dublin and the county borough of Belfast, respectively, shall, so long as they hold their respective offices, be the registration officers for the parliamentary borough of Dublin and the parliamentary borough of Belfast, respectively, and that the last preceding proviso shall not apply in their case:

(6) The registration expenses shall be paid in the case of the council of a county borough, out of the rate or fund out of which the general expenses of the council are paid, or out of any other rate or fund which the Local Government Board may on the application of the council approve, and, in the case of a council of any other administrative county, out of the poor rate as a county at large charge, except in cases to which section twelve of the Parliamentary Registration 48 49 Vict. (Ireland) Act, 1885, applies: c. 17.

(c) Li the event of any vacancy in the office of registration officer or in the event of the registration officer’s incapacity to act, the powers and duties of the registration officer may be exercised and performed by any person temporarily appointed in that behalf by the Lord Chancellor:

(d) The power of advancing sums to a registration officer on account of registration expenses shall be exerciseable by the council by which those expenses are to be paid:

(e) This section, in its application to the county of Tipperary, shall have effect as if each parliamentary division of the county were a separate parliamentary county, and as if the clerk of the crown and peace for the entire county were clerk of the crown and peace for the administrative counties of the North Riding and the South Riding respectively:

(4) Where an administrative county is divided into ridings the Lord Lieutenant may, by order, divide the parliamentary county into a corresponding number of registration areas, and make any adaptations of this Act which may be necessary in consequence of the division, and the clerk of the crown and peace for any riding shall be registration officer for such of those areas as may be directed by the Lord Lieutenant:

286

Ch. 64. Representation of the People Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

61 63 Vict.

c. 37.

(5) For the purposes of appeals from the registration officer,

and also for the purpose of the revision of jurors’ lists, the powers and jurisdiction of the county court shall, unless and until the Lord Lieutenant otherwise direct, be exercised, as respects the parliamentary borough of Dublin, by the persons who are at the time of the passing of this Act Dublin revising barristers, and as respects the parliamentary county of .Dublin by the person who is at the time of the passing of this Act revising barrister for that county; but while those powers are so exercised, the provisions of this Act as to county courts shall apply to those persons as they apply to county courts, with the necessary modifications, and in particular with the modification that assistant judges may be appointed to assist those persons if, in the opinion of the Lord Chancellor, such appointment is necessary in order to enable the appeals to be disposed of with proper despatch:

(6) The expenses of any printing required in connection

with registration shall be treated as part of the expenses of the registration officer under this Act, notwithstanding that the printing is arranged for by the county council under section ninety-six of the Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1898:

(7) The expression "assistant overseer" means a town

clerk, secretary of a county council, clerk of an urban district council, an existing clerk of the union, within the meaning of the Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1898, and a collector of poor rate:

(8) Notwithstanding the limit imposed in subsection (2) of

section twenty-seven of the County Officers and Courts (Ireland) Act, 1877, the salaries of clerks of the crown and peace may be increased by orders made under that subsection to such extent as appears to the Lord Lieutenant and Council, with the concurrence of the Treasury, to be proper, having regard to the additional duties imposed on those officers by this Act: Provided that the liability of a clerk of the crown and peace to account for sums other than registration expenses received by him as registration officer shall not extend to any such increase of salary:

(9) The provisions with respect to the division of con-

stituency into polling districts and appointment of polling places shall have effect with the following modifications: —

(a) A reference to the council by which the registration expenses of the registration officer for any constituency are to be paid shall be substituted for the reference to the council whose clerk the

1918.

Representation of the People, 1918. Ch. 64.

287

registration officer for any constituency is, or by whom the registration officer is appointed:

(6) The powers of a council under the said provisions shall be exercised in accordance with rules made by the Local Government Board, and any exercise of the powers shall be subject to confirmation by that Board who may confirm the proposed division, appointment or alteration either with or without modifications, or may withhold confirmation:

(c) The Board may cause a local inquiry to be held as respects any questions arising in connection with the said provisions, and article thirty-two of the schedule to the Local Government (Application of Enactments) Order, 1898, shall apply to any such inquiry:

(10) Part IV. of this Act, and the provisions with respect

to an urban district which is coterminous with, or wholly contained in, a registration area, or with respect to the persons who are to be returning officers, or with respect to the discharge of returning officers’ duties by an acting returning officer, or with respect to place of election, or with respect to the right to the use of elementary schools, shall not apply:

(11) — (a) The qualifying period shall be a period of six

months ending on the fifteenth day of July and including that day:

Provided that one month shall be substituted for six months in the application of this provision to a person who is a naval or military voter or who has been serving as a member of the naval, military, or air forces of the Crown at any time during the said six months and has ceased so to serve;

(i b) One register of electors only shall be made in each year, and all provisions applicable to the autumn register shall apply as respects the yearly register (except that the yearly register shall remain in force until the fifteenth day of October in the next following year), and the provisions as to the preparation of two registers in each year and as to the spring register shall not apply:

(12) The yearly value of premises shall be taken to be the

rateable value where those premises are separately valued, and in any other case shall be deemed to be the amount which would, in the opinion of the registration officer, be the rateable value if they were separately valued:

(13) A person shall not be entitled to be registered or vote

for a parliamentary county constituency in respect of a qualification in a parliamentary borough constituency:

288

* Ch. 64. Representation of the People, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

, (14) The following proviso shall be substituted for the

proviso at the end of subsection (2) of section eight: "Nothing in this provision shall prevent a person " voting at an election to fill a casual vacancy in a " borough council in any ward for which he is " registered."

Application of 45. The provisions of this Act shall apply to the Isles of of Sciliy!0 Isles SdUy as if those isles were an administrative county, and as if the council of those isles were a county council, and any expenses incurred by the council under this Act shall be paid as general expenses of the council.

Commencement of Act and first register.

Repeal and short title.

46. — (1) This Act shall come into operation on the passing thereof: Provided that nothing in this Act shall affect —

(a) any parliamentary register for the time being in force, or any parliamentary elections, or the constitution of the House of Commons, until Parliament is first dissolved or ceases to have continuance after the first register to be prepared under this Act comes into force; or

(h) any local government register for the time being in force, or any local government elections, until the first register to be prepared under this Act comes into force.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in this Act, the first register to be prepared under this Act shall come into force on, and remain in force until, such date as His Majesty may fix by Order in Council, and His Majesty may by any such Order alter, in connection with the first register, any registration dates, including the dates governing the qualifying period, and direct that this Act shall have effect as so altered.

(3) If any difficulty arises as to the preparation of the first register or the holding of the first elections after the commencement of this Act, the Local Government Board may by order do any matter or thing which appears to them necessary for the proper preparation of the register or the proper holding of the elections.

(4) This section shall apply to any new register to be prepared and to any elections held during the continuance of the present war and a period of twelve months thereafter, as it applies to the first register to be prepared under this Act and to the first elections held after the commencement of this Act, respectively.

47. — (1) The enactments mentioned in the Eighth Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

(2) This Act may be cited as the Representation of the People Act, 1918.

1918.

Representation of the People, 1918. Ch. 64.

289

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Registration Rules.

Form of Register.

Sections 13, H (1).

1. The register shall be framed in separate parts for each registration Separate part

unit iii the registration area. of register for

The registration unit shall be the parish where the parish is wholly contained in one voting area, and where a parish is contained in more than one voting area, shall be each part of the parish contained in a separate voting area; and for the purposes of this rule the expression "voting area" means any polling district, electoral division, borough, county district other than a borough, and any ward of a borough, county district, or parish, and any other area for which a separate election at which the register is to be used is held.

2. The register shall, as respects each’ registration unit, contain the Separate divi-names of those who are entitled to vote as parliamentary electors and of sions for par-those who are entitled to vote as local government electors, but shall be Jiwnentaiy and framed so as to show in separate divisions the names of those who are n, ent electors, entitled to vote both as parliamentary and local government electors,

the names of those who are entitled to vote as parliamentary electors but not as local government electors, and the names of those who are entitled to vote as local government electors but not as parliamentary electors.

Where a person whose name is entered as a local government elector in any registration unit is not entitled to vote in respect of that entry at the local government elections for all the local government electoral areas which comprise that unit, the registration officer shall place a mark against his name, with a note to signify that the person against whose name the mark is placed is not entitled to vote for the local government elections mentioned in the note, and any such note shall be deemed to be part of the register.

3. The registration officer shall prepare and add as a supplement to Absent voters the register a separate list for the whole registration area, or, where the Iist *

area includes more than one constituency, for each constituency in the area, of persons entitled to vote as absent voters (in this Act referred to as the absent voters list) without, however, removing the names of those voters from any other part of the register. Every such list shall be made up according to polling districts.

4. Where the registration unit is situated in a parliamentary borough, Register to be the names in the register shall be arranged in street order, unless the made up in authority whose clerk the registration officer is or by whom he is appointed considers that, having regard to the general character of the

area forming the registration unit, arrangement in street order is inapplicable; and where the registration unit is situated in a parliamentary county, the names in the register shall be arranged in alphabetical order, unless the said authority considers that, having regard to the general character of the area forming the registration unit, arrangement in street order is possible and convenient.

290

Effect of register.

Duty of registration officer to prepare electors lists.

Duty of overseers to prepare electors lists and furnish information if required.

Corrupt and illegal practices list.

Claim to be sent to registration officer.

Form of claim.

Ch. 64. Representation of the People, 1918. 7 8 Geo. 5.

5. The registers for the registration units making up any constituency, so far as they relate to parliamentary electors, shall together form the register of parliamentary electors for that constituency, and the registers of the registration units making up any local government electoral area, so far as they relate to local government electors, shall together form the register of local government electors for that area.

Duty of Registration Officer to prepare and publish Lists.

6. It shall be the duty of the registration officer to cause a house to house or other sufficient inquiry to be made, and to prepare or cause to be prepared lists (in this Act referred to as electors lists) for each registration unit within his registration area of all persons appearing to be entitled to be registered as parliamentary or local government electors in the spring and autumn register respectively, and to publish those lists in the form in which the register is to be framed, as respects the lists for the spring register on or before the first day of February, and as respects the lists for the autumn register on or before the first day of August.

The registration officer shall at the same time publish a notice specifying the mode in which, and the time within which, claims and objections are to be made under these rules.

7. The registration officer, where he does not himself perform the duties of overseers, may require the overseers of any parish which, or any part of which, forms a registration unit within his registration area to make the necessary inquiries and to prepare the electors lists for that unit and publish the lists in the unit on his behalf, and it shall be the duty of the overseers to furnish lists as so required, and also at any time, if required by the registration officer, to furnish that officer with information respecting any persons resident or occupying land or premises in their parish, or the removal of any person from the parish.

Any reasonable expenses incurred by the overseers in performing any duties required of them in pursuance of this rule (including reasonable remuneration where the duties are performed by an assistant overseer or other paid officer) shall be paid by the registration officer as part of his registration expenses. In this rule the expression "overseers " includes any person for the time being executing any of the duties of overseers.

8. The registration officer shall publish, together with the electors lists, the corrupt and illegal practices list (if any) made by him under section thirty-nine of the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883, or made by or sent to him under section twenty-four of the Municipal Elections (Corrupt and Illegal Practices) Act, 1884.

Claims to be Registered.

9. Any person who claims to be entitled to be registered as & parliamentary or local government elector, and who is not entered, or is entered in an incorrect place or manner or with incorrect particulars on the electors lists, may claim to be registered, or to be registered correctly, by sending to the registration officer a claim in the prescribed form not later than the eighteenth day of February where the claim is for the spring register, and the eighteenth day of August where the claim is for the autumn register.

10. The form of claim for a person making a claim on his own behalf shall contain a declaration of the qualification of the claimant to be registered, including a declaration that the claimant has attained the

1918.

Representation of the People Act, 1918.

291

Ch. 64.

required age, and is a British subject, and of the character in which the claimant desires to he registered, that is to say, either as a parliamentary elector, or as a local government elector, or as a local government elector who is not entitled to vote for all local government elections, and where the claimaut claims in respect of a non-residential qualification a declaration of residence or, in case such person has no settled residence, an address to which communications may be Bent. A note shall also be added to the form warning the claimant that any false declaration for the purpose of this provision will involve a penalty.

Where a claim is made on behalf of a claimaut by another person, the registration officer shall not enter the name of the claimant on the register, unless the matters required to be stated in the declaration under the foregoing provision are proved to his satisfaction.

11. It shall be the duty of the registration officer to publish the lists of claimants, as respects the lists for the spring register not later than the twenty-fourth day of February, and as respects the lists for the autumn register not later than the twenty-fourth day of August.

Objections.

12. Any person whose name appears on the electors lists for a constituency or local government electoral area may object to the registration of auy person whose name is included in the electors lists for the constituency or the local government electoral area, as the case may be. by sending notice of objection in the prescribed form to the registration officer not later than the fifteenth day of February in the case of the spring register and the fifteenth day of August in the case of the autumn register, and may object to the registration of any person whose name is included in the list of claimants by sending notice of objection in the prescribed form to the registration officer not later than the seventh day of March in the case of the spring register and the fourth day of September in the case of the autumn register.

13. The registration officer shall, as soon as practicable after receiving any notice of objection, send a copy of the notice to the person in respect of whose registration the notice of objection is given.

14. It shall be the duty of the registration officer to publish a list of the names of persons to whose registration notice of objection has been given not later thaij the twenty-first day of February in the caso of the spring register and not later than the twenty-first day of August in the case of the autumn register.

15. It shall be the duty of the registration officer to publish a list of the names of persons included in the list of claimants to whose registration notice of objection has been given as soon as practicable after the seventh day of March in the case of the spring register and the fourth day of September in the case of the autumn register.

Absent Voters List.

16. Any person entitled to be registered as a parliamentary elector may, not later than the eighteenth day of February where the claim is for the spring register, and the eighteenth day of August where the claim is for the autumn register, claim to be placed on the absent voters list; and the registration officer, if satisfied that there is a probability that the claimant, by reason of the nature of his occupation, service, or employment, may be debarred from voting at a poll at parliamentary elections held during the time the register is in force, shall place the claimant (if registered) on the absent voters list.

I

Publication of lists of claimants.

Notice of objections.

Notice to persons affected by objection.

Publication of objections to lists.

Publication of objections to claims.

Absent voters list.

292

Ch. 64. Representation of the People Act, 1918. 7 8 Geo. 5.

Obligation to place naval and military voter on abeent voters list without claim.

Information to registration officers by departments.

Record of addresses to be kept.

Consideration of objections.

Consideration of claims.

Supplemental powers on consideration of claims and objections.

17. It shall be the duty of the registration officer, without any claim being made for the purpose, to place on the absent voters list any naval or military voter, unless —

(a) that person, not later than the eighteenth day of February as

respects the spring register, and the eighteenth day of August as respects the autumn register, gives notice to the registration officer that he does not desire to be placed upon that list; or

(b) that person is registered, in pursuance of a claim for the purpose,

for the constituency in which he has an actual residence qualification.

18. The Admiralty, the Army Council, and the Air Council, either directly or through officers appointed by them, shall in the prescribed manner furnish to the registration officers in the several constituencies 6uch information as to the names and addresses of Naval and Military voters and such other particulars as may be necessary for the purpose of their registration and of their voting as such, and it shall be the duty of the Local Government Board to render any assistance that may be required by the Admiralty, the Army Council, and the Air Council in conveying such information to the registration officers:

Provided that the Admiralty, Army Council, and Air Council shall not be required to supply any particulars which in their declared opinion would interfere with the proper conduct of the war.

19. The registration officer shall keep a record of any address which may be furnished to him by any person placed on the absent votors list, or by the Admiralty, Army Council, Air Council or Board of Trade, as the address which is to be for the time being the address of the voter for the purpose of the provisions relating to voting by absent voters and, as soon as practicable, shall cause instructions to be sent to the voter as to the mode of voting under those provisions.

The record of addresses shall be open to inspection under the same conditions that govern the register.

Preparation of the Register from the Lists.

20. The registration officer shall, as soon as practicable, consider all objections of which notice has been given to him in accordance with these rules, and for that purpose shall give at least five clear days’ notice to the objector and to the person in respect of whose registration the notice of objection has been given, of the time and place at which the objection will be considered by him.

21. The registration officer shall also consider all claims of which notice is given to him in accordance with those rules, and in respect of which no notice of objection is given, aud, if he considers that the claim may be allowed without further inquiry, shall give notice to the claimant that his claim is allowed.

If the registration officer is not satisfied that any such claim can be allowed without inquiry, he shall give at least five clear days’ notice to the claimant of the time and place at which the claim will be considered by him.

22. If on the consideration of any claim or objection it appears to the registration officer that the claimant, or person in respect of whose name objection is taken, is not entitled to be entered on the register in the character in which he claims to be registered, or in which he is entered on the list, but is entitled to be entered on the register in another character or in another place on the register, the registration officer may decide that the name of that person shall be so entered on the register.

1918.

Representation of the People Act, 1918. Ch. 64.

293

23. The registration officer shall make such additions and corrections in the electors lists (including the absent voters list) as are required in order to carry out his decisions on any objections or claims, and shall also make any such corrections in those lists by way of the removal of duplicate entries (subject to any expression of choice by the person affected as to those entries), the expunging of the names of persons who are dead or subject to any legal incapacity, or the placing of marks or the correction of marks placed against the name of an elector, or otherwise as he thinks necessary iu order to secure that no person is registered as a parliamentary elector in respect of more than one qualification in the same constituency, or as a local government elector in respect of more than one qualification —

(a) in the same borough for the purpose of borough council elections;

or

(b) in the same electoral division or ward for the purpose of county

council, metropolitan borough council, and urban district council elections; or

(c)in the same parish or ward of a parish for the purpose of rural district council, guardians, or parish elections;

and otherwise to make those lists complete and accurate as a register.

24. Any person whose name shall appear in the list of parliamentary voters of any registration unit in any county constituency or district of boroughs, and who resides outside the polling district in which he is entitled to be registered, shall be at liberty to make his claim before the registration officer to vote at any other polling place within the same constituency.

Any such person shall be admitted to vote at such polling place accordingly.

25. Where the registration officer makes any correction in the lists (including the absent voters list) otherwise than in pursuance of a claim or objection, or for the purposes of correcting a clerical error, he shall give notice to the person affected by the correction, and give that person an opportunity of objecting to the correction, and, if necessary, of being heard with respect thereto.

26. The registration officer shall make all the necessary corrections of the lists (including the absent voters list) and do everything necessary to form those lists into a register (with a separate letter and a separate scries of numbers for each polling district) in time to allow the publication of the lists so corrected as a register as required by these rules.

Duty to publish and deliver Copies of the Register.

27. It shall be the duty of the registration officer to publish the spring register not later thau the fifteenth day of April, and the autumn register not later than the fifteenth day of October in each year, by publishing a notice that a copy of the register is open to inspection at his office, and that copies of the part of the register relating to any registration uuit are open to inspection during business hours in the registration unit at the place mentioned in the notice.

It shall be the duty of the registration officer to keep copies of the register for inspection in his office, and also to arrange for copies of the part of the register relating to any registration unit being kept for inspection in that unit either in the principal post office (if the Postmaster General gives authority for the purpose) or at some other convenient place to which the public have access to be arranged by him.

It shall be the duty of the registration officer to transmit a copy of the register, as soon as may be after it is published, to the Local Government Board.

X

Correction of lists.

Voting in different polling districts.

Objections to corrections.

Formation of lists into register.

Publication of register.

294

Delivery o! copies of the register.

Notice of appeal from registration officer.

Appeals re* lating to the same point.

Publication of documents.

Dnty of regis* tration officer tosupplyforms. Supply of copies of claims, objections, &c.

Mode of sending notices, &c.

Ch. 64. Representation of the People Act, 1018. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

28. It shall be the duty of the registration officer, on the application of any person during business hours and on payment of the prescribed fee, to furnish copies to the applicant of the register or of so much of the register as relates to any registration unit.

Appeals from Registration Officer.

29. A person desiring to appeal against the decision of a registration officer must give notice of appeal in the prescribed form to the registration officer and to the opposite party, if auy, when the decision is given or within five clays thereafter, specifying the grounds of appeal.

The registration officer shall forward any such notices to the county court in manner directed by rules of court together, in each case, with a statement of the material facts which, in his opinion, have been established in the case, and of his decision upon the whole case and ou any point which may be specified as a ground of appeal, and shall also furnish to the court any further information which the court may require and which he is able to furnish.

30. Where it appears to the registration officer that any notices of appeal given to him are based on similar grounds, he shall inform the county court of the fact for the purpose of enabling the county court (if the court thinks fit) to consolidate the appeals, or select a case as a test case.

General.

31. Where the registration officer by these rules is required to publish any document, and no specific provision is made as to the mode of publication, he shall publish the document by making copies of the document available for inspection by the public in his office, and in the chief post office (if the Postmaster General gives authority for the purpose), or some other convenient place in the area forming the registration unit to which the document relates and, if he thinks fit, in any other manner which is, in his opinion, desirable for the purpose of bringing the contents of the document to the notice of those interested.

Any document required to be published shall be kept published for the prescribed time.

Any failure to publish a document in accordance with these rules shall not invalidate the document, but this provision shall not relieve the registration officer from any penalty for such a failure.

If any person without lawful authority destroys, mutilates, defaces or removes any notice published by the registration officer in connection with his registration duties, or any copies of a document which have been made available for inspection in pursuance of these rules, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

32. The registration officer shall, without fee, on the application of any person, supply forms of claims and notices of objections.

33. The registration officer shall, on the application of any person, allow that person to inspect, and take extracts from, or on payment of the prescribed fee, supply to that person copies of, the electors lists for any registration unit in his area and any claim or notice of objection made under these rules.

34. Any claim or notice of objection which is under these rules to be sent to the registration officer may be sent to him by post addressed to him at his office.

Any notice which is required to be sent by the registration officer under these rules to any person shall be sufficiently sent if sent by post

1918.

295

Representation of the People Act, 1918. Ch. 64.

to the address of that person as given by him for the purpose, or as appearing on the lists, or if there is no such address, to his last known place of abode.

35. The registration officer may require any householder or any person Information owning or occupying any land or premises within his area, or the agent house' or factor of such person, to give, in the prescribed form, any information h0 er8, in his possession which the registration officer may require for the purpose of his duties as registration officer; and if any person fails to give the required information, or gives false information, he shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds. Any notice requiring information under this rule may be sent by post.

36. The registration officer shall, subject to such directions as the Local Government Board may give, have access to the national register compiled under the National Registration Act, 1915.

Access to

national

register.

37. The registration officer, before registering any person as an Declaration

elector, may, if he thinks it necessary — nationality11

(a) require that person either to produce a certificate of birth or, if

that is not practicable or convenient, to make a statutory declaration that such person has attained the required age, and

(b) require that person to produce a certificate of naturalisation or to

make a statutory declaration that he is a British subject.

Where a declaration is so required, any fee payable in connection therewith shall be paid by the registration officer as part of his registration expenses, and the declaration shall be exempt from stamp duty.

The registration officer shall during business hours allow any person to inspect and take a copy of any such declaration.

38. Where for the purpose of the provisions of this Act any person Power to requires a certificate of birth, that person shall ou presenting a written obtain a ccr* requisition in the prescribed form and containing the prescribed particulars, at^r^c^fce! and on payment of a fee of sixpence, be entitled to obtain a certified copy

of auy entry of the birth of that person in the birth register under the hand of the registrar or the superintendent registrar having the custody thereof, and forms of requisition for the purpose shall on application be supplied without charge by every registrar of births and deaths and by every superintendent registrar.

39. On the consideration of any claim or objection or other matter by Hearing of the registration officer, any person appearing to the registration officer to claims and be interested may appear and be heard either iu person or by auy other obi0*10118-person, other than counsel, ou his behalf.

40. The registration officer may at the request of any person interested, Power to or if he thinks fit without such request, on the consideration of any claim require or objection or other matter require that the evidence tendered by any person should be given on oath and may administer an oath for the purpose.

41. No misnomer or inaccurate description of any person or place on Provisions as

any list or on the register or in auy notice shall prejudice the operation to misnomer of this Act or these rules as respects that person or place, provided that r inaccurate the person or place is so designated as to be commonly understood. esenp ion.

42. In reckoning time for the purpose of these rules, Sunday, Christ- Reckoning of mas Day, Good Friday, and auy bank holiday or day set apart as a public time, holiday, or day of public fast, or public thanksgiving shall be excluded;

aud where anything is required by these rules to be done on auy day falls to be done on any such day, that thing may be done on the next day not being one of any such days.

296 Ch. 64. Representation of the People Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Application to Scotland.

Application to Ireland.

Application of Rxiles to Scotland and Ireland.

43. These rules shall apply to Scotland subject to the following modifications, namely:—

The Secretary for Scotland shall be substituted for the Local Government Board:

The provision for the transmission of a oopy of the register to the Local Government Board shall not apply:

Rule 2 shall apply as if after the words "in separate divisions " there were inserted the words "or otherwise to distinguish ":

For the reference to section twenty-four of the Municipal Elections (Corrupt and Illegal Practices) Act, 1884, there shall be substituted a reference to section twenty-nine of the Elections (Scotland) (Corrupt and Illegal Practices) Act, 1890.

44. These rules shall apply to Ireland subject to the following modifications, namely:—

(1) References to the Local Government Board shall be construed

as references to the Local Government Board for Ireland.

(2) The district electoral division as constituted under the Local

Government (Ireland) Act, 1898, shall be the registration unit; but —

(a) where a district electoral division is divided into wards, each such ward shall be treated as a separate registration unit; and

(b) where a district electoral division is situate partly in one parliamentary polling district, partly in another, or partly within and partly without any town (within the meaning of the Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1898), or ward of a borough or town, each part shall be treated as a separate registration unit;

and references to parishes or parts of parishes shall not apply.

(3) References to the autumn register shall be construed as references

to the yearly register, and references to the spring register shall not apply.

(4) The expression "overseers " includes town clerks, secretaries of

county councils, clerks of urban district councils, existing clerks of the union within the meaning of the Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1898, and collectors of poor rate.

(5) The power of the registration officer in certain cases to require

the overseers to perform duties in connection with registration under this Act shall be construed in all cases as an obligation upon him to require each person holding the office of overseer to perform duties analogous to the duties which, but for the passing of this Act, would have been performed by that person by virtue of his office under the enactments relative to registration in force at the commencement of this Act, and it shall be the duty of every such person to comply with those requirements.

In order to give full effect to the foregoing provision the clerk of the crown and peace for a county borough shall, as respects any parliamentary borough for which he is registration officer, appoint the town clerk of the county borough to act as his deputy for the purposes of Rules 9 to 15 and for the purpose of publishing the lists and notices to be published under Rules 6 and 8 of this Schedule if the town clerk so desires, and any town clerk so appointed shall, for the purposes aforesaid, have the like powers and duties and be subject to the like liabilities as if he were registration officer.

Any question which may arise as to what duties are analogous duties within the meaning of the provision aforesaid shall be

1918.

Representation of the People Act, 1918. Ch. 64.

297

determined by the Local Government Board, whose determination shall be final.

(6) The overseers shall be entitled to payment for services performed

and expenses incurred by them in the execution of any duties under these rules. The payments shall be made at such times as may be fixed by order of the Local Government Board for Ireland under this Schedule, and any Burn payable to an overseer under this provision shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as part of the registration expenses of the registration officer on whose requisition the services were performed or the expenses were incurred.

This provision shall apply to any superintendent registrar of births and deaths or clerk of the union who is not an existing clerk of the union, so far as respects lists or information supplied by him on the requisition of the registration officer in connection with deaths in like manner as it applies to overseers.

(7) The reference to the authority whose officer the registration officer

is, or by whom he is appointed, shall be construed as a reference to the county borough council in the case of registration units in a county borough, and as a reference to the county council in the case of registration units in an administrative county, and the register for any registration unit in au administrative county shall be arranged alphabetically in townlaud order if the county council consider that such arrangement is more convenient than arrangement in alphabetical order of names or in street order.

(8) Rule 2 of this Schedule shall be construed as if the words "or

otherwise to distinguish " were inserted after the words in separate divisions, " and as if the direction as to placing marks against the names of local government electors were omitted.

(9) For the direction to the registration officer in Rule 23 of this

Schedule to secure that no person is registered as a local government elector in respect of more than one qualification in the areas and for the purposes therein specified, there shall be substituted a direction to secure that no person is registered as a local government elector in respect of more than one qualification in the same district electoral division or ward.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Part I.

Modifications of the Ballot Act, 1872 (First Schedule).

The following provisions shall be inserted in the First Schedule to the Ballot Act, 1872, after Rules 2 and 14 respectively, that is to say:—

" 2a. In an election of members to serve in a new Parliament of the United Kingdom the day fixed by the returning officer for the election shall in all cases be the eighth day after the date of His Majesty's gracious Proclamation declaring the calling of the Parliament."

" 14 a. In an election of members to serve in a new Parliament of the United Kingdom, the day appointed by the returning officer for the poll shall in all cases be the ninth day after the day fixed for the election."

Section 21 (1).

298

Section 22 (2),

Section 23 (4) (<*)•

Ch. 64. Representation of the People Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

pabt n.

Questions.

1. In the case of a man voting in respect of a residence qualification —

Have you already voted at this general election in respect of a residence qualification ?

2. In the case of a man voting in respect of a qualification other than a residence qualification —

Have you already voted at this general election in respect of a qualification other than a residence qualification ?

3. In the case of a woman voting at an election other than a university election —

Have you already voted at this general election ?

([Note. — Unless the answer to the question is in the negative the woman shall not vote unless she satisfies the presiding officer that her previous vote was given at a university election.]

Declarations at University Election.

(Applicable only at a General .)

(In the case of a man) — "I have not voted at this general election in respect of any qualification other than a residence qualification/ ’

(In the case of a woman) — 1" I have not voted at this general election for any other university constituency/ ’

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Provisions as to Voting by Proxy.

1. A proxy must be appointed by means of a proxy paper issued to the elector, or to some person on behalf of the elector, or to the person appointed as proxy, by the registration officer of the constituency iu which the elector is registered, on an application made or authorised by the elector in accordance with regulations under this Act.

2. After a proxy paper for any constituency has been issued in accordance with this Act, the elector shall, unless the proxy paper is cancelled in accordance with this Act, —

(a) be entitled to vote by proxy in that constituency; and

(b) be prohibited from voting otherwise than by proxy in that constituency;

until the time for which the proxy paper is in force has expired.

3. It shall be the duty of the registration officer, on any application for a proxy paper, to issue a proxy paper to the applicant, or to some person on his behalf, or to the person appointed as proxy, if he is satisfied that the applicant is registered on the parliamentary register of electors for the constituency in respect of which the application is made, and is, at the time of the application, entitled to appoint a proxy.

1918.

Representation of the People, 1918. Ch. 64.

299

•1. A proxy paper shall remain in force only so long as the parliamentary register of electors which is in force at the time the proxy paper is issued, remains in force:

Provided that a proxy paper issued during the continuance of the present war, or a period of twelve months thereafter, shall remain in force until the termination of that period, so long as the elector continues to be registered and the proxy paper is not cancelled.

5. A person shall not be appointed as proxy under this Act, unless the person appointed is the wife, husband, parent, brother, or sister of the elector, or is registered as a parliamentary elector for the constituency or one of the constituencies in which the elector is registered:

Provided that the brother or sister shall not be capable of being appointed proxy unless of full age.

6. An elector shall not appoint more than one person as proxy to vote on his behalf in the same constituency, and in any case not more than two persons.

7. A person shall not vote as proxy on behalf of more than two absent voters at an election in any constituency, unless that person is voting as the husband or wife, or the parent, brother, or sister of the absent voter.

8. A registration officer shall keep a list of absent voters entitled to vote by proxy in any constituency within his area, and of the persons entitled to vote as proxies, and that list shall be open to inspection during business hours at some convenient place named by the registration officer in the constituency.

A registration officer shall, on the application of any person, allow that person to take extracts from, or, on payment of the prescribed fee, supply to that person copies of the list.

9. The Ballot Act, 1872, and any other Act regulating the holding of parliamentary elections, including any provisions imposing penalties in connection with voting at those elections, shall apply to persons voting as proxies in pursuance of this Act as they apply to voters, however described in those Acts, with such modifications as may be prescribed for the purpose of adapting the provisions of those Acts to voting by proxy; and any provisions of those Acts imposing penalties for offences in connection with ballot papers or the official mark on a ballot paper may be applied by the regulations to proxy papers and any official mark on a proxy paper.

10. If any person —

(a) who is for the time being entitled to vote by proxy in a constituency under this Act, himself votes or attempts to vote at any parliamentary election in that constituency otherwise than by means of the proxy paper, while the proxy paper is in force; or

(b) votes or attempts to vote as proxy on behalf of more than two

absent voters at an election in any constituency unless that person is voting as the husband or wife, or the parent, brother, or sister of the absent voter; or (e) votes or attempts to vote at any election under the authority of a proxy paper when he knows or has reasonable grounds for supposing that the proxy paper has been cancelled, or that the elector to whom or on whose behalf the proxy paper has been issued is dead or no longer entitled to vote at that election;

300

Ch. 64. Representation of the People Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Section 33 (1).

that person shall be guilty of an illegal practice within the meaning of the Corrupt and Illegal .Practices Prevention Act, 1883, and the expression "illegal practice" shall be construed accordingly:Provided that the court before whom a person is convicted under this provision may, if they think it just in the special circumstances of the case, mitigate or entirely remit any incapacity imposed by section ten of the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883.

11. A ballot paper shall not be delivered to a person who claims to vote as proxy for the purpose of so voting unless he produces the proxy paper to the presiding officer at the polling station, and such questions may be asked of any person at a parliamentary election who claims to vote as proxy for any elector (in addition to those already authorised to be asked) as may be prescribed.

12. Stamp duty shall not be chargeable on any proxy paper under this Act.

13. A proxy paper may be cancelled by an elector by giving notice to the registration officer in the prescribed form.

14. A notice cancelling a proxy paper shall not take effect as respects any election unless it is received by the registration officer before the day of nomination.

15. In the application of this schedule to Scotland the expression "tho registration officer of the constituency in which the elector is registered" means " the registration officer of the registration area in which the elector is registered."

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Provisions to be substituted for Part IV. of che First Schedule to 46 & 47 Vict 47 Vict. c. 61, and for paragraph (3) of Part V. of the same Schedule.

Maximum Scale.

The expenses mentioned above in Parts I., II., and III. of this schedule, other than personal expenses and the fee, if any, paid to the election agent (not exceeding in the case of a county election seventy-five pounds and of a borough election fifty pounds, without reckoning for the purposes of that limit any part of the fee which may have been included in the expenses first above mentioned) shall not exceed an amount equal —

in the case of a county election to sevenpence for each elector on the register;

in the case of an election for a borough to fivepence for each elector on the register.

Where there are two or more joint candidates at an election, the maximum amount of expenses mentioned in Parts III. and IV. of this schedule shall, for each of the joint candidates, be the amount produced by multiplying a single candidate's maximum by one-and‘-a-half and dividing the result by the number of joint candidates.

1918. Representation of the People, 1918. Ch. 64.

FIFTH SCHEDULE.

Farl f. — Provisions as to University Elections other than Scottish University Elections.

Returning Officer.

1. The returning officer shall be —

(o) in the case of the Oxford, Cambridge, and London University constituencies respectively the Vice-Chancellor of the university;

(ft) in the case of the Dublin University Constituency, the Provost of Trinity College;

(c) in the case of the combined English university constituency, the Vice-Chancellor, Principal, or Corresponding Officer of such university, being one of the combined universities as may be from time to time appointed by the Board of Education for that purpose; and (d) in the case of the constituency of the University of Wales, the Vice-Chancellor of the university;

and the writ for any election of a member or members for Parliament for a university constituency shall be directed to the returning officer of that constituency.

2. It shall be the duty of the returning officer to make all arrangements for the election, including arrangements for the nomination of candidates, and the poll and counting of votes, and to certify the result of the election in pursuance of the writ.

Nomination.

3. The nomination shall take place on such day and at such time and place as may be fixed by the returning officer, being not less than four days and not more than twelve days after the receipt of the writ, and the returning officer shall give public notice of the day, time, and place so fixed within two days after he receives the writ.

4. The candidate must be nominated in writing by two electors as proposer and seconder and by eight other electors as assenting to the nomination, and his nomination must be delivered to the returning officer by some elector.

5. If, at the expiration of the time fixed for nomination, no more candidates are nominated than there are vacancies to be filled up, the returning officer shall declare the candidates who stand nominated to be elected and certify the result of the election accordingly.

6. If, at the expiration of the time fixed for nomination, more candidates stand nominated than there are vacancies to be filled up, the returning officer shall arrange for a poll to be taken.

7. A candidate may be withdrawn in manner provided by regulations made under this Act, and if, owing to the withdrawal of a candidate after nomination, a poll becomes unnecessary, the returning officer shall countermand the poll and declare any candidate elected whose nomination remains standing.

8. If one of the candidates nominated dies after he has been nominated and before the commencement of the poll, the returning officer shall countermand the poll and other proceedings for the election and commence the same again as if the writ had been received by him on the day on which he is satisfied of the fact that the death took place.

SOI

Section 36 (1).

302

Ch. 64. Representation of the People Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

No fresh nomination shall be required in the case of a candidate who stood nominated at the time the poll was countermanded.

Poll.

9. The poll shall remain open for five days, and shall take place on such days as may be fixed by the returning officer commencing not more than twelve and not less than three clear days after the day of nomination.

10. The returning officer shall appoint such polling places as appear to him to allow reasonable facilities for voting, and may give special directions that certain electors shall be allotted to certain polling places.

11. An elector may vote at a poll by the delivery of a voting paper (signed by the voter at any time subsequent to the nomination) in the form appended to this part of this schedule or in a form to the same effect and accompanied with a like declaration, or, unless the returning officer directs to the contrary, in person, and may so vote at any polling place if he has not been allotted to any polling place, or, if he has been so allotted, at any polling place to which he has been so allotted.

The returning officer may give a special direction that votes shall not be given in person at the election, or that votes may be given in person on certain days of the poll only.

12. A voting paper may be delivered at a polling place on behalf of the voter by an elector, or by being sent to the presiding officer at the polling place by post, and any voting paper received by a presiding officer at a polling place at which the elector may vote before the close of the poll shall be counted, unless rejected as invalid.

Voting papers may also be sent to the returning officer by post, and any voting papers so received by the returning officer shall be sent by him to the proper presiding officer.

13. The poll shall be open for such time between the hours of 8 a.m. in the morning and 8 p.m. in the evening, not being less than four hours, as the returning officer may direct, except that, if votes in person are received, but are not received on all the days of the poll, six hours shall be substituted for four as respects the days on which votes are so received as the minimum time under this provision.

14. The returning officer shall give public notice of the days and hours of poll and of the polling places appointed, and of any special directions given by him as to the days or hours of poll, or the allotment of electors to certain polling places, or as to voting iu person.

15. The returning officer shall appoint a presiding officer for every polling place at which he does not act as a presiding officer himself and the presiding officer shall have general control over the arrangements for voting at the polling place and shall record the votes of electors voting in person and receive voting papers.

16. Each candidate may appoint a person to be the candidate’s representative at each polling place, and a candidate’s representative may object to any voting paper received at the polling place or to the vote of any person claiming to vote in person at that place, and the presiding officer shall submit any such objection to the returning officer for decision.

17. The returning officer shall decide on the validity of any voting paper to which objection is takeu, or on the right of any person to vote iu person, if that right is questioned, and the decision of the returning officer,

1918.

Representation of the People, 1918. Ch. 64.

303

if the voting paper or the right to vote is allowed, shall be final, but, if the voting paper or the right to vote is disallowed, shall be subject to reversal on any proceeding questioning the election or return.

18. The register kept in pursuance of this Act shall be conclusive as to the right of any person to vote at the poll; but this provision shall not entitle any person to vote if that person is subject to any legal incapacity.

A person shall uot be entitled to be placed on the register as a graduate until the university authorities are satisfied that the grant of the degree is complete.

Counting of Votes.

19. After the poll is closed all voting papers received at any polling place and a record of votes (if any) given by electors in person shall be placed in a proper receptacle and sealed up and delivered to the returning officer, and the returning officer shall, as soon as practicable after the receipt of the votes from all the polling places, count the votes and publish the result.

20. The voting papers counted, and the record of votes (if any) given by electors in person, and any papers which have been rejected as invalid and a list of persons (if any) who have tendered their votes in person but who have not been allowed to vote, shall be placed in separate packets, and shall be kept by the returning officer for a period of twelve months after the close of the poll.

21. The returning officer shall give notice to the candidates of the time and place for counting the votes, and shall permit any candidate and a representative authorised by the candidate for the purpose to be present at the count.

No person other than the returning officer, his assistants and clerks, and the candidates and representatives so authorised shall be entitled to be preseut at the count except with the sanction of the returning officer.

22. Where an equality of votes is found to exist between any candidates on a final count and the addition of a vote would entitle any of those candidates to be declared elected, the returning officer whether an elector or not may give a deciding vote, but the returning officer shall not be entitled to vote at the election in any other case.

Special Provisions for a Combined University.

23. In a combined university constituency the Vice-Chancellor, or the person performing the duties of a Vice-Chancellor, at each university forming the combination, shall, for the purpose of making arrangements for the poll and the holding of the poll, have at the university the powers and perform the duties of the returning officer (including the power and duty of deciding upon the validity of voting papers and the right of a person to vote).

24. Arrangements may be made for counting votes at an election for a combined university constituency at each of the universities forming the combination, if the transferable vote is not used at that election, and for a record of the votes counted at each university being sent to the returning officer for the combined constituency in order that be may ascertain and declare the result of the election.

Ch. 64. Representation of the People Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5,

General.

25. The returning officer shall appoint such deputies and clerks as he may think necessary for the proper holding of the election, and shall supply a form of voting paper to any elector applying for such a form, and shall supply forms of nomination papers.

The governing body of the University may designate an officer of the University to act temporarily as returning officer in the event of a vacancy in the office of returning officer or in the event of his incapacity to appoint a deputy.

26. Any expenses reasonably incurred by the returning officer in connection with the arrangements for a university election and the conduct thereof shall be repaid to the returning officer by the University.

Iu the case of a combined University constituency any such expenses incurred by the Vice-Chancellor or corresponding officer of each University shall be paid by the University whose Vice-Chance..or or officer has incurred the expenses, and any other such expenses shall be paid in equal shares by the Universities forming the combination.

In the case of a combined University constituency any candidate’s deposit which is forfeited to the University shall be retained by, or paid to, the University whose Vice-Chancellor or other officer is the returning officer of the combined constituency and applied by that University in the payment of the expenses which are under this provision to be paid in equal shares by the Universities forming the combination.

27. A voting paper shall be deemed to be a public document within the meaning of subsection (3) of section four of the Forgery Act, 1913, and section five of the Perjury Act, 1911, applies to any declaration or statement made in the voting paper.

28. A voting paper shall not be liable to stamp duty.

29. If any person, for the purpose of enabling an elector to vote at a university election, corruptly pays on his behalf any fees which the elector is required to pay in order to be registered or entitled to vote, he shall be guilty of an illegal practice within the meaning of the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883, and that Act shall apply accordingly.

30. In reckoning time for the purpose of the provisions in this Schedule, Sunday, Christmas Day, Good Friday, and any day set apart as a bank or public holiday or day of public fast or public thanksgiving shall be excluded:and where anything is required by these provisions to be done on any day falls to be done on any such day that thing may be done on the next day not being one of any such days.

31. If regulations are made under this Act as to the manner in which public notice is to be given under the provisions of this Schedule, public notice shall be given in manner directed under any such regulations for the time being in force, and if no such regulations are in force shall be given in such manner as the Returning Officer considers best fitted for giving notice to the persons concerned.

32. An election shall not be declared invalid by reason of non-compliance with these provisions if it appears to the tribunal cognisant of the case that the election was conducted in accordance with the principle of these provisions and that the non-compliance with these provisions did not affect the result of the election.

1918.

Ch. 64.

305

Representation of the People Act, 1918.

Form of Voting Paper.

I, A.B. (give the elector's name in,

with his university degree and college, if any), give my vote as indicated below:—

I declare that I have signed no other voting paper and have not voted in person at this election for the university constituency of

f I also declare —

(In the case of a man) that I have not voted at this general election in respect of any qualification other than a residence qualification;

(In the case of a woman) that I have not voted at this general election for any other university constituency.

Signed A.B.

Address

The day of 19

I declare that this voting' paper (the previously filled in), was signed in my personally known to me, on the 19

Signed

Address

voting paper having been presence by A.B., who is day of

C.D.

Part II.

Provisions as to Scottish University Elections.

Returning Officer.

1. The returning officer for the combined Scottish University constituency shall be the Vice-Chancellor of the University of Edinburgh, to whom the writ for any election of a member or members of Parliament for that constituency shall be directed.

2. It shall be the duty of the returning officer to make all arrangements for the election, including arrangements for the nomination of candidates, and (where a poll is necessary) for the poll and counting of votes, and to certify the result of the election in pursuance of the writ.

* This form will require modification where the transferable vote is not used at the election.

f This declaration is to be made only at a general election.

306

Ch. 64. Representation of the People, 1918. Geo. 5.

3. The returning officer shall give notice to the candidates of the days fixed for the poll and of the time and place for counting the votes, and auy candidate and au agent appointed by any candidate for the purpose may be present at the poll and the count.

No person other than the returning officer, his assistants and clerks, and the candidates and their agents shall be entitled to be present at the count except with the sanction of the returning officer.

Nomination.

4. The nomination shall take place on such day and at such time and place as may be fixed by the returning officer, being not less than four days and not more than eight days after the receipt of the writ, and the returning officer shall give public notice of the day, time, and place so fixed within three days after he receives the writ.

5. The candidate must be nominated in writing by two electors as proposer and seconder and by eight other electors as assenting to the nomination, and his nomination must be delivered to the returning officer by some elector.

6. If, at the expiration of the time fixed for nomination, no more candidates are nominated than there are vacancies to be filled up, the returning officer shall declare the candidates who stand nominated to be elected and certify the result of the election accordingly.

7. If, at the expiration of the time fixed for nomination, more candidates stand nominated than there are vacancies to be tilled up, the returning officer shall arrange for a poll to be taken.

8. A candidate may be withdrawn in manner provided by regulations made under this Act, and if, owing to the withdrawal of a candidate after nomination, a poll becomes unnecessary, the returning officer shall countermand the poll and declare any candidate elected whose nomination remains standing.

9. If one of the candidates nominated dies after he has been nominated and before the commencement of the poll, the returning officer shall countermand the poll and other proceedings for the election and commence the same again as if the writ had been received by him on the day on which he is satisfied of the fact that the death took place.

No fresh nomination shall be required in the case of a candidate who stood nominated at the time the poll was countermanded.

Poll.

10. The poll shall remain open for not less than four days nor more than six days, and shall take place on such days as may be fixed by the returning officer, commencing not more than twenty and not, leas than twelve clear days after the day of nomination.

11. The poll at each University shall be open at such place and for such time each day between the hours of 8 a.m. and 8 p.m. not being less than four hours, as the Vice-Chancellor of the University may direct.

12. The Vice-Chancellor of each University shall give public notice of the days and hours of poll and of the polling place appointed.

13. The Vice-Chancellor of each University shall at the University act as presiding officer and shall have general control over the arrangements for the conduct of the poll at such University.

1918.

Ch. 64.

307

Representation of the People Act, 1918.

14. No person other than the Vice-Chancellor, the registrar, their assistants and clerks, and the candidates and their agents shall be entitled to be present at the poll except with the sanction of the Vice-Chancellor.

15. The Vice-Chancellor of each University shall as regards the voting papers relating to such University decide on the validity of any voting paper to which objection is taken, or on the right of any person to vote, and the decision of the Vice-Chancellor, if the voting paper or the right to vote is allowed, shall be final, but, if the voting paper or the right to vote is disallowed, shall be subject to reversal on any proceeding questioning the election or return.

16. The register kept in pursuance of this Act by the University Court shall be conclusive as to the right of any person to vote at the poll; but this provision shall not entitle any person to vote if that person is subject to any legal incapacity.

17. Votes shall be given by means of voting papers, and no elector shall be allowed to vote in person, or in any other way than is herein provided. Each voting paper shall be in the form (A) appended to this Schedule. Each voting paper shall have a number printed or written on the back thereof, and shall have attached a counterfoil with the same uumber printed or written on the face. Before a voting paper is issued to an elector as herein-after provided, it shall be marked with an official mark, either stamped or perforated, and the number of such elector, as stated on the register shall be marked on the counterfoil, and a mark shall be placed in the register or any copy thereof used for the purposes of the election against the number of the elector to denote that a voting paper has been issued to him.

18. The registrar of each University, as soon as he conveniently can after the day of nomination, and not later than eight clear days thereafter, shall issue through the post a voting paper, in the form (A) appended to this Schedule, to each elector to his address as entered oil the register who shall appear from said address to be resident within the United Kingdom or the Channel Islands; and such voting paper (the Christian name, surname, designation, and residence of the elector as appearing on the register having previously been filled in by the registrar, or some one having his authority), contained in an envelope marked on the outside as sent by the registrar of the University, shall be accompanied by a letter of intimation in the form (B) appended to this schedule, and by a stamped envelope addressed to the registrar, for the return of the said voting paper; and each elector, upon receipt of his voting paper, if he desires to vote in the election, shall record his vote thereon, and the place and date of signature, and affix his subscription thereto, in the presence of one witness, who shall personally know the elector, and who shall attest the fact of such voting paper having been signed by the elector in his presence at the place therein mentioned, by signing his name at the foot thereof, and adding his designation and place of residence in the form or to the effect set forth in the form (A) appended to this schedule.

19. Thereafter the voting paper so signed and attested as aforesaid, shall, if the elector desires to vote in the election, be returned through the post to the registrar of the University by whom it was issued, so as to reach him not later than the time specified in the said letter of intimation for the return of the voting paper. Each voting paper, when received back by the registrar, shall be kept by him unopened in a fireproof safe, or other place of safety, until the poll begins.

308

Ch. 64. Representation of the People, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

20. If an elector, before or after ho has received a voting paper, shall intimate or cause to be intimated iu writing to the registrar that he is incapacitated from blindness or other physical cause to vote in the manner prescribed by this Act, it shall be lawful for the registrar, on getting back the voting paper from the elector, if such has been issued, to issue to the elector so incapacitated a voting paper in the form or to the effect set forth in the form (C) appended to this schedule; and on said voting paper being received by the elector, it shall be competent for him to record his vote by the hand of a justice of the peace in the manner therein directed; and the said justice of peace shall certify and attest the fact of his having been requested and authorised by the elector to sign said voting paper for him, and of its having been so sigued by him in the presence of the elector by signing an attestation in the form (C) aforesaid; and such voting paper, when received by the registrar, shall have the same effect and be similarly dealt with as a voting paper signed by an elector in the form (A) appended to this schedule.

21. An elector who has not received a voting paper sent by post as aforesaid to his address as appearing on the register, or who has before re-delivery thereof to the registrar, inadvertently spoilt his voting paper in such manner that it cannot be conveniently used as a voting paper, or who has lost his voting paper, may, on his transmitting to the registrar a declaration signed by himself before a justice of the peace setting forth the fact of the non-receipt, the inadvertent spoiling, or the Joss of the voting paper, require the registrar to send him a new voting paper in place of the one not received, or spoilt, or lost; and in case the voting paper has been spoilt, the spoilt voting paper shall be returned to the registrar, and when received by him shall be immediately cancelled, and in every case where a new voting paper is issued a mark shall be placed opposite the number of the elector’s name on the register, to denote that a new voting paper has been issued in place of the one not received, or spoilt, or lost.

22. An elector who does not appear from his address as entered on the register to be resident within the United Kingdom or the Channel Islands, may apply in writing to the registrar to seud a voting paper to him to an address within the United Kingdom or the Channel Islands.

23. The registrar, upon receiving an application in terms of either of the two preceding provisions hereof at any time before the day on which the poll begins, shall forthwith transmit a new voting paper, or a voting paper, as the case may be, to the address as appearing on the register, or to the address within - the United Kingdom or Channel Islands as the case may be:Provided that the registrar shall open all letters coming addressed to him from the Dead Letter Office after the date of his issuing the voting papers, in order to ascertain and make public the names and addresses of the electors whose voting papers have not reached them, which he shall do by exhibiting publicly at his office in the University as they reach him a list of the names and addresses of the electors whose letters have been returned to him from the Dead Letter Office, for the information of all concerned.

24. Wheu the poll begins, the voting papers shall be opened and examined by the registrar in the presence of the Vice-Chancellor and any candidate or agent of a candidate who may attend, and the voting papers found to be marked with the official mark and the number on the back as appearing on the counterfoil, and otherwise regular, shall be put apart until the end of the poll. Any voting paper which has not the official mark and the number on the back as appearing on the

1918.

Ch. 64.

Representation of the People Act, 1918.

counterfoil, or which is in the opinion of the Vice-Chancellor otherwise invalid, shall not be counted as a vote in the election, but shall be sealed up in a paper apart, marked on the back thereof with the words voting papers received but disallowed, " and initialled by the Vice-Chancellor.

25. It shall be lawful for any candidate or the agent of any candidate who may be in attendance at the poll, to inspect any voting paper and to object to it on one or more of the following grounds:—

(1) That the elector named in the voting paper has already voted at that election:

(2) That the person giving a vote by the voting paper is not qualified to vote:

(3) That the voting paper is forged or falsified:

(4) That the voting paper is wauting in any of the essential conditions required by this Act:

Provided, that in case the objection offered to any voting paper shall be that it is forged or falsified, such voting paper shall not on that ground alone be disallowed by the Vice-Chancellor, but he shall write upon it, objected to as forged, " or, objected to as falsified, " together with the name of the person making such objection.

26. No voting paper shall be counted which does not reach the registrar before ten of the clock on the morning of the day on which the poll closes.

Counting of Votes.

27. After the poll is closed all voting papers reoeived at any polling place shall be placed in a proper receptacle and sealed up and delivered to the returning officer, and the returning officer shall, as soon as practicable after the receipt of the votes from all the polling places, count the votes and publish the result.

28. Where an equality of votes is found to exist between any candidates on a final count and the addition of a vote would entitle any of those candidates to be declared elected, the returning officer may give a deciding vote, but the returning officer shall not be entitled to vote at the election in any other case.

General.

29. Arrangements may be made for counting votes at an election for the combined university constituency at each of the universities forming the combination, if the transferable vote is not used at that election, and for a record of the votes counted at each University being sent to the returning officer for the combined constituency in order that he may ascertain and declare the result of the election.

30. The returning officer shall appoint such deputies and clerks as he may think necessary for the proper holding of the election, and shall supply forms of nomination papers.

31. All voting papers received and counted* at an election, and the counterfoils thereof, as well as any voting papers disallowed for informality, or on any other ground, and the counterfoils thereof, shall be filed, and, along with any copy of the register used for the purposes of said election, shall be kept by the returning officer for a period of twelve months after the closing of the poll.

Y

310

Ch. 64. Representation of the People Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

32. Any person falsely or fraudulently signing any votiDg paper in the name of any other person, either as a voter or as a witness, and every person signing, certifying, attesting, or transmitting as geouiue any false or falsified voting paper, knowing the same to be false or falsified, or with fraudulent intent altering, defacing, destroying, withholding, or obstructing any voting paper, shall be guilty of a crime and offence, and shall be punishable by fine or imprisonment for a term not exceeding one year.

33. No such voting paper as herein-before mentioned shall be liable to any stamp duty.

34. Any expenses reasonably incurred by the Vice-Chancellor of each

University in connection with the arrangements for an election shall be repaid to him by that University:Provided that any expenses so

incurred by the returning officer in connection with the nomination and the counting of votes shall be paid in equal shares by the four Universities forming the constituency.

35. If any person, for the purpose of enabling any other person to vote at a university election, corruptly pays on his behalf any fees which such other person is required to pay in order to be registered or entitled to vote, he shall be guilty of an illegal practice within the meaning of the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883, and that Act shall apply accordingly.

36. In reckoning time for the purpose of the provisions in this Schedule, Sunday, Christmas Day, and any day set apart as a bank or public holiday or public fast or public thanksgiving shall be excluded; and where anything required by these provisions to be done on any day falls to be done on any such day it may be done on the next day not being one of any such days.

37. If regulations are made under this Act as to the manner in which public notice is to be given under the provisions of this Schedule, public notice shall be given in manner directed under any such regulations for the time being in force, and if no such regulations are in force shall be given in such manner as the returning officer or the Vice-Chancellor us the oaee may be, considers best fitted for giving notice to the persons concerned.

38. An election shall not be declared invalid by reason of nou-compliance with these provisions if it appears to the tribunal having jurisdiction that the election was conducted in accordance with the principle of these provisions and that the non-compliance with these provisions did not affect the result of the election.

39. Where the Vice-Chancellor or registrar of any University is absent, or is incapacitated by illness for discharging any duty required of him by this Act, or if the office of Vice-Chancellor or of registrar shall be vacant, the duties by this Act imposed on the Vice-Chancellor or registrar respectively shall be discharged by a person appointed for that purpose by the University Court of such University; and such person shall in that respect, but in no other, act for the time as and be deemed to be Vice-Chancellor or registrar of such University.

1918.

Representation of the People, 1918.

Ch 64.

311

Form A.

University of (Name of University) Voting Paper.

No. (number of elector as on the register).

I, A.B. (here give the elector's name in

full and his designation), give my vote as indicated below:—

•Candidates. Order of Preference.

A

B

C

D

I declare that I have signed no other voting paper at this election for the combined university constituency of the University of St. Andrews, the University of Glasgow, the University of Aberdeen, and the University of Edinburgh.

fl also declare —

(In the case of a man) that I have not voted at this general election in respect of any qualification other than a residence qualification;

(In the case of a woman) that I have not voted at this general election for any other university constituency.

Signed A.B.

Address

The day of 19

I declare that this voting paper (the vote having been recorded thereon), was signed in my presence by A.B., who is known to me, on the day of

19

previously

personally

Signed C.D.

Designation

Address

* . This form will require modification where the transferable vote is not used at the election.

f This declaration is to be made only at a general election.

312

Ch. 64. Representation of the People, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Form B.

University of (Name of University). REGISTRAR’S LETTER.

No. (number of elector as on the register).

Persons Nominated Proposed by Seconded by

A Name of Proposer Name of Seconder

B Do. Do.

C Do. Do.

D Do. Do.

Sir,

I have to intimate that the above-named persons have been nominated for the office of member of Parliament. Along with this letter jou will receive a voting paper, and, should you desire to vote at this election, I have to request that you will record your vote thereon and the place and date of your signing, and having signed your uarae thereto in presence of one witness, who will also sigD his name as directed, you will return the voting paper by post to me at the University of,

so as to reach me on or before 10 a.m. of (insert the day on which the poll finally closes).

I am, &c.

(Signed) G. H., Registrar.

(Date.)

Form C.

University of (Name of University) Voting Paper. INCAPACITATED ELECTOR.

No. (number of elector as on register).

I, A.B. (here give the elector's name in full and his ), give

ray vote as indicated below, and I have requested and authorised C.D., a justice of peace, to make the entries in this voting paper on my behalf and

1918. Representation of the People Act, 1918. Ch. 64.

on my instructions, and to subscribe this voting paper and declaration(s) for me, as I am from (state the incapacity) unable to write:—

Candidates. Order of Preference.

A

B

C

D i

I declare that I have signed no other voting paper at this election for the combined university constituency of the University of St. Andrews, the University of Glasgow, the University of Aberdeen, and the University of Edinburgh.

fl also declare

(In the case of a man) that I have not voted at this general election in respect of any qualification other than a residence qualification;

(In the case of a woman) that I have not voted at this general election for any other university constituency.

Signed A.B.

Address

The day of 19 .

I, C.D., a justice of peace for, and residing at

, hereby declare that A.B., before named, being personally known to me, did in my presence make the declaration(s) before mentioned, and did duly request and authorise me to make the entries in this voting paper on his behalf and on his instructions, and to subscribe this voting paper for him, which I did on day

of 19, in the presence of the said A.B.

(Signed) C.D., a justice of peace for,

and residing at

SIXTH SCHEDULE.

Adaptation of Acts.

1. A reference to parliamentary electors registered under this Act shall be substituted for any reference in any other Act to parliamentary electors, parliamentary voters, or persons entitled to vote at parliamentary elections, by whatever name called.

* This form will require modification where the transferable vote is not used at the election.

f This declaration is to be made only at a general election.

Section

Ch. 64. Representation of the People Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

2. A reference to local government electors registered under this Act shall, so far as local government elections and the right to vote at any such elections are concerned, be substituted for any reference in any other Act to local government electors, county electors, burgesses, parochial electors, or other persons entitled to vote at a local government election, by whatever name called, and local government electors so registered shall for all purposes, whether statutory or not, be in the same position as any such local government electors, county electors, burgesses, parochial electors, or persons.

3. A reference to the register kept in pursuance of this Act shall, so far as it relates to parliamentary electors, be substituted for any reference in any Act to the parliamentary register of electors or to the parliamentary register or to the register of parliamentary electors or to the register of persons entitled to vote at a parliamentary election, by whatever name called, and, so far as it relates to the local government register, shall be substituted for the local government register of electors, the burgess roll, the county register, the register of parochial electors, and for the register of persons entitled to vote at a local government election, by whatever name called.

' 4. The registration officer shall be substituted for the overseers in sections eleven and twelve of the Parliamentary and Municipal Registration Act, 1878, and in any other enactment dealing with the duties of the overseers in connection with the registration of electors; and in sections thirty-nine, sixty-eight and sixty-nine of the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883, "registration officer" means the registration officer under this Act.

5. Subsection (4) of section forty of the Local Government Act, 1888, shall have effect as if the words "for the time being " were substituted for the words "at the passing of this Act "; and, in order to meet any difficulty (consequent on the change of boundaries under this provision) in filling casual vacancies by election in the London County Council, auy such casual vacancy shall, until the first election of the whole number of councillors which takes place after the passing of this Act, be filled by means of the choice by the Council of a person to fill the vacancy, and the councillor so chosen shall hold office in such manner and in all respects as if he had been elected to fill the vacancy.

6. Sections eleven and thirteen and (so far as necessary) section twelve of the Parliamentary and Municipal Registration Act, 1878, shall be adapted so as to be applicable to parishes situated in any constituency or in any local government area, and for that purpose "constituency" shall be substituted in those sections for "parliamentary borough," "local government area" for "municipal borough," and "registered as a local government elector" for "enrolled as a burgess."

7. The Local Government Board may, by order, make such further adaptations in the provisions of any Act (including any local Act and any Act to confirm a Provisional Order and any scheme under the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, as amended by any subsequent Act) as may seem to them necessary to make those provisions conform with the provisions of this Act; and auy order so made shall operate as if enacted in this Act.

As respects Scotland the Secretary for Scotland, and as respects Ireland the Local Government Board for Ireland, shall be substituted for the Local Government Board in this schedule.

1918.

Representation of the People Act, 1918. Ch. 64. 315

Special Adaptation of Acts for Scotland.

8. The Representation of the People (Scotland) Act, 1832 (2 A 3 Will. 4. c. 65):—

Section thirty-eight shall apply as if this Act were mentioned therein as well as the Act therein mentioned.

The Representation of the People (Scotland) Act, 1868 (31 & 32 Vict. c. 48):—

Section twenty-three shall apply as if appeals from the sheriff coart under this Act were mentioned therein instead of the appeals therein mentioned.

The Ballot Act, 1872 (35 & 36 Vict. c. 33)

In Rule 60 of Part I. of the First Schedule, a reference to Division (4) of Part I. of the Ninth Schedule to this Act shall be substituted for the reference to the Schedules in that Rule mentioned.

The Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883 (46 & 47 Vict. c. 51):—

In section sixty-eight in the definition of u revising barrister, " for the word "sheriff" shall be substituted the words "registration officer."

The Registration Amendment (Scotland) Act, 1885 (48 & 49 Vict. c. 16):—

In section six, for the words "dwelling-house within the meaning of the Representation of the People Act, 1884, " there shall be substituted the words, " house or part of a house occupied " as a separate dwelling: Provided that no such entry shall

44 render liable to be rated in respect of any such house or part of 44 a house any person who occupies the same by virtue of any office, service, or employment."

The Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889 (52 & 53 Vict. c. 50):—

In section six, the words in the Representation of the People Act, 1918, " shall be substituted for the word hereinafter."

The Elections (Scotland) (Corrupt and Illegal Practices) Act, 1890 (53 & 54 Vict. c. 55)

In section twenty-nine the words registration officer " shall be substituted for revising authority, " and at the end of subsection (1) of the said section the following words shall be added, and shall make out a list (which may be referred to as the corrupt and illegal practices list) containing the name and description of every person whose name has been so omitted, and shall state in that list the offence of which each such person has been convicted or found guilty."

The Town Councils (Scotland) Act, 1900 (63 & 64 Vict. c. 49):—

In subsection (1) of section twenty-three the words ‘‘registered *4 as local government electors for the burgh in accordance with the provisions of the Representation of the People Act, 1918"

316

Ch. 64. Representation of the People Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

shall be substituted for the words "entitled in respect of premises " within the municipal boundary to vote in the election of a " member of Parliament.1 ’

Special Adaptation of Acts for Ireland.

9. The Juries Act (Ireland), 1871 (34 & 35 Vict. c. 65):—

In sections twelve and fourteen, a reference to the county court shall be substituted for a reference to the court at which the register of parliamentary voters is revised.

The Parliamentary Registration (Ireland) Act, 1885 (48 & 49 Vict. c. 17):—

In section sixteen the registration officer shall be substituted for the clerk of the union; " fifteenth of July " shall be substituted for "first of July" and the word "male" shall be omitted.

Section 43 (is). SEVENTH SCHEDULE.

Returning Officers for Scottish Constituencies situated in more than one Sheriffdom.

Name of Parliamentary Borough or County. Name of Division. Returning Officer.

Montrose District of Burghs — Sheriff of Forfar.

Ayr and Bute - Bute and Northern - Sheriff of Ayr.

Berwick and Haddington - — Sheriff of the Lothians and Peebles.

Caithness and Sutherland - — Sheriff of Caithness, Orkney, and Zetland.

Inverness and Ross and Cromarty. Western Isles - Sheriff of Ross, Cromarty, and Sutherland.

Perth and Kinross Kinross and Western Sheriff of Perth.

Renfrew - Eastern - . Sheriff of Renfrew and Bute.

1918.

Representation of the People Aet, 1918. EIGHTH SCHEDULE.

Ch. 64.

317

Section 47.

Enactments Repealed.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title or Extent of Repeal.

8 Hen. 6. c. 7. Electors of knights of the shires shall have 40*. a year freehold and be resident. The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

10 Hen. 6. c. 2. The Statute 8 Hen. 6. c. 7 as to freehold qualification of electors of knights of the shires; such freeholds shall be within the county. The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

7&8 Will. 3. c. 25. An Act for the further regulating elections of members to serve in Parliament, and for the preventing irregular proceedings of sheriffs and other officers in the electing and returning such members. Section six.

10 Anne, c. 31. The Elections (Fraudulent Conveyances) Act, 1711. The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

13 Geo. 2. c. 20. The Parliamentary Elections (Fraudulent Conveyances) Act, 1739. The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

18 Geo. 2. c. 18. The Parliamentary Elections Act, 1744. The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

19 Geo. 2. c. 28. The Parliamentary Elections Act, 1745. The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

3 Geo. 3. c. 15. The Freemen (Admission) Act, 1763. The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

20 Geo. 3. c. 17. The Parliamentary Elections Act, 1780. The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

25 Geo. 3. c. 84. The Parliamentary Elections Act, 1785. The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

33 Geo. 3. c. 64. The Parliamentary Elections Act, 1793. The whole Act.

53 Geo. 3. c. 49. The Parliamentary Elections Act, 1813. The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

318

Ch. 64. Representation of the People Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title or Extent of Repeal.

4 Geo. 4. The Joint Tenancy (Ire- The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

c. 36. land) Act, 1823.

4 Geo. 4. The Parliamentary Elec- Sections twenty-four, twenty-six.

c. 55. tions (Ireland) Act, 1823. twenty-seven, and twenty-eight.

2 & 3 Will. 4. The Representation of the The whole Act (except sections sixty-

c. 45. People Act, 1832. six, seventy, and seventy-six, and the definition of "returning officer" in section seventy-nine); the words barrister, overseer, " in section

seventy-six wherever they occur.

2 & 3 Will. 4. The Representation of the Sections two to four, six to thirteen;

c. 65. People (Scotland) Act, section twenty - seven; section

1832. twenty-eight; section thirty-five; section thirty-six, so far as relating to town clerks or deputy town clerks being entitled to vote; section thirty-seven; section forty; section forty-two, and the schedules so far as unre-

pealed.

2 & 3 Will. 4. The Representation of the The whole Act so far as unrepealed

c. 88. People (Ireland) Act, except sections eleven and twelve.

1832.

5 A 6 Will. 4. The Parliamentary Elec- Section seven.

c. 36. tions Act, 1835.

5 & 6 Will. 4. The Representation of the Sections three, four, nine, ten, and

c. 78. People (Scotland) Act, eleven.

1835.

3 & 4 Vict. The Municipal Corporations Sections six and eight to ten.

c. 108. (Ireland) Act, 1840.

5 & 6 Vict. The University of Dublin The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

c. 74. Registration Act, 1842.

6 & 7 Vict. The Parliamentary Voters The whole Act (except sections eighty-

c. 18. Registration Act, 1843. one, eighty-two, eighty-five to ninety, ninety-three, and ninety-

seven, and the definition of returning officer " in section one hundred and one), the word "overseer" in section ninety-seven.

11 & 12 Vict. The Parliamentary Elections The whole Act.

c. 90. Act, 1848.

12 & 13 Vict. The Dublin Corporation Sections two, three, five, six, seven,

c. 85. Act, 1849. and ten to twelve.

13 & 14 Vict. The Vestries Act, 1850 Section seven from to give the notices

c 57- for claims " to for revising them, and, " and the words burgess lists and the ".

13 & 14 Vict, The Parliamentary Elec- Sections six to nine and section nine-

c. 68. tions (Ireland) Act, 1850. | teen.

1918.

Representation of the People Act, 1918. Ch. 64.

319

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title or

13 & 14 Vict. The Representation of the

c. 69. People (Ireland) Act, 1850.

14 & 15 Vict. The Compound House-

c. 14. holders Act, 1851.

14 & 15 Vict. The Civil Bill Courts (Ire-

c. 57. land) Act, 1851.

16 & 17 Vict. The County Elections

c. 28. (Scotland) Act, 1853.

16 & 17 Vict. The Dublin Parliamentary

c. 58. Revising Act, 1853.

16 & 17 Vict. The Parliamentary Elec-

c. 68. tions Act, 1853.

17 & 18 Vict. The Lands Valuation (Scot-

c. 91. land) Act, 1854.

19 & 20 Vict. The Burgh Voters Regis-

c. 58. tration (Scotland) Act, 1856.

20 & 21 Vict. The Dublin Revising

c. 68. Barristers Act, 1857.

24 & 25 Vict. The University Elections

c. 53. Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. The Representation of the

c. 60. People (Ireland) Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. The County Voters Regis-

c. 83. tration (Scotland) Act, 1861.

27 & 28 Vict. The Registration of County

c. 22. Voters (Ireland) Act, 1864.

28 & 29 Vict. The County Voters Regis-

c. 36. tration Act, 1865.

29 & 30 Vict. The Revising Barristers

c. 54. Act, 1866.

30 & 31 Vict. The Representation of the

c. 102. People Act, 1867.

Extent of Repeal.

The whole Act so far as unrepealed (except sections eighty - eight to ninety - seven and sections one hundred and three, one hundred and eight, and one hundred and eighteen).

The whole Act.

Section one hundred and sixty-one.

Sections two, three, five, six and seven.

The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

In section one the words "for the " Universities of Oxford and Cambridge and " the words "to the " Vice-Chancellors of the said " Universities and " and the words Vice-Chancellors and "; sections four and five.

Section thirty-four.

The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

The whole Act so far as unrepealed except sections two and five.

The whole Act so far ns unrepealed.

The whole Act.

The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

The whole Act (except sections one, two, seven, thirty-seven, forty-nine to fifty-two, fifty-seven, fifty-nine, and sixty-one, and Schedule H.); section fifty-niue from "and in construing to the end of the section.

320 Ch. 64. Representation of the People, 1918. 7 & & Geo. 5.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title or Extent of Repeal.

31 & 32 Vict. The Representation of the Sections three to six, sections eight to

c. 48. People (Sootland) Act, 1868. fourteen, sections sixteen to twenty, sections twenty-two, twenty-four, twenty-six, thirty-seven to forty-two, forty-five, forty-seven to fifty, fifty-three, fifty-five, fifty-six, and in section fifty-nine the definition of "premises, " and Schedules A., B., C.« D., and I.

31 & 32 Vict. The Representation of the Sections three to seven, fourteen.

c. 49. People (Ireland) Act, 1868. sixteen, seventeen, and twenty-four.

31 & 32 Vict. The Parliamentary Electors The whole Act (except sections one.

c. 58. Registration Act, 1868. two, three, and twenty-one).

31 & 32 Vict 32 Vict. c. 65. The Universities Elections Act, 1868. The whole Act.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 112. The Registration Amendment (Ireland) Act, 1868. The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

32 & 33 Vict 33 Vict. The Poor Rate Assessment Section seven so far as it relates to

c. 41. and Collection Act, 1869. franchise and any disqualification which depends on franchise; section ten, and section nineteen so far as it relates to franchise and any disqualification which depends on franchise.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 11. The Dublin Collector of Rates Act, 1870. The whole Act.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 33. The Ballot Act, 1872 Section five; section eight from "all expenses " to " by law payable, " and (except as respects Scotland and Ireland) from " where the sheriff" to the end of the section; subsection (5) of section sixteen, subsection (4) of section seventeen, sections eighteen and nineteen, section twenty-five from " or where " to "is proved on such trial to have voted at such election" and from " or so retained " to end of the section; section thirty-three from " and shall continue in force " to the end of the section; rules 3 and 58 in the First Schedule.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 2. The Polling Districts (Ireland) Act, 1873. The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 30. The Registration of Voters (Ireland) Act, 1873. The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 70. The Revising Barristers Act, 1873. The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

37 & 38 Vict. The Revising Barristers The whole Act so far as unrepealed. i

c. 53. Act, 1874.

1018.

Representation of the People Act, 1918. Ch. 64. 321

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title or Extent of Repeal.

38 & 39 Vict. The Supreme Court of In section twenty-three, the words "or

c. 77. Judicature Act, 1875. " the distribution of revising bar risters among the circuits, " and from "and the senior judge" to " boroughs therein."

38 & 39 Vict. The Parliamentary Elec- Sections two to five, and section seven.

O 00 tions (Returning Officers) Act, 1875. and the Schedules, except so far as those sections and schedules apply to elections other than parliamentary elections.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 61. The Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876. Section fourteen.

40 & 41 Vict. The Supreme Court of Subsection (2) of section twenty-three

c. 57. J udicature Act (Ireland), 1877. from " including " to the end of the subsection.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 3. The House Occupiers Disqualification Removal Act, 1878. The whole Act.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 5. The House Occupiers Disqualification Removal (Scotland) Act, 1878. The whole Act.

41 & 42 Vict 42 Vict. The Parliamentary and The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

c. 26. Municipal Registration Act, 1878. (except sections one, two, eleven, twelve, thirteen and fourteen).

41 & 42 Vict. c. 41. The Parliamentary Elections Returning Officers' Expenses (Scotland) Act, 1878. Section three and the Schedule.

41 & 42 Vict 42 Vict. c. 78. The Education (Scotland) Act, 1878. Section twenty-four.

42 & 43 Vict 43 Vict. The Assessed Rates Act, The whole Act so far as it relates to

c. 10. 1879. franchise and any disqualification which depends on franchise.

42 & 43 Vict 43 Vict. c. 71. The Registry Courts (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1879. The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

43 & 44 Vict. c. 6. The House Occupiers in Counties Disqualification Removal (Scotland) Act, 1880. The whole Act.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 40. The Universities Elections Amendment (Scotland) Act, 1881. The whole Act.

44 & 45 Vict. The Supreme Court of Section fourteen as far as respects

c. 68. Judicature Act, 1881. appeals in registration matters.

322

Ch. 64.1 ‘ Representation of the People, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Title or

Extent of Repeal.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 50.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

47 & 48 Vict 48 Vict. c. 35.

47 & 48 Vict. c. 70.

The Municipal Corpora* done Act, 1882.

The Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883.

The County of Dublin Jurors* and Voters’ Revision Act, 1884.

The Municipal Elections (Corrupt and Illegal Practices) Act, 1884.

Section nine; in subsection (2) of section eleven the words from "or (b) Being entitled "to " to be made, " and the words "In either of those cases"; sections thirty-two and thirty - three; subsection (3) of section forty-two; section forty-four; paragraphs (1) to (7) of section forty - five; sections forty - six to forty-nine; in subsection (2) of section fifty-one the words "or vote in more than one ward "; sections sixty-three, seventy-one, and seventy-six, subsections (1) and (3) of section two hundred and nine, section two hundred and forty-four, Part I. of the Third Schedule, in rule four of Part II. of the Third Schedule, the words "or entered in the separate non-resident list " required by this Act to be made, " Part IV. of the Third Schedule, rule one of Part II. of the Fifth Schedule so far as respects expenses incurred in relation to the enrolment of burgesses, and Forms C to G in Part II. of the Eighth Schedule.

Subsection (2) of section thirty-two; paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of section thii'ty-three; subsection (1) of section thirty-five from " and may charge " to the end of the subsection; subsection (3) of section thirty-nine; section forty-seven; the definitions of " registration officer " in sections sixty-four and sixty-eight; subsection (12) of section sixty-eight; subsection (4) of section sixty-nine from " in the manner " to the end of the subsection; subsection (9) of section sixty-nine; paragraph (7) of Part I. of the First Schedule; paragraph (1) of Part II. of the First Schedule; in the " Form of Return of Election Expenses " in Part I. of the Second Schedule the first paragraph under the heading " Expenditure."

Section two, so far as respects the appointment of revising barristers and the registration of voters.

Subsection (3) of section thirteen.

1918.

Representation of the People Act, 1918. Ch. 64.

323

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title or Extent of Repeal.

48 & 49 Vict 49 Vict. c. 3. The Representation of the People Act, 1884. The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 9. The Municipal Voters Relief Act, 1885. The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 15. The Registration Act, 1885 The whole Act so far as unrepealed (except sections sixteen, nineteen, and twenty); the definitions of " ownership voter, " " fifty pounds rental voter, " and " occupation voter" in section nineteen.

48 & 49 Vict. The Registration Amend- Section three, except so far as it

c. 16. ment (Scotland) Act, 1885. relates to the valuation roll, sections four and five, sections seven to ten, thirteen to fifteen, and section seventeen.

48 & 49 Vict. The Parliamentary Regis- Sections two to six, eight, nine, thirteen,

c. 17. tration (Ireland) Act, 1885. fifteen, seventeen to thirty, and the Second Schedule.

48 & 49 Vict. The Redistribution of Seats As respects England and Scotland the

c. 23. Act, 1885. whole Act so far as unrepealed, and as respects Ireland, subsections (3) and (4) of section eight, sections ten to twelve, subsections (3), (4), and (5) of section thirteen, sections fourteen, fifteen, eighteen, and twenty, and in section twenty-six the words from " with the following " to the end of the section.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 46. The Medical Relief Disqualification Removal Act, 1885. The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

48 & 49 Vict. The Parliamentary Elec- The whole Act so far as unrepealed,

c. 62. tions (Returning Officers) Act, 1885. except so far as it applies to elections other than parliamentary elections.

49 & 50 Vict. c. 42. The Revising Barristers Act, 1886. The whole Act.

49 & 50 Vict. c. 43. The Revising Barristers (Ireland) Act, 1886. The whole Act.

49 & 50 Vict. The Parliamentary Elec- The whole Act so far as unrepealed,

c. 57. tions (Returning Officers) Act (1875) Amendment Act, 1886. except so far as it applies to elections other than parliamentary elections.

49 & 50 Vict. c. 58. The Returning Officers (Scotland) Act, 1886. The whole Act.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 65. The Sheriffs Act, 1887 Subsection (2) of section eighteen, so far as respects sheriffs’ courts required for the purpose of elections.

324

Ch. 64. Representation of the People, 1918. 7 Geo. 5.

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Title or

Extent of Repeal.

51 & 52 Vict.

c. 10.

51 & 52 Vict,

o. 41.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 50.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 55.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 58.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 11.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 18.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 49.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 68.

56 & 57 Vict. c. 73.

57 & 58 Vict. c. 58.

59 & 60 Vict.

c. 17.

61 & f>2 Vict,

c. 2.

The County Electors Act. 1888.

The Local Government Act. 1888.

The Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889.

The Elections (Scotland) (Corrupt and Illegal Practices) Act, 1890.

The Parliamentary Registration Expenses (Ireland) Act, 1890.

The Electoral Disabilities Removal Act, 1891.

The Registration of Electors Act, 1891.

The Returning Officers (Scotland) Act, 1891.

The County Councils (Elections) Act, 1891.

The Local Government Act, 1894.

The Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1894.

The Glasgow Parliamentary Divisions Act, 1896.

The Registration (Ireland) Act, 1898.

The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

Paragraph (5) of subsection (2) of section two from " or is registered " to the end of the paragraph; paragraph (xii) of section three; subsection (6) of section thirty-four; proviso twelve in section seventy - five; sections seventy-six and seventy-seven; in paragraph (6), of section eighty-three the words "registration of parliamentary voters or to the, " the words "or to any registration matters, " and the word "registration " where it lastly occurs; in subsection (2) of section ninety-two the word "occupation " and the words "of making out and revising " the lists of voters, of conducting " any parliamentary election "; subsection (3) of section ninety-two.

Subsection (4) of section eight, and sections twenty-eight and twenty-nine.

In section one the definition of "revising authority "; subsection (3) of section seventeen; subsections (7) and (8) of section twenty-uine.

The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

Section three and the Schedule.

Section two.

Sections forty-three and forty-four.

Subsection (1) of section ten from " provided that " to the end of the subsection; sections eleven and twelve.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

1918.

Ch. 64.

325

Representation of the People, 1918.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title or Extent of Repeal.

61 & 62 Vict. c. 37. The Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1898. Section ninety-eight except subsection (8); section one hundred and nine from " The expression revising barrister’" to "1885"

62 & 63 Vict. c. 14. The London Government Act, 1899. Subsection (4) of section three; subsection (1) of section four from " and shall be " to 41 electors "; and subsection (2) of section twenty-seven.

63 & 64 Vict. c. 29. The London County Council Electors Qualification Act, 1900. The whole Act.

63 & 64 Vict. c. 49. The Town Councils (Scotland) Act, 1900. Section twenty-three from the words all persons who would have been entitled " to the end of the section; and sections twenty-four to thirty-two.

3 Edw. 7. c. 34. The Town Councils (Scotland) Act, 1903. Sections two and four.

8 Edw. 7. c. 14. The Polling Arrangements (Parliamentary Boroughs) Act, 1908. The whole Act.

8 Edw. 7. c. 21. The Registration Act, 1908 The whole Act.

8 ICdw. 7. c. 35. The Polling Districts and Registration of Voters (Ireland) Act, 1908. The whole Act.

8 Edw. 7. c. 48. The Post Office Act, 1908 Section eighty.

1 A2 Geo. 5. c. 53. The House Letting and Rating (Scotland) Act, 1911. Section seven, proviso (3) from the words Provided that for the purposes of any qualification or franchise " to end of that proviso; and section eight.

4 & 5 Geo. 5. c. 25. The Electoral Disabilities (Naval and Military Service) Removal Act, 1914. The whole Act.

Z

326

Ch. 64. Representation of the People Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Section* NINTH SCHEDULE.

20 (2), 37.

Redistribution or Seats.

1. The names, contents, and boundaries of each parliamentary borough and county and division thereof shall be as specified in this schedule.

2. The areas mentioned in the second and last columns of this schedule

shall be taken to be those areas as constituted on the first day of October nineteen hundred and seventeen:Provided that any misnomer or inaccu-

rate description of any of those areas in those columns shall not in any way prevent or abridge the operation of this Act with respect to the subject of the description if it is so designated as to be commonly understood.

3. The wards mentioned in this schedule are, in relation to any borough in London, wards of the metropolitan borough; in relation to any municipal borough, wards of the municipal borough; and, in relation to any urban district, wards of the urban district.

4. The expression burgh, 1’ when used in this schedule, means a burgh as bounded for police purposes on the first day of October nineteen hundred and seventeen.

5. If any doubt arises as to the constituency in which any parish, townland, ward, or other place, whether larger or smaller than a parish, townland, or ward, is intended by this schedule to be included, that doubt shall be determined by the Local Government Board, or in Scotland by the Secretary for Scotland.

Part I.

PARLIAMENTARY BOROUGHS.

(1) London.

Name of Parliamentary Borough. Contents of Parliamentary Borough. Total Number of Members for Parliamentary Borough. Names of Divisions of Parliamentary Borough. ✓ Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Battersea Metropolitan borough of Battersea. Two North South Church, Latchmere, Nine Elms and Park Wards. Bolingbroke, Broomwood, St. John, Shaftesbury and Winstanley Wards.

Bermondsey Metropolitan borough of Bermondsey. Two Rotherhithe St. John, St. Olave and St. Thomas Wards, Wards numbers five and six, Bermondsey, and Wards numbers one, two and three, Rotherhithe.

West Bermondsey. Wards numbers one, two, three and four, Bermondsey.

1918.

327

Representation of the People Act, 1918. Ch. 64.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part I. — continued.

PARLIAMENTARY BOROUGHS — _(1) London — continued._

Name of Parliamentary Borough. Contents of Parliamentary Borough. Total Number of Members for Parliamentary Borough. Names of Divisions of Parliamentary Borough. Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Bethnal Green. Metropolitan borough of Bethnal Green. Two North East South West North and East Wards. South and West Wards.

Camberwell - Metropolitan borough of Camberwell. Four Dulwich North North West Peck ham - Alleyn, College, Hamlet, Ruskin and St. John’s Wards. Coburg, Marlborough, North Peckham and St. George’s Wards. Addington, Lyndhurst, St. Giles, Town Hall and West Wards. Clifton, Goldsmith, Nunhead, The Rye, Rye Lane and St. Mary’s Wards.

Chelsea Metropolitan borough of Chelsea. One

City of London. City of London. Two -

Deptford Metropolitan borough of Deptford. One -

Finsbury Metropolitan borough of Finsbury. One

Fulham Metroi»olitan borough of Fulham. Two East -West - Baron’s Court, Lillie, Sands End and Walham Wards. Hurlingham, Margravine, Munster and Town Wards.

Greenwich - Metropolitan borough of Greenwich. One

Hackney Metropolitan borough of Hackney. Three Central North Z 2 Downs, Hackney and Kingsland Wards, and the part of West Hackney Ward which lies to the south and east of a line drawn along the middle of Shacklewell Lane. Stamford Hill Ward, the part of Clapton Park Ward which lies to the north of a line drawn along the middle of Glenarm Road to its junction with Glyn Road, thence along the middle of Glyn Road to its junction with

328 Ch. 64. Representation of the People Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part I. —

PARLIAMENTARY BOROUGHS — continued.

(1) London — __________

Name of Parliamentary Borough.

Contents of Parliamentary Borough.

Total dumber of Members for Parliamentary Borough.

Names of Divisions of Parliamentary Borough.

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Hackney — continued.

Hammersmith

Hampstead -

Holborn

Islington

Kensington

Metropolitan borough of Hammersmith.

Metropolitan borough of Hampstead.

Metropolitan borough of Holborn.

Metropolitan borough of Islington.

Metropolitan borough of Kensington.

North — continued.

Two

One

One

Four

South

North

South

Two

East -North South West

North

South

Redwald Road, thence along the middle of Redwald Road to its junction with Maclaren Street, thence straight to the middle of the nearest gate of the recreation grounds adjoining the premises in Daubeney Road, thence straight to the borough boundary at a point fifty feet north of a boundary post situate at the junction of the Waterworks River with the River Lea at Lead Mill Poiut, and the part of West Hackney Ward which is not included in the Central Division.

Homerton and South Hackney Wards, and the part of Clapton Park Ward which is not included in the North Division.

Numbers four, five, six and seven Wards.

Numbers one, two and three Wards.

Canonbury, Highbury and Mildmay Wards.

Tollington, Tufnell and Upper Holloway Wards.

Barnsbury, St. Mary and St. Peter Wards.

Lower Holloway and Thornhill Wards.

Golborne, Norland, Pembridge and St. Charles Wards.

Brompton, Earl's Court, Holland, Queen's Gate and Redcliffe Wards.

1918.

Representation of the People Act, 1918. Ch. 64. r — -1 329

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part I. —

PARLIAMENTARY BOROUGHS —

__________(1) London — continued._____

Name of Parliamentary Borough. Contents of Parliamentary Borough. Total Number of Members for Parliamentary Borough. Names of Divisions of Parliamentary Borough. Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Lambeth Metropolitan borough of Lambeth. Four Brixton Keuniugton North Norwood - Stock well Ward, the part of Brixton Ward which is not included in the Kennington Division, the part of Herne Hill Ward which lies to the north of a line running from Cold-harbour Lane along the north side of the London, Brighton and South Coast Railway to Denmark Hill, and the part of Tulse Hill Ward which lies to the north and west of a line running along the middle of Brixton Hill from Mill Lane to Water Lane, along the middle of Water Lane to Effra Road, and along the middle of Effra Road to Coldharbour Lane. Vauxhall Ward, the part of Brixton Ward which lies to the north of a line running from Clapham Road along the middle of Stockwell Park Road, Grove Road, Brixton Road, Mostyn Road, Akerman Road and Lothian Road and across Camberwell New Road to Wyndham Road, and the part of Prince’s Ward which is not included in the North Division. Bishop’s and Marsh Wards, and the part of Prince’s Ward which lies to the north of a line running from Vauxhall Bridge along the middle of Upper Kennington Lane and Lower Kennington Lane to Newington Butts. Norwood Ward, and the part of each of the Herne Hill and Tulse Hill Wards which is not included in the Brixton Division.

Lewisham - Metropolitan borough of Lewisham. Two East -West Blackheath, Church, Lewisham Park, Manor and South Wards, and the part of each of the Catford and the Lewisham Village Wards which lies to the east of the centre of the Mid^ Kent Branch of the South-Eastern and Chatham Railway. Brockley, Forest Hill and Sydenham Wards, and the part of each of the Catford and the Lewisham Village Wards which is not included in the East Division.

330

Ch. 64.

Representation of the People Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part I. — continued.

PARLIAMENTARY BOROUGHS — continued.

(1) London — continued.

Name of Parliamentary Boroufh.

Contents of Total Number of

Parliamentary Members for Parlia-

Borough. mentary Borough.

Names of Divisions of Parliamentary Borough.

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Paddington

Metropolitan borough of Paddington.

Two

Poplar

- Metropolitan borough of Poplar.

Two

St. Maryle-bone.

St. Pancras -

Metropolitan borough of St. Maryle-bone.

Metropolitan borough of St. Pancras.

One

Three

North

South

Bow and Bromley.

South Poplar

Harrow lioad. Queen's Park and Maida Vale Wards, and the part of Church Ward which lies to the north and east of a line commencing on the ward boundary at the south side of the Weigh Bridge at the eastern end of Westbourne Terrace Road, and proceeding thence to and along the southern side of the Grand Junction Canal to the Harrow Road Bridge, thence along the middle of Harrow Road to the borough boundary in Edgware Road.

Hyde Park, Lancaster Gate East, Lancaster Gate West and West-bourne Wards, and the part of Church Ward which is not included in the North Division.

Bow Central, Bow North, Bow South, Bow West, Bromley North East, Bromley North West and Bromley South West Wards.

Bromley Central, Bromley South East, Poplar Cubitt Town, Poplar East, Poplar Millwall, Poplar North West and Poplar West Wards.

North

South East

South West

Wards numbers one and two, and the part of Ward number three which lies to the north and west of a line running along the middle of Camden Road from a point where that road is intersected by the eastern boundary of the metropolitan borough to the point where that roud crosses the Regent's Canal and thence westward along the middle of that canal to the western boundary of Ward number three.

Wards numbers six and eight, ami the part of Ward number three which is not included in the North Division.

Wards numbers four, five and seven.

1918.

331

Representation of the People, 1918. Ch. 64.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part I. — continued.

PARLIAMENTARY BOROUGHS —

(1) London — continued.

Name of Parliamentary Borough. Contents of Parliamentary Borough. Total Number of Members for Parliamentary Borough. Names of Divisions of Parliamentary Borough. Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Shoreditch - Metropolitan borough of Shoreditch. One -

Southwark - Metropolitan borough of Southwark. Three Central North St. Mary's, St. Paul's and Trinity Wards, and the part of the St. George’s Ward which is not included in the North and South East Divisions. Christchurch, St. Jude's, St. Michael's and St. Saviour Wards, and the part of the St. George's Ward which lies to the north of a line drawn from Tabard Street along the middle of Wickham Place and of the covered stream which passes between the eastern end of Wickham Place and the borough boundary in Staple Street.

South East St. John's and St. Peter's Wards, and the part of St. George's Ward which lies to the south of a Tine drawn along the middle of New Kent Road and Tower Bridge Road.

Stepney Metropolitan borough of Stepney. Three Limehouse - Limehouse North, Limehouse South, Mile End Old Town North East, Mile End Old Town South East and Rat-diffe Wards.

Mile End - Mile End Old Town Centre, Mile End Old Town North, Mile End Old Town South, Mile End Old Town West and Whitechapel East Wards.

Whitechapel and St. George's. Mile End New Town, St. George-in-the-East North, St. George-in-the-East South, Shadwell, Spita 1 fields East, Spitalfields West, Whitechapel Middle, Whitechapel South and Tower Wards.

Stoke Newington. Metropolitan borough of Stoke Newington. Oue i

332

Ch. 64.

Representation of the People Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5. NINTH SCHEDULE — Past I. — continued. PARLIAMENTARY BOROUGHS — continued.

(1) Lomdom — continued.

Name of Parliamentary Borough. Contents of Parliamentary Borough. Total Number of Members for Parliamentary Borough. Names of Divisions of Parliamentary Borough. Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Wandsworth Metropolitan borough of Wandsworth. Five Balham and Tooting. Central Tooting Ward and the part of Balham Ward which is not included in the Clapham Division. Fairfield and Springfield Wards.

Clapham - Clapham North and Clapham South Wards, and the part of Balham Ward which lies to the east and north of a line drawn from the point where the northern boundary of that ward crosses Balham Hill, along the middle of Balham Hill and Balham High Road to a point in that road opposite the middle of Ormeley Road, thence along the middle of Ormeley Road to a point opposite the middle of that road in Cavendish Road, and thence in a southerly direction along the middle of Cavendish Road to the middle of Emmanuel Road, thenee along the middle of Emmanuel Road to the ward boundary near the western end of the last-named road.

Putney Putney and Southfields Wards.

Streatham - The Streatham Ward.

Westminster Metropolitan borough of Westminster. Two Abbey Covent Garden, Great Marlborough, Pall Mall, Regent, St. Anne, St. John, St. Margaret, Strand, and Charing Cross Wards, except the part of Charing Cross Ward which is included in the St. George’s Division.

St. George’s Conduit, Grosvenor, Hamlet of Knightsbridge, Knightsbridge St. George’s and Victoria Wards, and the part of Charing Cross Ward which lies to the south and west of a line drawn from the ward boundary at the centre of Wellington Arch, along the middle of Constitution Hill, the ice along the middle of the road

1918.

333

Representation of the People Act, 1918. Ch. 64.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part I. — continued. PARLIAMENTARY BOROUGHS —

(1) London — continued.

Name of Parliamentary Borough. Contents of Parliamentary Borough. Total Number of Members for Parliamentary Borough. Names of Divisions of Parliamentary Borough. Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Westminster — coni. St. George’s — cont. to the north and east of the Queen Victoria Memorial, thence along the middle of Spur Road to the boundary of St. Margaret Ward.

Woolwich - Metropolitan borough of Woolwich. Two East -West Burrage, Central, Glyndon, St. Margaret’s and St. Nicholas Wards. Dockyard, Eltham, Herbert, River, St. George’s and St. Mary’s Wards.

(2) England, excluding London and Monmouthshire.

1 Accrington - Municipal borough of Accrington and urban districts of Church, Clayton-le-Moors, Oswald-twistle and Rishton. One

Ashton- under-Lyne. Municipal borough of Ashton-under-Lyne and urban district of Hurst. One

Barnsley County borough of Barnsley and urban districts of Ardsley, Darton and Monk Bretton. One

Barrow-in- Furness. County borough of Barrow-in-Furness. One

334 Ch. 64. ^presentation the People Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part I. —

PARLIAMENTARY BOROUGHS — continued.

(2) England, excluding London and Monmouthshire — _____

Name of Parliamentary Borough.

Contents of Parliamentary Borough.

Total Number of Members for Parliamentary Borough.

Names of Divisions of Parliamentary Borough.

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Bath -

Batley and Morley.

Birkenhead -

Birmingham

County borough of Bath. Municipal boroughs of Batley, Morley and Ossett.

County borough of Birkenhead.

County borough of Birmingham.

One

One

Two

Twelve

East -

West

Aston

Deritencl

Argyle, Bebington, Clifton, Egerton and Mersey Wards, together with the part of the borough which lies between the eastern boundary of Argyle, Mersey and Bebington Wards and the centre of the bed of the River Mersey.

Claughton, Cleveland, Grange and Ozton Wards.

Aston Ward and Lozells Ward (except those parts which lie between the southern and south-eastern boundaries thereof and the line next hereinafter described) and the part of each of the All Saints and St. Mary's Wards which lies to the north of the said line.

The line above referred to commences at the south-west corner of Lozells Ward in the middle of Hunter's Road, continues south along the middle of that road, the middle of Farm Street, Burbury Street, Gordon Street, Berners Street, Clifford Street, Guildford Street, Paddington Street, Porchester Street, Summer Lane, Asylum Road, High Street, Phillips Street, Aston Road North, White-house Street, Chester Street and Avenue Road to the middle of the Birmingham and Fazeley Canal, thence in a north-easterly direction along the middle of the Canal to the point where the middle of the Caual intersects the boundary of Aston Ward.

St. Bartholomew’s and St. Martin’s and Deri tend Wards.

1918.

Representation of the People Act, 1918. Ch. 64. 335

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part I. —

PARLIAMENTARY BOROUGHS — continue*.

(2) England, excluding London and Monmouthshire — continued.

Name of Parliamentary Borough.

Contents of Parliamentary Borough.

Total Number of Members for Parliamentary Borough

Names of Divisions of

Parliamentary

Borough.

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Birmingham

— con.

Duddeston -

Edgbaston -Erdington

Handsworth

King’s Norton.

Ladywood -Moseley

Sparkbrook

Duddeston and Nechells Ward, St. Mary’s Ward (except the part thereof included in the Aston Division), and so much of the portion of Aston Ward which is not included in the Aston Division as lies to the west of the London and North Western Railway.

Edgbaston, Harborne and Market Hall Wards.

Erdington North, Erdington South and Washwood Heath Wards, and the part of Aston Ward which is not included in the Aston and the Duddeston Divisions.

Handsworth, Sandwell and Soho Wards.

Northfield and Selly Oak Wards and the part of King’s Norton Ward which is not included in the Moseley Division.

Ladywood and Rotton Park Wards.

(a) Acocks Green and Sparkhill Wards;

(b) The parts of Balsall Heath and Sparkbrook Wards which are not included in the Sparkbrook Division;

(c) Moseley and King’s Heath

Ward (except the part thereof

included in the Sparkbrook Division); and

(d) The part of King’s Norton

Ward which lies to the north of Bells Lane and to the east and south-east of the middle of Monyhull Hall Road and Brand wood Road.

(a) Balsall Heath and Sparkbrook Wards (except the parts thereof

which lie to the south and east of the line hereinafter described); and

(b) The part of Moseley and King’s Heath Ward which lies to the north of the last-mentioned line.

The line referred to in paragraphs (a) and (b) above in a line eom-

336

Ch. 64.

Representation of the People Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part I. — continued.

PARLIAMENTARY BOROUGHS —

(2) England, exploding Low don and Momcopth8HI»e — continued.

Name of Parliamentary Borough. Contents of Parliamentary Borough. Total Number of Members for Parliamentary Borough Names of Divisions of Parliamentary Borough. Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Birmingham — cont. Sparkbrook — cont. West Birmingham. Yardley - mencing at the point where the boundary between Balsall Heath, and Moseley and King's Heath Wards intersects the middle of Moseley Road, thence proceeding along the middle of that road to Brighton Road, along the middle of Brighton Road, Kingswood Road, Newport Road, Church Road, Woodstock Road, and Anderton Park Road to Stoney Lane, thence along the middle of Stoney Lane to the middle of Stratford Road, thence along the middle of that road, the middle of Walford Road and Golden Hillock Road to the middle of the Birmingham and Warwick Canal, thence southerly along the middle of that canal to the middle of the Great Western Railway, thence along the middle of that railway to its intersection with the southern boundary of Sparkbrook Ward. St. Paul’s Ward, All Saints Ward (except the part thereof included in the Aston Division) and the part of Lozells Ward which is not included in the Aston Division. Saltley, Small Heath and Yardley Wards.

Blackburn - County borough of Blackburn. Two —

Blackpool - County borough of Blackpool, urban districts of Bispham with Nor-breck, Ly-tham and St. Anne's-on-the-Sea, and the part of the civil parish of One

1918. Representation of the People Act, 1918. Ch. 64. 337

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part I. — continued.

PARLIAMENTARY BOROUGHS —

(2) England, excluding London and Monmouthshire — continued.

Name of Parliamentary Borough. Contents of Parliamentary Borough. Total Number of Members for Parliamentary Borough. Names of Divisions of Parliamentary Borough. Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Blackpool — cont. Carleton which in pursuance of the Blackpool Improve* ment Act, 1917, becomes part of the county borough of Blackpool on 1st April, 1918.

Bolton County borough of Bolton. Two

Bootle County borough of Bootle. One

Bournemouth County borough of Bournemouth. One

Bradford County borough of Bradford. Four Central East -North South East, Exchange, Manningham, North, South and West Wards. Bradford Moor, East Bowling, Tong and West Bowling Wards. Allerton, Bolton, Eccleshill, Heaton, Idle and Thornton Wards. Great Horton, Lister Hills, Little Horton, North Bierley East and North Bierley West Wards.

Brighton County borough of Brighton and municipal borough of Hove. Two

Bristol County borough of Bristol. Five Central Central East, Central West, Red-cliff, St. Augustine, St. James, St. Paul, and St. Philip and Jacob South Wards.

338

Ch. 64.

Representation of the People Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part I. — continued. PARLIAMENTARY BOROUGHS — continued. (2) England, excluding London and Monmouthshire — c

Name of Parliamentary Borough. Contents of Parliamentary Borough. Total Number ol Members for Parliamentary Borough. f Names of Divisions of Parliamentary Borough. Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Bristol — cont. East - St. George East and St. George West Wards; the part of Easton Ward which is bounded on the north by a line commencing at the junction of Stapleton Road with the road leading to the Stapleton Road Railway Station and proceeding along the middle of the last-mentioned road to the backs of the houses in Berwick Road and Henrietta Street, thence along the said backs of houses to St. Mark's Avenue, along the middle of St. Mark’s Avenue and Bellevue Road to the southern end thereof, thence in a straight line to the middle of King Street, along the middle of King Street and Chelsea Park to the eastern boundary of the ward; and the part of Somerset Ward which is bounded on the west by a line commencing in the River Avon at the north-west corner of the Castle Rope Works and proceeding along the western boundary of those works and the eastern boundary of Redcliff Cemetery to Bath Road, thence along the middle of Bath Road to the north-eastern comer of the Roman Catholic Cemetery, thence along the eastern and southern boundaries of that cemetery, thence in a southerly direction along the western boundary of the enclosure which adjoins the east side of Arno’s Vale Cemetery, thence in an easterly direction along the southern boundary of the last-mentioned enclosure for a distance of 200 feet, thence in a south-easterly direction in a straight line to the junction of Kensington Park Road and Lodway Road, and thence along the middle of Lodway Road to the city boundary in Talbot Road.

North District, St. Philip and Jacob North, and Stapleton Wards, and the part of

1918. Representation of the People, 1918. Ch. 64. 339

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part I. — continued.

PARLIAMENTARY BOROUGHS-e<mtirm*.

(2) England, excluding London and Monmouthshire — continued.

Name of Parliamentary Borough. Contents of Parliamentary Borough. Total Number of Members for Parliamentary Borough. Names of Divisions of Parliamentary Borough. Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Bristol — cont. Bromley Municipal One North — cont. South West Easton Ward which is not included in the East Division. Bedminster East, Bedminster West, and Southville Wards, and the part of Somerset Ward which is not included in the East Division. Clifton North, Clifton South, Hor-field, Red land, St. Michael and Westbury on Trym Wards.

Burnley borough of Bromley and urban districts of Beckenham and Penge. County One

Bury - borough of Burnley. County One

Cambridge - borough of Bury and urban district of Tottington. Municipal One

Carlisle borough of Cambridge. County One

Cheltenham - borough of Carlisle. Municipal One

Coventry borough of Cheltenham and urban district of Charlton Kings. County One

Croydon borough of Coventry. County Two North North, South Norwood and Upper

borough of Croydon. South Norwood Wards. Central, East, South and West Wards.

340 Ch. 64. Representation of the People Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part I. —

PARLIAMENTARY BOROUGHS — continued.

(2) England, excluding London and Monmouthshire — continued.

Name of Parliamentary Borough. Contents of Parliamentary Borough. Total Number of Members for Parliamentary Borough. Names of Divisions of Parliamentary Borough. Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Darlington - County borough of Darlington. One -

Derby - County borough of Derby. Two

Dewsbury - County borough of Dewsbury. One

Dudley County Borough of Dudley and civil parish of Dudley Castle Hill. One

Ealing Municipal borough of Ealing. One

East Ham - County borough of East Ham. Two North South Manor Park, Plashet East and Plashet West Wards. Beckton and North Woolwich, Central East and Centra) West Wards.

Eccles Municipal borough of Eccles and urban district of Swinton and Pendlebury. One

Edmonton - Urban district of Edmonton. One

Exeter County borough of Exeter, including Exeter Castle Yard and Devon County Prison and Constabulary Barracks. One

Gateshead - County borough of Gateshead. One

1918. Be presentation of the People Act, 1918. Ch. 64.

NINTH SCHEDULE-PART I. —

PARLIAMENTARY BOROUGHS —

(2) England, excluding London and Monmouthshire — continued.

341

Name of Parliamentary Borough.

Contents of Parliamentary Borough.

Total Number of Members for Parliamentary Borough.

Names of Divisions of Parliamentary Borough.

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

County borough of Gloucester.

County borough of Great Yarmouth.

County borough of Grimsby and urban district of Cleethorpes.

County borough of Halifax.

County borough of West Hartlepool and municipal borough of Hartlepool.

County borough of Hastings.

Municipal borough of Hornsey.

County borough of Huddersfield.

Municipal boroughs of Hythe and Folkestone, the urban district of Cheriton and so much of the urban district of Sandgate as is not comprised in the municipal borough of Folkestone.

Urban district of Ilford.

County borough of Ipswich.

Gloucester -

Great Yarmouth.

Grimsby

Halifax

The Hartle-pools.

Hastings

Hornsey

Huddersfield

Hythe

Ilford -Ipswich

One

One

One

One

One

One

One

One

One

One

One

A a

342

Ch. 64. Representation of the People, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part

PARLIAMENTARY BOROUGHS —

(2) England, excluding London and Monmouthshire —

Name of Parliamentary Borough.

Contents of Parliamentary Borough.

Total Number of Members for Parliamentary Borough.

Names of Divisions of Parliamentary Borough.

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Kingston-

upon-Hull.

County borough of Kingston-upon-Hull.

Four

Kingaton-

upon-

Thames.

Municipal borough of Kingston-upon-

Thames and urban districts of Surbiton, and The Maidens and Coombe.

One

Central East

North West South West

Beverley, East Central, My ton, Paragon, West Central and White-friars Wards.

Alexandra, Drypool and South-coates Wards.

Albert, Botanic, Newland and Park Wards.

Coitman, North Newington and South Newington Wards.

Leeds -

County borough of Leeds.

Six

Central

Central, Mill Hill, South and West Wards; the part of Brunswick Ward which lies to the south of that part of the boundary of the ancient township of Leeds which lies between the ward boundaries in Buslingthorpe Lane and Chapeltown Road, the part of Headingley Ward which lies to the east and south of a 'line commencing at the ward boundary where the North Eastern Railway Company's Leeds Northern Line crosses the middle of the river Aire and drawn along the middle of that railway to the footbridge over the same at a point to the east of the bandstand in Burley Recreation Ground, thence in a straight line to the middle of the western end of Alexandra Road, thence along the middle of Alexandra Road to Hyde Park Road, thence in a southerly direction along the middle of Hyde Park Road to the ward boundary at the junction of that road with Woods-Road; and the part of North

1918.

343

Representation of the People, 1918. Ch. 64.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part I. — continued.

PARLIAMENTARY BOROUGHS — continued.

(2) England, exoluding London and Monmouthshire — continued.

Name of Parliamentary Borough. Contents of Parliamentary Borough. Total Number of Members for Parliamentary Borough. Names of Divisions of Parliamentary Borough. Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Leeds — coni. Central — contd. North West Ward which lies to the east and south of a line commencing at the ward boundary at the junction of Hyde Park Road and the back road nearly opposite Hyde Park Terrace and drawn along the middle of the said back road to Woodhouse Lane, thence along the middle of Wood-house Lane, St. Mark’s Street, St. Mark’s Road and New Camp Road to the ward boundary at the junction of the last-named road, Servia Road and Servia Terrace. The parts of Brunswick, Headingley and North-West Wards which are not included in the Central Division, and the part of North Ward which is not included in the North-East Division.

North-East Roundhay, Seacroft, Shadwell and Crossgates Ward; the part of North Ward which lies to the east and south of a line commencing at a point in the ward boundary in Harrogate Road opposite the western corner of the Old Church Grave Yard and drawn to and along the western, southern and eastern walls of that graveyard to a point immediately opposite the south-eastern corner of the Old Church, thence proceeding in a straight line to the middle of the roadway at the head of the lake in Gledhow Park, thence along the middle of the Gledhow Beck to a point near Tan House Well where the beck is joined by a stream which passes near the western side of Allerton Grange, thence in a straight line to a point in the eastern boundary of North Ward where that boundary coming south from Oxley Hill changes direction eastward near Donisthorpe House; and the part of North-East Ward which is not included in the South-East Division.

At 2

344 Ch. 64. Representation of the People Act, 1918. 7 8 Geo. 5.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part I. — continued.

PARLIAMENTARY BOROUGHS —

(2) England, excluding London and Monmouthshire —

Name of Parliamentary Borough.

Contents of Parliamentary Borough.

Total Number of Members for Parliamentary Borough.

Names of Divisions of Parliamentary Borough.

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Leeds — coni.

Leicester

Leigh -

Leyton

County borough of Leicester.

Municipal borough of Leigh and urban districts of Atherton and Tyldes-ley - with -Shakerley.

Urban District oi Leyton.

Three

One

Two

South

South-East

West

East South

West

East -West

Holbeck and West Hunslet Wards, and the part of New Wortley Ward which lies to the south and east of a line commencing at the ward boundary where the footpath leading from Gelderd Road to the Upper and Lower Wortley Cemetery crosses the Great Northern Railway Company's West Yorks Railway and drawn along the middle of that railway to the boundary between the New Wortley and Holbeck Wards north-east of Holbeck Railway Station.

East and East Hunslet Wards and the part of North-East Ward which lies to the west of Accommodation Road from the ward boundary in Bur-mantofts Street to the ward boundary in York Road.

Armley and Wortley and Bramley Wards, and the part of New Wortley Ward’which is not included in the South Division.

Belgrave, Latimer, Spinney Hill and West Humberston Wards.

Aylestone, Castle, Charnwood, De Montfort, Knighton, Martin's and Wycliffe Wards.

Abbey, Newton, St. Margaret’s, Westcotes and Wyggeston Wards.

Cann Hall, Grove Green, Harrow Green, Leytonstone, and Wanstead Slip Wards.

Centra], Forest, Lea Bridge and Leyton Wards.

1918.

345

Representation of (he People Act, 1918. Ch. 64.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part I. — continued.

PARLIAMENTARY BOROUGHS —

(2) England, excluding London and Monmouthshibb — continued.

Name of Parliamentary Borough. Contents of Parliamentary Borough. Total Number of Members for Parliamentary Borough. Names of Divisions of Parliamentary Borough. Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Lincoln County borough of Lincoln and urban district of Bracebridge. One

Liverpool County borough of Liverpool. Eleven East Toxteth. Edge Hill - Everton Exchange - Aigburth, Granby, Sefton Park East and Sefton Park West Wards. Edge Hill and Low Hill Wards, and the part of Kensington Ward which lies to the south and west of a line drawn from the western boundary of the ward along the middle of the road called Kensington to its junction with Holt Road, thence in a southerly direction along the middle of Holt Road to its junction with Edge Lane, and thence in an easterly direction along the middle of Edge Lane to the eastern boundary of the ward. Everton and Netherfield Wards. Abercromby, Castle Street, Exchange, Great George, St. Anne’s and St. Peter’s Wards, and the part of Vauxhall Ward which lies south of a line drawn from a point in the centre of the River Mersey to the south side of the Prince’s Half-Tide Dock, thence in a southerly direction along the Liverpool Overhead Railway to the middle of Denison Street, thence along the middle of Denison Street to its junction with Great Howard Street, thence in a southerly direction along the middle of Great Howard Street and Old Hall Street to the junction of the latter with Old Leeds Street, thence along the middle of Old Leeds Street crossing the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway to a point in Pall Mall opposite the middle of Leeds Street, thence in an easterly direction along the middle of Leeds Street to its junction with Vauxhall Road, thence in a southerly direction along the middle of Vauxhall Road to its junction with Midghall

346

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Ch. 64. Representation of the People, 1918.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part I. — continued.

PARLIAMENTARY BOROUGHS — continued.

(2) England, excluding London and Monmouthshire — continued.

Name of Parliamentary Borough.

Contents of Parliamentary Borough.

Total Number of Members for Parliamentary Borough.

Names of Divisions of Parliamentary Borough.

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Liverpool — cont.

Manchester

Comity borough of Manchester.

Ten

Exchange — cont.

Fairfield

Kirkdale -Scotland -

Walton Wavertree -

West Derby

West Toxteth. Ardwick -

Blackley -

Clayton

Exchange -

Gorton Hulme Moss Side -Platting

Rusholme -Withington

Street, thence along the middle of Midghall Street to the ward boundary in Marybone.

Fairfield and Old Swan Wards and the part of Kensington Ward which is not included in the Edge Hill Division.

Kirkdale and St. Domingo Wards.

North Scotland, Sandhills and South Scotland Wards, and the part of Vauxhall Ward which is not included in the Exchange Division.

Fazakerley, Walton and Warbreck Wards.

Allerton Childwall and Little Wool-ton, Garston, Much Woolton, Waver-tree and Wavertree West Wards.

Anfield, Breckfield and West Derby

Wards.

Brunswick, Dingle and Prince’s Park Wards.

Ardwick, New Cross and St. Mark's Wards.

Blackley, Crumpsall and Moston Wards.

Beswick, Bradford and Newton Heath Wards.

Cheetham, Collegiate Church, Exchange, Oxford, St. Ann’s, St. Clement’s and St. John’s W’ards, and the part of St. Michael’s Ward which lies to the north-west of a line drawn along the middle of Rochdale Road.

Gorton North, Gorton South and Openshaw Wards.

Medlock Street, Moss Side West and St. George’s Wards.

All Saints, Moss Side East and St. Luke’s Wards.

Collyhurst, Harpurhey and Miles Platting Wards, and the part of St. Michael’s Ward which is not included in the Exchange Division.

Levenshulme, Longsight and Rus-holme Wards.

Chorlton-cum-Hardy, Didsbury and Withington Wards,

1918. Representation of the People Act, 1918. Ch. 64. 347

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part I. — continued.

PARLIAMENTARY BOROUGHS —

(2) England, excluding London and Monmouthshire — continued.

Name of Parliamentary Borough. Contents of Parliamentary Borough. Total Number of Members for Parliamentary Borough. Names of Divisions of Parliamentary Borough. Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Middlesbrough. County borough of Middlesbrough. Two East -West Exchange, Grove Hill, Ormesby, St. Hilda's and Vulcan Wards. Acklam, Ayrsome, Cannon, Cleveland, Linthorpe and Newport Wards.

Morpeth Municipal borough of Morpeth, urban districts of Ashington, Bedlingtonshire and Blyth, and civil parishes of Hepacott, Morpeth Castle, New-minster and Tran well. One

Nelson and Colne. Municipal boroughs of Colne and Nelson, urban districts of Barrowford, Brierfield and Traw-den, and the detached part of the civil parish of Foul-ridge which is bounded on the north, west, and south by the municipal borough of Colne. One

348 Ch. 64. Representation of the People Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part I — continued.

PARLIAMENTARY BOROUGHS —

(2) England, excluding London and Monmouthshire — continued.

Name of Parliamentary Borough. Contents of Parliamentary Borough. Total Number of Members for Parliamentary Borough. Names of Divisions of Parliamentary Borough. Contents nr Boundaries of Divisions.

Newcastle-under-Lyme. Municipal borough of Newcastle-under-Lyme and urban districts of Audley and Wolstanton United. One

Newcastle-upon-Tyne. County borough of Newcastle-upon-Tyne. Four Central East -North est All Saints, St. John's, St. Nicholas, Stephenson and Westgate Wards. Byker, St. Anthony's, St. Lawrence and Walker Wards. Dene, Heaton, Jesmond, St. Andrew’s and St. Thomas Wards. Armstrong, Arthur's Hill, Benwell, Els wick and Fenham Wards.

Northampton County borough of Northampton. One

Norwich County borough of Norwich. Two

Nottingham - County borough of Nottingham. Four Central East -South West Forest, Market, Robin Hood, St. Ann's and Sherwood Wards. Byron, Manvers, Mapperley and St. Mary's Wards. Bridge, Castle, Meadows and Trent Wards. Broxtowe, St. Albans and Wollaton Wards.

Oldham County borough of Oldham. Two —

Oxford County borough of Oxford. One

Plymouth - County borough of Plymouth. Three Drake Devonport -Sutton Drake's, Mount Edgcumbe, Mutley, Pennycross, St. Peter's, Stoke and Valletort Wards. Ford, Keyham, Molesworth, Nelson, St. Aubyn and St. Budeaux Wards. Charles, Compton, Friary, Laira, St. Andrew’s, Sutton and Vintry Wards.

1918.

349

Representation of the People Act, 1918. Ch. 64.

NINTH SCHEDULE — PART I. — PARLIAMENTARY BOROUGHS —

(2) England, excluding London and Monmouthshire —

Name of Parliamentary Borough. Contents of Parliamentary Borough. Total Number of Members for Parliamentary Borough. Names of Divisions of Parliamentary Borough. Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Portsmouth - County borough of Portsmouth. Three Central North South Buckland, Fratton, Kingston, St. Mary and Town Hall Wards. Charles Dickens, Mile End, North End and Portsea Wards. Havelock, Highland, St. Paul, St. Simon and St. Thomas Wards.

Preston County borough of Preston and urban district of Fulwood. Two

Reading County borough of Reading. One

Richmond - Municipal . borough of Richmond and urban districts of Barnes and Ham. One

Rochdale County borough of Rochdale. One

Rochester - Municipal boroughs of Chatham, Gillingham and Rochester. Two Gillingham Chatham - Municipal borough of Gillingham, St. Mary Ward of the borough of Chatham, and the part of the municipal borough of Rochester which is not included in the Chatham Division. Municipal borough of Rochester (except the part of St. Peter’s Ward which lies to the north and east of a line drawn, in prolongation of that part of the borough boundary which lies between St. Bartholomew’s Chapel and Boundary Wharf, to the borough boundary in the River Medway), and Luton and St. John Wards of the municipal borough of Chatham.

Rossendale - Municipal boroughs of Bacup, Has-lingden and Rawtenstall. One

350

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Ch. 64. Representation of the People Act, 1918.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part

PARLIAMENTARY BOROUGHS —

(2) Enclasp, exploding London and Monuodthshire — continued.

Name of Parliamentary Borough. Contents of Parliamentary Borough. Total Number of Members for Parliamentary Borough. Names of Divisions of Parliamentary Borough. Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Rotherham - County borough of Rotherham, and urban districts of Greasbrough and Raw-marsh. One

St. Helen's - County borough of St. Helen's. One -

Salford County borough of Salford. Three North South West - Albert Park, Charlestown, Grosvenor, Kersal and St. Matthias Wards. Crescent, Islington, Ordsall, Regent, Trafford, Trinity and Weaste Wards. Hope, St. Paul, St. Thomas and Seedley Wards.

Sheffield County borough of Sheffield. Seven Attercliffe -Brightside -Central Ecclesall - Attercliffe and Darnall Wards. Brightside and Burngreave Wards. St. Peter’s and St. Philip’s Wards, and the part of Broomhall Ward which lies to the east of a line drawn along the middle of Broomhall Street from the poiDt where that street intersects the northern boundary of the ward to the point opposite the middle of Hanover Street, thence along the middle of Hanover Street to the southern boundary of the ward. Ecclesall and Sharrow W'ards.

Hallam Hillsborough Crookesmoor and Hallam Wards, and the part of Broomhall Ward which is not included in the Central Division. Hillsborough, Neepsend and Walk-ley Wards.

Park - Heeley and Park Wards.

Smethwick - County borough of Smethwick. One -

1918.

351

Representation of the People Act, 1918. Ch. 64.

NINTH SCHEDULE — PART

PARLIAMENTARY BOROUGHS —

(2) England, excluding London and Monmouthshire — continued.

Name of Parliamentary Borough. Contents of Parliamentary Borough. Total Number of Members for Parliamentary Borough. Names of Divisions of Parliamentary Borough. Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Southampton County borough of Southampton, urban district of Itchen, and civil parish of Bitterne. Two *

Southend-on- Sea. County borough of Southend-on-Sea. One

Southport - County borough of Southport. One

South Shields County borough of South Shields. One ~

Stockport - County borough of Stockport. Two

Stockton-on- Tees. Municipal boroughs of Stockton-on-Tees and Thornaby-on-Tees. One

Stoke-on- Trent. County borough of Stoke-on-Trent. Three 1 Burslem Hanley Stoke 1 Numbers one, two, three, four, five, six, seven and eight Wards. Numbers nine, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen and sixteen Wards. Numbers seventeen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty, twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-three, twenty-four, twenty-five and twenty-six Wards.

Sunderland County borough of Sunderland and urban district of Southwick-on-Wear, Two

352

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Ch. 64. Representation of the People, 1918.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part I. — continued.

PARLIAMENTARY BOROUGHS —

(2) England, excluding London and Monmouthshire — continued.

Name of Parliamentary Borough. Contents of Parliamentary Borough. Total Number of Members for Parliamentary Borough. Names of Divisions of Parliamentary Borough. Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Tottenham - Urban district of Tottenham. Two North South Lower, Middle and West Green Wards. Harriugay, High Cross and St, Ann’s Wards.

Tynemouth - County borough of Tynemouth. One

Wakefield - County borough of Wakefield. One -

Wallasey County borough of Wallasey. One -

Wallsend Municipal borough of Wallsend and urban districts of Gosforth, Longbenton and Weets-lade. One

Walsall County borough of W alsall. One

Walthamstow Urban district of Walthamstow. Two East -West Hale End, Hoe Street and Wood Street Wards. Higham Hill, High Street and St. James Street Wards.

Warrington - County borough of Warrington. One -

Wednesbury Municipal borough of Wednesbury, and urban districts of Darlaston and Tipton. One

West Bromwich. County borough of West Brom-| wioh. One

1918. Representation of the People Act, 1918. Ch. 64.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part I. — continued.

PARLIAMENTARY BOROUGHS — continued.

(2) England, excluding London and Monmouthshire — continued.

353

Name of Parliamentary Borough.

Contents of Parliamentary Borough.

Total Number of Members for Parliamentary Borough.

Names of Divisions of Parliamentary Borough.

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

West Ham -

Wigan Wil leaden

Wimbledon -

Wolverhamp-

ton.

County borough of West Ham.

County borough of Wigan.

Urban district of Willesden.

Municipal borough of Wimbledon, and urban district of Merton and Morden.

County borough of Wolverhampton, and urban districts of Bilston, Coseley, Heath Town Wednesfield Heath, Sedgley, Short Heath, Wednesfield and Willenhall.

or

Four

Plaistow

Silvertown

One

Two

East -

West

One

Three

Bilston East -

West

Hudsons and Plaistow Wards, and the part of Canning Town Ward which is not included in the Silver-town Division.

Custom House and Silvertown, and Tidal Basin Wards, and the part of Canning Town Ward which lies to the south and east of a line drawn from the ward boundary in Hermit Road along the middle of Star Lane to the middle of the Woolwich Branch of the Great Eastern Railway, thence southwards along the middle of that railway to the ward boundary in Barking Road.

Broadway, Forest Gate, High Street and New Town Wards.

Park, Upton and West Ham Wards.

Brondesbury Park, Cricklewood, Kensal Rise, Mid Kilburn, North Kilburn and South Kilburn Wards.

Church End, Harlesden, Round-wood, Stonebridge and Willesden Green Wards.

Urban districts of Bilston, Coseley and Sedgley.

St. James's, St. Mary's, and St. Peter’s Wards of the county borough of Wolverhampton, and urban districts of Heath Town or Wednesfield Heath, Short Heath, Wednesfield and Willenhall.

Blakenhall, Dunstall, Graiseley, Merridale, Park, St. George’s, St. John’s, St. Mark’s and St. Matthew’s Wards of the county borough of Wolverhampton.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

354 Ch. 64. Representation of the People, 1018.

NINTH SCHEDULE-Part I. —

PARLIAMENTARY BOROUGHS —

(2) England, excluding London and Monmouthshire — continued.

Name of Parliamentary Borough. Contents of Parliamentary Borough. Total Number of Members for Parliamentary Borough. Names of Divisions of Parliamentary Borough. Contents or Boundaries of Divisions

Worcoater - County borough of Worcester. One —

York - County borough of York (with York Castle). One

(3) Wales and Monmouthshire.

Cardiff County Three Central Canton, Cathays, Central and River-

borough of side Wards of county borough of

Cardiff, and Cardiff.

urban dis- East - Park, Roath and Splott Wards of

trict of county borough of Cardiff.

Penarth. South Adamsdowu, Grangetown and South Wards of county borough of Cardiff

and urban district of Penarth.

Carnarvon Municipal One -

District of boroughs of

Boroughs. Bangor, Carnarvon, Conway and Pwllheli,

urban districts of Criccieth, Llandudno, Llanfair-fechan and Penmaen-raawr, and

civil parish of Nevin.

Merthyr Tyd- County Two Aberdare - Urban districts of Aberdare and

fil. ' borough of Merthyr Tydfil, and urban districts of Aberdare and Mountain Ash. Merthyr Mountain Ash. County borough of Merthyr Tydfil.

1918. Representation of the People Act, 1918. Ch. 64. 355

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part I. — continued.

PARLIAMENTARY BOROUGHS —

(3) Wales and Monmouthshire — continued.

Name of Parliamentary Borough. Contents of Parliamentary Borough. Total Number of Members for Parliamentary Borough. Names of Divisions of Parliamentary Borough. Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Newport County borough of Newport. One -

Iihondda Urban district of Rhondda. Two East -West Numbers seven, eight, nine and ten Wards, and the part of number six Ward which is not included in the West Division. Numbers one, two, three, four and five Wards, and the part of number six Ward which lies to the west of the middle of the River Rhondda and is known as Tonypandy.

Swansea County borough of Swansea. Two East West East, Landore, Morriston and St. John’s Wards. Alexandra, Bryn Melyn, Castle, Ffynone, St. Helen’s and Victoria Wards.

(4) Boroughs in Scotland.

Aberdeen County of the City of Aberdeen. Two North South Greyfriars, St. Andrew, St. Clement, St. Machar, Torry and Woodside Municipal Wards. Ferryhill, Rosemount, Rubislaw, Ruthrieston and St. Nicholas Municipal Wards.

Ayr District of Burghs. Burghs of Ayr, Ardros-san, Irvine, Prestwick, Saltcoats, and Troon. One

Dumbarton District of Burghs. Burghs of Dumbarton and Clydebank. One

Dundee County of the City of | Dundee. Two

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

356 Ch. 64. Representation of the People Act, 1918.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part I. — continued.

PARLIAMENTARY BOROUGHS —

Name of Parliamentary Borough.

(4) Boroughs in Scotland — continued.

Contents of Total Number of Names of

Parliamentary Members Divisions of

for Parlia- Parliamentary

Borough. mentary Borough. Borough.

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Dunfermline District of Burghs.

Burghs of Dunfermline, Cowdenbeath, Inverkeithing, and Lochgelly.

One

Edinburgh

County of the City of Edinburgh and Burgh of Musselburgh.

Five

Central

East

North

South

West

George Square, St. Giles’ and St. Leonard’s Municipal Wards of Edinburgh.

Burgh of Musselburgh and Canon-gate and Portobello Municipal Wards of Edinburgh.

Broughton, Calton, St. Andrew’s and St. Stephen’s Municipal Wards of Edinburgh.

Merchiston, Morningside, and Newington Municipal Wards of Edinburgh.

Dairy, Gorgie, Haymarket and St. Bernard’s Municipal Wards of Edinburgh.

Glasgow

County of the City of Glasgow.

Fifteen

Bridgeton -

That portion of the city which is bounded by a line commencing at a point on the centre line of London Road, where the road is crossed by the Caledonian Railway (Glasgow Lines), thence south-westward and southward along the centre line of the said railway to where it joins the Caledonian Railway Branch Line from Dalmarnock to Rutherglen, thence southward along the centre line of the said last-mentioned railway to a point on the municipal boundary at the centre line of the River Clyde, thence south-westward and north-westward along the municipal boundary of the city to a point on the centre line of the River Clyde about 77 yards south-eastward from the centre of Rutherglen Bridge, thence westward, northward and westward along the centre line of

1918.

357

Representation of the People Act, 1918. Ch. 64.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part L — continued.

PARLIAMENTARY BOROUGHS —

(4) Borouqh3 in Scotland — continued.

Name of Parliamentary Borough. Content* of Parliamentary Borough. Total Number of Members for Parliamentary Borough. Names of Divisions of Parliamentary Borough. Content* or Boundaries of Division*.

Glasgow — continued. Bridgeton — continued. the River Clyde to the centre of Albert Bridge thence northward along the centre line of Saltmarket to the centre line of Gallowgate, thence eastward along the centre line of Gallowgate to the centre line of Abercromby Street, thence south* westward along the centre line of Abercromby Street to the centre line of Canning Street, thence eastward along the centre line of Canning Street and London Road to the point of commencement.

1 Camlachie That portion of the city which is bounded by a line commencing at a point on the municipal boundary on the south-east side of Cumbernauld Road where that road is intersected by the east side of the Caledonian Railway (Glasgow Lines), thence southward along the municipal boundary to a point about 299 yards north-westward from the centre of Carntyne Road, where the municipal boundary intersects that road, thence north-westward to a point on the centre line of the said railway 380 yards south of the centre line of Cumbernauld Road, thence south-westward and southward along the centre line of the said railway to the centre line of London Road, thence westward along the centre line of London Road and Canning Street to the centre line of Abercromby Street, thence north-eastward along the centre line of Abercromby Street to the centre line of Gallowgate, thence westward along the centre line of Gallowgate to the centre line of Sydney Street, thence northward along the centre line of Sydney Street to the centre line of Duke Street, thence eastward along the centre line of DoVe Street to the

B b

358

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Ch. 64. Representation of the People, 1918.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part I. — continued.

PARLIAMENTARY BOROUGHS —

(4) Boroughs in Scotland — continued.

Name of Parliamentary Borough. Contents of Parliamentary Borough. Total Number of Members for Parliamentary Borough. Names of Divisions of Parliamentary Borough. Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Glasgow — continued. Caralachie — continued. centre line of Ark Lane, thence northward along the centre line of Ark Lane and Firpark Street to the centre line of Alexandra Parade, thence eastward and north-eastward along the centre line of Alexandra Parade, and Cumbernauld Road to the east side of the Caledonian Railway (Glasgow Lines), thence southward to the point of commencement.

Cathcart - That portion of the city which is bounded by a line commencing at a point on the municipal boundary at the centre of Kilmarnock Road, t hence northward along the centre line of Kilmarnock Road to the centre line of the River Cart, thence south-eastward and eastward along the centre line of the River Cart to the centre line of Langside Road at Millbrae Bridge, thence north-eastward along the centre line of Langside Road, Millbrae Road and Langside Road, to the centre line of the main avenue in the Queen’s Park near Victoria Infirmary, thence northward along the centre line of the said main avenue to the centre line of Queen's Drive, thence northward along the centre line of Victoria Road to the centre line of the Glasgow and South Westeru Railway about 46 yards north of the centre line of Butterbiggins Road, thence north-eastward along the centre line of the said Glasgow and South Western Railway to the centre line of the Caledonian Railway Main Line from Glasgow to Rutherglen, thence south-eastward along the centre line of the said Caledonian Railway to the municipal boundary, thence south-westward and westward along the municipal boundary to the point of commencement.

1918. Representation of the People Act, 1918. Ch. 64. 359

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part

PARLIAMENTARY BOROUGHS —

__________ (4) Boroughs in Scotland — continued.__________

Name of Parliamentary Borough. Contents of Parliamentary Borough. Total Number of Members for Parliamentary Borough. Names of Divisions of Parliamentary Borough. Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Glasgow — continued• ^Central That portion of the city which is bounded by a line commencing at a point at the intersection of the centre lines of Parliamentary Road and Castle Street, thence southward along the centre line of Castle Street to the centre line of Alexandra Parade, thence eastward along the centre line of Alexandra Parade to the centre line of Firpark Street, thence southward along the centre line of Firpark Street and Ark Lane to the centre line of Duke Street, thence westward along the centre line of Duke Street to the centre line of Sydney Street, thence southward along the centre line of Sydney Street to the centre line of Gallowgate, thence westward along the centre line of Gallowgate to the centre line of Saltraarket, thence southward along the centre line of Saltmarket and Albert Bridge to the centre line of the River Clyde, thence westward along the centre line of the River Clyde to a point in line with the centre line of Me Alpine Street, thence northward along the centre line of McAlpine Street, Pitt Street and Scott Street to the centre line of New City Road, thence south-eastward along the centre line of New City Road and Cowcad-dens to the centre line of Buchanan Street, thence southward along the centre line of Buchanan Street to the centre line of Parliamentary Road, thence north-eastward along the centre line of Parliamentary Road to the point of commencement.

• Gorbals That portion of the city which is bounded by a line commencing at a point on the municipal boundary at the centre line of the River Clyde about 77 yards east of the centre of Rutherglen Bridge, hence south-westward a ong the municipal boun-

Bb 2

360

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Ch. 64. Representation of the People, 1918.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part I. — continued.

PARLL4MENTARY BOROUGHS —

(4) Borouoh3 in Scotland — continu

Name of Parliamentary Borough. Contents of Parliamentary Borough. Total Number of Members for Parliamentary Borough. Names of Divisions of Parliamentary Borough. Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Glasgow — continued. \ Gorbals — continued. Go van Hillbead - dary to the centre of the Caledonian Railway Main Line fron\ Glasgow to Rutherglen, thence north-westward along the centre line of the said Caledonian Railway to the centre line of the Glasgow and South Western Railway, thence south-westward along the centre line of the said Glasgow and South Western Railway to the centre line of Victoria Road, thence northward along the centre line of Victoria Road, Eglinton Street, Bridge Street and Glasgow Bridge to the centre line of the River Clyde, thence south-eastward along the centre line of the River Clyde to the point of commencement. That portion of the city which is bounded by a line commencing at a point on the municipal boundary at the centre of the River Clyde in line with the continuation of the centre line of Balmoral Street, thence eastward along the centre line of the River Clyde to a point in line with the continuation of the centre line of the portion of Govan Road to the west of Princes Dock, thence southward to and along the centre line of the said portion of Govan Road, Whitefield Road, Church Road and continuation thereof to the ceutre of the Glasgow and Paisley Joint Railway, thence westward along the centre line of the said Glasgow and Paisley Joint Railway to the municipal boundary, thence north - westward, northward, and eastward along the municipal boundary to the point of commencement. That portion of the city which is bounded by a line commencing at a point in the municipal boundary at its intersection with the centre line of the River Kelvin, thence southeastward, southward and south-westward along the centre line of the

1918.

361

Representation of the People Act, 1918. Ch. 64.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part I. — continued. PARLIAMENTARY BOROUGHS — continued. (4) Boroughs ik Scotland — continued.

Name of Parliamentary Borough. Contents of Parliamentary Borough. Total Number of Members for Parliamentary Borough. Names of Divisions of Parliamentary Borough. Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Glasgow — continued. Hillhead — continued. Kelvingrove River Kelvin to the eentre line of the North British Railway (Stobcross Branch), thence uorth-westward along the centre of the said North British Railway to its intersection with the municipal boundary, thence northeastward along the municipal boundary to the point of commencement. That portion of the city which is bounded by a line commencing at a point at the intersection of the centre line of New City Road and Scott Street, thence southward along the centre line of Scott Street, Pitt Street and McAlpine Street and continuation thereof to the centre line of the River Clyde, thence westward along the centre line of the River Clyde to its intersection with the centre line of the River Kelvin, thence north-eastward along the centre line of the River Kelvin to the centre line of Great Western Road, thence southeastward along the centre line of Great Western Road and New City Road to the point of commencement.

1 Mary hi 11 - That portion of the city which is bounded by a line commencing at a point on the municipal boundary at the centre line of the North British Railway (Edinburgh and Glasgow Line) about 327 yards north of the centre of Hawthorn Street, where the said North British Railway intersects that street, thence south-eastward and southward along the centre of the said North British Railway to the centre line of Keppochhill Road, thence south-westward and westward along the centre line of Keppochhill Road to the centre line of Saracen Street, thence south-westward along the centre line of Possil Road to the centre line of the Forth and Clyde Canal, thence north-westward along

362 Ch. 64. Representation of the People Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part I. — continued.

PARLIAMENTARY BOROUGHS-^ntmwed __________(4) Boroughs in Scotland — continued.__________

Name of Parliamentary Borough. Contents of | Parliamentary Borough. (Total Number of Members for Parliamentary Borough. Names of Divisions of Parliamentary Borough. Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Glasgow — continued. Maryhill — continued. Partick Pollok the centre line of the Forth and Clyde Canal to a point in line with the centre line of Well Road, thence south-westward along the centre line of Well Road to the centre line of New City Road, thence westward along the centre line of Raeberry Street and Carlton Gardens to the centre line of Belmont Street, thence south-westward along the oentre line of Belmont Street to the centre line of the River Kelvin, thence northwestward along the centre line of the River Kelvin to its intersection with the municipal boundary, thence north-eastward and south-eastward along the municipal boundary to the point of commencement. That portion of the city which is bounded by a line commencing at a point on the municipal boundary at the centre line of the North British Railway (Stobcross Branch), thence south-eastward along the centre line of the said North British Railway to the centre line of the River Kelvin, thence south-westward along the centre line of the River Kelvin to the centre line of the River Clyde, thence westward along the centre line of the River Clyde, to the municipal boundary, thence northward and north-eastward along the municipal boundary to the point of commencement. That portion of the city which is bounded by a line commencing at a point on the municipal boundary at the centre line of the Glasgow and Paisley Joint Railway, thence eastward along the centre line of the said Glasgow and Paisley J oint Railway and the Caledonian Railway to the centre line of Shields Road, thence southward along the centre line of Shields Road to the centre line of the Glasgow and South Western Railway (Paisley Canal Line), thence eastward along

1918. Representation of the People Act, 1918. Ch. 64. 363

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part I. — -continued. PARLIAMENTARY BOROUGHS —

(4): 3oroughs in Scotland — continued.

Name of Parliamentary Borough. Contents of Parliamentary Borough. Total Number of Members for Parliamentary Borough. Names of Divisions of Parliamentary Borough. Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Glasgow — continued. Pollok — continued. St. Rollox - the centre line of the said Glasgow and South Western Railway to the centre line of Eglinton Street, thence southward along the centre line of Eglinton Street and Victoria Road to the centre line of Queen’s Drive, thence southward along the centre line of the main avenue in the Queen’s Park to the centre line of Langside Road, thence south-westward along the centre line of Langside Road to the centre line of Mi librae Road, thence south-westward along the centre line of Millbrae Road and Langside Road to the centre line of the River Cart at Millbrae Bridge, thence westward- and north-westward along the centre line of the River Cart to the centre line of Kilmarnock Road, thence southward along the centre line of Kilmarnock Road to the municipal boundary, thence northwestward, south-westward, northward, westward and northward along the municipal boundary to the point of commencement. That portion of the city which is bounded by a line commencing at a point at the intersection of Spring-burn Road and Parliamentary Road, thence south - westward along the centre line of Parliamentary Road to the centre line of Buchanan Street, thence northward along the centre line of Buchanan Street to the centre line of Cowcaddens, thence northwestward along the oentre line of Cowcaddens, New City Road and Great Western Road to the centre line of the River Kelvin, thence northward along the centre line of the River Kelvin to the centre line of Belmont Street, thence north-eastward along the centre line of Belmont Street to the centre line of Carlton Gardens, thence eastward along the centre line of Carlton Gardens and

364 Ch. 64. Representation of the People Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part I. — continued.

PARLIAMENTARY BOROUGHS — continu^. __________(4) Borouqh8 in Scotland — continued.__________

Name of Parliamentary Borough. Contents of Parliamentary Borough. Total Number of Members for Parliamentary Borough. Names of Divisions of Parliamentary Borough. Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Glasgow — continued. St. Rollox — continued. Shettleston Raeberry Street to the centre line of New City Road, thence north-eastward along the centre line of Well Road and continuation thereof to the centre line of the Forth and Clyde Canal, thence south-eastward along the centre line of the Forth and Clyde Canal to the centre line of Fossil Road, thence north-eastward along the centre line of Possil Road to the centre line of Saracen Street, thence eastward and north-eastward along the centre line of Eeppochhill Road to the centre of the North British Railway (Edinburgh and Glasgow Line), thence south - westward along the centre line of the said North British Railway to the centre line of Fountainwell Road, thence south-eastward along the centre line of Fountainwell Road to the centre line of Springburn Road, thence southward along the centre line of Springburn Road to the point of commencement. That portion of the city which is bounded by a line commencing at a point on the municipal boundary about 299 yards north - westward from the centre of Carntyne Road, at a point where the municipal boundary intersects that road, thence eastward, south-eastward and westward along the municipal boundary to the centre of the Caledonian Railway Brauch Line from Ruther-glen to Dalmarnock, thence northward along the centre line of the said railway until it joins the Caledonian Railway (Glasgow Lines), thence northward, north-eastward, northward and north-eastward along the centre line of the last-mentioned railway to a point 380 yards south of the centre line of Cumbernauld Road, thence south-eastward to the point of commencement.

1918. Representation of the People, 1918. Ch. 64. 365

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part I. — continued.

PARLIAMENTARY BOROUGHS —

(4) Boroughs in Scotland — continue.

Name of Parliamentary Borough. Contents of Parliamentary Borough. Total Number of Members for Parliamentary Borough. Names of Divisions of Parliamentary Borough. Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Glasgow — continued. Springburn Tradeston - That portion of the city which is bounded by a line commencing at a point on the municipal boundary on the south-east side of Cumbernauld Road, where that road is intersected by the east side of the Caledonian Railway (Glasgow Lines), thence northward to the centre line of Cumbernauld Road, thence south-westward and westward along the centre line of Cumbernauld Ro&d and Alexandra Parade to the centre line of Castle Street, thence northward along the centre line of Castle Street and Springburn Road to the centre line of Fountainwell Road, thence north-westward along the centre line of Fountainwell Road to the centre line of the North British Railway (Edinburgh and Glasgow Line), thence northward along the centre line of the said North British Railway to a point on the municipal boundary about 327 yards north of the centre of Hawthorn Street, where the said North British Railway intersects that street, thence northward, eastward, southward, eastward, southward, westward, south-eastward and south-westward along the municipal boundary to the point of commencement. That portion of the city which is bounded by a line commencing at a poiut on the centre of Glasgow Bridge at the centre line of the River Clyde, thence southward along the centre line of Glasgow Bridge, Bridge Street and Eglinton Street to the centre line of the Glasgow and South Western Railway at Eglinton Street Station, thence westward along the centre line of the Glasgow and South Western Railway (Paisley Canal Line) to the centre line of Shields Road, thence northwards along the centre line of Shields Road to the centre line of the Caledonian Railway, thence

366

Ch. 64. Representation of the People Act, 1918. 7 8 Geo. 5.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part I. — PARLIAMENTARY BOROUGHS — continued. (4) Boroughs in Scotland — continued.

Name of Parliamentary Borough. Contents of Parliamentary Borough. Total Number of Members for Parliamentary Borough. Names of Divisions of Parliamentary Borough. Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Glasgow — continued. Tradeston — continued. westward along the centre line of the said Caledonian Railway and the Glasgow and Paisley Joint Railway to a point in line with the centre line of Church Road, thence northward along the centre line of Church Road, Whitefield Road, and the portion of Govan Road to the west of Princes Dock and continuation thereof to the centre line of the River Clyde, thence eastward along the centre line of the River Clyde to the point of commencement.

Greenock Burgh of Greenock. One -

Kirkcaldy District of Burghs. Burghs of Kirkcaldy, Buck-haven Methil and Inner-leven, Burntisland, Dysart and R inghorn. One

Leith - Burgh of Leith. One -

Montrose District of Burghs. Burghs of Montrose, Arbroath, Brechin, Forfar and Inverbervie. One

Paisley Burgh of Paisley. One -

Stirling and Falkirk District of Burghs. Burghs of Stirling, Falkirk and Grange- mouth. One

1918.

Representation of the People Act, 1918.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part IL PARLIAMENTARY COUNTIES.

(1) England, excluding) Monmouthshire.

Ch. 64.

367

Name of Parliamentary County. Contents of Parliamentary County. Total Number of Members for Parliamentary County. Names of Divisions of Parliamentary County.

Bedford The administrative county of Bedford. Three Bedford Luton Mid -

Berks - The administrative county of Berks. Three Abingdon -

Newbury -

Windsor -

Bucks - The administrative county of Bucks. Three Aylesbury -

Conteuts or Boundaries o£ Divisions.

The rural districts of Bedford and Eaton Socon, the municipal borough of Bedford, and the urban district of Kempston.

The rural district of Luton, and the municipal boroughs of Dunstable and Luton.

The rural districts of Ampthill, Biggleswade, and Eaton Bray, and the urban districts of Ampthill, Biggleswade, and Leighton Buzzard.

The rural districts of Abingdon, Wallingford, and Wantage, the part of the rural district of Bradfield which consists of the civil parishes of Ashampstead, Basildon, Frilsham, Streatley, and Yattendon, the part of the rural district of Faringdon which is within the administrative county of Berks, the municipal boroughs of Abingdon and Wallingford, and the urban district of Wantage.

The rural districts of Hungerford and Newbury, the part of the rural district of Bradfield which is not included in the Abingdon Division, the part of the rural district of Wokingham which is not included in the Windsor Division, and the municipal boroughs of Newbury and Wokingham.

The rural districts of Cookham, Easthampstead, and Windsor, the part of the rural district of Wokingham which consists of the civil parishes of Remenham, Ruscombe, Twyford, and Wargrave, and the municipal boroughs of Maidenhead and NeW Windsor.

The rural district of Amersham, the part of the rural district of Aylesbury which is not included in the Buckingham Division, the part of the rural district of Long Crendon which consists of the civil parish of Towersey, the part of the rural district of Wycombe which consists of the civil parishes of Bledlow, Bradenham, Ellesborough, Great and

368

Ch. 64. Representation of the People 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part H. — continued.

PARLIAMENTARY COUNTIES —

(1) England, excluding Monmouthshire — continued.

Name of Parliamentary County.

Contents of Parliamentary

County.

Total Number of Members for Parliamentary County.

Bucks — cont.

Cambridge - The administrative county of Cambridge exclusive of the part thereof comprised in the parliamentary borough of Cambridge.

One

Names of Divisions of Parliamentary County.

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Aylesbury — cont.

Buckingham

Wycombe

Little Hampden, Great and Little Kimble, Horsenden, Hughenden, Ilmer, Monks Risborough, Princes Risborough, Raduage, Sannderton, and Wendover, the municipal borough of Aylesbury, and the urban districts of Beacon afield and Chesham.

The rural districts of Buckingham, Newport Pagnell, Stratford and Wolverton, Wing, and Winslow, the part of the rural district of Aylesbury which consists of the civil parishes of Ashendon, Chearsley, Grendon Underwood, Kingswood, Ludgershall, Wood-ham, attd Wotton Underwood, the part of the rural district of Long Crendon which is not included in the Aylesbury Division, the municipal borough of Buckingham, and the urban districts of Bletchley, Newport Pagnell, and Linslade.

The rural districts of Eton and Hambleden, the part of the rural district of Wycombe which is not included in the Aylesbury" Division, the municipal borough of Cbepping Wycombe, and the urban districts of Eton, Marlow, and Slough.

Chester

The administrative county of Chester and the county borough of Chester.

Nine

Altrincham

The part of the rural distinct of Bucklow which is not included in the Knutsford Division, and the urban districts of Altrincham, Ashton-upon-Mersey, Bowdon, Cheadle and Gatley, Hale, Handforth, Lymm, and Sale.

1918.

369

Representation of the People Aet, 1918. Ch 64.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part H. — continued. PARLIAMENTARY CO UNTIES — continued.

(1) England, excluding Monmouthshire — continued.

Name of Parliamentary County. Contents of Parliamentary County. 1 Total Number of Members for Parliamentary County. Names of Divisions of Parliamentary County. Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Chester — continued. 1 (City of Chester. Crewe Eddisbury - Knutsford - 1 The rural district of Chester, the county borough of Chester, and the urban district of Hoole. The part of the rural district of Congleton which consists of the civil parishes of Arclid, Betchton, Church Lawton, Hassall, Moreton-cum-Al-cumlow, Odd Rode, Smallwood, and Wheelock, the part of the rural district of Nantwich which consists of the civil parishes of Barthomley, Basford, Church Coppenhall, Chorlton, Crewe, Haslington, Hough, Rope, Shavington - cum - Gresty, Stapeley, Weston, Willaston, Wistaston, and Wybunbury, the municipal borough of Crewe, and the urban districts of AlBager and Nantwich. The rural districts of Malpas and Tarvin, the part of the rural district of Nantwich which is not inoluded in the Crewe Division, the part of the rural distriet of Northwich which consists of the civil parishes of Crow-ton, Cuddington, Darnhall, Delamere, Eddisbury, Little Budworth, Marton, Oakmere, and Wimboldsley, the part of the rural district of Runcorn which consists of the civil parishes of Alvanley, Frodsham, Frodsham Lordship, Helsby, Kingsley, Kingswood, Manley, Newton-by-Frodsham, and Norley, and the urban district of Tarporley. The part of the rural district of Bucklow which consists of the civil parishes of Aston-by-Budworth, Bexton, Marthall - cum - Warford, Mere, Mobberley, Ollerton, Peover Inferior, Peover Superior, Pickmere, Plumley, Styal, Tabley Inferior, Tabley Superior, Tattoo, and Toft; the part of the rural district of Congleton which is not included in the Crewe, Macclesfield, and Northwich Divisions; the part of the rural district of Macclesfield which consists of the civil parishes of Adlington, Butley, Capesthorne, Chelford, Chorley, Fallibroome, Great

370

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Ch. 64. Representation of the People Act, 1918.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Paet II — PARLIAMENTARY COUNTIES —

(1) England, excluding Monmouthshire — continued.

Name of Parliamentary County. Contents of Parliamentary County. 1 Total Number of Members for Parliamentary County. Names of Divisions of Parliamentary County. Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Chester — continued. Enutsford — continued. Warford, Lower Withington, MartoD, Mottram St. Andrew, Nether Alderley, Newton, Old Withington, Over Alderley, Poynton-with-Worth, Prest-bury, Siddington, Snelson, Tyther-ington, Upton, and Woodford; the part of the rural district of Northwich which consists of the civil parishes of Allostock, Byley, Lach Dennis, Lostock Gralam, Nether Peover, Rudheath, Sproston, and Whatcroft, the part of the rural district of Runcorn which consists of the civil parishes of Acton Grange, Antro-bus, Appleton, Crowley, Daresbury, Grappenhall, Hatton, Higher Whitley, Keckwick, Latchford Without, Lower Whitley, Moore, Newton by Daresbury, Preston on the Hill, Seven Oaks, Stockton Heath, Stretton, Thelwall, Walton Inferior, and Walton Superior; and the urban districts of Alderley Edge, Bollington, Hazel Grove and Bramhall, Enutsford, and Wilmslow.

Macclesfield North wich - The rural district of Dialey, the part of the rural district of Congleton which consists of the civil parishes of Hulme Walfield and Newbold Ast-bury, the part of the rural district of Macclesfield which is not included in the Enutsford Division, the municipal boroughs of Congleton and Macclesfield, and the urban districts of Bredbury and Romiley, Buglawton, Compstall, Marple, and Yeardsley-cum-Whaley. The part of the rural district of Congleton which consists of the civil parishes of Bradwall, Elton, Moston, and Tetton, the part of the rural district of Northwich which is not included in the Eddisbury and Enutsford Divisions, the part of the rural district of Runcorn which is not included in the Eddisbury and Enutsford Divisions, and the urban districts of Middle wich, North wich, Runcorn, Sandbach, and Winsford.

1918. Representation of the People Act, 1918. Ch. 64. 371

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part H. —

PARLIAMENTARY COUNTIES —

_(1) England, exolpding Monmouthshire — continued._

Name of Parliamentary County. Contents of Parliamentary County. Total Number of Members for Parliamentary County. Names of Divisions of Parliamentary County. Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Chester — continued. Stalybridge and Hyde. Wirral The rural district of Tintwistle, the municipal boroughs of Dukinfield, Hyde, and Stalybridge, and the urban districts of Holling worth and Mottram in Longdendale. The rural district of Wirral, and the urban districts of Bromborough, Ellesmere Port and Whitby, Higher Bebing-ton, Hoylake and West Kirby, Lower Bebington, and Neston and Parkgate.

Cornwall The administrative county of Cornwall and the Isles of Scilly. Five Bodmin Camborne - Northern - The rural districts of Liskeard and St. Germans, the part of the rural district of Bodmin which is not included in the Northern Division, the part of the rural district of St. Austell which consists of the civil parishes of St. Sampson and Ty ward-reath, the municipal boroughs of Bodmin, Fowey, Liskeard, Lostwithiel, and Saltash, and the urban districts of Callington, Looe, and Torpoint. The rural district of Redruth, the part of the rural district of East Kerrier which consists of the civil parishes of Constantine, Mabe, and Perranarworthal, the part of the rural district of Helston which consists of the civil parishes of Crowan and Wendron, the part of the rural district of Truro which consists of the civil parishes of Kea, Kenwyn Rural, Perranzabuloe, St. Agnes, St. Allen, and Tregavethan, the municipal borough of Helston, and the urban districts of Camborne, Hayle, Phillack, and Redruth. The rural districts of Calstock, Camelford, Launceston, St. Columb Major, and Stratton, the part of the rural district of Holsworthy which is within the administrative county of Cornwall, the part of the rural district of Bodmin which consists of the civil parishes of Egloshayle, St. Endellion, St. Kew, St. Minver Highlands, and St. Minver Lowlands, the municipal borough of Launceston, and the urban districts of Newquay, Padstow, Stratton and Bude, and Wadebridge.

372 Ch. 64. Representation of the People Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part Tl — continued.

PARLIAMENTARY COUNTIES —

(1) England, excluding Monmouthshire — __________

Name of Parliamentary County. Contents of Parliamentary County. Total Number of Mtmbera for Parliamentary County. Names of Divisions of Parliamentary County. Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Cornwall — continued. Penryn and Falmouth. St. Ives The part of the rural district of St. Austell which is not included in the Bodmin Division, the part of each of the rural districts of East Kerrier and Truro which is not included in the Camborne Division, the municipal boroughs of Falmouth, Penryn, and Truro, and the urban district of St. Austell. The rural district of West Penwith, the part of the rural district of Helston which is not included in the Camborne Division, the municipal boroughs of Penzance and St. Ives, the urban districts of Ludgvan, Madron, Paul, and St. Just, and the Scilly Isles.

Cumberland - The administrative county of Cumberland. Four Northern - Penrith and Cockermouth. Whitehaven Workington The rural districts of Brampton, Carlisle, and Longtown, the part of the rural district of Wigton which is not included in the Workington Division, and the urban districts of Holme Cultram and Wigton. The rural districts of Alston with Garrigill and Penrith, the part of the rural district of Cockermouth which is not included in the Workington Division, and the urban districts of Cockermouth, Keswick, and Penrith. The rural district of Bootle, the part of the rural district of Whitehaven which is not included in the Workington Division, the municipal borough of Whitehaven, and the urban districts of Cleator Moor, Egremont, and Millom. The part of the rural district of Cockermouth which consists of the civil parishes of Broughton, Broughton Moor, Camerton, Crosscanonby, Dear-ham, Flimby, Great Clifton, Little Clifton, Oughterside and Allerby, Ribton, Seaton, Stainburn, Winscales, and Workington Rural, the part of the rural district of Whitehaven which consists of the civil parishes of Distington, Moresby, and Weddicar, the part of the rural district of Wigton which consists of the civil parishes of Allonby, Hay ton and

1918. Representation of the People, 1918. Ch. 64.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part 11. — continued.

PARLIAMENTARY COUNTIES —

(1) England, excluding Monmouthshire —

373

Name of Parliamentary

County.

Contents of Parliamentary County.

Total Number of Members for Parliamentary County.

Names of Divisions of Parliamentary County.

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Cumberland — coni.

Derby -

The administrative county of Derby.

Eight

Workington — cont.

Belper

Chesterfield

Clay Cross

High Peak

Ilkeston North Eastern

Cc

Mealo, and West Newton, the municipal borough of Workington, and the urban districts of Arlecdon and Frizington, Aspatria, Harrington, and Maryport.

The rural district of Belper, the part of the rural district of Repton which is not included in the Southern and Western Divisions, and the urban districts of Alfreton, Belper, and Heage.

The part of the rural district of Chesterfield which consists of the civil parishes of Barlow, Brimington, Calow, Hasland, Sutton-cum-Duck-manton, Tapton, Temple Normanton, and Winger worth, the municipal borough of Chesterfield, and the urban districts of Brampton and Walton and Whittington and New-bold.

The rural district of Blackwell, the part of the rural district of Chesterfield which is not included in the North Eastern and Chesterfield Divisions, and the urban district of Clay Cross.

The rural district of Chapel-en-le-Frith (except the two detached parts of the civil parish of Derwent which are bounded on the west by the civil parish of Hathersage), the rural districts of Glossop Dale and Hayfield, the portion of the rural district of Bakewell which consists of the two detached parts of the civil parish of Outseats which are bounded on three sides by the civil parish of Derwent, the municipal boroughs of Buxton and Glossop, and the urban district of New Mills.

The rural district which consists of the civil parishes of Codnor Park and Shipley, the municipal borough of Ilkeston, and the urban districts of Heanor and Ripley.

The rural districts of Clowne and Norton, the part of the rural district

374 Ch. 64. Representation of the People, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part n. — continued.

PARLIAMENTARY COUNTIES —

(1) England, excluding Monmouthshire — continued.

Name of Parliamentary Ooanty.

Derby — coni.

Contents of Parliamentary County.

Total Number of Members for Parliamentary County.

Names of Divisions of Parliamentary County.

Devon

North Eastern — cont.

Southern -

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

W estern

The administrative county of Devon.

Seven

Barnstaple

Honiton

of Chesterfield which consists of the civil parishes of Beighton, Coal Aston, Dronfield Woodhouse, Eckington, Holmesfield, Killamarsh, Staveley, and Unstone, and the urban districts of Bolsover and Dronfield.

The rural districts of Hartshorn and Seals and Shardlow, the part of the rural district of Repton which consists of the civil parishes of Caldwell, Castle Gresley, Catton, Coton in the Elms, Drakelow, Linton, Lulling-ton, Rosliston, and Walton-upon-Trent, and the urban districts of Alvaston and Boulton, Long Eaton, and Swadlincote District.

The rural districts of Ashbourne and Sudbury, the rural district of Bakewell (except the two detached parts of the civil parish of Outseat^ which are bounded on three sides by the civil parish of Derwent), the part of the rural district of Repton which consists of the civil parishes of Barton Blount, Church Broughton, Foston and Scropton, Hatton, HiltonT Hoon. Marston-on-Dove, Osleston and Thur-vaston, and Sutton-on-the-Ilill, the part of the rural district of Chapel-en-le-Frith which consists of the two detached parts of the civil parish of Derwent bounded on the west by the civil parish of Hathersage, and the urban districts of Ashbourne, Bakewell, Baslow and Bubnell, Bousall. Matlock, Matlock Bath and Sc&rtkin Nick. North Darley, South Darley, and Wirksworth.

The rural districts of Barnstaple and Bideford (including Lundy Island), the municipal boroughs of Barnstaple and Bideford, and the urban districts of Ilfracombe, Lvnton, and Northam.

The rural districts of Axminstor and Honiton, the part of the rural district of St. Thomas which consists

19.18.

375

Representation of the People Act, 1918. Gil. 64.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part II —

PARLIAMENTARY COUNTIES-conttnued.

(1) England, excluding Monmouthshire — continued.

Name of Contents of Total N umber of Names of

Parliamentary Parliamentary Members for Parlia- Divisions of Parliamentary

County. County. mentary County. County.

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Devon — tout.

Honiton — continued.

South Mol ton.

Tavistock -

of the civil parishes of Aylesbeare, Bicton, Clyst Honiton, Clyst St. George, Clyst St. Mary, Colaton Raleigh, East Budleigh, Farringdon, Lympstone, Newton Poppleford, Ottertou, Rockbeare, Sowton, and Woodbury, the municipal borough of Honiton, and the urban districts of Axminster, Budleigh Salterton, Exmouth, Ottery St. Mary, Seaton, and Sidmouth.

The rural districts of Crediton, Okehampton, South Molton, and Torrington, the municipal boroughs of Great Torrington, Okehampton and South Molton, and the urban district of Crediton.

The rural districts of Broadwood-widger, Plympton St. Mary, and Tavistock, the part of the rural district of Holsworthy which is within the administrative county of Devon, and the urban districts of Holsworthy. Ivybridge, and Tavistock.

Tiverton

The rural districts of Culmstock and Tiverton, the part of the rural district of Newton Abbot which consists of tho civil parish of West Dawlish, the part of the rural district of St. Thomas which is not included in the Honiton Division, the municipal borough of Tiverton, and the urban districts of Bampton and Dawlish.

Torquay

Cc 2

The part of the rural district of Newton Abbot which consists of the civil parishes of Cockington and Stokeinteignhead, the part of the rural district of Totnes which consists of the civil parishes of Churston Ferrers, Kingswear, Marldon, and Stoke Gabriel, the municipal boroughs of Dartmouth anil Torquay, and the urban districts of Brixham and Paignton.

376

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Ch. 64. Representation of the People Act, 1918.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part II. — continued. PARLIAMENTARY COUNTIES — continued.

(1) England, exploding Monmouthshire — continued.

Name of Parliamentary County.

Contents of Parliamentary County.

Total Number of Members for Parliamentary County.

Devon — cont.

Dorset

The administrative county of Dorset.

Four

Names of Divisions of Parliamentary County.

Totnes

Eastern

Northern -

Western

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Southern -

The rural district of Kingsbridge, the part of the rural district of Newton Abbot which is not included in the Tiverton and Torquay Divisions, the part of the rural district of Totnes which is not included in the Torquay Division, the municipal borough of Totnes, and the urban districts of Ashburton, Buckfast-leigh, Kingsbridge, Newton Abbot, Salcombe, and Teignmouth.

The rural district of Poole, the part of the rural district of Wimborne and Cranborne which consists of the civil parishes of Aimer, Chalbury, Colehill, Corfe Mullen, Hampreston, Hinton Martell, Hinton Parva, Holt, More Critchel, Pamphill, Shapwick, Sturminster Marshall, West Parley, and Witchampton, the municipal borough of Poole, and the urban district of Wimborue Minster.

The rural districts of Blandford, Shaftesbury, Sherborne, and Sturminster, the part of the rural district of Wimborue and Cranborne which is not included in the Eastern Division, the municipal boroughs of Blandford Forum and Shaftesbury, and the urban district of Sherborne.

The rural district of Wareham and Purbeck, the part of the rural district of Weymouth which is not included in the Western Division, the municipal boroughs of Wareham and Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, and the urban districts of Portland and Swanage.

The rural districts of Beaminster, Bridport, Cerne and Dorchester, the part of the rural district of Weymouth which consists of the civil parishes of Abbotsbury, Langton Herring and Portisham, and the municipal boroughs of Bridport, Dorchester, and Lyme Regis.

1918. Representation of the People, 1918. Ch. 64.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part H. — continued.

PARLIAMENTARY COUNTIES —

(1) England, excluding Monmouthshire — continued.

377

Name of Parliamentary County.

Contents of Parliamentary County.

Durham

Total Number of Members for Parliamentary County.

Names of Divisions of Parliamentary County.

I The administrati ve | county of I Durham I exclusive; of the parts ! thereof | comprised in parliamentary boroughs.

Eleven

Barnard

Castle.

Bishop

Auckland.

Blaydon

Chester-le-

Street.

Consett

Durham

Houghton-

le-Spring.

Jarrow

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

The rural districts of Barnard Castle and Weardale, the part of the rural district of Auckland which consists of the civil parishes of Hamsterley and South Bedburn, the part of the rural district of Lanchester which is not included in the Consett and Spennymoor Divisions, and the urban districts of Barnard Castle and Stanhope.

The part of the rural district of Auckland which is not included in the Barnard Castle and Spennymoor Divisions, and the urban districts of Bishop Auckland and Shildon.

The urban districts of Blaydon, JR.yton, Tanfield, and Whickham.

The rural district of Chester-le-Street, and the urban district of Chester-le-Street.

The part of the rural district of Lanchester which consists of the civil parishes of Craghead, Ebchester, Healey field, Knitsley, and Medomsley, and the urban districts of Annfield Plain, Benfieldside, Consett, Leadgate, and Stanley.

The rural district of Durham (except the civil parish of Brance-peth), the part of the rural district of Houghton-le-Spring which consists of the civil parishes of East Rainton, Great Eppleton, Little Eppletou, Moor House, Moorsley, and West Rainton, the municipal borough of Durham, and the urban district of Hetton.

The rural districts of South Shields and Sunderland, the part of the rural district of Houghton-le-Spring which is not included in the Durham Division, and the urban district of Houghton-le-Spring.

The municipal borough of Jarrow, and the urban districts of Felling and Hebburn.

378

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Ch. 1)4. Representation of the People, 1918.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part II.

PARLIAMENTARY COUNTIES —

(1) England, excluding Monmouthshire —

Name of

Parliamentary

County.

Contents of Parliamentary County.

Total Number of Members for Parliamentary County.

Names of Divisions of Parliamentary County.

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Durham — continued.

Essex -

The administrative county of Essex exclusive of the parts thereof comprised in parliamentary

boroughs.

Eight

Seaham

Sedgefield -Spennyroooor

Chelmsford

Colchester -

Epping

Harwich

Maldon

The rural district of Easington, and the urban district of Seaham Harbour.

The rural districts of Darlington, Hartlepool, Sedgefield, and Stockton.

The part of the rural district of Auckland which consists of the civil parishes of Helmington Row, Hun-wick and Helmington, and North Bedburn, the part of the rural district of Durham which consists of the civil parish of Brancepeth, the part of the rural district of Lanchester which consists of the civil parish of Hedleyhope, and the urban districts of Brandon and Byshottles, Crook, Spennymoor, Tow Law, and Willington.

The rural districts of Chelmsford and Ongar, the part of the rural district of Billericay which consists of the civil parishes of Hutton, Ingrave, Mountnessing, Shenfield, aod South Weald, the municipal borough of Chelmsford, and the urban district of Brentwood.

The rural district of Lexden and Winstree (except the detached part of the civil parish of In worth which is wholly surrounded by the civil parishes of Great Braxted and Kel-vedon), and the municipal borough of Colchester.

The rural district of Epping, and the urban districts of Buckburst Hill, Chingford, Epping, Loughton, Waltham Holy Cross, Wanstead, and Woodford.

The rural district of Tendring, the municipal borough of Harwich, and the urban districts of Brightlingsea, Clacton, Frinton-on-Sea, Walton-on-the-Naze, and Wivenhoe.

The rural district of Braintree (with the detached part of the civil parish of Inworth which is wholly surrounded by the civil parishes of

1918.

379

Name of Parliamentary County.

Kgs ex — cont.

Gloucester -

Representation of the People, 1918. Ch. 64.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part H. — continued.

PARLIAMENTARY COUNTIES —

(1) England, excluding Monmouthshire — continued

Contents of Parliamentary County.

Total Number of Members for Parliamentary County.

Names of Divisions of Parliamentary County.

Maldon — continued.

Romford -

Saffron

Walden.

South-

Eastern.

i

The administrative county of Gloucester exclusive of the parts thereof comprised in the parliamentary borough of Chelten-

Four

Cirencester and Tewkesbury.

Forest of Dean.

Stroud

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Great Braxted and Kelvedon), the rural district of MaldoD, the municipal borough of Maldon, and the urban districts of Braintree, Burnham-on-Crouch, and Witham.

The rural district of Romford, and the urban districts of Barking Town and Romford.

The rural districts of Belchamp, Bumpstead, Dunmow, Halstead, Saffron Walden, and Stansted, the municipal borough of Saffron Walden, and the urban district of Halstead.

The rural districts of Orsett and Rochford, the part of the rural district of Billericay which is not included in the Chelmsford Division, and the urban districts of Grays Thurrock, Shoeburyness, and Tilbury.

The rural districts of Campden, Cirencester, Marston Sicca, North-leach, and Pebworth, the part of each of the rural districts of Faringdon, Stow-on-the-Wold, Tetbury, Tewkesbury, and Winchcomb which is within the administrative county of Gloucester, the part of the rural district of Cheltenham which consists of the civil parishes of Prestbury, Swindon, and Uckington, the municipal borough of Tewkesbury, and the urban districts of Cirencester, Stow-on-the-Wold, and Tetbury.

The rural districts of East Dean and united parishes, Lydney, Newent, and West Dean, the part of the rural district of Gloucester which consists of the civil parishes of Ashleworth, Highnam Over and Linton, Lassing-ton, and Maisemore, and the urban districts of Awre, Coleford, Newnham, and Westbury-on-Severn.

The rural districts of Dursley, Stroud, and Wheatenhurst, the part of the rural district of Cheltenham which

380

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Ch. 64. Representation of the People Act, 1918.

NINTH SCHEDULE — PiBT II. —

PARLIAMENTARY COUNTIES —

(1) England, exoldding Monmouthshire — continued.

Name of Parliamentary County.

Contents of Parliamentary County.

Total Number of Members for Parliamentary County.

Names of Divisions of Parliamentary County.

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Gloucester — continue

Hants -

Hereford

The administrative county of Southampton, exclusive of the parts thereof comprised in the parliamentary borough of Southampton.

The administrative county of Hereford.

Six

Two

Stroud — continued.

Thornbury -Aldershot -

Basingstoke Fareham -

New Forest and

Christ-

church.

Petersfield -

Winchester

Hereford -

is not included in the Cirencester and Tewkesbury Division, the part of the rural district of Gloucester which is not included in the Forest of Dean Division, and the urban districts of Nails worth and Stroud.

The rural districts of Chipping Sod-bury, Thornbury, and Warmley, and the urban district of Kingswood.

The rural district of Hartley Wint-ney, and the urban districts of Aider-shot, Farnborough, and Fleet.

The rural districts of Andover, Basingstoke, Kingsclere, Stockbridge, and Whitchurch, and the municipal boroughs of Andover and Basingstoke.

The rural districts of Fareham and Havant, and the urban districts of Fareham, Gosport and Alverstoke, Havant, and Warblington.

The rural districts of Christchurch, Fordingbridge, Lymington, New Forest, Ringwood, and Romsey, and the municipal boroughs of Christchurch^ Lymington, and Romsey.

The rural districts of Alresford. Alton, Catherington, Droxford, and Petersfield, and the urban districts of Alton and Petersfield.

The rural districts of Hursley and Winchester, the rural district of South Stoneham (except the civil parish of Bitterne), the municipal borough of Winchester, and the urban district of Eastleigh and Bishopstoke.

The rural districts of Dore, Ross, and Whitchurch, the part of each of the rural districts of Hereford and Ledbury which is not included in the Leominster Division, the municipal borough of Hereford, and the urban districts of Ledbury and Ross.

191S.

381

Name of

Parliamentary

County.

Hereford — continued.

Hertford

Representation of the People Act, 1918. Ch. 64.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part II —

PARLIAMENTARY COUNTIES —

(1) England, excluding Monmouthshire — continued.

Contents of Total Number of Names of

Parliamentary Members for Parlia- Divisions of Parliamentary

County. mentary County. County.

i Leominster

The admi- Five Hemel Hemp-

nistrative county of sted.

Hertford. Hertford -

Hitchin

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

The rural districts of Bredwardine, Bromyard, Kington, Leominster Weobley, and Wigmore, the part of the rural district of Hereford which consists of the civil parishes of Bartes-tree, Breinton, Burghill, Credenhill, Dinmore, Holmer, Kenchester, Lug-wardine, Marden, Moreton-on-Lugg, Pipe and Lyde, Preston Wynne, Stretton Sugwas, Sutton, Wellington, Westhide, Weston Beggard, and With-ington, the part of the rural district of Ledbury which consists of the civil parishes of Ashperton, Bosbury, Canon Frome, Castle Frome, Cod-dington, Colwall, Egleton, Mathon Rural, Munsley, Pixley, Stretton Grandison, Tarrington, and Yarkhill, the municipal borough of Leominster, and the urban districts of Bromyard and Kington.

The rural districts of Berkhampstead and Hemel Hempstead, the part of the rural district of St. Albans which consists of the civil parishes of Harpenden Rural, Redbourn, and Wheathampstead, the part of the rural district of Watford which consists of the civil parishes of Abbots Langley and Sarratt, the municipal borough of Hemel Hempsted, and the urban districts of Great Berkhampstead, Harpenden, and Tring.

The rural districts of Hadbam and Ware, the part of the rural district of Hertford which is not included in the Hitchin Division, the municipal borough of Hertford, and the urban districts of Bishops Stortford, Ches-hunt, Hoddesdon, Sawbridgeworth, and Ware.

The rural districts of Ashwell, Buntingford, Hitchin, and Welwyn, the part of the rural district of Hertford which consists of the civil parishes of Aston, Bennington, Datchworth, Sa-combe, Walkern, and Watton at Stone,

382 Oh.

Name of Parliamentary County.

Hertford — continued.

Holland with Boston.

Huntingdon

Isle of Ely -

Isle of Wight

Kent -

64. Representation of the People, 1918. 7 8 Geo. 5.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part U. — continued.

PARLIAMENTARY COUNTIES — c

(1) England, excluding Monmouthshire — continued.

Contents of Parliamentary County.

Total Number of Mem here for Parliamentary County.

Names of Divisions of Parliamentary County.

Hitchin — continued. St. Albans-

Theadmi- One nistrative I county of the Parts of Holland. I Theadmi- '

nistrative county of Huntingdon.

Theadmi- j nistrative county of the Isle of Ely.;

The administrative’county of the Isle of Wight.

The administrative j county of | Kent (ex-, elusive of the parts thereof comprised in parliamentary boroughs) and the county borough of Canterbury.

One

One

One

Eleven

Watford

Ashford

Canterbury

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

and the urban districts of Baldock, Hitchin, Royston, and Stevenage.

The rural districts of Barnet and Hatfield, the part of the rural district of St. Albans which is not included in the Hemel Hempsted Division, the municipal borough of St. Albans, and the urban districts of Barnet and East Barnet Valley.

The part of the rural district of Watford which is not included in the Hemel Hempsted Division, and the urban districts of Bushey, Chorley-wood, Rickmansworth, and Watford.

The rural districts of Cranbrook, East Ashford, Romney Marsh, Ten-terden, and West Ashford, the municipal boroughs of Lydd, New Romney, and Tenterden, and the urban district of Ashford.

The rural districts of Bridge and Elham, the rural district of Blean (with the detached parts of the civil parishes of Dunkirk and Hernhill which are wholly surrounded by that rural district), the county borough of Canterbury, and the urban districts of Herne Bay and Whitstable.

383

1018.

Name of Parliamentary County.

Kent — coni.

Representation of the People Act, 1918. Ch. 64.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part II

PARLIAMENTARY COUNTIES —

(1) England, exoldding Monmouthshire —

Contents of Parliamentary County.

Total Number of Members for Parliamentary County.

Names of Divisions of Parliamentary County.

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Chislehurst

Dartford

Dover

Faversham

Gravesend -

Isle of Thanet.

Maidstone -

Sevenoaks -

Tonbridge -

The rural district of Bromley, the part of the rural district of Dartford which is not included in the Dartford Division, and the urban districts of Chislehurst and Foots Cray.

The part of the rural district of Dartford which consists of the civil parishes of Crayford, Stone, and Swanscombe, and the urban districts of Bexley, Dartford, and Erith.

The rural districts of Dover and Eastry, the municipal boroughs of Deal and Dover, and the urban district of Waimer.

The rural districts of Milton and Sheppey, the rural district of Faver-sham (except the detached parts of the civil parishes of Dunkirk and Hernhill which are wholly surrounded by the rural district of Blean), the municipal boroughs of Faversham and Queenborough, and the urban districts of Milton Regis, Sheerness, and Sittingbourne.

The rural districts of Hoo and Strodd, the municipal borough of Gravesend, and the urban district of Northfleet.

The rural district of the Isle of Thanet, the municipal boroughs of Margate, Ramsgate, and Sandwich, and the urban district of Broadstairs and St. Peters.

The rural districts of Hollingbourne and Maidstone, and the municipal borough of Maidstone.

The rural districts of Mailing and Sevenoaks, and the urban districts of Sevenoaks and Wrotham.

The rural district of Tonbridge, the municipal borough of Tunbridge Wells, and the urban districts of Southborough and Tonbridge.

384

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Ch. 64. Representation of the People, 1918.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part IL — continued.

PARLIAMENTARY (1) England, excluding Monmouthshire — continued.

Name of Parliamentary County.

Parts of Kesteven, and Rutland.

Lancaster

Contents of Parliamentary County.

Total

Number of Members for Parliamentary County.

The administrative county of the Parts of Kesteven (exclusive of the part thereof comprised in the parliamentary borough of Lincoln) and the administrative county of Rutland.

The administrative county of Lancaster exclusive of the parts thereof comprised in parliamentary boroughs.

Two

Eighteen

Names of Divisions of Parliamentary County.

Grantham -

Rutland and Stamford.

Chorley

Clitheroe -

Darweu

Farnworth -

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

The rural districts of Branston, Claypole, and Sleaford, the part of the rural district of Grantham which consists of the civil parishes of Ancaster, Barrow by, Belton, Carlton Scroop, Great Gonerby, Harrowby Without, Heydour, Honington, Hough - on - the - Hill, Londonthorpe, Manthorpe, Norman ton, Welby, and the detached part of the civil parish of Spittlegate Without which is wholly surrounded by the municipal borough of Grantham, the municipal borough of Grantham, and the urban districts of Ruskington and Sleaford.

The whole of the administrative county of Rutland, the rural districts of Bourne and Uffington, the part of the rural district of Grantham which is not included in the Grantham Division, the municipal borough of Stamford, and the urban district of Bourne.

The rural district of Chorley, the part of the rural district of Wigan which consists of the civil parishes of Haigh, Parbold, Worthington, and Wrightington, the municipal borough of Chorley, and the urban districts of Adlington, Croston, Leyland, and Withnell.

The rural district of Burnley (except the detached part of the civil parish of Foulridge which is included in the parliamentary borough of Nelson and Colne), the rural district of Clitheroe, the municipal borough of Clitheroe, and the urban districts of Great Harwood and Padilmm.

The rural district of Blackburn, the municipal borough of Darwen, and the urban district of Turton.

The part of the rural district of Barton-upon-Invell which consists of the civil parish of Clifton, the part of the rural district of Bury which consists of the civil parishes of Ains-

1918. Representation of the People Act, 1918. Ch. 64.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part 11. — continued.

PARLIAMENTARY COUNTIES —

_(1) England, exoluding Mokmopthshire — c

385

Name of Parliamentary County.

Contents of Parliamentary County.

Total Number of Members for Parliamentary County.

Names of Divisions of Parliamentary County.

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Lancaster — continued.

Farn worth — continued.

Fylde

Hey wood and

Radcliffe.

Ince -

Lancaster -

Lonsdale -

Middleton

and

Prestwich,

Mossley

worth and Outwood, and the urban districts of Farn worth, Kearsley, Little Hulton, Little Lever, and Worsley.

The rural district of Fylde (except the part of the civil parish of Carleton which is included in the parliamentary borough of Blackpool), the rural district of Preston, and the urban districts of Fleetwood, Kirkham, Longridge, Poulton-le-Fylde, Thornton, and Walton-le-Dale.

The part of the rural district of Bury which is not included in the Farnworth Division, the municipal borough of Heywood, and the urban districts of Radcliffe, Ramsbottom, and Whitefield.

The part of the rural district of Wigan which consists of the civil parish of Shevington, and the urban districts of Abram, Ashton-in-Maker-field, Billinge, Ince-in-Makerfield, Orrell, and Standish-with-Langtree.

The rural district of Garstang, the part of the rural district of Lancaster which is not included in the Lonsdale Division, the municipal boroughs of Lancaster and Morecambe, and the urban districts of Heysham and Preesall.

The rural districts of Lunesdale and Ulverston, the detached part of the rural district of Lancaster which is situated north of the municipal boroughs of Lancaster and Morecambe, and the urban districts of* Carnforth, Dalton-in-F urness, G range, and Ulverston.

The municipal borough of Middleton, and the urban districts of Chadderton and Prestwich.

The rural district of Limehurst, the municipal borough of Mossley, and the urban districts of Audenshaw, Denton, Droylsden, Failsworth, and Lees.

386 Ch. 64. Representation of the People Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part H. —

PARLIAMENTARY COUNTIES —

(1) England, excluding Monmouthshire — continued.

Name of Parliamentary County. Contents of Parliamentary County. Total N umber of Members for Parliamentary County. Names of Divisions of Parliamentary County.

Lancaster — continued. Newton

Ormskirk -

i Royton

j Stretford -

j 1 1 Waterloo -

i i ! Westhough- ton.

i i i Widnes - t

Leicester The administrative county of Leicester. Four 1 Bosworth - 1 i

! Harborough | j

|:. Lough- borough.

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

The rural district of Warrington, the rural district of Leigh (except the civil parish of Astley), and the urban districts of Golborne, Hay dock, and Newton-in-Makerfield.

The rural districts of Sefton and West Lancashire, the part of the rural district of Wigan which consists of the civil parish of Dalton, and the urban districts of Formby, Lathom-with-Burscough, Ormskirk, Rainford, Skelmersdale, and Uphol-land.

The urban districts of Crompton, Littleborough, Milnrow, Norden, Roy-ton, Wardle, and Whitworth.

The rural district of Barton-upon-Irwell (except the civil parish of Clifton), the part of the rural district of Leigh which consists of the civil parish of Astley, and the urban districts of Irlam, Stretford, and Urmston.

The urban districts of Great Crosby, Litherland, Little Crosby, and Water-loo-with-Seaforth.

The urban districts of Aspull, Blackrod, Hindley, Horwich, and Westhoughton.

The rural district of Whiston, the municipal borough of Widnes, and the urban districts of Huyton-with-Roby and Prescot.

The rural districts of Hinckley and Market Bosworth, the part of the rural district of Ashby-de-la-Zouch which consists of the civil parish of Bardon, and the urban districts of Coalville and Hinckley.

The rural districts of Blaby, Hallaton, Lutterworth, and Market Harborough, and the urban districts of Market Harborough, Oadby, and WigBton Magna.

The rural districts of Castle Don-ingtou and Loughborough, the part of the rural district of Ashby-de-la-

1918.

387

Name of Parliamentary County.

Leicester — continued.

Parte of Lindsey.

Middlesex

Representation of the People Act, 1918. Ch. 64.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part H. — continued.

PARLIAMENTARY COUNTIES —

(1) England, excluding Monmouthshire —

Contents of Parliamentary

Total Number of Members for Parlia-

County.

mentary j County.

Names of Divisions of Parliamentary County.

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

The administrative county of the parts of Lindsey exclusive of the part thereof comprised in the parliamentary borough of Grimsby.

Four

Loughborough — continued.

Melton

Brigg

Gainsborough.

Horncastle-;

Louth

Zouch which is not included in the Bosworth Division, the municipal borough of Loughborough, and the urban districts of Ashby-de-la-Zouch, Ashby Woulds, and Shepshed.

The rural districts of Barrow-upon-Soar, Belvoir, Billesdon, and Melton Mowbray, and the urban districts of Melton Mowbray, Quorndon, and Thurraaston.

The rural district of Glanford Brigg, and the urban districts of Barton-upon-Humber, Brigg, Broughton, Brumby and Frodingham, Roxby-cum-Risby, Scunthorpe, and Winterton.

The rural districts of Gainsborough, Isle of Axholme, and Welton, and the urban districts of Crowle and Gainsborough.

The rural districts of Horncastle, Sibsey, and Spilsby, and the urban districts of Alford, Horncastle, Skegness, and Woodhall Spa.

The rural districts of Caistor, Grimsby, and Louth, the municipal borough of Louth, and the urban districts of Mablethorpe and Market Rasen.

The administrative county of Middlesex exclusive of the parts thereof com- prised in parliamen- i tary

boroughs.

Ten

Acton

Brentford and Chiswick. Enfield

Finchley -

Harrow

Heudon Spelthorne -

The urban district of Acton.

I The urban districts of Brentford j and Chiswick.

I The rural district of South Mimms and the urban district of Enfield.

I The urban districts of Finchley and; Friern Barnet.

I The urban districts of Greenford, I Hanwell, Harrow-on-the-Hill, Weald-I stone, and Wembley.

I The rural district of Heudon, and the urban districts of Hendon and Kingsbury.

The rural district of Staines, and the urban districts of Feltbani, Hampton, Hampton Wick, Staines, Sunbury-on-Thames, and Teddington.

388 Ch

Name of Parliamentary County.

Middlesex — continued.

Norfolk

. 64. Representation of the People, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part H —

PARLIAMENTARY COUNTIES — c

(1) England, excluding Monmouthshire — continued.

Contents of Total Number of Names of

Parliamentary Members Divisions of

for Parlia- Parliamentary

County. mentary County. County.

Twickenham

I Uxbridge -

Wood Green

The administra county of Five Eastern

Norfolk. King’s Lynn

Northern -

' Southern -

South-

Western. i

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

The urban districts of Heaton and Isleworth and Twickenham.

The rural district of Uxbridge, and the urban districts of Hayes, Ruislip-Northwood, Southall - Norwood, Uxbridge, and Yiewsley.

The urban districts of Southgate and Wood Green.

The rural districts of East and West Flegg, Loddon and Clavering, St. Faith’s, Smallburgh, and Blofield (including the area, wholly surrounded by the county borough of Norwich, in which stand the shire hall, county police station and other county buildings), and the urban district of North Walsham.

The rural districts of Docking, Free-bridge Lynn, King’s Lynn, and Marshland (except the civil parishes of Outwell and Upwell), the part of the rural district of Downham which consists of the civil parishes of Wiggenhall St. Germans, Wiggenhall St. Mary the Virgin, Wiggenhall St. Mary Magdalen, and Wiggenhall St. Peter, the municipal borough of King’s Lynn, and the urban districts of New Hunstanton and Walsoken.

The rural districts of Aylsham, Erpingbam, and Walsingham, and the urban districts of Cromer, Shering-ham, and Wells.

The rural districts of Depwade, Forehoe, Henstead, and Way land, the part of the rural district of Thetford which is not included in the South-Western Division, and the urban district of Diss.

The rural districts of Mitford and Launditch and Swaffham, the part of the rural district of Downham which is not included in the King’s Lynn Division, the part of the rural district of Marshland which consists of the civil parishes of Outwell and Upwell, the part of the rural district of

1018.

380

Name of Parliamentary County.

Norfolk — continued.

Northampton, with the soke of Peterborough.

Representation of the People, 1918. Ch. 64.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part II. —

PARLIAMENTARY COUNTIES —

(1) England, excluding Monmouthshire — >

Contents of Parliamentary County. Total Number of Members for Parliamentary County. Names of Divisions of Parliamentary County.

South-Western — continued.

i 1 The ad- Four Daventry -

ministrative i i counties of j i Northamp- ! ton and ! the soke of Peterborough. i i J Kettering - I

1 t 1 Peter- I

1 ! 1 t borough.

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Welling-

borough.

Thetford which consists of the civil parishes of Crauwich, Feltwell, Felt-well Anchor, Hockwold-cum-Wilton, Lynford, Methwold, Mund/ord, North-wold, Santon, Weeting with Brome-bill, and West Tofts, the municipal borough of Thetford, and the urban districts of Downlmm Market, East Dercham, and Swaffham.

The rural districts of Brackley, Crick, Daventry, Hardingstone, Middleton Cheney, Pottcrspury, and Towcester, the part of the rural district of Northampton which is not included in the Kettering Division, and the municipal boroughs of Brackley and Daventry.

The rural districts of Brixworth, Kettering, and Oxendon, the part of the rural district of Northampton which consists of the civil parishes of Great Billing, Little Billing, and Weston Favell, and the urban districts of Desborough, Kettering, and Roth-well.

The administrative county of the soke of Peterborough, the rural districts of Easton - on - the - Hill and Gretton, the part of the rural district of Oundle which is within the administrative county of Northampton, that 1 part of the rural district of Thrapston which is within the administrative county of Northampton and is not included in the Wellingborough Division, and the urban district of 1 Oundle.

! The rural district of Wellingborough, the part of the rural district of Thrapston which consists of the i civil parishes of Chelveston-cum-! Caldecott, Hargrave, and Stanwick, the municipal borough of Higham j Ferrers, and the urban districts of Finedon, Irthlingborough, Raunds,

, Rushden. and Wellingborough.

Dd

390

Ch. 64.

Representation of the People, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

NINTH SCHEDULE-Part II PARLIAMENTARY COUNTIES —

(1) England, excluding Monmouthshire — continued.

Name of Parliamentary County.

Northumber-

laml.

Contents of Parliamentary County.

Total Number of Members for Parliamentary County.

I The administrative; county of! Northumberland exclusive of the parts thereof comprised in parliament- (ary boroughs.

Three

Nottingham-

The administrative county of Nottingham.

Five

Names of i Divisions of Parliamentary j County. !

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Berwick-

upon-

Tweed.

Hexham

Wansbeck

Basset law

Broxtowe

Mansfield

The rural districts of Alnwick, Belford, Glendale, Norham and Island-sliires, and Rothbury, with the Farne Islands, the municipal borough of Berwick-upon-Tweed, and the urban districts of Alnwick, Amble, and Rothbury.

The rural districts of Bellingham, Haltwhistle, and Hexham, the part of the rural district of Castle Ward which consists of the civil parishes of Bitch field. Black Heddon, Capheaton, Cheeseburn Grange, East Matfen, Fenwick, Harlow Hill, Hawkwell, Heugh, Iugoe, Kearsley, Kirkheaton, Nesbitt, Ouston, Rval, Wallridge, and West Matfen, and the urban districts of Hexham and Prudhoe.

The part of the rural district of Castle Ward which is not included in the Hexham Division, the rural district of Morpeth (except the civil parishes of Hepscott, Morpeth Castle, Newmiii8ter, and Tranwell), the urban districts of Craralington, Ears-don, Newbiggin-by-the-Sea, New-burn, Seaton Delaval, Seghill, and Whitley and Monkseaton, and the part of the administrative county of Northumberland consisting of the Moot Hall and precincts which is wholly surrounded by the county borough of Newcastle-upon-Tyne.

The rural districts of Blyth and Cuckney, East Retford, and Mister-ton, the part of the rural district of Skegby which consists of the civil parish of Sookholme, the municipal bore ugh of East Retford, and the urban districts of Warsop and Worksop.

The part of the rural district of Basford which is not included in the Rushcliffe Division, and the urban districts of Arnold, Eastwood, Hucknall, and Kirkby-in-Ashfield.

The part of the rural district of Skegby which is not included in the

1918. Representation of the People Act, 1918. Ch. 64.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part II. — continued.

PARLIAMENTARY COUNTIES — continued.

(1) England, excluding Monmouthshire —

391

Name of Contents of Total Number of Names of

Parliamentary Parliamentary Members for Parlia- Divisions of Parliamentary

County. County. mentary County. County.

Nottingham Mansfield —

— continued. continued.

Newark

Rushcliffe -

Oxford The administrative Two Banbury -

county of Oxford. Henley

Salop - The administrative Four Ludlow

county of Salop. Oswestry -

Shrewsbury

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Bassetlaw Division, the municipal borough of Mansfield, and the urban districts of Huthwaite, Mansfield Woodhouse, and Sutton-in-Ashfield.

The rural districts of Bingham, Newark, and Southwell, and the municipal borough of Newark.

The rural districts of Leake and Stapleford, the rural district consisting of the civil parishes of Kingston-upon-S6ar and RatcliiFe-upon-Soar, the part of the rural district of Basford which consists of the civil parishes of Awsworth, Bar-ton-in-Fabis, Bilborough, Bradmore, Bunny, Burton Joyce, Clifton-with-Glapton, Col wick, Cossall, Gamstou, Gedling, Gotham, Nuthall, Rudding-tou, South Wilford, Stoke Bardolph, Strelley, Thrumptou, Trowell, and Wollaton, and the urban districts of Beeston, Carltou, and West Bridgford.

The rural districts of Banbury, Chipping Norton, Witney, and Wood-stock, the municipal boroughs of Banbury, Chipping Norton, and Woodstock, and the urban district of Witney.

The rural districts of Bicester, Crowmarsh, Culham, Goring, Headington, Henley, and Thame, the municipal borough of Henley-on-Thames, and the urban districts of Bicester, Thame, and Wheatley.

The rural districts of Bridgnorth, Burford, Church Stretton, Cleobury Mortimer, Clun, Ludlow, and Tetne, the municipal boroughs of Bishop's Castle, Bridgnorth, and Ludlow, and the urban district of Church Stretton.

The rural districts of Drayton, Ellesmere, Oswestry, Wem, and Whitchurch, the municipal borough of Oswestry, and the urban districts of Ellesmere, Market Drayton, Wem, and Whitchurch.

The rural districts of Atcham and Chirbury, and the municipal borough of Shrewsbury.

Dd 2

392 Ch. 64. Representation of the People Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part II PARLIAMENTARY COUNTIES — continued.

__________(1) England, exclpdino Monmouthshire — __________

Name of Parliamentary County.

Contents of Parliamentary County.

Total Number of Members for Parliamentary County.

Names of Divisions of Parliamentary County.

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Salop — continued.

Somerset

The administrative county of Somerset.

Stafford

The administrative county of Stafford (exclusive of the parts thereof comprised in pa r 1 i a-

Six

Seven

The Wrekin

Bridgwater

Frome

Taunton

Wells

Weston-

super-Mare

Yeovil

Burton

The rural districts of Newport, Shifnal, and Wellington, the municipal borough' of Wen lock, and the urban districts of Dawley, Newport, Oaken-gates, and Wellington.

The rural districts of Bridgwater and Williton, the municipal borough of Bridgwater, and the urban districts of Burnham-on-Seu, Highbridge, Minehead, and Watchet.

The rural districts of Bath, Clutton, and Keynsham, the part of the rural district of Frome which is not included in the Wells Division, and the urban districts of Frome, Midsomer Norton, and Radstock.

The rural districts of Dulverton, Taunton, and Wellington, the municipal borough of Taunton, and the urban districts of Wellington and Wiveliscombe.

The rural districts of Shepton Mallet, Wells, and Wincanton, the part of the rural district of Frome which consists of the civil parishes of Cloford, Marston Bigot, Nunnev, Waustrow, Whatley, and Witham Friary, the municipal boroughs of Glastonbury and Wells, and the urban districts of Shepton Mallet and Street.

The rural districts of Ax bridge (with Steep Holme Island) and Long Ashton, and the urban districts of Clevedon, Portishead, and Weston-super-Mare.

The rural districts of Chard, Lang-port, and Yeovil, the municipal boroughs of Chard and Yeovil, and the urbau districts of Crewkerne and Ilminster.

The rural districts of Tutbury and Uttoxeter, the part of the rural district of Stafford which consists of the detached part of the civil parish of Cohvich which is surrounded by the civil parishes of Blithfield and Colton, the county borough of Burton-upon-Trent, and the urban district of Uttoxeter.

1918. Representation of the People Act, 1918. Ch. 64.

NINTH SCHEDULE-Part PARLIAMENTARY COUNTIES-continued.

(1) England, excludino Monmouthshire — continued.

393

Name of Parliamentary County. Contents of Parliamentary County. Total Number of Members for Parliamentary County. Names of Divisions of Parliamentary County.

Stafford — continued. mentary boroughs) and the county borough of Burton-upon-Trent. Cannock - 1 1 1

j Kings-1 winford.

Leek

1 | Lichfield - I

• 1 Stafford

1 ] 1 i Stone

East Suffolk The administrative county of East Suffolk. 1 Three i 1 Eye j 1

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

The rural district of Seisdon, the part of the rural district of Cannock which consists of the civil parishes of Bushbury, Cheslyn Hay, Essington, Great Wyrley, and Hilton, the part of the rural district of Walsall which consists of the civil parish of Bentley, and the nrban districts of Brownhills, Cannock, and Tettenhall.

The rural district of Kingswinford, and the urban districts of Amblecote, Brierley Hill, Quarry Bank, and Rowley Regis.

The rural districts of Leek and Stoke-upon-Trent, and the urban districts of Biddulph, Kidsgrove, Leek, and Smallthorne.

The rural district of Lichfield, the part of the rural district of Tamworth which is within the administrative county of Stafford, the part of the rural district of Walsall which is not included in the Canuock Division, the municipal boroughs of Lichfield and Tamworth, and the urban districts of Perry Bar and Rugeley.

The rural district of Gnosall, the rural district consisting of the civil parishes of Blymhill and Weston-under-Lizard, the part of the rural district of Cannock which is not included in the Cannock Division, the rural district of Stafford (except the aforesaid detached part of the civil parish of Colwich), and the municipal borough of Stafford.

The rural districts of Bloie Heath, Cheadle, Mayfield, Newcastle-under-Lyme, and Stone, and the urban district of Stone.

The rural districts of East Stow, Ilartismere, and lloxne, the part of the rural district of Blything which is not included in the Lowestoft Division, the part of the rural district of Plomesgate which is not included in

394 Ch. 64. Representation of the People Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part H PARLIAMENTARY COUNTIES — continued.

(1) England, excluding Monmouthshire —

Name of i Contents of Parliamentary Parliamentary County. County.

Total Number of Members for Parliamentary County.

Names of Divisions of Parliamentary County.

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

East Suffolk — continued.

West Suffolk

The administrative county of West Suffolk.

Two

Eye — com/.

Lowestoft -

Woodbridge

Bury St. Edmunds.

Sudbury

the Woodbridge Division, the municipal borough of Eye, and the urban districts of Halesworth, Leiston-cum-Sizewell, Saxmundham, and Stow-market.

The rural districts of Mutford and Lothingland and Wangford, the part of the rural district of Birthing which consists of the civil parishes of Benacre, Covehithe, Easton Barents, Frostenden, Henstead, Reydon, South Cove, and Wrentham, the municipal boroughs of Beccles, Lowestoft, and Southwold, and the urban districts of Bungay and Oulton Broad.

The rural districts of Bosmere and Claydon, Samford, and Wood-bridge, the part of the rural district of Plomesgate which consists of the civil parishes of Blaxhall, Butley, Campsey Ash, C'hillesford, Eyke, Gedgrave, Havergate Island, Iken, Orford, Rendlesham, Sudbourne, Tunstall, Wantisden, and Wickham Market, the municipal borough of Alde-burgh, and the urban districts of Felixstowe and Woodbridge.

The rural districts of Brandon, Mildenhall, and Thedwastre, the parts of the rural districts of Moulton and Thingoe which are not included in the Sudbury Division, the municipal borough of Bury St. Edmunds, and the urban district of Newmarket.

The rural districts of Clare, Cos-ford, and Melford, the part of the rural district of Moulton which consists of the civil parishes of Lidgate and Ousden, the part of the rural district of Thingoe which consists of the civil parishes of Bradfield Combust, Bradfield St. Claire, Bradfield St. George, Brockley, Chedburgh, Chevington, Depden, Great Welne-tham, Hargrave, Hawsteaii, Little Welnetbam, Rede, Stanningfield. and Whepstead, the municipal borough of Sudbury, and the urban districts of Glemsford, Hadleigh, and Haverhill.

1918.

395

Representation of the People, 1918. Ch. 64.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part U — continued.

PARLIAMENTARY COUNTIES — .

(1) England, excluding Monmouthshire —

Name of Parliamentary County.

Contents of Parliamentary County.

Total

Number of Names of Members Divisions of for Parlia-1 Parliamentary mentary County. County.

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Surrey

East Sussex

The administrative county of Surrey exclusive of the* parts thereof comprised in parliamentary boroughs.

The administrative county of East Sussex (exclusive of the part thereof comprised in the parliamentary borough of Brighton) and the county borough of Eastbourne.

Seven

Four

Chertsey -

Eastern Epsom Farnham -

Guildford -

Mitcham -Reigate

Eastbourne

East Grinstead.

Lewes

The rural district of Chertsey, and the urban districts of Chertsey, East and West Molesey, Eghain, Esher and the Dittons, Walton-upon-Thames, and Weybridge.

The rural district of Godslone and the urban districts of Caterham and Coulsdon and Purley.

The rural district of Epsom, and the urban districts of Epsom, Leatherhead, and Sutton.

The rural district of Farnham, the part of the rural district of Guildford which consists of the civil parish of Pirbright, and the urban districts of Farnham, Frimley, Windlesham, and Woking.

The rural district of Hambledon, the rural district of Guildford (except the civil parish of Pirbright), the municipal boroughs of Guildford and Godalming, and the urban district of Haslemere.

The urban districts of Beddington and Wallington, Carshalton, and Mitcham.

The rural districts of Dorking and Reigate, the municipal borough of Reigate, and the urhau district of Dorking.

The rural district of Eastbourne, the part of the rural district of Hailsham which consists of the civil parishes of Arlington, Chalvington, Chiddingly, Hailsham, Hellingly, Laughton, and Ripe, and the county borough of Eastbourne.

The rural districts of Quckfield, East Grinstead, and Uckfield, and the urban districts of Burgess Hill, Cuckfield, East Grinstead, Hayward’s Heath, and Uckfield.

The rural districts of Chailey, New-haven, and Steyning East, the municipal borough of Lewes, and the urban districts of Newhaven, Portslade-by-Sea, and Seaford.

396

Ch. 64.

Representation of the People Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part H. —

PARLIAMENTARY COUNTIES — continued.

(1) England, excluding Monmouthshire —

Name of Parliamentary County.

East Sussex — continued.

West Sussex

Contents of Parliamentary County.

The administrative counry of West Sussex.

Total Number of Members for Parliamentary County.

Names of Divisions of Parliamentary County.

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Two

Rye -

Chichester

Horsham and Worthing.

The rural districts of Battle, Hastings, Rye, and Ticehurst, the part of the rural district of Hailsham which is not included in the Eastbourne Division, the municipal boroughs of Bexhill and Rye, and the urban district of Battle.

The rural districts of East Preston, Midhurst, Petworth, Westbourne, and Westhampnett, the municipal boroughs of Arundel and Chichester, and the urbau districts of Bognor and Littlehampton.

The rural districts of Horsham, Steyning West, and Thakeham, the municipal borough of Worthing, and the urban districts of Horsham, Shore* ham-by-Sea, and Southwick.

Warwick

The administrative | county of Warwick. I

Four

I Nuneaton

Rugby

Tam worth -

Warwick and Leamington.

The rural districts of Atherstone, Coventry, Foleshill, and Nuneaton, the municipal borough of Nuneaton, and the urban district of Bulkington.

The rural districts of Farnborough. Monks Kirby, Rugby, and Southam, the part of the rural district of Brailes which is not included in the Warwick and Leamington Division, the part of the rural district of Stratford-on-Avon which consists of the civil parishes of Charlcote, Com-brook, Compton Verney, Eatington, Kinetou, Loxley, Moreton Morrell, Newbold Pacey, Wellesbourne Hastings, and Wellesbourne Mouutford, and the urban district of Rugby.

The rural districts of Meriden and Solihull, the part of the rural district of Tamworth which is within the administrative county of Warwick, and the municipal borough of Sutton Coldfield.

The rural districts of Alcestor and Warwick, the part of the rural district of Brailes which consists of the civil parishes of Ilmington and Stretton-ou-Fosse, the part of the

1918.

397

Representation of the People Act, 1918. Ch. 64.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part II — continued. PARLIAMENTARY COUNTIES — continued.

(I) England, excluding Monmouthshire — continual.

Total .Number of

Parliamentary Parliamentary

mentary County.

Name of

County.

Contents of

County.

Names of Divisions of Parliamentary County.

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Warwick — continued.

Westmorland The admi-| nistrative, county of I Westmorland.

Wilts - - The admi-

nistrative county of Wilts.

Warwick and Leamington — continued.

One

Five

Chippenham

rural district of Stratford - on - Avon which is not included in the Rugby Division, the municipal boroughs of Royal Leamington Spa, Stratford-on-Avon, and Warwick, and the urban district of Kenilworth.

Devizes

Salisbury -

Swindon

Westbury -

The rural districts of Caine, Chippenham, and Malmesbury, the rural district of Cricklade and Wootton Bassett (except the detached part of the civil parish of Lydiard Tregoze which is wholly surrounded by the civil parishes of Broad Hinton and Wroughton), the part of the rural district of Tetbury which is within ! the administrative county of Wilts, and the municipal boroughs of 1 Caine, Chippenham, and Malmesbury.

The rural districts of Devizes, Marlborough, Pewsey, and Ramsbury, j the part of the rural district of High worth which consists of the civil . parishes of Bishopstone, Chisledon, | Liddington, Little Hinton, Wan-borough, and Wroughton, the aforesaid detached part of the civil parish of Lydiard Tregoze, and the municipal boroughs of Devizes and Marlborough.

The rural districts of A.mesbury, Salisbury, Tisbury, and Wilton, and the municipal boroughs of Salisbury and Wilton.

The part of the rural district of Highworth which is not included in the Devizes Division, and the municipal borough of Swindon.

The rural districts of Bradford-on-Avon, Melksham, Mere, Warminster, and Westbury and Whorwellsdown, and the urban districts of Bradford-on-Avon, Melksham, Trowbridge, Warminster, and Westbury.

398

Ch. 64.

"Representation of the People Act, 1918. Geo. 5.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part IT. — continued.

PARLIAMENTARY COUNTIES —

Name of Parliamentary

County.

(1) England, excluding Monmouthshire — continued.

Contents of Parliamentary County.

Total

Number of Names of

Members Divisions of

for Parlia- Parliamentary

mentary County.

County.

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Worcester

The administrative county of Worcester.

Four

York, East Riding.

The administrative co untv of Y ork, East R iding.

Three

Bewdley -

Evesham -

Kidder-

minster.

Stourbridge

Buckrose -

Holderness

The rural districts of M&rtley, Rock, Tenbury, and Upton-upon-Severn, the part of the rural district of Tewkesbury which consists of the civil parishes of Chaceley and Pendock, the rural district which consists of the civil parishes of Red-marley D’Abitdt and Staunton, the municipal borough of Bewdley, and the urban districts of Malvern and Stourport.

The rural districts of Droitwich, Evesham, Feckenham, Pershore, and Shipston-on-Stour, the parts of the rural districts of Stow-on-the-Wold and Winchcomb which are within the administrative county of Worcester, the part of the rural district of Tewkesbury which consists of the civil parishes of Bredon, Bredon’s Norton, Conderton, Overbury, and Teddington, and the municipal boroughs of Droitwich and Evesham.

The rural districts of Bromsgrove and Kidderminster, the municipal borough of Kidderminster, and the urban districts of Bromsgrove, North Bromsgrove, and Redditch.

The rural district of Halesowen, the municipal borough of Stourbridge, and the urban districts of Lye and Wollescote and Oldbury.

The rural districts of Bridlington, Driffield, Norton, and Sherburn, the municipal borough of Bridlington, and the urban districts of Filey, Great Driffield, and Norton.

The rural districts of Patrington and Skirlaugh, the part of the rural district of Beverley which is not included in the Howdenshire Division, the part of the rural district of Sculcoates which consists of the civil parishes of Preston and Sutton, the municipal boroughs of Beverley and Hcdon, and the urban districts of Cottinghnm, Hornsea, and WUhernsea.

1918.

Ch. 64.

399

iRepresentation of the People, 1918.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part H. —

PARLIAMENTARY COUNTIES —

(1) England, excluding Monmouthshire —

Name of Parliamentary County.

Contents of Parliamentary County.

Total Number of Members for Parliamentary County.

Names of Divisions of Parliamentary County.

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

York, East Riding — continued.

York, North Riding.

The administrative county of York, North Riding, exclusive of the part thereof comprised in the parliamentary borough of Stockton-on-Tees.

Four

Howdenshire

Cleveland -

Richmond -

Scarborough and Whitby.

The rural districts of Escrick, Howden, Pocklington, and Riccall, the part of the rural district of Beverley which consists of the civil parishes of Brantingham, Ellerker, Elloughton-with-Brough, and South Cave, the part of the rural district of Sculcoates which is not included in the Holderness Division, and the urban districts of Hessle and Pocklington.

The rural district of Middlesbrough, the part of the rural district of Guisborough which is not included in the Scarborough and W hitby Division, and the urban districts of Eston, Guisborough, Hinderwell, Loftus, Redcar, Saltburn-by-the-Sea, and Skelton and Brotton.

The rural districts of Aysgarth, Bedale, Croft, Ley burn, Northallerton, Reeth, Richmond, Startforth, and Stokesley, the municipal borough of Richmond, and the urban districts of Kirklington-cum-Upsland, Masham, and Northallerton.

The rural districts of Scarborough and Whitby, the part of the rural district of Guisborough which consists of the civil parishes of Common-dale, Danby, and Westerdale, the part of the rural district of Pickering which consists of the civil parishes of Allerston, Ebberston, Kingthorpe, Lev is ham, Lockton, Marishes, Newton, Thornton Dale, and Wilton, the municipal borough of Scarborough, and the urban districts of Pickering, Scalby, and Whitby.

Thirsk and The rural districts of Easingwold, Malton. Flaxton, Helmsley, Kirkby Moorside, Malton, Thirsk, and Wath, the part of the rural district of Pickering which is not included in the Scarborough and Whitby Division, and I the urban district of Malton.

400

Cu. 61.

Name of Parliamentary County.

York. nWest Riding.

Representation of the People Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part II. —

PARLIAMENTARY COUNTIES —

(1) England, excluding Monmouthshire — continued.____

Contents of

County.

Total Number of Members for Parliamentary County. Names of Divisions of Parliamentary County.

- Nineteen Barkston Ash.

Colne Valley !

j i Doncaster -

Don Valley

Elland

Ilemsworth

Keighley - [

Normanton

Penh tone -

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

nistrative county of York, } Riding, exclusive c the part thereof comprised in parliamentary boroughs.

The rural districts of Bishopthorpe, Selby, Tadcaster, and Wetherby, the part of the rural district of Great Ouseburn which consists of the civil parishes of Acomb, Hessay, Knap ton. Moor Monkton, Nether Poppleton, Rufforth, and Upper Poppleton, and the urban districts of Garforth and Selby.

The urban districts of Faruley Tyas, Golcar, Holme. Holrafirth, Honley, Linthwnite, Marsden, Meltham, New Mill, Saddleworth, Scammonden, Slaithwaite, South Crosland, Springhead, and Thurstonland.

The municipal borough of Doncaster, and the urban districts of Adwick-le-Street and Bentley-with-Arksey.

The rural districts of Doncaster and Thorne, and the urban districts of Mexborough and Tickhill.

The rural district of Halifax (except the civil parish of Norland), the municipal borough of Brighouse, and the urban districts of Clayton, Elland. Greetland, Hipperholme, Queensbury, Shelf, Southowram, and Stainland.

The rural district of Hemsworth, the part of the rural district of Barnsley which is not included in the Wentworth Division, and the urban districts of Cudworth and Royston.

The rural district of Keighley, the municipal borough of Keighley, and the urban districts of Denholme, Haworth, Oak worth, Oxenhope, and Silsden.

The urban districts of Altofts, Cas-tleford, Featherstone, Methlev, Normanton, and Whitwood.

The rural districts of Penistone and Wort ley, and the urban districts of Clayton West, Denby and Cumberworth, Gunthwaite and Ingbirch-worth. Hoy land Swaiue, Kirkburton,

1918.

401

Representation of the People, 1918. Ch. 64.

NINTH SCHEDULE-Part IT. —

PARLIAMENTARY COUNTIES —

(1) England, excluding Monmouthshire — continued.

Name of Contents of

Parliamentary Parliamentary

County. County.

York, West Riding — continued,

Total Number of Members for Parliamentary County.

Names of Divisions of Parliamentary County.

Penistone — continued.

Pontefract

Pudsey and Otley.

Hi pon

Rother

Valley.

Roth well -

Shipley

Skipton

Sowerby -

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Penistone. Shelley, Shepley, Skelman-thorpe, Stocksbridge, and Thurl-stone.

The rural districts of Goole and Pontefract, the municipal borough of Pontefract, and the urban districts of Goole and Knottingley.

The part of the rural district of Wharfedale which is not included in the Shipley Division, the municipal Iwirough of Pudsey, and the urban districts of Burley-in-Wharfe-dale, Calverley, Farsley, Horsforth, Ilk ley, Otley, and Rawdon.

The rural districts of Koares-borough, Pateley Bridge, and Ripon, the part of the rural district of Great Ouseburn which is not included in the Barkston Ash Division, the municipal boroughs of Harrogate and Ripon, and the urban district of Knaresborough.

The rural district of Kiveton Park, the part of the rural district of Rotherham which is not included in the Wentworth Division, and the urban districts of Handsworth and Swinton.

The rural districts of Hunslet and Wakefield, and the urban districts of Ardsley East and West, Emley, Flockton, Horbury, Rothwell, and Stanley.

The part of the rural district of Wharfedale which consists of the civil parishes of Esholt, Hawksworth, and Meuston, and the urban districts of Baildon, Biugley, Guiseley, Ship-ley, and Yeadon.

The rural districts of Bowland, Sedbergh, Settle, and Skipton, and the urban districts of Barnoldswick, Earby, and Skipton.

The rural district of Todmorden, the part of the rural district of Halifax which consists of the civil parish of Norland, the municipal

402

Ch. 64.

Uepresentation of the People Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part II. — continued. PARLIAMENTARY COUNTIES —

(1) England, exploding Monmouthshire — continued.

Name of Parliamentary

Comity.

Contents of Parliamentary County.

Total Number of Members for Parliamentary County.

Names of Divisions of Parliamentary County.

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

York, West Riding — continued.

Sowerby — continued.

Spen

Valley.

Went-

worth.

borough of Todmorden, and the urban districts of Barkisland, Hebden Bridge, Luddendeu Foot, Midgley, Mytholmroyd, Rishworth, Sowerby, Sowerby Bridge, and Soy land.

The urban districts of Birkeushaw, Birstal, Drighlington, Gildersome, Heckmondwike, Hunsworth, Kirk-heaton, Lepton, Mirfield, Spen-borough, and Whitley Upper.

The part of the rural district of Barnsley which consists of the civil parishes of Billingley and Stain-borough, the part of the rural district of Rotherham which consists of the civil parishes of Brampton Bierlow and Wentworth, and the urban districts of Bolton-upon-Dearne, Dar-field, Dodworth, Hoy land Nether, Thurnscoe, Wath - upon - Deame, Wombwell, and Worsborough.

(2) Wales and Monmouthshire.

Anglesey The administrative county of Anglesey. One —

Brecon and Radnor. The administrative counties of Brecon and Radnor. One

Cardigan The administrative county of Cardigan. One '

Carmarthen The administrative county of Carmarthen. Two Carmarthen The rural districts of Carmarthen, Llaudovery, Llanybyther, Newcastle-in-Emlyn, and Whitland, the part of the rural district of Llandilofawr which is not included in the Llanelly Division, the municipal boroughs of

1018. Representation of the People Act, 1918. Ch. 64. 403

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part H

PARLIAMENTARY COUNTIES —

(2) Wales and Monmouthshire — confirmed.

Name of Parliamentary County.

Carmarthen —

continued.

Contents of Parliamentary County.

Total Number of Members for Parliamentary County.

Names of Divisions of Parliamentary County.

Carmarthen

— con.

Llanelly

Carnarvon

The administrative county of Carnarvon exclusive of the part thereof comprised in the Carnarvon District of Boroughs and inclusive of Bardsey Island.

One

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Carmarthen, Kidwelly, and Llandovery, and the urban districts of Llandilo and Newcastle Emlyn.

The rural district of Llanelly, the part of the rural district of Llan-dilofawr which consists of the civil parishes of Bettws, Llandybie, and Quarter Bach, and the part of the civil parish of Llandilo Rural which comprises Ward I. of that parish as formed by the order of the county council of Carmarthen dated the 23rd day of October 1894, the municipal borough of Llanelly, and the urban districts of Ammanford, Burry Port, and Cwmamman.

Denbigh

The administrative county of Denbigh.

Two

Denbigh

The rural districts of Llangollen, Llaurwst, Llansilin, Ruthin, St. Asaph (Denbigh), and Uwchaled, the | rural district of Gian Conway con-I sitting of the civil parishes of 1 Llanelian yn Rhds and Llansantfiraid Gian Conway, the part of the rural district of Chirk which is not in-| eluded in the Wrexham Division, the I municipal boroughs of Denbigh and Ruthin, and the urban districts of Abergele and Pensarn, Colwyn Bay I and Colwyn, Llangollen, and Llan-I rwst.

404

Ch. 64. Representation of the People Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part II. — continued.

PARLIAMENTARY COUNTIES — confirmed.

(2) Wales and Monmouthshire — cont

Name of Parliamentary County. Contents of Parliamentary County. Total Number of Members for Parliamentary County.

Denbigh — continued.

Flint - The administrative county of Flint. One

Glamorgan - The administrative county of Glamorgan exclusive of the parts thereof comprised in parliamentary boroughs. Seven

Names of Divisions of Parliamentary County.

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Merioneth -

The administrative county of Merioneth.

Wrexham -

Aberavon -

Caerphilly -Gower

Llandaff and Barry.

Neath

Ogmore

Pontypridd

One

The rural district of Wrexham, the part of the rural district of Chirk which consists of the civil parish of Chirk, and the municipal borough of Wrexham.

The part of the rural district of Neath which consists of the civil parishes of Baglan Higher, Baglau Lower, Michaelston Higher, and Michaelston Lower, the part of the rural district of Penybont which consists of the civil parishes of Keufig, Pyle, Sker, Tythegston Higher, and Tythegston Lower, the municipal borough of Aberavon, and the urban districts of Briton Ferry, Gleucorwg, Mar gam, and Porthcawl.

The urban districts of Caerphilly and Gelligaer.

The rural districts of Gower and Swansea, and the Urban district of Oyster mouth.

The rural district of Llandaff and Dinas Powis, and the urban district of Barry.

The rural district of Pontardawe. the part of the rural district of Neath which is not included in the Aberavon Division, and the municipal borough of Neath.

The part of the rural district of Penybont which is not included in the Aberavon Division, and the urban districts of Bridgend, Maesteg, and Ogmore and Garw.

The rural districts of Cowbridge and Llantrisant and Llantwitfardre, the municipal borough of Cowbridge, and the urban district of Pontypridd.

1918.

405

Representation of the People, 1918. Ch. 64.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part II —

PARHAM ENTARY COUNTIES —

(2) Wales and Monmouthshire — continued.

Name of Contents of Total Number of Names of

Parliamentary Parliamentary Members for Parlia-, Divisions of Parliamentary

County. j County. mentary County. County.

Monmouth - Theadmi* nistrative Five Abertillery

county of Bedwellty

Monmouth. Ebbw Yale

Monmouth -

Pontypool -

Montgomery The administrative One

county of Montgomery.

Pembroke - The administrative One —

county of Pembroke.

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

The urban districts of Abercarn, Abertillery, and Nantyglo and Blaina.

The part of the rural district of St. Mellon8 which consists of the civil parish of Rogerstone, and the urban districts of Bedwas and Machen, Bedwellty, Mynyddislwyn, and Risca.

The urban districts of Ebbw Yale, Rhymney, and Tredegar.

The rural districts of Abergavenny, Chepstow, Magor, Monmouth, and Pontypool, the rural district of St. Mellons (except the civil parish of Rogerstone), the municipal boroughs of Abergavenny and Monmouth, and the urban districts of Caerleon, Chepstow, and Usk.

The urban districts of Abersychan, Blaenavon, Llanfrechfa Upper, Llan-tarnam, Panteg, and Pontypool.

(3) Scotland.

Aberdeen and Kincardine.

The counties of Aberdeen and Kincardine, Three Central

inclusive of all burghs situated Eastern

therein ex- Kincardine

cept the and

county of the city of Aberdeen and the Western.

The county districts of Aberdeen, Ellon, Garioch, and Huntly, inclusive of the burghs of Ellon, Inverurie, Kintore, Old Meldrum, and Huntly.

The county districts of Deer and Turriff, inclusive of all burghs situated therein.

The county of Kincardine, inclusive of all burghs situated therein except the burgh of Inverbervie and that portion of the county of the city of Aberdeen which is situated within the

Ee

406 Ch. 64. Representation of the People Act, 1918. 7 & S Geo. 5.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part II. —

PARLIAMENTARY COUNTIES — continued.

(3) Scotland — continued.

Name of Parliamentary County.

Contents of Parliamentary

County.

Total Numlier of Members for Parliamentary County.

Names of Divisions of Parliamentary County.

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Aberdeen and Einoardine — cont.

Argyll

Ayr and Bute

Banff -

Berwick and Haddington

Caithness and Sutherland.

burgh of Inverbervie.

The county of Argyll, inclusive of all burghs situated therein.

The counties of Ayr and Bute, inclusive of all burghs situated therein except the burghs of Ayr, Ard-rossan, Irvine. Prestwick, Saltcoats, and Troon.

The county of Banff, inclusive of all burghs situated therein.

The counties of Berwick and Haddington, inclusive of all burghs situated therein.

The counties of Caithness and Sutherland, inclusive of all burghs situated therein.

One

Three

One

Kincardine

and

Western — continued.

Bute and Northern.

Kilmarnock

South Ayrshire.

One

One

said county of Kincardine, together with the county districts of Alford and Deeside, inclusive of all burghs situated therein.

The county of Bute, inclusive of all burghs situated therein, and the county district of Northern Ayr, inclusive of all burghs situated therein except in so far as included in the Ayr District of Burghs.

The county district of Kilmarnock, inclusive of all burghs situated therein except in so far as included in the Ayr District of Burghs.

The county districts of Ayr and Garrick, inclusive of all burghs situated therein except iu so far as included in the Ayr District of Burghs.

1918.

Representation of the People Act, 1918. Cii. 64:

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part 1L — PARLIAMENTARY 00 UNTIES —

(3) Scotland — c

407

Name of Contents of Total Number of Names of

Parliamentary Parliamentary Members for Parlia- Divisions of Parliamentary Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

County. County. mentary County. County.

Dumfries

Fife

Forfar

Dumbarton -

The county of Dumbarton, inclusive of all burghs situated therein except the burghs of Dumbarton and Clydebank.

The county of Dumfries, inclusive of all burghs situated therein.

The county of Fife, inclusive of all burghs situated therein j except the burghs of Dunfermline, Cowden-beath, Inverkeithing, Lochgelly, Kirkcaldy, Buckhaven Methil and Innerleven, Burntisland, Dysart, and Kinghoru.

Tlieeounty of Forfar, in-! elusive of all j burghs situ-j ated therein j except the county of the city of Dundee and the burghs

One

One

Two

One

Eastern

Western

The Cupar and St. Andrews County Districts, inclusive of all burghs situated therein, together with the burgh of Leven and so much of the Kirkcaldy County District as is contained within the extra-burglml portion of the parish of Scoonie and the parish of Kenuoway.

The Dunfermline County District, inclusive of all burghs situated therein except in so far as included in the Dunfermline District of Burghs, together with so much of the Kirkcaldy County District, inclusive of all burghs situated therein, as is included neither in the Eastern Division nor in the Dunfermline and Kirkcaldy Districts of Burghs.

Ee 2

408

Ch. 64.

Representation of the People Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part II — continued.

PARLIAMENTARY COUNTIES —

(3) Scotland — continued.

Name of Parliamentary County.

Contents of Parliamentary County.

Total Number of Members for Parliamentary County.

Names of Divisions of Parliamentary County.

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Forfar — cont.

Galloway -

of Montrose. Arbroath, Brechin, and Forfar.

The counties of Kirkcudbright and Wigtown, inclusive of all burghs situated therein.

One

Inverness and The counties Boss and of Inverness Cromarty, and Ross and Cromarty, inclusive of all burghs situated therein.

Three

Lanark

The county of Lanark, inclusive of all burghs situated therein except the county of the city of Glasgow and so much of the burgh of Renfrew as is contained withiD the parish I of Govan.

Seven

Inverness -

Ross and Cromarty.

Western

Isles.

Bothwell -

Coatbridge Hamilton -

Lanark

The county of Inverness, inclusive of all burghs situated therein, except in so far as contained within the Western Isles Division.

The county of Ross and Cromarty, inclusive of all burghs situated therein, except in so far as contained within the Western Isles Division.

So much of the county of Ross and Cromarty as is contained within the Lews County District, inclusive of the burgh of Stornoway, together with so much of the county of Inverness as is contained within the Harris County District, the North Uist County District, and the South Uist County District.

The part of the Middle Ward County District which is contained within the parishes of Old Monkland and Bothwell, exclusive of all burghs or portions of burghs situated therein.

The burghs of Coatbridge and Airdrie.

The burgh of Hamilton and the part of the Middle Ward County District which is contained within the extra-burghal portion of the parish of Hamilton and the parish of Dalserf.

The Upper Ward County District, inclusive of all burghs situated therein, together with the part of the Middle Ward County District which is contained within the parishes of

1018.

409

Name of Parliamentary Comity.

Lanark — cant.

Linlithgow -

Midlothian and Peebles.

Representation of the People Act, 1918. On. 64.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part II. —

PARLIAMENTARY COUNTIES —

(3) Scotland — continued.

Contents of Parliamentary County.

Total Number of Members for Parliamentary County.

Names of Divisions of Parliamentary County.

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Lanark — cont.\ Avondale, East Killuide, Glassford, | and Stonehouse.

Motherwell The burghs of Motherwell and Wishaw, together with the part of the Middle Ward County District which is contained within the extra-burghal portion of the parish of Dahsiel.

Northern - The parts of the Lower Ward and Middle Ward County Districts which are contained within the parishes of Glasgow, Cadder, New Monkland, Shotts, and Cambusnethau, exclusive of any burghs or portions of burghs situated therein.

Rutherglen The burgh of Rutherglen and the parts of the Lower Ward and Middle Ward County Districts which are contained -within the parishes of Car-munnock, Cambuslang, and Blantyre, and the extra-burghal portion of the parish of Rutherglen.

The county of Linlith- 1 One —

gow, inclusive of all

burghs situated therein. The counties of Midlothian and Two Northern -

Peebles, inclusive of

all burghs situated Peebles and

therein, ex- Southern.

cept the county of the city of Edinburgh and the

burghs of Leith and Musselburgh. 1

The Calder and Suburban County Districts, the burgh of Dalkeith, and that part of the Lass wade County District which is included in the extra-burghal portions of the parishes of Dalkeith and Inveresk.

The county of Peebles with all the burghs situated therein, and the Gala Water and Lasswade County Districts of Midlothian (except that part of the latter district which is included in the Northern Division as above) with all burghs situated therein except the burghs of Dalkeith and Musselburgh.

410

Ch. 64. Representation of the People Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part II

PARLIAMENTARY COUNTIES — __________(3) Scotland — continued.

Name of Parliamentary County. Contents of Parliamentary County. Total Number of Members for Parliamentary County. Names of Divisions of Parliamentary County. j Contents or Boundaries of Divisions. 1 i 1 1 I

Moray and Nairn. The counties of Elgin and Nairn, inclusive of all burghs situated therein. One

Orkney and Zetland. The counties of Orkney and Zetland, inclusive of all burghs situated therein. One 1

Perth and Kinross. The counties of Perth and Kinross, inclusive of all burghs situated therein. Two Kinross and Western. The county of Kiuross, inclusive of the burgh of Kinross, together*with so much of the county of Perth as is contained within the Central, Highland and Western County Districts, inclusive of all burghs situated therein.

Perth So much of the county of Perth as is contained within the Eastern or Blairgowrie and Perth County Districts, inclusive of the city of Perth and all burghs situated within the said county districts.

Renfrew The county of Renfrew, inclusive of all burghs situated therein, except the burghs of Greenock and Paisley, together with so much of the burgh of Renfrew as is contained Two Eastern W estern - 1 The Upper County District, inclusive of ail burghs situated therein, except the burghs of Paisley and Johnstone, together with so much of the burgh of Renfrew as is contained within the parish of Govan in the county of Lanark. The Lower County District, inclusive of all burghs situated therein, except the burgh of Greenock, together with the burgh of Johnstone.

1918.

411

Representation of the People, 1918. Cfl. 64.

NINTH SCHEDULE — Part II

PARLIAMENTARY COUNTIES —

_(3) Scotland — cordirm^_

Name of; Parliamentary County. Contents of Parliamentary County. Total Number of Members for Parliamentary County. Names of Divisions of Parliamentary County. Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Renfrew — cont. Roxburgh and within the parish of Go van in the county of Lanark. The counties One

Selkirk. Stirling and of Roxburgh and Selkirk, inclusive of all burghs situated therein. The counties Two Clackman- The county of Clackmannan, in-

Clackman- of Stirling nan and clusive of all burghs situated therein,

nan. and Clack- Eastern. together with the Eastern County

mannan, inclusive of all burghs situated therein, except the burghs of Stirling, Falkirk and Grange-month. Western District of the county of Stirling, exclusive of the burghs of Falkirk and Grangemouth. The Central and Western County Districts of the county of Stirling, inclusive of all burghs situated therein, but exclusive of the burgh of Stirling.

Part IH

UNIVERSITIES.

Description of University Constituency.

Number of Member*.

England and Wales:—

The University of Oxford -

The University of Cambridge - The University of London -

The University of Wales -

The University of Durham, the Victoria University of Manchester, the University of Liverpool, the University of Leeds, the University of Sheffield, the University of Birmingham, and the University of Bristol *

Scotland: —

The University of St. Andrews, the University of Glasgow, the University of Aberdeen, and the University of Edinburgh

2

2

1

1

2

3

412

Boroughs to cease to have separate representation.

Boroughs to have altered boundaries.

Counties to have number of members reduced.

Counties to have wholly new divisions or altered boundaries with consequential alteration in adjacent divisions.

Ch. 65. Redistribution of Seats (7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Act, 1918.

CHAPTER 65.

An Act to provide for the Redistribution of Seats at Parliamentary Elections in Ireland and for purposes-connected therewith.

[6th February 1918.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Each of the parliamentary boroughs named in the First Schedule to this Act shall cease to have separate representation.

2. — (1) The contents and boundaries of each of the parliamentary boroughs named in the Second Schedule to this Act and of the divisions thereof shall, for all purposes of and relating to parliamentary elections, be as specified in that schedule, and each of those boroughs shall return the number of members specified opposite thereto in the said schedule.

(2) — (a) Each of the parliamentary boroughs named in Part I. of the Second Schedule to this Act shall be divided into the divisions specified in that Part, and each such division shall return one member.

(6) The divisions of each of the parliamentary boroughs named in Part I. of the Second Schedule to this Act existing at the time of the passing of this Act for the purpose of parliamentary elections shall cease.

3. Each of the parliamentary counties named in the Third Schedule to this Act shall return one member and no more, and the divisions of each of those counties existing at the time of the passing of this Act for the purposes of parliamentary elections shall cease.

4. — (1) The contents and boundaries of each of the parliamentary counties named in the Fourth Schedule to this Act and of the divisions thereof shall, for all purposes of and relating to parliamentary elections, be as specified in that schedule, and each of those counties shall return the number of members specified opposite thereto in the said schedule.

(2) — (a) Each of the parliamentary counties named in Part I. of the Fourth Schedule to this Act shall be divided into the divisions specified in that Part, and each such division shall return one member.

(b) The divisions of each of the parliamentary counties named in the Fourth Schedule to this Act existing at the passing of this Act for the purposes of parliamentary elections shall cease.

(3) For the purpose of making the alterations in certain divisions of adjacent parliamentary counties which are consequential on the alterations of boundaries made under this Act,

1918.

Redistribution of Seats ()

Act, 1918. Ch. 65.

413

each of the divisions named in the second column of the Fifth Schedule shall consist of the area described in the third column of that schedule and the boundaries of each of the said divisions shall be altered accordingly.

5. — (1) Each of the universities mentioned in the Sixth New uuiver-Schedule to this Act shall be a separate parliamentary constituency returning one member to parliament.

(2) For the purposes of the application to the university constituencies named in the Sixth Schedule to this Act, of the provisions with respect to elections for university constituencies contained in the Representation of the People Act,

1918, the returning officer, in the case of the Queen’s University of Belfast, shall be the President of the University, and, in the case of the National University of Ireland shall be the Vice-Chancellor of the University.

6. The areas mentioned in the second and last columns of Dates of Part I. of the Second and Fourth Schedules to this Act, and in

the second column of Part II. of those Schedules, and in the last purposes of column of the Fifth Schedule to this Act, shall be taken to be •cheduies. these areas as constituted on the first day of January, nineteen hundred and eighteen:Provided that any misnomer or inaccurate description of any of those areas in those columns shall not in any way prevent or abridge the operation of this Act with respect to the subject of the description if it is so designated as to be commonly understood.

7. If any doubt arises as to the parliamentary borough or Removal of county, or division of a parliamentary borough or county in doubts-which any parish, townland, ward, or other place, whether

larger or smaller than a parish, townland, or ward, is intended by any of the schedules to this Act to be included that doubt shall be determined by the Local Government Board for Ireland.

8. The council having power to divide a parliamentary Alteration of county or parliamentary borough into polling districts shall, not

later than one month after the passing of this Act, take into necessary, consideration the division of such county or borough into polling districts, and make any re-arrangement of those districts and of polling places which it appears necessary to make as a consequence of alterations effected by this Act.

9. This Act shall come into operation on the passing thereof Commonce-or. if the Representation of the People Act, 1918, has not then mem of_Act-passed, on the passing of that Act: Provided that nothing in 8 c?eo* c-64 this Act shall affect any parliamentary register for the time

being in force, or any parliamentary elections, or the constitution of the House of Commons, until Parliament is first dissolved or ceases to have continuance after the first register to be prepared under the Representation of the People Act, 1918, comes into force.

414

Ch. 65.

Construction and short title.

Sections 1.

Sections 2, 6.

Redistribution of Seats (Ireland)

Act, 1918.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

10. — (1) This Act shall be construed as one with the Representation of the People Act, 1918.

(2) This Act may be cited as the Redistribution of Seats (Ireland) Act, 1918.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Parliamentary Boroughs to cease to have Separate Representation.

Galway.

Kilkenny.

Newry.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Parliamentary Boroughs to have altered Boundaries.

Part I.

Boroughs with Additional Members.

Name of Parliamentary Borough. Contents of Parliamentary Borough. Total Number of Members for Parlia- j mentary j Borough, j Names of Divisions of Parliamentary Borough. Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Belfast - The county borough of Belfast. Nine Cromac Duncairn The Cromac and Windsor Municipal Wards of the borough., The Duncairn Municipal Ward of the borough and the part of the Clifton Municipal Ward of the borough which lies to the north and east of a line commencing at a point in the western boundary of the ward opposite the middle of Old Park Road proceeding along the middle of Old Park Road to its junction with Mount-view Street, thence along the middle of Mountview Street to its junction with Manor Street, thence northwards along the

1918.

Redistribution of Seats (Ireland)

Act, 1918.

SECOND SCHEDULE —

Ch. 65.

415

Name of Parliamentary Borough.

Contents of Parliamentary Borough.

Belfast — ctmt.

Total Number of Members for Parliamentary Borough.

Dimcairn —

coni.

Names of Divisions of Parliamentary Borough.

Fails

Ormeau Pottinger St. Anne's -

Shankill

Victoria

Woodvale

Dublin

- The county borough of Dublin.

Seven

Clontarf

College Green

Dublin Harbour.

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

middle of Manor Street to its junction with Clif-tonville Road, thence south-eastwards along the middle of Clifton-ville Road to the ward boundary in Dnncairn Street.

The Falls and Smithfield Municipal Wards of the borough.

The Ormeau Municipal Ward of the borough.

The Pottinger Municipal Ward of the borough.

The St. Anne's and St. George’s Municipal Wards of the borough.

The Shankill Municipal Ward of the borough and the part of the said Clifton Ward which is not included in the Dun-cairn Division.

The Dock and Victoria Municipal Wards of the borough.

The Court and Woodvale Municipal Wards of the borough.

The Clontarf East, Clontarf West, and Drum-condra Municipal Wards of the borough, and the part of the Mountjoy Municipal Ward of the borough which is not included in the Dublin Harbour Division.

The Inns’ Quay, North City. Rotunda, and South City Municipal Wards of the borough.

The North Dock Municipal Ward of the borough, the part of each of the South Dock and Trinity Municipal Wards of the tarough which is not in the 8t. Stephen’s Green Division, and the part of the said Mountjoy Ward which lies to the east and south of a line drawn continuously along the middle of Parnell Street, Summer Hill, and Summer Hill Parade to the middle of the

416

Ch. 65.

Redistribution of Seats ()

Act, 1918.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

SECOND SCHEDULE —

Name of Parliamentary Borough. Contents of Parliamentary Borough. Trial Number of Members for Parliamentary Borough. Names of Divisions of Parliamentary Borough. Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Dublin — 1 Dublin Harbour — cant. St. James’s - 8t. Michan’s- St. Patrick’s- St. Stephen’s Green. North Wall Extension of the Midland Great Western Railway, and thence in a south-easterly direction along the middle of that railway to the ward boundary, The New Kilmainbatn and Usher's Quay Municipal Wards of the borough. The Arran Quay and Glasnevin Municipal Wards of the borough. The Merchants' Quay and Wood Quay Municipal Wards of the borough. The Fitzwilliam, Mansion House, and Royal Exchange Municipal Wards of the borough, and the part of each of the Raid South Dock and Trinity Wards which lies to the south of a line drawn along the middle of Great Brunswick Street.

Part II.

Borough with unaltered Representation.

Name of Parliamentary Borough. Contents of Parliamentary Borough. Number of Members for Parliamentary Borough.

Waterford The county borough of Waterford and the part of the rural district of Waterford No. 1 which consists of the district electoral divisions of Ballynakill, Kil-barry, Killoteran, and Waterford Rural. One.

1918.

Redistribution of Seats (Ireland)

Act, 1918.

Ch 65.

417

THIRD SCHEDULE. section 3.

Counties with unaltered Boundaries to lose One Member.

King’s County.

Leitrim.

Longford.

Louth.

Queen's County. Westmeath.

FOURTH SCHEDULE. section. 4, 6.

Part I.

Counties with wholly New Divisions.

Name of Parliamentary County.

Down -

Contents of Parliamentary County.

Total N umber of Members for Parliamentary County.

Names of Divisions of Parliamentary County.

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

The administrative county of Down.

Five

East Down

The rural district of Downpatrick, exclusive of the district electoral divisions of Ballyna-hinch, Kilmore, and Leggy go wan; the part of the rural district of Kilkeel which consists of the district electoral divisions of Bryansford, Fofanny, and Maghera; and the part of the rural district of Banbridge which consists of the district electoral divisions of Ballyward, Crossgar, and Leitrim.

Mid Down

- The rural districts of Castlereagh and Hillsborough; the part of the rural district of New-townards which consists of the district electoral divisions of Ballygowan, Bally maglnff, Kilraood, Mcneyreagh, and Tully-nakill; the part of the rural district of Downpatrick which consists of the district electoral divisions of Rallyna-hinch, Kilmore, and Leg-gygowan; and the urban district of Holy wood.

Ch. 65. Redistribution of Seats (Ireland) 7 & 8 Geo'. o-

Act, 1918.

FOURTH SCHEDULE — continued.

Name of Parliamentary County. Contents of Parliamentary County. Total Number of Members for Parliamentary County. Names of Divisions of Parliamentary County.

\ Down — c+nt. North Down

South Down

West Down -

Dublin - The administrative county of Dublin. Four North Dublin

' i South Dublin

i 1 I t:1 I i Pembroke

1 .:' Rathmines -

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

The part of the rural district of Newtownards which is not included in the Mid Down Division, and the urban districts of Bangor, Donaghadee, and Newtownards.

The rural district of Newry No. 1: the part of the rural district of Kilkeel which is not included in the Bast Down Division; and the urban districts of Newcastle, Newry, and War-renpoint.

The rural district of Moira; the part of the rural district of Ban-bridge which is not included in the East Down Division; and the urban districts of Banbridge and Dromore.

The rural districts of Bnl-rothery (including the town of Balbriggan), Celbridge No. 3, and North Dublin, and the part of the rural district of South Dublin which consists of the district electoral divisions of Clondalkin. Palmerston, and Tallaght.

The part of the rural district of Rathdown No. 1 which is not included in the Pembroke Division, and the urban districts of Blackrock, Dal key, Killiney, and Ballybrack, and Kingstown.

The urban district of Pembroke, the part of the rural district of Rath-down No. 1 which consists of the district electoral divisions uf Dun-drum and Milltown, and the part of the rural district of South Dublin which is not included in the North Dublin and Rathmines Divisions.

The urban district of Rath-mines and Rathgar, and the part of the rural district of Scut h Dublin

1918.

Redistribution of Seats ()

Act, 1918.

FOURTH SCHEDULE —

Ch. 65.

419

Name of Parliamentary County.

Dublin — cont. Galway -

Kilkenny

Tyrone -

Contents of Parliamentary County. Total Number of Members for Parliamentary County. Names of Divisions of Parliamentary County. i

i J Kathmines - \

cunt. j

The adminis- Four 1 Connemara -

trative county of Galway.

i

East Galwaj

North Galway South Galway

The administrative county of Kilkenny.

The administrative county of Tyrone.

Two i North

1 Kilkenny.

South

Kilkenny.

Three ' North East Tyrone.

i

Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

which consists of the district electoral division of Terenure.

The rural districts of Clif-den and Oughterard, the part of the rural district of Galway which consists of the district electoral divisions of Barna, Furbogh, Kilcummin, Killanuin, Moycullen, Selerna, Slieveaneena, Spiddle. and Tullokyne, anil the urban district of Galway.

The rural districts of Bal-linasloc No. 1, Mount-bellew, and Portumna, the part of the rural district of Loughrea which consists of the district electoral divisions of Cappalusk, Cloonkeen, Colmanstown, Graig-abbey, Grange, Killimor, and Tiaquin. and the urban district of Ballin-Hsloe.

The rural districts of Glennamaddy and Tuam.

The rural district of Gort, the part of the rural district of Galway which is not included in the Connemara Division, and the part of the rural district of 'Loughrea which is not included in the East Galway Division.

The rural districts of Cas*-tlecomer, Kilkenny, and Urlingford No. 1, and the municipal borough of Kilkenny.

The rural districts of Cal-lan, Carrick - on - Suir No. 3, Ida. Thomastown, and Waterford No. 2.

The part of the rural dis-tiict of Cookstown which is not included in the South Tyrone Division, the part of the rural district of Dungannon which consistsnf the district electoral divisions of Altmore. Meenagh, and Mountjoy, the part of the rural district of Omagn

Ch. 65. Redistribution of Seats ()7 &8 Geo. 5.

Act, 1918.

FOURTH SCHEDULE — continued.

Name of Parliamentary County. Content* of Parliamentary County. Total Number of Members for Parliamentary County. Names of Divisions of Parliamentary County. Contents or Boundaries of Divisions.

Tyrone — cont. i j 1 North East Tyrone--cont. North West Tyrone. i South Tyrone which is not included in the North West Tyrone and South Tyrone Divisions. and the urban districts of Cookstown and Omagh. The rural districts of Cas-tledcrg, Strabane No. 1. and Trillick, the part of the rural district of Omagh which eon-ists of the district electoral divisions of Camderry, Clana began, Dromore, Drumquin, Ureenan, Lisnacreaght, Moyle, Mullagharn, and Tully-clunagh, and the urban district of Strabane. The rural district of C!og-hcr, t he part of the rural district of Cookstown which consists of the district electoral divisions of The Sandholes ami Stewartatown, the part of the rural district of Dungannon which is not included in the North East Tyrone Division, the part of the rural district of Omagh which consists of the district electoral divisions of Carryglass, Derrybard, Dervaghroy, Draught on, Fallaghearn, Fintona, Seskinore, and Tatty-moyle, and the urban district of Dungannon.

Part H.

County with altered Boundaries and reduced

Representation.

Name of Number of

-1 Parliamentary County. Contents of Parliamentary County. Members for Parliamentary County.

Waterford The administrative county of Waterford, exclusive of the part thereof comprised in the parliamentary borough of Waterford. One.:I

1918.

Redistribution of Seats (Ireland)

Act, 1918. Ch. 65.

FIFTH SCHEDULE.

Counties with one Altered Division.

Name of Name of Division

Parliamentary of Parliamentary Contents of altered Division.

County. County.

Antrim - - t South Antrim - i The part of the existing South Antrim

I I Division which is comprised in the

(| administrative county of Antrim, to-

gether with the part of the administra-1 j tive county which is comprised in the

existing East Down Division of the

! parliamentary county of Down.

Armagh - -, South Armagh - The part of the existing South Armagh

I Division which is comprised in the j administrative county of Armagh.

Clare - -, East Clare - ] The existing East Clare Division, to-

| gether with the part of the existing

: I South Galway Division of the parliamentary county of Galway which is

I comprised in the administrative county of Clare.

Mayo - - South Mayo - j The existing South Mayo Division, to-

' gether with the part of the existing Connemara Division of the parliamen-J I tary county of Galway which is com-

I I prised in the administrative county of

I Mayo.

Roscommon - South Roscom- | The existing South Roscommon Divi-! mon. ‘ sion (exclusive of the part which is

' comprised in the administrative county of Galway), together with the part of the existing North Galway Division of

! the parliamentary comity of Galway

which is comprised in the administra-

I ! tive county of Roscommon.

Tipperary - East Tipperary - The existing East Tipperary Division, j | together with the part of the existing

I ' East Waterford Division of the parliamentary county of Waterford which is comprised in the administrative county I I of Tipperary.

Wexford - | South Wexford- The existing South Wexford Division, j i together with the part of the existing

j South Kilkenny Division of the par-

i liamentary county of Kilkenny which

is comprised in the administrative 1 county of Wexford.

Wicklow - i East Wicklow - | The existing East Wicklow Division,

together with the part of the existing (South Dublin Division of the parliamentary county of Dublin which is j | comprised in the administrative county

of Wicklow.

Ff

421

Sections 4(3), «.

422

Section 5.

Repeal of s. 3 (3) of

5 & 6 Geo. B. c. 104.

6 & 7 Geo. 6. c. 15.

Power of Director-General of National Service to withdraw exemption

Ch. 65, 66. Redistribution of Seats ()7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Act, 1918.

SIXTH SCHEDULE.

Additional University Constituencies.

Name of University.

Number of Members.

The Queen’s University of Belfast .... One.

The National University of Ireland .... One.

CHAPTER 66.

An Act to repeal subsection (3) of section three of the Military Service Act, 1916, and to provide for the cancellation of certificates of exemption from military service granted on occupational grounds.

[6th February 1918.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Subsection (3) of section three of the Military Service Act, 1916, as amended by section six of the Military Service Act, 1916 (Session 2), is hereby repealed, and accordingly the Military Service Acts, 1916 and 1917, shall, as respects any man whose certificate of exemption for any reason ceases or has ceased (whether before or after the passing of this Act) to be in force, have effect as though the provisions repealed by this section were not included in those Acts.

2. — (1) The Director-General of National Service may at any time by order withdraw any certificate of exemption from military service to which this section applies as from such date, not being less than fourteen days after the date of the order, as may be specified in the order, and as from that date any certificate to which the order applies shall cease to be in force.

(2) This section applies to any certificate of exemption from the provisions of the Military Service Acts, 1916 and 1917, whether granted before or after the passing of this Act, and whether granted by a tribunal or by or under the authority of a Government Department, where the certificate was granted or renewed on occupational grounds, and also applies to any certificate so granted or renewed on such grounds to a man who has voluntarily attested, notwithstanding that the certificate has not statutory force.

1918.

Military Service Act, 1918. Ch. 66.

423

(3) An order under this section may be made applicable either to individual certificates granted by Government departments, or to certificates granted to any class or body of men specified in the order (whether or not dependent on the obtaining by those men of individual certificates), or to certificates granted to men of any class or description specified in the order, and, as respects any class or body of men or men of any class or description, may be made applicable only to men falling within such limits of age or fulfilling such other conditions as may be specified in the order, and may contain sach exceptions and supplemental provisions as the Director-General thinks fit, including giving the right of making an application to a tribunal in exceptional cases.

An order under this section may be revoked, extended, or varied, by a further order of the Director-General, as occasion requires.

(4) Where and so long as an order under this section is in force, then except as otherwise expressly provided by the order —

(a) no application shall be entertained for the grant or

renewal of a certificate, and no certificate shall be granted or renewed where the certificate, if it had been operative at the time at which the order was made, would have come within the terms of the order; and

(b) no application shall be made by or in respect of a man

whose certificate comes within the terms of the order for the renewal of the certificate except on grounds which are not occupational, or for the grant of any certificate on occupational grounds, and no such application if already made shall be proceeded with, and no certificate shall be renewed or granted on any such application,

and any certificate granted or renewed in contravention of the foregoing provisions shall be invalid, but save as aforesaid nothing in this section shall affect any right of a man, whether unattested or attested, whose certificate has been withdrawn under this Act to apply for a renewal of his certificate which he would have had if this Act had not been passed.

(5) An order under this section (other than an order applicable to an individual certificate) shall be laid on the table of both Houses of Parliament as soon as may be after it is made, and if either of those Houses within fourteen days after the order has been so laid presents an address to His Majesty praying that the order, or any part thereof, should be annulled, His Majesty in Council may annul the order or such part thereof, and it shall thenceforth be void without prejudice to the validity of anything done in pursuance thereof: Provided

that section one of the Rules Publication Act, 1893, shall not 56 \ r.7 Vict, apply to an order made under this section. c-6

eg

424 Ch. 66, 67. Military Service Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

(6) Where an order under this section applicable to an individual certificate is made, notice thoreof shall be served on the man affected thereby and may be served by sending it to him by registered post to his last known address.

(7) For the purposes of this section a certificate shall be deemed to have been granted or renewed on occupational grounds which was granted or renewed wholly or partly on any of the grounds specified in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section two of the Military Service Act, 1916, or (in the case of voluntarily attested men) on any similar grounds, or which, in either case, was granted or renewed by or under the authority of any Government Department; and if any question arises whether a certificate was granted or renewed on occupational grounds, the question shall be referred to the Director-General, whose decision thereon shall be final.

[Short title and

3. This Act may be cited as the Military Service Act, 1918, citation. an(j the Military Service Acts, 1916 and 1917, and this Act shall be construed together and may be cited together as the Military Service Acts, 1916 to 1918.

CHAPTER 67.

Prohibition against dealing in certain metals and ores without a licence.

An Act to restrict temporarily the persons who may engage in business connected with certain non-ferrous metals and metallic ores.

[6th February 1918.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) It shall not be lawful for any company, firm, or individual after the expiration of six months from the passing of this Act, or such longer period as the Board of Trade may generally or in any particular case allow, to carry on the business of winning, extracting, smelting, dressing, refining, or dealing by way of wholesale trade, in metal or metallic ore to which this Act applies, unless licensed to do so by the Board of Trade, such licence to be in the form set out in the Second Schedule to this Act:

Provided that the purchase or sale of metal shall not be deemed to be dealing in such metal where such purchase or sale is incidental only to the trade carried on by the purchaser or seller:

Provided also that no licence shall be required when the winning, extracting, smelting, dressing, refining, or dealing is carried on wholly outside the Tnited Kingdom.

(2) In the case of a company, firm, or individual with respect to which any of the conditions set forth in the First Schedule to this Act apply, or which is controlled by a company.

1918.

Non-Ferrous Metal Industry Aet, 1918. Ch. 67.

425

firm, or individual in respect of which any such conditions apply, no licence shall be granted unless the Board of Trade are of opinion that the grant of a licence is expedient, but save as aforesaid any company, firm, or individual carrying on or proposing to carry on such business as aforesaid shall on making application in the prescribed manner, and on furnishing such information and allowing inspection of such books and documents as may be reasonably required, and on payment of the prescribed fee, which shall not exceed one guinea, be entitled to a licence under this Act.

(3) A licence under this Act shall remain in force unless and until it is suspended or revoked.

(4) The Board of Trade, if satisfied by evidence not before them at the time when the licence was granted that such company, linn, or individual is, or has become, subject to any of the conditions set forth in the First Schedule to this Act, or, in the case of a company, firm, or individual to which a licence has been granted notwithstanding that it is subject to any such conditions as aforesaid, that it is expedient that the licence should be revoked or suspended, may revoke or suspend the licence.

(5) If any question arises between the Board of Trade and any company, firm, or individual —

(a) as to whether or not the business carried on by the

company, firm, or individual is such as to require a licence under this Act; or

(b) as to whether or not any of the conditions set forth

in the First Schedule of this Act apply in respect of the company, firm, or individual; or

(c) as to whether or not the company, firm, or individual

is controlled by a company, firm, or individual in respect of which any such conditions apply; or

(d) as to the requirements of the Board of Trade for the

production of books or documents for inspection,

the question shall, subject to rules of court, be referred by the Board of Trade to the High Court for determination, and the decision of a Divisional Court of the King’s Bench Division on any such reference shall be final, and no appeal therefrom shall lie to any other Court.

(6) Where at the expiration of the said six months or longer period allowed by the Board of Trade proceedings on any such application are pending in the High Court, the Court shall, on application being made for the purpose, extend the said period of six months or longer period as respects that company, firm, or individual for such period as may be necessary to allow the question to be determined by the Court, and where the application is made with reference to the suspension or revocation of a licence the licence shall not be suspended or revoked until the question has been determined by the Court.

(7) The Board of Trade shall publish in the prescribed manner the name of any company, firm, or individual to whom

426

Ch. 67. Non-Femous Metal Industry Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Power to require information and inspection of occuments.

Offences.

a licence has been granted under this Act or whose licence has been suspended or revoked.

(8) References in this section to the High Court shall in relation to Scotland be construed as references to the Court of Session, and the reference to a Divisional Court of the King’s Bench Division shall be construed as a reference to a division of the Court of Session.

2. The Board of Trade shall have power at any time to require the applicant for a licence or a licensee, or any person who, being a director, partner, manager, or officer of, or the holder of, or a person interested in, shares or securities of, any company, or firm, which has applied for the grant of a licence, or to which a licence has been granted under this Act, or by which the applicant or licensee is controlled, or being the manager of the business carried on by an individual applicant or licensee, is able to give any information as tq the constitution control or management of the company or firm, or the business carried on by the company, firm, or individual, or the beneficial interest of any person in such business, or in any shares or securities of the company or firm, to furnish such information within such time as the Board may direct, and for the purpose of obtaining or verifying such information any person appointed by the Board in that behalf shall be entitled to inspect any books and documents belonging to or under the control of such company, firm, or individual, the inspection of which may reasonably be required for the purpose aforesaid.

3. — (1) If any person carries on the business of winning, extracting, smelting, dressing, refining, or dealing in any metal or metallic ore in contravention of this Act without a licence, he shall, on an information being laid by or on behalf of the Board of Trade, be liable on summary conviction to imprisonment with or without hard labour for a term not exceeding three months, or to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds for each day during which the offence continues, or to both such imprisonment and fine:

Provided that the provision as to informations being laid by or on behalf of the Board of Trade shall not apply to Scotland.

(2) If any person refuses or neglects to furnish any information which under this Act is required to be furnished within the time within which it is to be furnished, or knowingly furnishes any information required to be furnished under this Act which is false in any material particular, or having custody of any book or document which a person is authorised to inspect under this Act, refuses or wilfully neglects to produce the book or document for inspection, or forges or fraudulently altera or uses or permits to be fraudulently used any licence issued under this Act, he shall be liable on summary conviction to imprisonment with or without hard labour for a term not exceeding three months, or to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or to both such imprisonment and fine.

1918.

Non-Ferrous Metal Industry, 1918. Ch. 67.

127

(3) Where the person guilty of an offence under this Act is a company, every director, manager, secretary, and other officer of the company who is knowingly a party to the default, shall also be guilty of the like offence, and liable to the like punishment.

4. — (1) A company carrying on any business to which section one of this Act applies, which has issued share warrants to bearer, may give notice requiring the holders of the share warrants to surrender their warrants for cancellation and to have their names entered in the register.

(2) The notice shall be given by advertisement in the London, Edinburgh, or Dublin Gazette, as the case may be, and by any other method by which notices to, or for the information of, holders of share warrants to bearer are required to be given by the regulations of the company or the conditions of issue of the warrants.

(3) Where such a notice has been given no person shall, as holder of a share warrant, be entitled to attend or vote at any meeting of the company, and any dividends or interest which may become payable in respect of any shares represented by share warrants shall be retained by the company until the share warrants have been surrendered for cancellation.

(4) For the purposes of this Act the expression "share warrants to bearer" includes any bearer securities which confer on the holder thereof any voting power with respect to the management of the company.

5. No information as to any person or any business obtained under this Act shall be published except for the purposes of legal proceedings under this Act, and if any person knowingly publishes any information in contravention of this provision he shall be liable on summary conviction to imprisonment with or without hard labour for a term not exceeding three months, or to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or to both such imprisonment and fine.

6. The Board of Trade may make rules (subject in respect of fees to the approval of the Treasury), for prescribing anything which, under this Act, is to be prescribed, and generally for carrying this Act into effect, and such rules shall provide for excluding from dealings by way of wholesale trade within the meaning of this Act dealings in quantities below such limits as may be prescribed generally or as respects any particular metal or metallic ore:

Provided that all such rules shall be laid before each House of Parliament as soon as may be after they are made, and if an address is presented to His Majesty by either House of Parliament, within the next forty days on which that House has sat next after any such rule is laid before it, praying that the ride may be annulled, His Majesty in Council may, if it seems fit, annul the rule, and it shall thenceforth be void.

Provision as to warrants to bearer.

Provisions ai to secrecy.

Rules.

428

Ch. 67. Non-Ferrous Metal Industry Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Evidence of documents.

Dec la rut ions

Metals or ores to which Act applies.

Short title and duration.

7. All documents purporting to be documents made by the Board of Trade under this Act, and to be sealed with the seal of the Board, or to be signed by the secretary or an assistant secretary of the Board, or by any person authorised in that behalf by the President of the Board, shall be received in evidence, and shall be deemed to be such documents without further proof unless the contrary is shown.

8. — (1) A company carrying on any business to which section one of this Act applies may give notice requiring a shareholder or debenture holder to make a declaration under the Statutory Declarations Act, 1835, as to the beneficial ownership of the shares or debentures standing in his name, and as to the nationality of such beneficial owner.

(2) The notice shall be given by any method by which notices to, or for the information of, holders of shares or debentures are required to be given by the regulations of the company or the conditions of issue of the debentures.

(3) Where such a notice has been given no person shall as holder of a share be entitled to attend or vote at any meeting of the company, and any dividends or interest which may become payable in respect of any shares or debentures shall be retained by the company until the shareholder or debenture holder shall have made such declaration as aforesaid.

(4) For the purposes of this section the expressions "shares " and " debentures " include stock and debenture stock and " shareholder " and " debenture holder " have corresponding meanings.

9. The metals and ores to which this Act applies are zinc, copper, tin, lead, nickel, aluminium, and any other non-ferrous metals and ores to which this Act may be applied by order of the Board of Trade; the expression "metal " shall not include metal which has been subjected to any manufacturing process except such as may be prescribed; and the expression "ore " shall include concentrates, mattes, precipitates and other intermediate products.

10. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Non-Ferrous Metal Industry Act, 1918.

(2) This Act shall continue in force only during the continuance of the present war and for a period of five years after the termination thereof.

1918.

Non-Ferrous Metal Industry Act, 1918. Ch. 67

429

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Conditions.

1. That any director of the company or any partner of the firm, or the individual, or any manager or other principal officer employed by the company, firm, or individual, is a person who is or has been a subject of a State which is now at war with His Majesty or an enemy controlled corporation.

2. That in the case of a company, any capital of the company is or was at any time after the twelfth day of November nineteen hundred and seventeen held by or on behalf of an enemy, including any stock or shares of the company vested in the custodian by virtue of any order made under the Trading with the Enemy Acts, 1914 to 1916.

3. That the company, firm, or individual is or was at any time after the twelfth day of November nineteen hundred and seventeen party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding, which enables or enabled an enemy to influence the policy or conduct of the business.

4. That the company, firm, or individual is or ivas at any time after the twelfth day of November nineteen hundred and seventeen interested, directly or indirectly, to the extent of one-fifth or more of the capital profits or voting power in any undertaking whether or not in the United Kingdom, engaged in business of a kind to which this Act applies, in which enemies are also interested, directly or indirectly, to the extent of one-fifth or more of the capital profits or voting power.

5. That the company, firm, or individual, is by auy means whatever subject, directly or indirectly, in the conduct of their or his business to enemy influence or association.

6. That, in the case of a company, the company has issued share warrants to bearer and has not given notice under this Act requiring the holders of the share warrants to surrender their warrants for cancellation.

For the purposes of this Schedule —

The expression "enemy" means a subject of a State which is now at war with His Majesty and an enemy controlled corporation.

The expression "enemy controlled corporation" means any corporation —

(«) where the majority of the directors or the persons occupying the position of directors by whatever name called, are subjects of such a State as aforesaid; or

(b) where the majority of the voting power is in the hands of persons who are subjects of such a State as aforesaid, or who exercise their voting powers directly or indirectly on behalf of persons who are subjects of such a State as aforesaid; or

Section 1,

---

430 Ch. 67. Non-Ferrous Metal Industry Act, 1918. 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Section 1 (I).

(c) where the control is by any means whatever in the hands of persons who are subjects of such a State as aforesaid; or

(d) where the executive is an enemy controlled corporation or where the majority of the executive are appointed by an enemy controlled corporation.

The expression "capital" in relation to a company means any shares or securities issued by the company which carry, or would, if the necessary formalities were complied with, carry any voting power with respect to the management of the company, and shall also include debentures and debenture stock and money lent to the company.

[Section 1 (1).]

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Form of Licence.

(Name of company, firm, or individual)

of

is hereby licensed under the Non-Ferrous Metal Industry Act, 1918, to carry on the business of winning, extracting, smelting, dressing, refining, and dealing by way of wholesale trade in the metals or metallic ores to which the said Act applies.

By Order of the Board of Trade.

A.D. 1917. Local Acts. 431

TABLE II.

A

TABLE

OF

The Titles of the Local and Private Acts (including the Public Acts of a Local Character) passed during the Session (arranged according to Chapter).

7 & 8 GEORGE 5. — A.D. 1917.

LOCAL ACTS.

The Titles to which the Letter P. is prefixed are Public Acts of a Local Character.

Royal Assent, 17th May 1917.

P. i. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1914 relating to the Ramsey First Hollow Drainage District. (Land Drainage (Ramsey) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

ii. An Act to amend the capital powers of the West Kent Electric Company Limited and for other purposes. (West Kent Electric Power.)

Royal Assent, 24th May 1917.

iii. An Act to authorise the Mansfield Railway Company to raise further capital and for other purposes. (Mansfield Railway.)

iv. An Act to confer further powers upon the South Staffordshire Mond Gas (Power and Heating) Company. (South Staffordshire Mond Gas (Power and Heating) Company's.)

v. An Act to amend the Yorkshire Registries Act 1884 in its application to the North Riding of the County of York. (Yorkshire Registries (North Riding) Amendment.)

vi. An Act for enabling the Aluminium Corporation Limited to arrange for the extinction of its participating shares and for issuing preference stock in satisfaction of such shares and for other purposes. (Aluminium Corporation (Conversion of Shares).)

P. vii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State under the Provisional Order (Marriages) Act 1905. (Provisional Order (Marriages) Confirmation.)

P. viii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the School Board of Perth. (Perth School Board Order Confirmation.)

Royal Assent, 10th July 1917.

P. ix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the King’s County and the Rural District of Newry No. 1. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation.)

P. x. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Lanarkshire County Council (Water &c.). (Lanarkshire County Council (Water, &c.) Order Confirmation.)

xi. An Act to transfer to the Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Tramways Company the tramway undertaking of the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Ilkeston and for other purposes. (Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Tramways.)

xii. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Haslemere and District Gas Company. (Haslemere and District Gas.)

xiii. An Act to confer further powers upon the London Corn Exchange Company to alter the capital of the Company and for other purposes. (London Corn Exchange.)

xiv. An Act to rearrange the capital of the Lancashire Power Construction Company Limited and for other purposes. (Lancashire Power Construction Company Limited.)

xv. An Act to authorise the Hemel Hempsted District Gas Company to raise additional capital to extend the limits of supply of and to confer further powers upon that Company and for other purposes. (Hemel Hempsted District Gas.)

xvi. An Act to authorise the Lea Bridge District Gas Company to raise additional capital to confer further powers upon that Company in connexion with their undertaking and for other purposes. (Lea Bridge District Gas.)

xvii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Gas Light and Coke Company. (Gas Light and Coke Company's.)

xviii. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Kenilworth Gas Company and for other purposes. (Kenilworth Gas.)

xix. An Act to confer further powers on the lord mayor aldermen and burgesses of the county borough of Cork and the Cork Harbour Commissioners and for other purposes. (Cork Improvement.)

xxx. An Act to authorise the Bristol Waterworks Company to construct new waterworks and for other purposes. (Bristol Waterworks.)

Royal Assent, 2nd August 1917.

P. xxi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dundee Harbour and Tay Ferries. (Dundee Harbour and Tay Ferries Order Confirmation.)

P. xxii. An Act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Essex and Herts Clergy Charity in the Counties of Essex and Hertford. (Essex and Herts Clergy Charity Scheme Confirmation.)

P. xxiii. An Act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the charity called or known as the Birmingham Churches Fund in the City of Birmingham. (Birmingham Churches Fund Charity Scheme Confirmation.)

P. xxiv. An Act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charity known as the Church Lands in the Parish of St. Thomas in the City of Bristol. (Church Lands (Bristol St. Thomas) Charity Scheme Confirmation.)

P. xxv. An Act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charity consisting of the Presbyterian Church in Victoria Street in the ancient township of Crook in the ancient parish of Brancepeth in the county of Durham. (Presbyterian Church (Crook) Charity Scheme Confirmation.)

P. xxvi. An Act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of certain charities. (Baptist Chapels Scheme Confirmation.)

P. xxvii. An Act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of certain Congregational Chapels Charities. (Congregational Chapels Scheme Confirmation.)

P. xxviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1861 in the matter of a proposed drainage district in the Parish of Ewerby in the County of Lincoln (Kesteven Division). (Land Drainage (Ewerby) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

P. xxix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1914 relating to the Swaffham and Bottisham Drainage District in the County of Cambridge. (Land Drainage (Swaffham) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

P. xxx. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1861 in the matter of a proposed Drainage District in the parishes of Wistow Cawood and Selby in the West Riding of the County of York. (Land Drainage (Wistow) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

P. xxxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 to 1909 relating to Epsom Rural District (Extension) Featherstone Garforth Horbury Otley Penistone and Rawdon. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation.)

P. xxxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Stretford Gas Tonbridge Gas and Rickmansworth and Uxbridge Valley Water. (Gas and Water Provisional Orders.)

P. xxxiii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Brownies Taing and Kircubbin. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation.)

P. xxxiv. An Act to confirm a certain Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Urban District of Lisburn. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. xxxv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Brighton Eastbourne Liverpool and Wells-next-the-Sea. (Local Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. xxxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Lowestoft and the Bridport Joint Hospital District. (Local Government Boards Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

xxxvii. An Act to authorise the Urban District Council of Bedwas and Machen to provide and run omnibuses to confer further powers on the Council with respect to the supply of water and for other purposes. (Bedwas and Machen Urban District Council.)

xxxviii. An Act to confer further powers on the Seaham Harbour Dock Company. (Seaham Harbour Dock.)

xxxix. An Act to regulate the expenditure on capital account and lending of money by the London County Council during the financial period from the first day of April one thousand nine hundred and seventeen to the thirtieth day of September one thousand nine hundred and eighteen and for other purposes. (London County Council (Money).)

xl. An Act to confer further powers on the Urban District Council of Ebbw Vale in regard to their water and electricity undertakings to authorise the Council to provide and run omnibuses and to make further provision for the improvement health and good government of the district and for other purposes. (Ebbw Vale Urban District Council.)

xli. An Act to amend the Barrow-in-Furness Corporation Act 1901. (Barrow-in-Furness Corporation Water.)

xlii. An Act to confer further powers upon the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Ashton-under-Lyne with regard to their tramway and electricity undertakings to make further provision with reference to the purchase of the undertaking authorised by the Oldham Ashton-under-Lyne Hyde and District Electric Tramways Order 1896 and for other purposes. (Ashton-under-Lyne Corporation.)

xliii. An Act to confer further powers upon the North Cheshire Water Company and for other purposes. (North Cheshire Water.)

xliv. An Act to authorise the Port of London Authority to construct further works for the improvement of the Port of London and for other purposes. (Port of London.)

xlv. An Act to confer powers on the Chepstow Water Company and for other purposes. (Chepstow Water.)

xlvi. An Act to provide for the conversion of the existing capital of the Sheffield United Gaslight Company and to authorise them to raise additional capital to change the name of the Company and for other purposes. (Sheffield Gas.)

xlvii. An Act to authorise the Corporation of the city of Sheffield to construct a generating station and other works in connexion with their electricity undertaking and for other purposes. (Sheffield Corporation.)

xlviii. An Act for granting additional powers to the Colonial Bank. (Colonial Bank.)

xlix. An Act to authorise the Urban District Council of Caerphilly to provide and run omnibuses and for other purposes. (Caerphilly Urban District Council.)

l. An Act to empower the South Eastern Railway Company to alter and strengthen part of the Charing Cress Railway Bridge and for other purposes. (South Eastern and London Chatham and Dover Railways.)

Royal Assent, 21st August 1917.

li. An Act to confirm an agreement relating to the supply of electricity in the borough of Richmond (Surrey). (Richmond (Surrey) Electricity Supply.)

lii. An Act to alter the boundaries of the borough of Blackpool to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of that borough to construct additional promenades street improvements tramways and other works and for other purposes. (Blackpool Improvement.)

liii. An Act to authorise Sir W. G. Armstrong Whitworth and Company Limited to construct a branch railway in the city of Manchester and to provide for the conveyance of traffic between the works of the Company in the said city and the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway. (Sir W. G. Armstrong Whitworth and Company Limited (Railways).)

liv. An Act to authorise the construction by Levinstein Limited of a branch railway in the city of Manchester for the conveyance of traffic between their works and the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway and for other purposes. (Levinstein Limited (Railways).)

lv. An Act to amend the provisions of the Manchester Corporation Act 1911 for the protection of the Cheshire Lines Committee and for other purposes. (Cheshire Lines.)

lvi. An Act to empower the lord mayor aldermen and citizens of the city and county of Newcastle-upon-Tyne to convey to trustees for the Royal Victoria Infirmary at Newcastle-upon-Tyne for the sick and lame poor of the said city and county and of the counties of Northumberland and Durham a portion of the Castle Leazes for an extension of the said infirmary and for other purposes. (Royal Victoria Infirmary Newcastle-upon-Tyne.)

P. lvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bognor Carlisle Lytham Swansea Watford the Ormside Joint Hospital District and the District of the Aspatria Silloth and District Joint Water Board. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. lviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Glasgow Boundaries. (Glasgow Boundaries Act 1912 (Amendment) Order Confirmation.)

Royal Assent, 20th December 1917.

lix. An Act to confer further borrowing powers upon the South Staffordshire Mond Gas (Power and Heating) Company. (South Staffordshire Mond Gas (Power and Heating) Company's (No. 2).)

Royal Assent, 6th February 1918.

P. lx. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Port Glasgow Water. (Port Glasgow Water Order Confirmation.)

PRIVATE ACTS.

Not Printed.

Royal Assent, 2nd August 1917.

An Act to dissolve the marriage of William Robert Boaz with Florence Elizabeth Boaz his now wife and to enable him to marry again and for other purposes. (Boaz' Divorce.)

Royal Assent, 21st August 1917.

An Act to dissolve the marriage of Nita Martin of 1 Lincoln Place Merrion Square in the City of Dublin with Thomas Ernest Martin her husband and to enable her to marry again and for other purposes. (Martin's Divorce.)

Royal Assent, 20th December 1917.

An Act to dissolve the marriage of Lilian Margaret Aurora Parker of 191 Lauderdale Mansions Maida Vale London with James Matthew Marmaduke Parker her husband and to enable her to marry again and for other purposes. (Parker's Divorce.)

---

438 Alphabetical List of the Local and Private Acts.

[7 & 8 Geo. 5.

[Alphabetical list removed.]

A.D. 1917. Effect of Le. 441

TABLE III.

Showing the Effect of the Year’s Legislation.

ACTS OF FORMER SESSIONS (IN CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER) REPEALED OR AMENDED BY ACTS OF 7 & 8 GEO. 5.

[Short Title.]

Statute And Chapter. Subject-matter or How affected. Chapter of 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

8 Hen. 6. c. 7 - Electors of Knights of the Shires. Rep., so far as unrepealed 64, a. 47, Sch. VIII.

10 Hen. 6. c. 2 - Electors of Knights of the Shires. Rep., so far as unrepealed - 64, a. 47, Sch. VIII.

7k 8 Will. 3.C. 25 Election of Members of Parliament. S. 6. repealed 64, s. 47, Sch. VIII.

10 Anne c. 81 - Elections (Fraudulent) Conveyances. Rep., so far as unrepealed - 64, s. 47, Sch. VIII.

13 Geo. 2. c. 20 - Parliamentary Elections Rep., so far as unrepealed - 64, b. 47, Sch. VIII.

18 Geo. 2. c. 18 - Parliamentary Elections Rep., so far as unrepealed - 64, s. 47, Sch. VIII.

19 Geo. 2. c. 28 - Parliamentary Elections Rep., so far as unrepealed - 64, s. 47, Sch. VIII.

3 Geo. 3. c. 15 - Freemen (Admission) - Rep., so far as unrepealed - 64, b. 47, Sch. VIII.

SO Geo. 3. c. 17 - Parliamentary Elections Rep., so far as unrepealed - 64. s. 47, Soh. VIII.

25 Geo. 3. c. 84 - Parliamentary Elections Rep., so far as unrepealed - 64, s. 47, Sch. VIII.

33 Geo. 3. c. 64 - Parliamentary Elections Repealed .... 64, 8. 47, Soh. VIII.

53 Geo. 3. c. 49 -4 Geo. 4.: Parliamentary Elections Rep., so far as unrepealed 64, b. 47, Sch. VIII.

c. 36 Joint Tenancy (I.) Rep., so far as unrepealed - 64. s. 47, Sch. VIII.

c. 55 2 k 3 Will. 4.: Parliamentary Elections (I.) Ss. 24, 26-28 rep. - 64, s. *47, Sch. VIII.

c. 15 Representation of the People Rep. (except ss. 66, 70, and part of ss. 76, 79). 64, s. 47, Soh. VIII.

c. 65 Representation of the People (S.). Ss. 2 — 4, b-13, 2/, 28, 3o, 36 (so far as relating to town clerks and deputy town clerks being entitled to votes), 37, 40, 42, and Schs. (so far as unrepealed). 64, s. 47, Sch. VIII.

c. 88 6 & 6 Will. 4.: Representation of the People a). Rep., so far as unrepealed, except ss. 11, 12. 64, s. 47, Soh. VIII.

c. 36 Parliamentary Elections 8. 7 repealed ... 64, 8. 47, Soh. VIII.

c. 78 Representation of the People (S.). Ss. 3, 4, 9-11 rep. - 64, s. *47, Sch. VIII.

7 Will. 4. and 1 Vict. c. 26. Wills Am.; s. 11 explained and ext. 58, ss. 1-4.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 108 Municipal Corporations (1.) - Ss. 6. 8-10 rep. 64, s. 47, Soh. VIII.

* Acts continued annually by the Expiring Laws Continuance Act are not noticed in this Table.

442

Effect of Legislation.

[7 & 8 Geo. 5.

Statute and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Subject-matter or

5 & 6 Vict.:

c. n c. 79

6*7 Vict. c. 18

11 & 12 Vict. c. 90

12 13 Vict. c. 85

13 14 Vict.:

c. 57

c. 68 c. 69

14 15 Vict.:

c. 14

c. 57

15 *16 Vict. c. 23

16 17 Vict.:

c. 28

c. 58 c. 68

17 *18 Vict., c. 91 19*20 Vict. c. 58 20*21 Vict. c. 68

21 & 22 Vict. c. 106

22 *23 Vict. c. 40

24 & 25 Vict,:

c. 53

c. 60

c. 63

26*27 Vict. c. 33

University of Dublin Registration.

Railway Passenger Duty Parliamentary Voters Registration.

Parliamentary Elections

Dublin Corporation

Vestries -

Parliamentary Elections (I.) Representation of the People

(I.).

Compound Householders

Civil Bill Courts (I.) -

Meeting of Parliament

County Elections (S.) -

Dublin Parliamentary Revising.

Parliamentary Elections

Lands Valuation (S.) -

Burgh Voters Registration

Dublin Revising Barristers -

Government of India -Royal Naval Reserve (Volunteer).

University Elections -Representation of the People

(I-).

County Voters Registration

cs.>:

Revenue -

How affected.

Chapter of 7*8 Geo. 5.

Rep., so far as unrepealed -

S. 4 suspended Terms] -Rep. (except ss. 81, 82, 85-90, 93, 97, and part of 101); s. 97 rep. in part.

Repealed -

Ss. 2, 3, 5-7, 10-12 rep.

i, s. 47, VIII. s. 1. Sch.

1, s. 47, VIII. Sch.

k s. 47, VIII. Sch.

k s. 47, VIII. Sch.

8. 7 rep. in part -

Ss. 6-9, 19 rep.

Rep., so far as unrepealed (except ss. 88-97, 103, 108, 118).

64, s. 47, Sch.

VIII.

64. s. 47, Sch.

VIII.

64, s. 47, Sch.

VIII.

Repealed S. 161 repealed Repealed

64. s. 47, Sch.

VIII.

64. s. 47. Sch.

VIII.

- 64, a. 21 (3).

8s. 2, 3, 5-7 rep.

Rep., so far as unrepealed -

Ss. 4. 5 rep.:s. 1 rep. in part

S. 34 repealed ...

Rep., so far as unrepealed -

Rep., so far as unrepealed, except ss. 2, 5.

S. 4 amended

S. 5 ext. to R.N.V.R.

64. s. 47, Sch.

VIII.

64, s. 47, Sch.

VIII.

64, s. 47, Sch.

VIII.

64. s. 47, Sch.

VIII.

64, s. 47, Sch.

VIII.

64, s. 47. Sch.

VIII.

51, s. 11.

22. s. 1.

Rep., so far as unrepealed Repealed -Rep., so tar as unrepealed S. 13 suspended Terms) -

64, s. 47, Soh.

VIII.

64, s. 47. Sch.

VIII.

i 64, s. 47, Sch.

i fill

! 3, s. 1.

27 & 28 Vict.:

c. 22

c. 34

38 29 Vict. c. 36

Registration of County Voters (I.)

House of Commons (Vacation of Seats).

County Voters Registration -

29 30 Vict.:

c. 54

Revising Barristers

c. 109

Naval Discipline -

30*81 Vict. c. 102

Representation of the People

Rep., so far as unrepealed S. 1 amended

Rep., so far as unrepealed -

Rep., so far as unrepealed -S. 74 a am.

Ss. 21, 29, 53 (6), 66, 87, 88, 90 A am.

Sch. H. virt. am. -Rep. (except ss. 1, 2, 7, 37, 49 -52, 67, 59, 61, Sch. H.); s. 59 rep. in part.

64, s. 47, VIII. 51, s. 11. Sch.

64, s. 47, Sch.

VIII.

64, s. 47, Sch.

VIII.

34, s. 1. 51, 8. 7, Sch . I.

44, a 5 (1). 64, 8. 47, Sch.

VIII.

A.D. 1917. Effect of Legislation.

[Short Title.]

Statute and Chapter. 1 Subject-matter or I How affected. Chapter of 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

31 & 32 Vict.:

c. 37 Documentary Evidence - ' Ext. to Air Council; Sch. am. 51, s. 10 (5).

c. 48 Representation of the People (S.). j Sch. H. virt. am. ... Ss. 3-6, 8-14, 16-20, 22, 24, 26, 37-42, 45, 47-50, 53, 55, 56. Schs. A.D. I. rep.; s. 59 rep. in part. 44, s. 5 (1). 64, s. 47, Sch VIII.

c. 49 Representation of the People:(I.). Sch. E. virt. am. - Ss. 3-7, 14, 16, 17. 24 rep. - 44, s. 5 (1). 64, 8. 47, Sch. VIII.

c. 53 Parliamentary Electors Re- . gistration. j Rep. (except ss. 1-3, 21) 64, s. 47, 8ch. VIII.

c. 65 Universities Elections - - j Repealed .... 64, s. 47, Sch. VIII

c. 72 Promissory Oaths - - j Sch. (Part 1.) virt. am. - 44, 8.6(1).

c. 112 Registration Amendment (I.) 1 Rep. so far as unrepealed 64, s. 47, Sch. VIII.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 41 Poor Rate Assessment - | i 1 S. 10 rep.; ss. 7, 19 rep. so far as they relate to franchise and any disqualification which depends on franchise. 64. s. 47, Sch. VIII.

33 & 34 Vict.:

c. 11 Dublin Collector of Rates - Repealed .... 64, s. 47, Sch. VIII.

c. 71 National Debt ... S. 37 am. .... 81, s. 36.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 33 1 i 1 1 Ballot Act made permanent; Sch. i. am.; ss. 5, 16(5), 17(4), 18, 19 rep.: ss. 8, 25, 33, Sch. I. rep. in part. 64, ss. 21 (1), 36, 47, Schs. 11. (Part I.), VIII.

36 & 37 Vict.: i

c. 2 } Polling Districts (I.) - Rep., so far as unrepealed - 61, s. 47, Sch. VIII. 64, s. 47, Sch. VIII.

c. SO Registration of Voters (1.) - Rep., so far as unrepealed

c. 70 Revising Barristers Rep., so far as unrepealed - 64, s. *47, Sch. VIII.

37 A S^Vict. c. 53 Revising Barristers Rep., so far as unrepealed 64, s. 47, Sch. VIII.

38 A 39, Vict.:

c. 77 Supreme Court of Judicature S. 23 rep. in part - 64, s. 47, Sch. VIII.

c. 84 Parliamentary Elections (Returning Officers). Act made permanent; ss. 2-5, 7 and Schs. (except so far as they apply to elections other than parliamentary elections) rep. 64, ss. 35, 47, Sch. VIII.

39 & 40 Vict.:

c. 22 Trade Union Act Amendment S. 12 am. and explained 24, s. 1.

c. 36 Customs Consolidation Ss. 42, 163 am. 31, s. 6.

c. 61 Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment. S. 14 repealed 64, 8. 47, Sch. VIII.

40 & 41 Vict.:

c. 2 Treasury Bills S. 6 restricted ... 1, s. 3 (2). 7, s. 3 (2). 17, s. 2 (2). 33, s. 2 (2). 49. s. 2 (21. 62, s. 2 (2).

c. 25 Solicitors .... S. 6 temp. am. 43, s. 1.

c. 56 County Officers and Courts (1.). Ss. 79, 83. 84 appl. with mods. 64, s. 44 (1).

c. 57 Supreme Court of Judicature (L). S. 23 (2) rep. in part - 64. s. 47, Sch. VIII.

444 Effect of Legislation.

[7 & 8 Geo. 5

[Short Title.]

Statute and Chapter. Subject-matter or How affected. Chapter of 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

41 & 42 Vict.:

c. 3 House Occupiers Disqualifi- Repealed .... 64, s. 47, 8ch.

cation Removal. VIII.

c. 5 House Occupiers Disqualifi- Repealed .... 64, s. 47, Sch.

cation Removal (S.). VIII.

c. 26 Parliamentary and Municipal Rep. so far as unrepealed 64, b. 47, Sch.

Registration. (except 8s. 1, 2, 11-14). Act made permanent; s. 3, VIII.

c. 41 Parliamentary Elections 64, ss. 35, 47,

Returning Officers Expenses (S.). Sch. rep. Sch. VIII.

c. 52 Public Health (I.) S. 148 am. - 40, s. 1.

c. 68 Bishoprics - Act, including repealed portions, applied with mods. 57, s. 1.

c. 78 Education (S.) S. 24 repealed 64, s. 47, Sch.

VIII.

42 & 43 Vict.:

c. 10 Assessed Rates Rep. so far as it relates to 64. s. 47, Sch,

franchise and any disqualification which depends on franchise. VIII.

c. 71 Registry Courts (I.) Amend- Rep., so far as unrepealed - 64, s. 47, Sch.

ment. VIII.

43 Vict. c. 18 - Parliamentary Elections and Act made permanent - 64, s. 35.

Corrupt Practices.

43 & 44 Vict. c. 6 House Occupiers in Counties Rep., so far as unrepealed 64, s. 47, Sch.

Disqualification Removal (S-). VIII.

44 & 45 Vict.:

c. 40 Universities Elections Repealed .... 64, s. 47, Sch.

Amendment (S.). VIII.

c. 68 Army ..... Ss. 154, 163 am. ... Applied with mods, to Air Force; ss. 6 (1) (rf), 7, 13 (1) (i), 24 (3), 27 (3), 31, 32, 116, 116. 119, 121, 142, 152, 156 (1), 163 (1) (5), 175, 176, 179, 184a, 190 9, BS. 4, 5. 51, 88. 7, 12 (1), Schs.

am.

c. 68 Supreme Court of Judicature S. 14 rep. ns to appeals in 64, s. 47, Sch.

registration matters. VIII.

45 & 46 Vict.:

c. 9 Documentary Evidence Ext. to Air Council 61, s. 10 (5).

c. 50 Municipal Corporations Ss. 9, 32, 33, 42 (3), 44. 45 64, s. 47, Sch.

(1-7), 46-49, 63, 71, 76, 209 (1) (3), 244. Sch. III. VIII.

(Parts I., IV.), Sch. V. (rule 1 of Part II. so far as respects expenses of- enrolment of burgesses), Sch. VIII. (Forms C. to G. in Part II.) rep.; ss. 11 (2), 61 (2), Sch. III. (Part II.) rep. in part.

c. 61 Bills of Exchange S. 51 (4) am. ... 48, b. 1.

46 47 Vict.:

c. 34 Cheap Trains S. 7 suspended [.tee Terms] - 3, 8. 1.

c. 51 Corrupt and Illegal Practices Act made permanent; ext.; s. 10 restr.; Sch. I. (Parts IV., V. (3)) am.; ss. 32 (2), 33 (1 c), 39 (3), 47, 68 (12), 69(9), Sch. 1. (Parts 1. (7), II. (1)) rep.; ss. 35 (1), 64, 68, 69 (4), Sch. II. (Part I.) 64, ss. 22 (1), 33 (1), 35, 47, Schs. IV., VIII.

rep. in part.

A.D. 1917. Effect of Legislation.

[Short Title.]

Statute and Chapter. Subject-matter or How affected. Chapter of 7 4c 8 Geo. 6.

47 & 48 Vict.: 1

c. 30 County of Dublin Jurors’ and Voters’ Revision. S. 2 rep. as to appointment of revising barristers and registration of voters. 64, s. 47, Sch. VIII.

c. 54 Yorkshire Registries S. 37 am. as to North Riding V., s. 3.

c. 70 Municipal Elections (Corrupt Act made permanent; s. 13 64, ss. 35, 47, Sch. VIII.

and Illegal Practices). ! (3) rep.

48 & 49 Vict.:

c. 3 Representation of the People Rep. so far as unrep >aled 64, s. 47, Sch. VIII.

c. 9 Municipal Voters Relief Rep. so far as unrepealed 64, s. 47, Sch. VIII.

c. 16 Registration - Rep. so far as unrepealed (except as. 16, 19, 20); 8. 19 rep. in part. 64, s. 47, Sch. VIII.

c. 16 Registration Amendment (S.) Ss. 3 (except as to valuation roll), 4, 5, 7-10, 13-15, 17 64, s. 47, Soh. VIII.

c. 17 Parliamentary Registration (I.). rep. Ss. 2-6, 8, 9, 13, 16, 17-30, Sch. 11. rep. 64, s. 47, Sch VIII.

c. 23 Redistribution of Seats As to E. and S., rep. so far as unrepealed; as to I., ss. 8 (3) (4), 10-12, 13 (3)-(5), 14, 15, 18, 20 rep., and s. 26 rep. in part. 64, s. 47, 8ch. VIII.

c. 46 Medical Relief Disqualification Removal. Rep. so far as unrepealed 64, s. 47, Sch. VIII.

c. 62 Parliamentary Elections (Returning Officers). Rep. so far as unrepealed, except as to elections other than parliamentary elections. 64, s. 47, Sch. VIII.

49 & 60 Vict.:

c. 42 Revising Barristers Repealed .... 64, s. 47, Sch. VIII.

c. 43 Revising Barristers (I.) Repealed .... 64, s. 47, Sch. VIII.

c. 57 Parliamentary Elections (Returning Officers). Rep. so far as unrepealed, except as to elections other than parliamentary elections. 64, 8. 47, Sch. VIII.

c. 58 Returning Officers (S.) Repealed .... 64, s. 47, Sch. VIII.

50 & 51 Vict.:

c. 65 Sheriffs - 8. 18 (2) rep., so far as respects sheriffs’ courts required for purpose of elections. 64, s. 47, Sch. VIII.

c. 71 Coroners Ss. 3 (1) (3), 4 (5) temp. am. 19, s. 1.

51 & 62 Vict.:

c. 10 County Electors - Rep. so far as unrepealed 64, 8. 47, Sch. VIII.

c. 41 Local Government S. 120 (1) appl. and expl.; s. 120 (2)-(7) applied with mods.; ss. 3 (xii), 34 (6), 76 (proviso 12). 76, 77, 92 (3) rep.; ss. 2 (2) (6), 83 (6), 92 (2) rep. in part. 64, ss. 18, 47, Sch. VIII.

52 & 63 Vict. c. 60 Local Government (S.) S. 8 (4), 28, 29 rep. 64, 8. 47, Sch. VIII.

58 & 64 Vict.:

c. 65 Elections (S.) (Corrupt and Illegal Practices). S. 17 (3), 29 (7) (8) rep.; s. 1 rep. in part. 64, s. 47, Sch. VIII.

o. 58 Parliamentary Registration Expenses (I.). Rtp. so far as unrepealed ^lC 64, s. 47, 8ch VIII.

446

Effect of Legislation

[7 & 8 Geo. 5

[Short Title.]

Statute and Chapter. Subject-matter or How affected. Chapter of 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

54 & 55 Vict.: c. 18 1 Registration of Electors ! Repealed 64, s. 47, Sch, VIII. 31, s. 30.

c. 39 Stamp Sch. I. am. and rep., in part j

c. 49 Returning Officers (S.) retrosp.; s. 81 rep. retrosp. S. 3, 8eh. repealed - -, 64, s. 47, Sch.

c. 68 County Courts (Elections) - VIII. 64, s. 47, Sch.

56 & 67 Vict.:c. 66 Rules Publication S. 2 repealed - S. 1 restricted - j VIII. 66, s. 2 (5).

c. 73 Local Government Ss. 43, 44 repealed - - i 64, s. 47, Sch.

67 it 68 Vict. c. 58 Local Government (S.) 8s. 11, 12 rep.: s. 10 rep. in; VIII. 64, s. 47, Sch.

58 k69 Vict. c. 16 Finance - part. 8. 11 rep. retrosp. VIII. 31, s. 30.

59 & 60 Vict.:

c. 1 Local Government (Elections) Act uuule permanent - 64, s. 36.

c. 17 Glasgow Parliamentary Di- Repealed - - i 64. s. 47, Sch.

c. 28 visions. Finance - 1 S. 5. am. - - j VIII. 31, s. 6.

60 61 Vict. c. 51 Public Works Loans 8. 1 virt. am. 32, s. 4.

61 & 62 Vict.:

c. 2 Registration (I.) - Repealed - 64, s. 47, Sch.

c. 37 Local Government (I.) S. 98 except subsection (8) VIII. 64. s. 74, Sch.

62 & 63 Vict. c. 14 London Government - rep.; s. 109 rep. in part. Ss. 3 (4), 27 (2) rep.; s. 4 (1) VIII. 64. s. 47, Sch.

63 Vict. c. 7 - Finance .... rep. in part. S. 14 ext. to sailors and sea- VIII. 31, s. 29.

63 & 64 Vict.: c. 29 London County Council men killed in war. Repealed .... 64. 8. 47, Sch.

c. 31 Electors Qualification. Isle of Man (Customs) - S. 1 continued VIII. 35, s. 1 (2).

c. 49 Town Councils (8.) Ss. 24-32 rep.: s. 23 rep. in 64. s. 47, Sch.

3 Edw. 7. c. 34 - Town Councils (S.) part. Ss. 2, 4 repealed - VIII. 64. s. 47, Sch.

6 Edw. 7. c. 49 - Census of Production - 6. 1 amended VIII. 2, s. 1.

8 Edw. 7:

c. 14 Polling Arrangements (Par- Repealed .... 64, s. 17, Sch.

c. 21 liamentary Boroughs). Registration - Repealed .... VIII. 64, s. 47, Sch. VIII.

c. 35 Polling Districts and Regi- Repealed .... 64, s. 47, Sch.

sc. 48 stration of Voters (1.). Post Office S. 80 repealed VIII. 64, s. 47, Sch.

c. 57 Coal Mines Regulation - 8. 4 ext. to mines other than VIII. S, s. 1.

c. 68 Port of Iiondon coal mines. Ss. 7, 10, 11 am.: 8. 10 (2) xliv., ss. 49, 66.

c. 69 Companies (Consolidation) rep.: s. 18 ext. Ss. 26, 75, 274 am. and expl. 28, as. 1, 3.

9 Edw. 7. c. 22 - Trade Boards Ss. 11-13, 17 incorporated 46, s. 5 (1), Sch.

10 Edw. 7. c. 8 - Finance .... with mods. S. 83 (3) amended I. 31. s. 4 (3).

I k 2 Geo. 5:

c. 53 House Letting and Rating 8. 8 rep.; s. 7 rep. in part - 64. s. 47, Sch.

(S.). i VIII.

A.D. 1917. Effect of Legislation. 447

Statute and Chapter. Subject-matter or Short Title, j How affected. Chapter of 7 & 8 Geo. 6.

1 & 2 Geo. 5:

c. 55 National Insurance Am.; ss. 4 (4), 8 (8) (d), 11, 12 (2), 36, 37 (1), 38 (1), 40, 42 (/), 46, 48, 54 (3) (4), 56 (1) (*), 63, 67, 69 (2), SI (3), Sch. I. (Part II.), Sch. IV. (Part I., Table A) am.; ss. 35, 37 restr.; ss. 1 (3), 5 (1), 6, 9, 10, 31, 38 (1) (d) (i), 39, 43-45, 47, 51, 52, 53 (2), 63 (4), 70, Sch. IV. (Part I., Tables B. and D., and Part III.) rep.: ss. 46, 48, 79, 81 (11) (12) (16) rep. in part. Sch. VII. (paragraph 4) am. - 62. 63, s. 2.

c. cxc. Belfast Corporation Part VIII. rep. as from 1 Jan., 1919. 59, s. 28.

2 *tc3 Geo. 5. c. 4 Metropolitan Police 8. 1 temp. am. 61, 8. 1.

3(Jc 4 Geo. 5.0.37 National Insurance Am.; ss. 34 (2) (3), 41 (6) am.; ss. 17, 28 ext.; s. 9 (2) restr.; s. 33expl.; ss. 4, 7, 8, 15, 21, 24, Sch. I. (Paragraphs A (ii) and E) rep.; s. 10 rep. in part. 62, ss. 18 (5), 81, 39, 41, 42, 45, 48, Sch. V.

4 & 5 Geo. 5:

c. 25 Electoral Disabilities (Naval and Military Service) Removal. Repealed - 64, s. 47, Sch. VIII.

c. 34 Police Reservists (Allowances). S. 1 amended 36, s. 1.

c. 35 Education (Provision of Meals) (I.). Am.; proviso to s. 3 rep. 53, s. 1.

c. 76 Death Duties (Killed in War) Ext. to sailors and seamen killed in war. 31, s. 29.

c. 78 Courts (Emergency Powers) - Am.; s. 1 (1) (a) restr.; s. 1 (1) appl. with mod. 25, ss. 6, 8.

5 Geo. 5:

c. 7 Finance - S. 9 rep. [but Ter run]; s. 13 cont. with mod. 81, ss. 7 (2) 12 (1).

c. 29 National Insurance (Part I. Amendment). S. 1 (1) am.; s. 1 (2) applied 15, s. 1.

5 & 6 Geo. 5:

c. 48 Fishery Harbours The power of making orders temp, revived and cont.; s. 4 (3) virt. rep. 39, s. 1.

c. 54 Munitions of War S. 4 restricted Am. and ext.; ss. 1 (1), 4 (4), Sch. I. am.; Sch. II. (7) restr.; s. 17 applied. 31, s. 24 (1). 45, 88. 1-11.

c. 60 National Registration - Ext. and am.; ss. 1, 5, 6, 7, 13 (3) am. 60, 88. 1-10.

c. 62 Finance .... 8. 6 rep. [but tee Terrnt] 31, s. 7 (2).

c. 83 Naval and Military War S. 1 (5) am.: s. 2 (1) restr. - 14, ss. 2, 3.

Pensions. Ss. 1, 2 (6), 3 (1) (i) (3)-(5) (7), 6 (3) rep. S. 2 virt. am. 37, s. 5 (2), Sch. 54, s. 1.

c. 89 Finance - 1 Ss. 1, 8, 10 (1) (2), 11, 12 cont.:ss. 9 (1) (2), 38, 43, Sch. II. (Part III.) am.; s. 17 rep. [but see Terms]; s. 42 restr.; s. 46 ext. to sailors and seamen killed in war; effect of repeal by 8. 18 of s. 2 of 2 k3 Geo. 5 c. 8 explained. ! i 31, ss. 1, 2, 4, 5, 7 (2), 25, 29.

448 Effect of Legislation.

[7 & 8 Geo. 5.

[Short Title.]

Statute and Chapter. Subject-matter or How affected. 1 Chapter of 7 & 8 Geo. 6.

6 & 6 Geo. 5:

c. 90 Indictments .... S. I. temp. am. and applied - 4, s. 1 (4).

c. 97 Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (War Restrictions). S. 1 (2) restr.; s. 2 (6) am. - 25, ss. 4 (1). 7.

c. 99 Munitions of War (Amendment). Am. and ext.; s. 6 am.; s. 25 applied. 45, ss. 1-11.

c. 100 Parliament and Registration S. 1 (1) virt. am. - 13, s. 1 50, s. 1.

c. 104 Military Service - Ext. to Air Force; Sck. I. am. 8. S (3), as amended by s. 6 of 6 & 7 Geo. 5, c. 15, rep. 51, s. 5. 66, s. 1.

6 & 7 Geo. 5:

c. 4 Naval and Military War Pensions, &c. (Expense*). S. 2 rep. [but se ] Rep. so far as uurepealed, but subject as respects s. 2 to the proviso to s. 10 (3) of 7 & 8 Geo. 5, c. 14. 14, s. 10 (3). 37, s. 5 (2), Sch.

c. 5 Army (Annual) - Sch. am. .... 10, s. 1.

c. 10 Education (Provision of Meals) (I.). Sch. 1 rep. .... 63, s. 1 (1).

c. 11 Finance (New Duties) - Sch. 1 amended - 31, s. 3.

c. 12 Local Government (Emergency Provisions). S. 18 rep. [but tee j 14, s. 10 (3).

c. 15 Military Service - Ext. to Air Foroe 61, s. 5(1).

c. 17 Naval Discipline (Delegation of Powers). Amended .... 11, 8. 1.

c. 18 Courts (Emergency Powers) - S. 2. rep. .... 25, a 4 (2).

c. 20 National Insurance (Part II.) (Munition Workers). S. 1 am. .... 63, *. 17(1).

c. 24 Finance .... Ss. 29, 30, 43 cont. with mods.; ss. 41, 61 rep.; s. 49 (2) (3) and Part, III. applied with mods. 31, ss. 11, 18 (2) 24 (4), 26, 34.

c. 27 Isle of Man (Customs) Ss. 1-3, 4 (2), 5, 7 cont. 35, s. 1 (1).

c. 44 Parliament and Local Elections. S. 1 repealed 13, 8. 1.

c. 58 Registration of Business Names. Ss. 18, 19, ext. prosp. - 28, s. 2 (2).

c. 65 Ministry of Pensions - 8. 3 rep. .... 37. s. 6 (2), Sch.

c. 68 New Ministries and Secretaries. Ss. 10, 11 (2) - (5), 12-14 applied. 6, s. 2i(2).

---

7 & 8 Geo. 5:

c. 12 - Military Service - Ext. to Air Force - 51, s. 5 (1).

c. 13 - Parliament and Local Elections. - S. 1 rep. - 50, s. 1.

c. 14 - Naval and Military War Pensions. - Ss. 2, 7 rep. - 37, s. 5 (2), Sch.

c. 15 - National Insurance (Part I.) Amendment. Ss. 1, 2 am. - 62, s. 47.

c. 26 - Military Service - Ext. to Air Force - 51. s. 5 (1).

[List of acts in classes removed.]

[Index Removed.]

