THE

LAW REPORTS.

THE PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES,

PASSED IN THE

FIFTY-SIXTH AND FIFTY-SEVENTH YEARS

OF THE REIGN OF HER MAJESTY

QUEEN VICTORIA,

1893-4:

WITH

A LIST OF THE LOCAL AND PRIVATE ACTS,

TABLES SHOWING THE EFFECT OF THE SESSION'S

LEGISLATION,

AND A COPIOUS INDEX.

VOL. XXX.

LONDON:

PRINTED BY EYRE AND SPOTTISWOODE

FOR

T. DIGBY PIGOTT, Esq., C.B., PRINTER TO HER MAJESTY OF ALL ACTS OF PARLIAMENT,

And Published for the Council of Law Reporting,

By WILLIAM CLOWES AND SONS, Limited,

DUKE STREET, STANFORD STREET; AND 14, CHARING CROSS.

PUBLISHING OFFICE, 27, FLEET STREET, E.C.

1894.

A

TABLE

OF

The Titles of the Public General Acts passed in the Second Session of the Twenty-Fifth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

56 & 57 VICTORIA. A.D. 1893.94.

1. AN Act to make further Provision for the Expenses of the Coinage Act, 1891. (Coinage.) 1

2. An Act to exempt from Income Tax the Invested Funds of Trade Unions applied in payment of Provident Benefits. (Trade Union (Provident Funds).) 1

3. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-one, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-two, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three, and one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four. (Consolidated Fund (No. 1).) 2

4. An Act to provide, during twelve months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army. (Army (Annual).) 3

5. An Act to consolidate and amend the Law relating to the Payment of Regimental Debts, and the Collection and Disposal of the Effects of Officers and Soldiers in case of Death, Desertion, Insanity, and other cases. (Regimental Debts.) 8

6. An Act to remove Disabilities of Policemen with regard to their Vote in Municipal, School Board, and other Elections. (Police Disabilities Removal.) 17

7. An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to repeal and alter other Duties, and to amend the Law relating to Inland Revenue. (Customs and Inland Revenue.) 18

8. An Act to amend the Local Authorities Loans (Scotland) Act, 1891. (Local Authorities Loans (Scotland) Act, 1891, Amendment.) 21

9. An Act to amend the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882. (Municipal Corporations.) 28

10. An Act to amend the Police Acts. (Police.) 23

11. An Act to amend the Public Libraries Act, 1892. (Public Libraries (Amendment).) 25

12. An Act to make provision for the establishment of Day Industrial Schools in Scotland and to amend the Education (Scotland) Acts, 1872 to 1883. (Day Industrial Schools (Scotland).) 27

13. An Act to enable sanitary authorities in Ireland to take possession of land for the erection of temporary Cholera Hospitals. (Cholera Hospitals (Ireland).) 31

14. An Act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing Enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary. (Statute Law Revision.) 33

15. An Act to amend the Acts relating to Reformatory Schools in Scotland. (Reformatory Schools (Scotland).) 110

16. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four. (Consolidated Fund (No. 2).) 111

17. An Act to carry into effect an International Convention respecting the Liquor Traffic in the North Sea. (Forth Sea Fisheries) 112

18. An Act to reduce the Limit of the Balance of the Treasury Chest Fund. (Treasury Chest Fund.) 118

19. An Act to amend the Law relating to Weights and Measures. (Weights and Measures.) 119

20. An Act to extend the Provisions of the Duchy of Cornwall Management Act, 1863, relating to the Powers of Sale and Enfranchisement, and for other purposes. (Duchy of Cornwall Management) 119

21. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Avoidance of Voluntary Conveyances. (Voluntary Conveyances.) 120

22. An Act to amend the Appellate Jurisdiction Act, 1876, so far as regards Appeals in Forma Pauperis. (Appeal (Forma Pauperis).) 121

23. An Act to provide for prohibiting the catching of Seals at certain periods in Behring's Sea and other parts of the Pacific Ocean adjacent to Behring's Sea. (Seal Fishery (North Pacific).) 121

24. An Act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans. (Public Works Loans.) 131

25. An Act to amend the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. (Burgh Police (Scotland).) 131.

26. An Act to explain and amend certain Provisions of the Prison Act, 1877, with respect to the Superannuation of Prison Officers. (Prison (Officers' Superannuation).) 134

27. An Act to appoint additional Commissioners for executing the Acts for granting a Land Tax and other Rates and Taxes. (Land Tax Commissioners Names.) 135

28. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four. (Consolidated Fund (No. 8).) 136

29. An Act to amend the Law with respect to the Hours of Labour of Railway Servants. (Railway Regulation.) 136

30. An Act to amend the Friendly Societies Act, 1875. (Friendly Societies.) 138

31. An Act to explain the Rivers Pollution Prevention Act, 1876. (Rivers Pollution Prevention.) 138

32. An Act to prevent the use of Barbed Wire for Fences in Roads, Streets, Lanes, and other Thoroughfares. (Barbed Wire.) 139

33. An Act to remove certain doubts as to the application of Part III. of the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890, to certain authorities in Ireland. (Housing of the Working Classes.) 140

34. An Act to extend the operation of the Improvement of Land Act, 1864, so far as regards Scotland. (Improvement of Land (Scotland).) 141

35. An Act to amend the power of the Congested Districts Board for Ireland so far as respects the Purchase and Holding of Property. (Congested Districts Board (Ireland).) 141

36. An Act to amend the Law of Distress and Small Debts (Ireland) Act, 1888. (Law of Distress and Small Debts (Ireland).) 142

37. An Act to better define the Jurisdiction and to improve the Procedure of the Court of Passage in the City of Liverpool, and for other purposes connected therewith. (Liverpool Court of Passage.) 143

38. An Act to make further provision for the Conveyance of Her Majesty's Mails. (Conveyance of Mails.) 145

39. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Industrial and Provident Societies. (Industrial and Provident Societies.) 148

40. An Act to make provision for certain purposes relating to Local Loans. (Public Works Loans (No 2).) 177

41. An Act to amend the Irish Education Act, 1892. (Irish Education.) 181

42. An Act to make better Provision for the Elementary Education of Blind and Deaf Children in England and Wales. (Elementary Education (Blind and Deaf Children).) 182

43. An Act to confer further powers under the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Acts, 1878 to 1892, with respect to Swine Fever. (Contagious Diseases (Animals).) 187

44. An Act to make provision in regard to the Consignation of Money in the Sheriff Courts in Scotland. (Sheriff Courts Consignations (Scotland).) 188

45. An Act to make further provision for the completion and equipment of Ships under the Naval Defence Act, 1889, and to amend that Act. (Naval Defence.) 190

46. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four. (Consolidated Fund (No. 11 192

47. An Act to amend the Public Health (London) Act, 1891, with respect to the Removal of Refuse. (Public Health (London) Act, 1891, Amendment.) 193

48. An Act to amend the Law relating to Reformatory Schools. (Reformatory Schools.) 193

49. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Appointment of County Surveyors in Ireland. (County Surveyors (Ireland).) 194

50. An Act to amend the Provisions as to Payments for Light Railways in Ireland. (Light Railways (Ireland).) 195

51. An Act to amend the Elementary Education Acts with respect to the age for attendance at School. (Elementary Education (School Attendance).) 196

52. An Act to amend the Burghs Gas Supply (Scotland) Act, 1876. (Burghs Gas Supply (Scotland).) 196

53. An Act to consolidate Enactments relating to Trustees. (Trustee.) 197

54. An Act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing Enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary. (Statute Law Revision (No. 2).) 218

55. An Act to amend the Metropolis Management Acts. (Metropolis Management (Plumstead and Hackney).) 293

56. An Act to amend the Law with respect to the sale of Agricultural Fertilisers and Feeding Stuffs. (Fertilisers and Feeding Stuffs.) 298

57. An Act to amend the Law relating to Commons. (Law of Commons Amendment.) 303

58. An Act to amend Section ten of the Companies (Winding-up) Act, 1890. (Companies (Winding-up).) 303

59. An Act to continue various Expiring Laws. (Expiring Laws Continuance.) 304

60. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. (Appropriation.) 308

61. An Act to generalize and amend certain statutory provisions for the protection of persons acting in the execution of statutory and other public duties. (Public Authorities Protection.) 322

62. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Madras and Bombay Armies. (Madras and Bombay Armies.) 332

63. An Act to amend the Married Women's Property Act, 1882. (Married Women's Property.) 334

64. An Act to authorise the Redemption of the New Three pounds ten shillings per centum Annuities. (National Debt Redemption.) 335

65. An Act to amend certain provisions relating to Local Loans in Ireland. (Public Works Loans (No. 3).) 336

66. An Act for the Publication of Statutory Rules. (Rules Publication.) 338

67. An Act to amend the Shop Hours Act, 1892. (Shop Hours.) 340

68. An Act for enabling County Councils to promote the establishment of Hospitals for the reception of patients suffering from Infectious Diseases. (Isolation Hospitals.) 340

69. An Act to amend the Law relating to Savings Banks. (Savings Bank.) 347

70. An Act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise Money in the United Kingdom for the Service of the Government of India, and for other purposes relating thereto. (East India Loan.) 350

71. An Act for codifying the Law relating to the Sale of Goods. (Sale of Goods.) 353

72. An Act to confirm certain Acts of Colonial Legislatures. (Colonial Acts Confirmation.) 370

73. An Act to make further provision for Local Government in England and Wales. (Local Government.) 371

[Partial table of local acts removed.]

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES.

56 Victoria.

CHAPTER 1.

An Act to make further Provision for the Expenses of the Coinage Act, 1891.

[28th March 1893.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Further provision for expenses of exchange of light gold coins. 54 & 55 Vict. c. 72.]

1. Towards meeting the expenses incurred in pursuance of the Coinage Act, 1891, there shall be charged on and from time to time issued out of the Consolidated Fund, in addition to the sum mentioned in the said Act, such sum or sums, not exceeding in the whole two hundred and fifty thousand pounds, as the Treasury direct, and any sum so issued may, so far as not immediately required, be invested in such manner as the Treasury direct, and any interest thereon shall be applied for the purposes of the said expenses.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Coinage Act, 1893.

CHAPTER 2.

An Act to exempt from Income Tax the Invested Funds of Trade Unions applied in payment of Provident Benefits.

[28th March 1893.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Provident funds of trade unions to be exempt from income tax. 34 & 35 Vict. c. 31. 39 & 40 Vict. c. 22.]

1. A trade union duly registered under the Trade Union Acts, 1871 and 1876, shall be entitled to exemption from income tax chargeable under Schedules A., C., and D. of any Acts for granting duties of income tax in respect of the interest and dividends of the trade union applicable and applied solely for the purpose of provident benefits.

2 Ch. 2, 3. Trade Union (Provident Funds), 1893. 56 Vict.

---

Mode of claiming exemption.

Definition of " provident benefits."

Issue of 806, 7111.

4*. Id. ont of the Consolidated Fond for

Provided always that the exemption shall not extend to any trade union by the rules of which the amount assured to any member, or person nominated by or claiming under him, shall exceed the total sum of two hundred pounds, or the amount of any annuity granted tQ any member, or person nominated by him, shall exceed the sum of thirty pounds per annum.

2. The exemption shall be claimed and allowed in the same manner as is prescribed by law in the case of income applicable and applied to charitable purposes.

3. In this Act the expression "provident benefits" means and includes any payment made to a member during sickness or incapacity from personal injury, or while out of work; or to an aged member by way of superannuation, or to a member who has met with an accident or has lost his tools by fire or theft, or a payment in discharge or aid of funeral expenses on the death of a member or the wife of a member, or as provision for the children of the (deceased member, where the payment in respect whereof exemption is claimed is a payment expressly authorised by the registered rules of the trade union claiming the exemption.

[Short title.]

4. This Act may be cited as the Trade Union (Provident Funds) Act, 1893.

CHAPTER 3.

An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-one, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-two, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three, and one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four.

[28th March 1893.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sums herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time being may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good

Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1893. Ch. 3, 4. 3

the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the years the service of ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred ^.yea"gt and ninety-one, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-two, and March 1891, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three, the sum of eight 1892, and hundred and six thousand seven hundred and eleven pounds four 18a8* shillings and sevenpence.

2. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time I*ue of being may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United oHhe^on- °0t Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making solidated good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year Food for the ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred

and ninety-four, the sum of nine million four hundred and ninety- sist March seven thousand three hundred pounds. 1894 *

3. The Commissioners of the Treasury may borrow from time Power to the

to time, on the credit of the said sums, any sum or sums not 40

exceeding in the whole the sum of ten million three hundred and

four thousand and eleven pounds four shillings and sevenpence, and shall repay the moneys so borrowed, with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any sums so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

[Short title.]

4. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act,

CHAPTER 4.

An Act to provide, dining twelve months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

[29th April 1893.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping of a standing army within the United Kingdom of. Great Britain and Ireland in time of peace, unless it be with the consent of Parliament, is against law: And whereas it is adjudged necessary by Her Majesty and this present Parliament, that a body of forces should be continued for the safety of the United Kingdom and the defence of the possessions of Her Majesty's Crown, and that the whole number of such forces should consist of one hundred and fifty-four thousand four hundred and forty-two men, including those to be employed at the depdts in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the training of recruits for service at home and abroad, but exclusive of the numbers actually serving within " '' Indian

1893.

possessions

a 2

4

Ch. 4.

Army (Annual), 1893.

56 Vict.

44 & 46 Vict.

c. 58.

[Short title.]

Army Act (44 & 45 Vict. c. 58.) to be in force for specified times.

And whereas it is also judged necessary for the safety of the United Kingdom, and the defence of the possessions of this realm, that a body of Royal Marine forces should be employed in Her Majesty's fleet and naval service, under the direction of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for (executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid:

And whereas the said marine forces may frequently be quartered or be on shore, or sent to do duty or be on board transport ships or vessels, merchant ships or vessels, or other ships or vessels, or they may be under other circumstances in which they will not be subject to the laws relating to the government of Her Majesty's forces by sea:

And whereas no man can be forejudged of life or limb, or subjected in time of peace to any kind of punishment within this realm by martial law, or in any other manner than by the judgment of his peers and according to the known and established laws of this realm; yet nevertheless it being requisite, for the retaining all the before-mentioned forces, and other persons subject to military law, in their duty, that an exact discipline be observed, and that persons belonging to the said forces who mutiny or stir up sedition, or desert Her Majesty's service, or are guilty of crimes and offences to the prejudice of good order and military discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the usual forms of the law will allow:

And whereas the Army Act will expire in the year one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three on the following days:

(a.) In the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and the Isle of Man, on the thirtieth day of April; and (6.) Elsewhere in Europe, inclusive of Malta, also in the West Indies and America, on the thirty-first day of July; and (c.) Elsewhere, whether within or without Her Majesty's dominions, on the thirty-first day of December:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Army (Annual) Act, 1893.

2. — (1.) The Army Act shall be and remain in force during the periods herein-after mentioned, and no longer, unless otherwise provided by Parliament; that is to say,

(a.) Within the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and the Isle of Man, from the thirtieth day of April one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three to the thirtieth day of April one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four, both inclusive; and

(b.) Elsewhere in Europe, inclusive of Malta, also in the West Indies and America, from the thirty-first day of July one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three to the thirty-first day of July one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four, both inclusive; and

(c.) Elsewhere, whether within or without Her Majesty's dominions, from the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three to the thirty-first day of

J J

1893.

Army (Annual), 1893. Ch. 4.

5

December one thousand eight hundred and niuety-four, both inclusive;

and the day from which the Army Act is continued in any place by this Act is in relation to that pface referred to in this Act as the commencement of this Act.

(2.) The Army Act, while in force, shall apply to persons subject to military law, whether within or without Her Majesty's dominions.

(3.) A person subject to military law shall not be exempted from the provisions of the Army Act by reason only that the number of the forces for the time being in the service of Her Majesty, exclusive of the marine forces, is either greater or less than the number herein-before mentioned.

3. There shall be paid to the keeper of a victualling house for Trices in the accommodation provided by him in pursuance of the Army Act the prices specified in the schedule to this Act.

Amendments of Army Act.

4. Whereas it is expedient to explain the expression "equip- Amendment of ments, " in section twenty-four of the Army Act, be it therefore 445g tfal enacted that — to deficiency

At the end of the said section shall be added the following Iand. , niury

. to equipment,

paragraph: —

"For the purposes of this section, the expression equipments ' includes any article issued to a soldier for his use, or entrusted to his care for military purposes."

5. Whereas it is expedient to express more clearly the provisions Amendment of of section twenty-five of the Army Act as to falsification of official 44 45 v*ct* documents, be it therefore enacted that — i0 falJfyinjT

In sub-section two of the said section for the words "knowingly official docu- and with intent to defraud or to injure any person " shall mentB* be substituted the words "knowingly and with intent to " injure any person or knowingly and with intent to defraud."

0. Whereas it is expedient to amend section thirty-two of the Amendment uf Army Act so as to provide that the expression "discharged with 44 & 45 Vict-disgrace " shall include a person discharged for misconduct, be it enlistment* therefore enacted that — of soldier dis-

In sub-section two of the said section, after the word "worthless, " shall be added the words "discharged for misconduct."

7. Whereas it is expedient to entend the maximum period of Amendment of imprisonment capable of being awarded where a case is dealt with 44 45 summarily under section forty-six of the Army Act, and at the to summary same time to give a soldier the right in certain cases to be tried by »! by <*>">-a district court-martial, instead of submitting to the jurisdiction of his commanding officer; be it therefore enacted that —

(1.) In sub-section two of the said section for the word "seven " shall be substituted the word "fourteen."tized

Army (Annual) . 1893.

56 VICT.

(2.) In sub-section three of the said section, after the word "court-martial, " shall be added the words "or the right of the " soldier to be tried by a district court-mart iaL"

(3.) For sub-section eight of the said section shall be substituted the following sub-section:—

" (8.) Where a commanding officer has power to deal with a case summarily under this section, and, after hearing the evidence, considers that he may so deal with the case, he shall, unless he awards one of the minor punishments referred to in this section, ask the soldier chained whether he desires to be dealt with summarily or to be tried by a district court-martial, and if the soldier elects to be tried by a district court-martial the commanding officer shall take steps for bringing him to trial by a district court-martial, but otherwise shall proceed to deal with the case summarily."

Amendment of Sc 45 Vict,

c. 58. 8. 48 as to constitution of district courts-martial.

8. Whereas it is expedient to provide that a district court-martial may in any case consist of three members; be it therefore enacted that —

In sub-section four of section forty-eight of the Army Act the words "in the United Kingdom, India, Malta, and Gibraltar, " of not less than five, and elsewhere " shall be omitted.

Abolition of 9. Whereas it is expedient to simplify the provisions of the cou'iS-martial, Army Act relating to courts-martial by abolishing summary courts-and amend- martial, and enabling field general courts-martial to exercise the ment of pro- powers of summary courts-martial; be it therefore enacted that —

visions a* to —

tieid general (1.) In sub-section one of section torty-nine of the Anny Act, courts-martial. after the words "beyond the seas, " shall be added the words

" or to the commanding officer of any corps or portion of a " corps on active service, or to any officer in immediate " command of a body of forces on active service ":

(2.) In the same sub-section the words "under his command " against the property or person of any inhabitant of or " resident in such country " shall be omitted:

(3.) In the same sub-section, after the words "provided as follows, " shall be added the following proviso:—

" (a.) An officer in command of a detachment or portion of troops not on active service shall not convene a field general court-martial for the trial of any person unless that person is under his command, nor unless the offence with which the person is charged is an offence against the property or person of an inhabitant of, or resident in, the country in which the offence is alleged to have been committed ":

And the provisoes now marked (a.) and (6.) shall be marked (b.) and (c.) respectively:

(4.) In the same sub-section, after the words "not less than three officers, " shall be added the words "unless the officer convening " the same is of opinion that three officers are not available, " having due regard to the public service, in which case the " court-martial may consist of two officers " ^1

Army (Annual) Act, 1893. Ch. 4.

7

(5.) At the end of the same sub-section, after the word "captain, " shall be added the following paragraph:—

" (d.) Where a field general court-martial consists of less than three officers, the sentence shall not exceed such summary punishment as is allowed by this Act, or imprisonment."

(6.) At the end of sub-section one of section fifty-four of the Army Act there shall be added, as part of the paragraph marked (d.), after the words "officer forms part, " the words "or where the offence was committed on active service, any " such officer as may under the rules made in pursuance " of this Act be authorised to confirm the findings and " sentences of the field general court-martial awarding the " sentence: Provided that a sentence of death or penal servitude awarded by a field general court-martial shall not be " carried into effect unless or until it has been confirmed by " the general or field officer commanding the force with which " the prisoner is present at the date of his sentence."

(7.) At the end of sub-section four of the said section fifty-four shall be added the following proviso: —

* Provided that where a member of a field general court-martial trying a prisoner would but for his being a member of the court have power to confirm the finding and sentence of the court, and is of opinion that it is not practicable, having due regard to the public service, to delay the case for the purpose of referring it to any other officer, he may confirm the finding and sentence."

(8.) Section fifty-five of the Army Act is hereby repealed.

10. Whereas it is expedient to express more clearly the provi- j^y"1 °* sions of section one hundred and eighty-two of the Army Act: be c 58 8 l'M it therefore enacted that — to special

For sub-section two of the said section, being the paragraph to warrant beginning with the words "(2.) Without taking away " and oncers-ending with the words (i or to the ranks " shall be substituted the following sub-section:—

" (2.) He may be sentenced —

(a) by a district court-martial to such forfeitures, fines, and stoppages as are allowed by this Act, and, either in addition to or in substitution for any such punishment, to be dismissed from the service, or to 1x5 suspended from rank and pay and allowances, for any period stated by the court-martial, or to be reduced to the bottom or any other place in the list of the rank which he holds, or to be reduced to an inferior class of warrant officer (if any) or, if he was originally enlisted as a soldier, but not otherwise, to be reduced to a lower grade, or to the ranks:or

8

Ch. 4, 5.

Army (Annual) Act, 1893.

56 Vict.

(6) by any court- martial having power to try him, other than a district court-martial, to any punishment which under this section, a district court-martial has power to award, either in addition to or in substitution for any other punishment.

SCHEDULE.

Accommodation to be provided. Maximum Price.

Lodging and attendance for soldier where hot meal furnished. Fourpence per night.

Hot meal as specified in Part I. of the Second Schedule to the Army Act. One shilling and threepence halfpenny each.

Breakfast as so specified One penny halfpenny each.

Where no hot meal furnished, lodging and attendance, and candles, vinegar, salt, and the nse of fire, and the necessary utensils for dressing and eating his meat. Fourpence per day.

Ten pounds of oats, twelve pounds of hay, and eight pounds of straw per day for each horse. One shilling and nine-pence per day.

Lodging and attendance for officer - - Two shillings per night.

Note. — An officer shall pay for his food.

CHAPTER 5.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Law relating to the Payment of Regimental Debts, and the Collection and Disposal of the Effects of Officers and Soldiers in case of Death, Desertion, Insanity, and other cases.

[29th April 1893.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual, and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Collection, of Effects and Payment of Preferential Charges.

On death of person subject to military law

1. On the death of a person while subject to military law the prescribed committee of adjustment shall, as soon op may be, in

RegimenUd Debts 1893. Ch. 5.

9

accordance with the prescribed regulations and subject to any committee of exceptions made thereby, ^ure^ffecta0

(1) secure and make an inventory of all such of the effects of J^pay ec 8 the deceased as are in camp or quarters, and, if the death charges, occurs out of the United Kingdom, are within the prescribed

area whether station, colony, or command, or other, (which area is in this Act referred to as the regulation area); and

(2) ascertain the amount and provide for the payment of the preferential charges on the property of the deceased.

2. The following shall be the preferential charges on the pro- Preferential perty of a person dying while subject to military law, and shall, charge8' except so far as other provision may be made for them or any of

them, be payable in preference to all other debts and liabilities, and, as among themselves, in the following order: —

(1.) Expenses of last illness and funeral:

(2.) Military debts, namely, sums due in respect of, or of any advance in respect of —

(a.) Quarters;

(6.) Mess, band, and other regimental accounts;

(c.) Military clothing, appointments and equipments, not exceeding a sum equal to six months pay of the deceased, and having become due within eighteen months beforo his death;

to which shall be added, where the death occurs out of the United Kingdom, —

(3.) Servants wages, not exceeding two months wages to each servant; and

(4.) Household expenses incurred within a month before the death, or after the last issue of pay to the deceased, whichever is the shorter period.

3. So much only of the personal property of a person dying Surplus only while subject to military law as remains after payment of the preferential charges shall be considered personal estate of the deceased deemed° with reference to the calculation of probate duty, or of any other personal duty, tax, or percentage, or for any of the purposes of adminis- e8tate> tration.

4. If in any case a doubt or difference arises in relation to any I)eci, \ion of preferential charge or the payment thereof, the decision of the Jlrfemltia?40 Secretary of State, or of such officer or person as the Secretary of charges. State deputes by writing to act in this behalf, shall be final, and shall be binding on all persons for all purposes.

5. Subject to the prescribed regulations, if any person pays or Payment of secures the payment of the preferential charges in full, the com- chai^Tby remittee of adjustment shall not further interfere in relation to the presentatives property, except so far as they may be requested so to do by or on or other lH>r* behalf of that person. 8°n' '

0. — (1.) If within one month after the death or such further Powers and time not exceeding the prescribed time as the committee of adjust- where' ment allow, the preferential charges are not paid or secured to their preferential0 satisfaction, the committee shall proceed to pay those charges. charges arc

r VjC, not paid.

10

Ch. &

Regimental Debts Act, 1893.

56 Vict.

Disposal of surplus by paymaster.

(2.) If the death occurs out of the United Kingdom, the committee of adjustment, save as may be prescribed, shall, if it appears to them necessary for the payment of the preferential changes, and in any case may, collect all the personal property of the deceased in the regulation area.

(3.) The committee, save as may be prescribed, shall, for the purpose of paying the preferential charges and their expenses, and in any case may, at such time as, subject to the prescribed regulations, they think expedient, sell and convert into money such of the personal property of the deceased as does not consist of money.

(4.) If the death occurs out of the United Kingdom they may also, save as otherwise prescribed, pay all debts which appear to them to be legally payable out of the personal estate of the deceased.

(5.) For the purpose of the exercise of their duties the committee shall, to the exclusion of all authorities and persons whomsoever, have the same rights and powers as if they had taken out representation to the deceased, and also if in a colony the powers which any official administrator has by the law of that colony; and any receipt given by the committee shall have the like effect as if it had been given by the legal personal representative of the deceased.

(6.) The committee of adjustment shall lodge the surplus remaining in their hands after payment of the said charges and expenses and debts with such person (in this Act referred to as the paymaster), at such times, in such manner, and together with such inventory, accounts, vouchers, and information, as may be prescribed.

Disposal of Surplus and Residue.

7. The paymaster shall pay the surplus in the prescribed manner, and subject to the prescribed provisions and exceptions, as follows:

(1.) If out of the United Kingdom he may pay thereout any expenses which under the prescribed regulations are chargeable against the surplus, and any debts which are legally payable out of the personal estate of the deceased;

(2.) If he knows of a representative of the deceased in the same part of Her Majesty's dominions, he shall pay the surplus to that representative;

(3.) If he does not know of such a representative as above mentioned, and the amount does not exceed one hundred pounds, he may pay or apply all or any part thereof to or for the benefit of such persons in the same part of Her Majesty's dominions as he knows of and appear to be beneficially entitled to the personal estate of the deceased, or to or for the benefit of any of such persons;

(4.) He shall remit the surplus or so much thereof as is not paid or applied in pursuance of this section to the Secretary of State.

1893

Regimental Debts Act, 1893

Ch. 5.

11

8. The Secretary of State, on being informed of the death of a Disposal of

person subject to military law, shall proceed with all reasonable ^I^rby0f speed as follows: *7 °

(1.) He shall cause to be ascertained the total amount to the credit of the deceased, including any surplus or part of a surplus remitted by a paymaster as mentioned in this Act, and all arrears of pay, batta, grants, and other allowances in the nature thereof; which total amount so ascertained is in this Act referred to as the residue;

(2.) If he has notice of a representative of the deceased, ho shall pay the residue to that representative;

(3.) He may, and if it is so prescribed shall, before such payment, publish the prescribed notice stating the amount of the residue and such other particulars respecting the deceased and his property as may seem fit, and also the mode in which any application respecting the residue is to be made to the Secretary of State. Provided that the Secretary of State may pay out of any money in his hands to the credit of the deceased any preferential charges appearing to him to have been left unpaid by the committee of adjustment.

9. Where the residue does not exceed one hundred pounds, the Dwposal by

Secretary of State may, if he thinks fit, require representation to be of

taken out; but if he does not, and has no notice oi a representative residue where of the deceased, then, after the expiration of the prescribed time >due does and the publication of the prescribed notice (if any), the residue hundred shall be disposed of as follows:pounds, und

(1.) The Secretary of State may, if he thinks fit, pay or apply '

the residue or any part thereof, in accordance with the prescribed regulations to or for the benefit of any of the persons appearing to be beneficially entitled to the personal estate of the deceased, or any of them, and may for that purpose invest the same by deposit in a military or other savings bank or otherwise, and, if necessary, in the name or names of a trustee or trustees for any such person.

(2.) Any part thereof remaining in the hands of the Secretary of State, and not irrevocably appropriated, shall be applied in paying any debt of the deceased which —

(a) accrued due within three years before the death; and

(b) is claimed from the Secretary of State within two years after the death; and

(c) is proved by the claimant to the satisfaction of the Secretary of State.

(3.) Except as above in this section provided, a person shall not bo entitled to obtain payment out of any residue in the hands of the Secretary of State of any sum due from the deceased.

10. — (1.) Where any residue or any part thereof remains un-

disposed of and unappropriated, the prescribed notice thereof shall be published, and during six years next after the publication of that notice the like notice with any necessary modifications shall be annually published. Dlcjltlzed

Application of residue undisposed of.

Regimental Debts Act, 1893.

56 Vict.

Ch. 5.

(2.) So much of the residue as remains undisposed of and unappropriated for six months after the publication of the last of such notices shall, together with any income or accumulations of income accrued therefrom, be applied in the prescribed manner in or towards the creation or maintenance of such compassionate or other fund for the benefit of widows and children, or other near relatives, of soldiers dying on service, or within six months after discharge, as may be prescribed.

(3.) Provided that the application under this section of any residue, or part of a residue, shall not bar any claim of any person to the same, or any part thereof.

Disposal of medals and decorations.

Disposal of effects not money.

Regulations by royal warrant.

Restriction on interposition of official administrators.

Supplemental

11. Medals and decorations shall not be considered to be comprised in the personal estate of the deceased with reference to the claims of creditors or for any of the purposes of administration under this Act or otherwise; and, notwithstanding anything in this or any other Act, the same, when secured by the committee of adjustment, shall be held and disposed of according to regulations laid down by royal warrant.

12. Where any part of the personal estate of the deceased consists of effects, securities, or other property not converted into money, the provisions of this Act with respect to paying or remitting the surplus shall, save as may be prescribed, extend to the delivery, transmission, or transfer of such effects, securities, or property, and the paymaster and Secretary of State shall respectively have the same power of converting the same into money as the representative of the deceased.

13. — (1.) Her Majesty the Queen may, by warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, make regulations for all such things as are by this Act directed or authorised to be prescribed or made subject to regulations, and also such regulations as may seem fit for the better execution of this Act, or any part thereof; and may by such regulations make different provisions to meet different cases or different circumstances.

(2.) Every royal warrant made under this Act shall be printed by the Queen's printer, and published under the authority of Her Majesty's Stationery Office, and laid before both Houses of Parliament as soon as may be after the making thereof.

14. — (1.) An official administrator, notwithstanding any law regulating his office independently of this Act, shall not interpose in any manner in relation to any property of a person dying while subject to military law, except in the prescribed cases, or except when and so far as he is expressly required to do so by a committee of adjustment, or paymaster, or Secretary of State.

(2.) The committee of adjustment in such cases, under such circumstances, and at such times as may be prescribed, may request an official administrator, to exercise his official powers either on behalf of the committee or otherwise, and the administrator shall

Regimental Debts Act, 1893. Ch. 5.

18

comply with the request. The committee may also lodge any property secured or collected by them with any official administrator.

(3.) Where under this Act any property comes to the hands of any official administrator, he shall administer the same as regards preferential charges and otherwise in accordance with this Act, and, subject thereto, according to the law regulating his office independently of this Act.

(4.) The official administrator shall remit any surplus remaining in his hands after discharge of all debts and his charges to the Secretary of State at such time and in such manner as may be prescribed, to be disposed of according to the provisions of this Act as if remitted by a paymaster.

(5.) An official administrator shall not take a percentage on the property exceeding three per cent, on the gross amount coming to or remaining in his hands after payment of preferential charges.

15. Any property coming under this Act to the hands of any committee of adjustment or paymaster shall not, by reason of so coming, be deemed assets or effects at the place in which that committee or paymaster is stationed or resides, and it shall not be necessary by reason thereof that representation be taken out in respect of that property for that place.

16. Where any surplus or residue, as the case may be, does not exceed one hundred pounds, no duty shall be payable in the United Kingdom or India in respect thereof, and it shall not be necessary that representation to any deceased person be taken out for the purpose of obtaining payment thereof or of any part thereof under this Act from a paymaster or a Secretary of State, except in any prescribed case, or in any case where the Secretary of State requires it.

17. Compliance with the regulations under this Act with respect to the mode of payment of any surplus or residue or any part thereof to any person (whether by transmission or remission to another place or person or otherwise) shall discharge the Secretary of State or paymaster or other person complying with the regulations, and he shall not be liable by reason of the surplus or residue or part which may be in his hands having been paid, transmitted, remitted, or otherwise dealt with in accordance with the regulations.

18. Every payment, application, sale, or other disposition of property made by the Secretary of State, or by any committee of adjustment, or by any paymaster, when acting in execution or supposed execution of this Act, or of any royal warrant for carrying this Act into effect, shall be valid as against all persons whomsoever; and the Secretary of State, and every officer belonging to any such committee, and every such paymaster as aforesaid shall, by virtue of this Act, be absolutely discharged from all liability in respect of the property so paid, applied, sold, or disposed of.

19. After the committee of adjustment have lodged with the paymaster the surplus of the property o^ an^d ^qceased person, any

Money remitted not to be assets in place where remitted to.

Duty and representation where sums under 100/.

Discharge of paymaster and Secretary of State.

Validity of payments, sales, &c., under this Act.

Saving for rights of representative.

Ch. 5.

Regimental Debts, 1893.

56 Tier.

Creditor administering not entitled to claim property.

Deposit in court of probate, See., of original wills in hands of Secretary of State, and declaration of intestacy.

representative of that person and any official administrator shall, as regards any property of a deceased person not collected by the committee of adjustment and not forming part of the surplus or residue in this Act mentioned, have the same rights and duties as if this Act had not passed.

20. A creditor, as such, shall not be deemed a person entitled to take out representation to the deceased within the meaning of this Act or to pay or secure the preferential charges; nor shall a creditor taking out representation be entitled as representative of the deceased to claim from a paymaster or the Secretary of State any part of the property of the deceased.

21. — (1.) Where any original will of a person dying while subject to military law, whether he died before or after the commencement of this Act, comes to the hands of a Secretary of State, and representation under the same is not taken out, then the Secretary of State may cause the same to be deposited as follows:

(a.) Where the domicile of the testator appears to the Secretary of State to have been in Scotland, then in the office of the commissary clerk of the commissary court of the county of Edinburgh:

(5.) Where the domicile of the testator appears to the Secretary of State to have been in Ireland, then in the place for the time being appointed in Dublin for the deposit of original wills brought into the High Court in Ireland:

(c.) In any other case, in the place for the time being appointed in London for the deposit of original wills brought into the High Court in England!

(2.) Where a person dies while subject to military law intestate, and under this Act any residue of his property comes to the hands of the Secretary of State, and representation to the deceased is not taken out, then the Secretary of State may, if it seems fit, cause a declaration of his intestacy to be deposited in the place or office where his original will (if any) would be deposited as aforesaid.

(3.) In every such case the Secretary of State may cause to be deposited, together with the original will or declaration of intestacy, an inventory showing the personal property of the deceased, and the application thereof, as far as the same is known.

(4.) Every such original will, declaration of intestacy, and inventory shall be preserved and dealt with, and may be inspected, subject and according to the same rules or orders and on payment of the same fees as any other like documents deposited in that office or place, or subject and according to such other rules or orders and on payment of such other fees, as may be made or fixed in that behalf by the court, judge, or other authority empowered to make rules or orders in relation to other documents deposited in the same place or office.

1893.

Regimental Debts Act, 1893. Ch. 5.

15

Application of Act to special Cases.

22. In the application of this Act to an army paymaster, the following modifications shall be made:

(1.) The powers and duties of the committee of adjustment shall arise immediately on his death, and shall continue notwithstanding that the professional charges are paid or secured:

(2.) Money in the possession or under the control of an army paymaster at his death shall not be considered to be comprised in his effects for the purposes of this Act:

(3.) The surplus in the hands of the committee of adjustment and the residue in the hands of a Secretary of State shall be dealt with and disposed of as may be prescribed and not according to the foregoing provisions of this Act.

23. Where a person subject to military law deserts, or is absent without leave for twenty-one days, or is convicted by a civil court of any offence which by the law of England is felony, or is delivered up as an apprentice, whether in pursuance of an order of a court, or otherwise, the provisions of this Act shall apply as if the person were dead, subject to the following modifications:

(1.) The powers of the committee of adjustment shall arise and continue notwithstanding that the preferential charges are paid or secured:

(2.) The committee of adjustment shall dispose of the surplus in the prescribed manner, and the same when so disposed of shall be free from all claim on the part of the said person or any one claiming, through him.

24. Where a person subject to military law is ascertained in the prescribed manner to be insane, the provisions of this Act shall apply as if he had died at the time of his insanity being so ascertained, subject nevertheless to the prescribed exceptions, and to the following modifications:

(a.) The preferential charges may be paid by the wife of the insane person, or by any person who, subject to the prescribed regulations, appears to be a relative of or person undertaking the care of the insane person or of his property:

(6.) The committee of adjustment shall dispose of the surplus in the prescribed manner with a view to its being applied for the benefit of the insane person.

Application of Act to India.

25. This Act shall apply to India as if it were a colony, subject to the modifications in this Act mentioned, and to this exception, that it shall not, save so far as may be prescribed, apply to any native of India within the meaning of Indian military law.

26. In the case of the death of a person who dies while in India or while on service with any force under the command of the commander-in-chief in India, or of any provincial commander-in-chief in India, and who is not a soldier of Her Majesty's regular forces, this Act shall apply with the following modifications:

Special provision as to an army paymaster.

Application of Act to deserters, felons, &c.

Application of Act to case of insanity

General appli cation of Act to India.

Provision where death occurs in India, the deceased not being a soldier.

16

Ch. 6.

Regimental Debt# Act, 1893.

56 VICT.

Deduction of arrears of subscription to military and orphan funds.

Provision as to Secretary of State for India.

Definitions.

Extent of Act.

(1.) The paymaster shall after the prescribed notice pay all debts of which he has notice within the prescribed time, and which appear to him to be lawfully payable out of the estate of the deceased. Provided that if under the special circumstances of the case of the deceased it appears to the paymaster inexpedient or unjust to pay any claims out of the estate, or if the claims lodged exceed in the whole the prescribed amount, the paymaster shall, without discharging those claims, or any of them, transfer the surplus aforesaid to the official administrator:

(2.) Where the paymaster does not so transfer the surplus, he shall dispose thereof, or of so much thereof as remains after the discharge of any claims, in manner directed by this Act:

(3.) The foregoing provisions of this section shall not apply to an army paymaster:

(4.) The secretary to the Government of India in the military department shall have the same power as the Secretary of State to decide any doubt or difference ns to preferential charges, and his decision shall have the same effect as if it were given by the Secretary of State.

27. Nothing in this Act shall prevent the Secretary of State from deducting in the pay office from* any arrears of pay due to the deceased the amount of any arrears of subscription due by the deceased to the Indian military and orphan funds, or either of them.

28. Anything authorised or required by this Act to be done by, to, or before a Secretary of State may, in the prescribed cases, be done by, to, or before the Secretary of State in Council of India

[Short Title.]

Definitions; Extent; Commencement; Repeal;

29. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, —

The expression "officer " includes a warrant officer, although not holding an honorary commission:

The expression representation " includes probate and letters of administration, with or without will annexed, and in Scotland confirmation, and in India or a colony the corresponding documents in use according to the law of India or the colony:The expression "representative" means any person taking out representation, but does not include an official administrator:The expression "official administrator" means in India the administrator-general of any presidency or province, and in a colony means any public officer who has by law any powers or duties in relation to the collection or distribution of the estate of any deceased person:

The expression "prescribed" means prescribed by Royal Warrant. Save as aforesaid expressions in this Act have the same meaning as in the Army Act.

30. — (1.) This Act shall apply to all persons subject to'military law, whether within or without Her Majesty's dominions.

Dy xJUDviL

1893.

Regimented Debts Act, 1893. Ch. 5, 6.

17

(2.) This Act shall be registered by the Royal Courts of the Channel Islands, and shall apply to those Islands and to the Isle of Man as if they were parts of the United Kingdom.

(3.) This Act shall apply to a place in which Her Majesty exercises jurisdiction under the Foreign Jurisdiction Act, 1890, as 54 Vict. if that place were a colony. c‘

31. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of Commence-October one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three, or any ment of Act-earlier day appointed either generally or with reference to any

place or places by royal warrant.

32. The Regimental Debts Act, 1863, and section fifty-one of Repeal, the Regulation of the Forces Act, 1881, are hereby repealeA

[Short title.]

33. This Act may be cited as the Regimental Debts Act, 1893.

CHAPTER 0.

An Act to remove Disabilities of Policemen with regard to their Vote in Municipal, School Board, and other Elections.

[12th May 1893.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Police Disabilities Removal Act, 1887, whereby the disabilities of persons employed in or in connexion with the police to vote at parliamentary elections were removed, should be extended to municipal and other similar elections:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The enactments mentioned in the schedule to this Act, which Repeal, disqualify the police for voting nt municipal and other elections,

are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of the said schedule.

2. The provisions of section two of the Police Disabilities Facilities for Removal Act, 1887, shall apply to all municipal and other elec-

tions as well as parliamentary elections, subject to the modification c. 9.8. a, to that the words "register of voters " shall mean the register of apply to all voters in force for such municipal or other elections. elections.

3. This Act and the Police Disabilities Removal Act, 18S7, Construction

shall be construed as one Act. title °rt

This Act may be cited as the Police Disabilities Removal Act,

1893.

B

1&

Ch. 6, 7. Police Disabilities Removal Act, 1893. 56 VICT.

SCHEDULE.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter.; Extent of Repeal.

19 & 20 Vict 20 Vict. c. 69. - 1 The County and Borough Police Act, 1866. Section nine, the words "be capable of giving " his vote for the elec* tion of any person to '* any municipal office " in such borough; " and also the words "nor " shall any such constable."

22 & 23 Vict c. 32. The County and Borough Police Act, 1859. Section three, the words "be capable of giving " his vote for the election of any person to " any municipal office " in any borough with-'* in such county or in " any other borough in " winch such constable " has authority, nor " shall any such constable."

CHAPTER 7.

An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to repeal and alter other Duties, and to amend the Law relating to Inland Revenue.

[12th May 1893.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray Your Majesty's public expenses, and making an addition to the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several duties herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Customs.

Import duty on 1. The duty of Customs now payable on tea shall continue to be tea levied and paid, on and after the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three until the first day of August one

1393. Customs and Inland Reven ue Act, 1893. Ch. 7. 19

thousand eight hundred and ninety-four, on the importation thereof into Great Britain and Ireland (that is to say): —

Tea, the pound ---- Fourpence.

Excise.

2. The provisions of the Game Licences Act, 18(50, as amended Provision a* to by the Revenue (No. 2) Act, 1861, relating to excise licences to deal in game and the dealing in and selling of game without an c. 90. excise licence shall extend and apply to the dealing in and selling 24 & 25 Vict. of hares, pheasants, partridges, grouse, heath or moor game, black c 91 game, and bustards, imported from foreign parts into Great Britain or Ireland.

Stamps.

3. — (1.) In lieu of the stamp duty of sixpence now payable A» to stamp under the Stamp Act, 1891, upon a contract note, as defined by

section fifty*two of the said Act, for or relating to the sale or 54 & 55 Vict. purchase of any stock or marketable security of the value of one c. 39. hundred pounds or upwards there shall be charged the stamp duty of one shilling.

(2.) The duty imposed by this section is to be denoted by an adhesive stamp appropriated to a contract note and may be added to the charge for brokerage or agency.

4. — (1.) The annual duties imposed by the Stamp Act, 1891, Repeal of under the head " Marketable Security and Foreign or Colonial

Share Certificate " in the First Schedule to the said Act upon a marketable marketable security transferable by delivery and upon a foreign or securities, colonial share certificate shall cease to be payable. or co?oSaT

(2.) Subsection two of section eighty-two and section eighty-five #hare certifi-of the said Act, and the paragraphs numbered five and six under cates, the head " Marketable Security and Foreign or Colonial Share Certificate" in the First Schedule to the said Act, and also the words "and Foreign or Colonial Share Certificate " of that head are hereby repealed.

Income Tax.

5. — (1.) There shall be charged, collected, and paid for the year Grant of duties which commenced on the sixth day of April one thousand eight <*f income tax. hundred and ninety-three, in respect of all property, profits, and gains mentioned or described as chargeable in the Income Tax Act, lfi& , 7 vict 1853, the following duties of income tax (that is to say): — c. 34.

For every twenty shillings of the annual value or amount of property, profits, and gains chargeable under Schedules (A.),

(C.), (D.), or (E.) of the said Act the duty of sevenpenc:

And for every twenty shillings of the annual value of the oc cupation of lands, tenements, hereditaments, an l heritages chargeable under Schedule (B.) of the said Act —

In England the duty of threepence halfpenny:

In Scotland and Ireland respectively, the duty of twopence

halfpenny.

Ch. 7. Customs and Inland Revenue, 1893.

56 Vict.

55 & 56 Vict. c. 16.

Provisions as to duty on dividends, &c., paid prior to the passing of this Act.

5 & 6 Vict.

c. 35.

Appointment of Commissioners of Income Tax in Scotland.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 50.

[Short title.]

(2.) All such provisions contained in any Act relating to income tax as were in force on the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three (except section four of the Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1892), shall have full force and effect with respect to the duties of income tax hereby granted so far as the same are consistent with this Act.

6. — (1.) Where, in the case of any dividends, interest, or other annual profits or gains due or payable half yearly or quarterly in the course of the said year which commenced on the sixth day of April one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three, any half yearly or quarterly payments shall have been made prior to the passing of this Act, the duty of income tax hereby granted, or so much by relation to such duty as shall not have been charged thereon or deducted therefrom shall be charged under Schedule D. in respect of such payments as profits or gains not charged by virtue of any other schedule in conformity with the provision contained in the sixth case of Schedule D., in section one hundred of the Income Tax Act, 1842, and the agents entrusted with the payment of the dividends, interest, or other annual profits or gains, shall furnish a list containing the names and addresses of the persons to whom payments have been made, and the amount of such payments, to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue upon a requisition in that behalf.

(2.) Where any person liable to pay any rent, interest, annuity or other annual payment in the course of the said year shall, on making any such payment prior to the passing of this Act, have not made any deduction or have made an insufficient deduction in respect of the duty of income tax hereby granted he shall be authorised to make the deduction or make up the deficiency on the occasion of the next payment in addition to any other deduction which he may by law be authorised to make.

(3.) The charge or deduction of the duty of income tax at a rate not exceeding the rate hereby granted in the case of any payment made in the course of the said year prior to the passing of this Act shall be deemed to have been a legal charge or deduction.

7. Commissioners for the general purposes of the income tax in Scotland may be appointed by the Commissioners of Supply at the meeting to be held annually in pursuance of subsection two of section twelve of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889, as well as at any meeting convened for the purpose in conformity with the Income Tax Act, 1842.

[Short Title.]

8. This Act may be cited as the Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1893.

Local Authorities Loans (Scotland) Act, 1891, Amendment Act, 1893. Ch. 8.

21

CHAPTER 8.

An Act to amend the Local Authorities Loans (Scotland)

Act, 1891.

[12th May 1893.]

* TX7 WHEREAS doubts have arisen as to the meaning of certain

* provisions contained in the Local Authorities LaanB (Scotland) Act, 1891:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act shall be construed as one with the local Authorities short title. Loans (Scotland) Act, 1891, and may be cited as the Local Authorities Loans (Scotland) Act, 1891, Amendment Act, 1893, and this Act and the Local Authorities Loans (Scotland) Act, 1891, may be

cited together as the Local Authorities Loans (Scotland) Acts, 1891 54 it 55 Vict.

and 1893. c- 34.

2. The first sub-section of section five of the Local Authorities Repeal. Loans (Scotland) Act, 1891, is hereby repealed, and in substitution thereof the following provision shall have effect:

Where the local authority have for the time being any statutory Creation of borrowing power, then, subject and according to the provisions of Stock, this Act and of any amending regulations which may be prescribed by the Secretary for Scotland and confirmed by Her Majesty by Order in Council, the local authority may from time to time, by resolution, exercise the power by creation of redeemable stock, to be from time to time issued for such amount within the limit of the power, at such price, being not lower than ninety-five per centum, to bear such half-yearly or other dividends, and to be so transferable, that is to say, in books or by deed, as the local authority by the resolution direct; provided that all stock at any time and from time to time so created shall be created on and subject to such terms and conditions as that the same shall form one and the same class of stock, bearing one and the same rate of dividend, and shall be redeemable as herein-after provided after the expiration of such one and the same period from the first creation of the stock as the Secretary for Scotland may approve; and the whole of the stock shall be redeemed or purchased and extinguished within such a period not exceeding sixty years from the first creation of the stock, as the Secretary for Scotland may approve.

3. — (1.) Notwithstanding anything contained in the Local Issue of

Authorities Loans (Scotland) Act, 1891, or in this Act, it shall be js^10^3 7 in the power of the Secretary for Scotland, by amending regulations Scotian?

issued under his hand, to prescribe from time to time the manner 54 55 Vict.

in which stock may be created, issued, transferred, dealt with, and c. 04.

22

Ch. 8.

Local Authorities Loam (Scotland) 1891, Amendment Act, 1893.

56 Vict.

Powers of Secretary for Scotland.

redeemed under these Acts, and without prejudice to the generality of the aforesaid power, such regulations may provide for the discharge of any loan raised by such stock, and in the case of consolidation of debt for extending or varying the times within which loans may be discharged, and may provide for the consent of limited owners, and for the disposal of unclaimed dividends or otherwise.

(2.) Such regulations shall be laid before each House of Parliament for not less than thirty days during which such House sits, and if either House during such thirty days resolves that such regulations ought not to be proceeded with, the same shall be of no effect, without prejudice, nevertheless, to the making of further regulations.

(3) If no such resolution is passed, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty by Order in Council to confirm such regulations, and the same when so confirmed shall be of the same force as if they were enacted in this Act, and the Local Authorities Loans (Scotland) Acts, 1891 and 1893, shall be deemed to have been amended accordingly.

4. — (1.) The third sub-section of the fourth section of the Local Authorities Loans (Scotland) Act, 1891, shall be read as if the words "and the method and term of repayment for the purposes of this Act " were inserted after the words "such amount ";

(2.) The second sub-section of the sixth section of the said Act shall be read as if the words "with or without modifications " were inserted after the words "Secretary for Scotland ";

(3.) The third sub-section of the eleventh section of the said Act shall be read as if the word "of" inserted after the word "aforesaid " in the said sub-section were omitted; and as if the following words were inserted at the end of the sub-section, namely:"and " when no such amounts are determined by statute or otherwise, " shall be the amounts prescribed by the Secretary for Scotland "; and

(4.) The fourteenth section of the said Act shall be read as if the words "subject always to the powers and provisions of their local Acts, " were inserted after the words "the local authority may."

(5.) The first sub-section of the fifty-second section of the said Act shad be read as if the following words were inserted at the end of the sub-section, namely:" Provided that where the Secretary for " Scotland has determined the amount which a town council may " borrow on the security of a common good in terms of section " four, sub-section three, of this Act, and any loan has been raised " by issue of stock or otherwise on that security, no such power " other than that of letting from year to year, or on lease for a " period not exceeding five years, shall be exercised in respect of the common good during the continuance of any such loan " without the consent of the Secretary for Scotland, by order under " his hand, both as to the exercise of the power and as to the " application of that purchase money or other money."

1893,

Local Authorities Loans (Scotland) Act, Ch. 8-10. 28

1891, Amendment Act, 1893.

5. The expression "local authority, ' in the Local Authorities Definition Loans (Scotland) Act, 1891, and in this Act, shall include public statutory commissioners or trustees having power to levy a rate autDonty‘ as in the said first-mentioned Act defined.

6. This Act shall extend to Scotland only. Extent of Act.

CHAPTER 9.

An Act to amend the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882.

[9th June 1893.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's roost Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows;

1. This Act may be cited as the Municipal Corporations Act, 1893. sllort tMe-

2. A petition under the thirtieth section of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, may be presented upon a resolution passed by y^ 5. a majority of the whole council, and may pray for the alteration s. so.

of the boundaries of the wards of a borough without any alteration of their number; and where any such petition prays for the alteration of boundaries only, the provisions of the said section shall apply so far as applicable.

3. When the powers conferred by the said section, as 1 mended Ko second by this Act, have been exercised in pursuance of a petition by the

council of any borough, a further petition from the council of the withb^mi same borough shall not be presented bef ore 1 he t x pi ration of seven y<»»-years from the date of the previous Order in Council under the said section, as so amended.

CHAPTER 10.

An Act to amend the Police Acts.

[9 th June 1898.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows 1

L Where a constable belonging to any police force, in pursuance Constables of any general or special direction of the police authority, acts as a ""ploy* fireman or assists in the extinguishment of fire, or in protecting deeroedtoi

be tote

Ch. 10.

Police Act, 1893.

56 Vict.

engaged on life or property from fire, such constable shall be deemed for the

police doty. purposes of the Police Act, 1890, to be in the execution of his

duty.

Borough 2. — (1.) The council of a borough may by resolution delegate

Pollce to the watch committee its powers under sections thirty-two and

fire-brigade. thirty-three of the Town Police Clauses Act, 1847, or under any

10 & li Vict. similar enactments in any local Act; and, where such resolution

c. 89. has been passed, the watch committee may employ constables

wholly or partially as firemen:

Provided that no constable, who at the passing of this Act is not employed to act as fireman, shall be so employed without his consent.

. (2.) The pay of constables exclusively so employed, and the allowances of constables partially so employed, shall be defrayed from the fund or rate which is applicable to the purposes of the fire brigade or fire police.

(3.) The pensions and gratuities granted to such constables, and the allowances and gratuities granted to their widows and children shall be paid out of the police pension fund; but the council shall pay from the fund or rate applicable to the purposes of the fire brigade or fire police to the police pension fund such contribution as the Secretary of State may, by general or special order, determine to be a fair contribution in respect of such pensions, gratuities, and allowances.

Power to 3. — (1.) Where a pension is in pursuance of the Police Act,

increase 1890, granted to a constable on the scale applicable to partial pension. disability for earning a livelihood, the police authority may, within three years from the grant of the pension, if satisfied by the evidence of some legally qualified medical practitioner or prac-.titioners selected by the police authority that the disability attributable to the injury received in the execution of duty has become total, increase the pension to the amount allowed by the provisions of the scale applicable to total disability.

(2.) This section shall apply in the case of all pensions granted since the commencement of the Police Act, 1890.

Amendment of 53 & 54 Vict. c. 45. s. 13 (2).

4. The provisions of subsection two of section thirteen of the Police Act, 1890, shall apply to any constable in receipt of a pension who is appointed to any office remunerated out of any parodfial, district, or other rate.

Extension of 5. A police authority, in addition to the powers of investment Investment of con^erre^ by section eighteen of the Police Act, 1890, may invest pension fund, the capital of the pension fund in debentures or mortgages issued or made by a county council in pursuance of the powers conferred by section sixty-nine subsection eight of the Local Government Act, 1888.

Amendment of Sch. I.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 45.

6. In Schedule I.: (11) (c) of the Police A(t, 1890, for the words (" where a constable has, in the course of the three years " next before the date of his retirement or death, been in more " than one rank") shall be substituted the words ("where a

Police Act 1893. Ch. 10, 11.

25

" constable at the date of his retirement or death holds a rank to " which he has been promoted within the three years previous ").

7. This Act shall be read as one with the Police Act, 1890, and Construction nothing in this Act shall interfere with or diminish the powers of and the Secretary of State, under section seventeen of that Act.

8. — (1.) The words " any mischief by fire and " in section fourteen Partial of the Town Police Clauses Act, 1847, are hereby repealed, and this Act shall have effect notwithstanding anything in any other Act, c. 89, and local or general, to the contrary. amendment of

(2.) Where any local Act of order contains provisions as to a fire brigade or fire police, the Secretary of State may frame and submit to Parliament a provisional order repealing or modifying such provisions so as to bring them into harmony with the provisions of this Act, and he may by such order unite any existing fire brigade pension fund with the police pension fund, and may make any other adjustments which may appear to him to be necessary in order to give effect to this Act.

[Short title.]

9. This Act may be cited as the Police Act, 1893; and the Police Acts, 1839 to 1890, and this Act may be cited together as

the Police Acts, 1839 to 1893.

CHAPTER 11.

An Act to amend the Public Libraries Act, 1892.

[9th June 1893.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Public Libraries (Amendment)

Act, 1893, and shall be construed as one with the Public Libraries 55 & 56 vict Act, 1892 (in this Act referred to as the principal Act), anc[these c- 53-two Acts may be together cited as the Public Libraries Acts, 1892 and 1893.

2. — (1.) Where a library district is an urban district — Modification as

(i) The principal Act may, subject to the conditions contained wbandi^ in the second section of that Act, be adopted, and the limita- tricts. tion of the maximum rate to be levied for the purposes of that Act may within the limits fixed by that Act be fixed, raised, or removed, by a resolution of the urban authority under this Act:

(ii.) The consent of the urban authority given by a resolution of that authority under this Act shall be substituted in an urban

Ch. 11.

Public Libraries (Amendment), 1893. 56 Vict.

Provision as to a resolution of an urban authority for the adoption, 8co. of the principal Act.

Power to two or more library authorities to combine.

district for the consent of the voters in any case when the consent of the voters is required under the principal Act (2.) Section three of the principal Act is hereby repealed, so far as it relates to an urban district.

3. — (1.) A resolution under this Act shall be passed at a meeting of the urban authority, and one month at least before the meeting special notice of the meeting and of the intention to propose the resolution shall be given to every member of the authority, and the notice shall be deemed to have been duly given to a member of it, if it is either —

(a) given in the mode in which notices to attend meetings of the authority are usually given; or

(b)where there is no such mode, then signed by the clerk of the authority, and delivered to the member or left at his usual or last-known place of abode in England, or forwarded by post in a prepaid letter, addressed to the member' at his usual or last-known place of abode in England.

(2.) The resolution shall be published by advertisement in some one or more newspapers circulating within the district of the authority, and by causing notice thereof to be affixed to the principal doors of every church and chapel in the place to which notices are usually fixed, and otherwise in such manner as the authority think sufficient for giving notice thereof to all persons interested, and shall come into operation at a time not less than one month after the first publication of the advertisement of the resolution as the authority may by the resolution fix.

(3.) A copy of the resolution shall be sent to the Local Government Board.

(4.) A Copy of the advertisement shall be conclusive evidence of the resolution having been passed, unless the contrary be shown; and no objection to the effect of the resolution, on the ground that notice of the intention to propose the same was not duly given, or on the ground that the resolution was not sufficiently published, shall be made after three months from the date of the first advertisement.

4. — (1.) Where the principal Act is adopted for two or more neighbouring urban districts, the library authorities of those districts may by agreement combine for any period for carrying the Act into execution; and the expenses of carrying the Act into execution shall be defrayed by such authorities in such proportions as may be agreed on by them.

(2.) For the purposes of the Act a joint committee may be formed, the members whereof ."hall be appointed by the several combining authorities in such proportions as maybe agreed on, but need not be members of any of the combining authorities. Any such committee shall have such of the powers of a library authority under the principal Act, except the power of borrowing money, as the combining authorities may agree to confer upon them.

Public Libraries (Amendment) Act, 1898. Ch. 11, 12.

27

(3.) Where any of the combining authorities are improvement commissioners or a local board the provisions of the principal Act with respect to accounts and audit shall apply to such committee as if they were a local board who were a library authority under the Act.

CHAPTER 12.

An Act to make provision for the establishment of Pay Industrial Schools in Scotland and to amend the Education (Scotland) Acts, 1872 to 1883.

[9th June 1893.]

* VT* WHEREAS it is expedient to make further provision for the education of poor and neglected children and for the establishment of day industrial schools in Scotland, and for that purpose to amend and extend the Education (Scotland) Acts, 1872 to 1883:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's mast Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Day Industrial Schools (Scotland) Act, 1893, and this Act and the Education (Scotland) Acts, 1872 to 1883, shall be construed together as one Act, and may be cited as the Education (Scotland) Acts, 1872 to 1893.

2. This Act shall apply to Scotland only.

Day Industrial Schools.

2. — (1.) If a Secretary of State is satisfied that, owing to the circumstances of any class of population in any parish or burgh, a school in which industrial training, elementary education, and one or more meals a day, but not lodging, are provided for the children, is necessary or expedient for the proper training and control of the children of such class, he may, in like manner as under the Industrial Schools Act, 1866, certify any such school (in this Act referred to as a day industrial school) in the neighbourhood of the said population to be a certified day industrial school.

(2.) Any child authorised by the Industrial Schools Act, 1866, to be sent to a certified industrial school may, if the court before whom the child is brought think it expedient, be sent to a certified day industrial school; any child sent to a certified day industrial school by an order of a court (other than an attendance order) may during the period specified in the order be there detained during such hours as may be authorised by the rules of the school approved by the said. Secretary of State.

[Short title.]

Application.

Establish* meat, &c. of day industrial schools.

29 & 80 Vict. c. 118.

28

Ch. 12. Day Industrial Schools (Scotland) Act, 1893. 56 Vict.

85 & 86 Vict. c. 62.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 56.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 53.

(3.) (a) A school board shall have the same power of establishing and maintaining certified day industrial schools as they have of establishing and maintaining certified industrial schools under section forty-one of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1872, and the expense of maintaining such schools, including industrial training and meals, shall form a proper charge on the school fund.

Provided that for that purpose they may acquire by purchase, or take on lease, any existing schools and teachers' houses, together with any land used or suitable to be used in connexion therewith, without the restriction imposed by section thirty-seven of the said Act.

(6.) A school board may contribute such sums of money and on such conditions as it may think fit towards the establishment, building, alteration, or management of a certified industrial school or certified day industrial school, or the purchase of land required for such a school, or the support of the inmates thereof.

(c) For the purposes of this Act two or more school boards, whether of parishes or burghs, with the consent of a Secretary of State, may combine and agree together to establish and maintain a certified industrial school, or a certified day industrial school, or both, common to such parishes or burghs.

(4.) In the case of any complaint under section nine of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1883, a court of summary jurisdiction may order a child to attend a certified day industrial school in the same manner and under the same conditions as such court is empowered by that section to order a child to attend a public or inspected school.

(5.) The county council of any county or the magistrates of any burgh may contribute to any certified day industrial school on the same terms as they may contribute to any industrial school under section sixty-seven of the Prisons (Scotland) Act, 1877.

(6.) There may be contributed out of moneys provided by Parliament towards the custody, industrial training, elementary education, and meals of children sent by an order of a court other than an attendance order to a certified day industrial school such sums not exceeding one shilling per head per week, and on such conditions as a Secretary of State from time to time recommends.

(7.) Where a court of summary jurisdiction orders a child to be sent to a certified day industrial school, the court shall also order the parent of such child, if liable to maintain him, to contribute to his industrial training, elementary education, and meals in the school such sum not exceeding two shillings per week as is named in the order; it shall be the duty of the school board to obtain and enforce the said order, and every sum paid under the order shall be paid into the school fund.

(8.) The managers of a certified day industrial school may, upon the request of the parent of a child, and upon the undertaking of

1893. Bay Industrial Schools (Scotland), 1893. Ch. 12.

29

the parent to pay towards the industrial training, elementary education, and meals of such child such sum, not less than one shilling a week, as a Secretary of State from time to time fixes, receive such child into the school under an attendance order or without an order of a court; and there may be contributed out of moneys provided by Parliament in respect of that child such sum not exceeding sixpence a week, and on auch conditions as a Secretary of State from time to time recommends.

(9.) It shall be lawful for Her Majesty from time to time, by Order in Council, to apply to a certified day industrial school the provisions of the Industrial Schools Act, 1866, and the Acts amending the same, with such modifications as appear to Her Majesty to be necessary or proper for adapting such provisions to a day industrial school, and bringing them into conformity with this Act; and such Order may provide that a child may be punished for an offence by being sent to a certified industrial in lieu of a certified reformatory school, or may otherwise mitigate any punishment imposed by the said Act.

It shall be lawful for Her Majesty^ from time to time, by Order in Council, to revoke and vary any Order in Council made under this section.

Every such Order shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within one month after it is made if Parliament be then sitting, or if not, within one month after the beginning of the then next session of Parliament, and while in force shall have effect as if it were enacted in this Act.

(10.) A Secretary of State may from time to time make, and when made revoke and vary, the forms of orders for sending a child to a day industrial school, and the manner in which children are to be sent to such school.

(11.) If a Secretary of State is of opinion that, by reason of a change of circumstances or otherwise, a certified day industrial school ceases to be necessary or expedient for the proper training and control of the children of any class of population in the neighbourhood of that school, he may, after due notice, withdraw the certificate of the school, and thereupon such school shall cease to be a certified day industrial school.

Provided that the reasons for withdrawing such certificate shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within one month after notice of the withdrawal is given if Parliament be then sitting, or if not, within one month after the then next meeting of Parliament.

4. Section ten of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1883, is hereby repealed, and in lieu thereof it is enacted as follows:— Where an attendance order is not complied with, without any reasonable excuse within the meaning of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1883, a court of summary jurisdiction, on complaint made by the school board, may, if it think fit, order as follows:

(1.) In the first case of non-compliance, if the parent of the

chi'd does not appear, or appears and fails to satisfy the court

viOO? 1C

99 & 30 Vict. c. 118.

Proceedings on disobedience to order of court for attendance at school.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 56.

30

Ch. 12. Day Industrial Schools (Scotland), 1893. 56 Vict.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 118.

Licence to child Bent to industrial school to live out while attending school.

Procedure in cases of default.

that he has used all reasonable efforts to enforce compliance with the order, the court may impose a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings with expenses, or of imprisonment not exceeding fourteen days; but if the court is satisfied that he has used a'l reasonable efforts as aforesaid, the court may, without inflicting a penalty, order the child to be sent to a certified day industrial school, or to a certified industrial school; and

(2.) In the second or any subsequent case of non-compliance with the order, the court may order the child to be sent to a certified day industrial school, or to a certified industrial school, and may further in its discretion inflict any such penalty as aforesaid, or it may for each such non-compliance inflict any such penalty as aforesaid without ordering the child to be sent to an industrial school:

Provided that a complaint under this section with respect to a continuing non-compliance with any attendance order shall, not be repeated by the school board at any less interval than one month.

An order under this section directing a child to be sent to a certified industrial school or certified day industrial school shall specify the time during which the child is to be liable to detention in the school, being such period as to the court seems proper, not exceeding three years, nor extending beyond the time when the child will, in the opinion of the court, attain the age of fourteen years.

A child shall be sent to a certified industrial school or certified day industrial school in pursuance of this section in like manner as if sent in pursuance of the Industrial Schools Act, 1866, and when so sent shall be deemed to have been sent in pursuance of that Act and the Acts amending the same; and the parent, if liable under the said Acts to contribute to the maintenance and training of his child when sent to an industrial school, shall be liable so to contribute when his child is sent in pursuance of this section.

5. Where a child is sent to a certified industrial school under this Act the managers of such industrial school may, if they think fit, at any time after the child has been detained in such school for any continuous period of one month, and shall, after the child has been detained in such school for any continuous period of three months, give him a licence under section twenty-seven of the Industrial Schools Act, 1866, to live out of the school, but the licence shall be conditional upon the child attending as a day scholar, in such regular manner as is specified in the licence, some school willing to receive him and named in the licence, and being a public or inspected school.

Miscellaneous.

6. Where a person fails to pay any weekly sum payable by him in pursuance of an order made under this Act, he may be dealt with

1893. Day Industrial Schools (Scotland), 1893. Ch. 12, 13. 31

in like manner as if the sums due from him were sums decerned for aliment.

7. The consent of one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of of

State, and not of the Scotch Education Department, shall be of State^ required for the establishing, building, and maintaining of a certified industrial or day industrial school by a school board, and

to the spreading of the payment of the expense of such establish-

ment and building over a number of years not exceeding fifty,

and to the borrowing of money for that purpose; and for the purpose of such borrowing section forty-five of the Education 35 & 86 vict

(Scotland) Act, 1872, shall be held to apply to the loan in like c. 62.

manner as if one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State

were substituted therein for the Board of Education, and such

establishment and building shall be deemed to be a work for

which a school board is authorised to borrow within the meaning 8g & 89 y.

of the First Schedule to the Public Works Loans Act, 1875. c. 89.

8. No order shall be made under this Act, or under the Indus- Brwhoru trial Schools Act, 1866, directing a child to be sent to a certified ^4tobe industrial school, or certified day industrial school, except by a

sheriff or by any two justices of the peace or any magistrate or magistrates who have jurisdiction under the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Acts, sitting in open court.

9. Nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to alter, Saving of prejudice, or affect any of the provisions of the Glasgow Juvenile 41 & 42 vict-Delinquency Prevention and Repression Act, 1878, or any orders c*cxxl* made in pursuance of that Act. Provided nevertheless that the enactment in section thirty of that Act, " that if a parent resident

" in any parish is unable to pay the sum required by the said " order to be paid, he or the directors or managers shall apply to " the parochial board of the parish, who, if satisfied of such " inability, shall pay out of the poor fund the said sum, or so " much thereof as they consider him unable to pay, " is hereby repealed.

CHAPTER 13.

An Act to enable sanitary authorities in Ireland to take possession of land for the erection of temporary Cholera Hospitals.

[9th June 1893.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Upon the publication in the Dublin Gazette of an order Sanitary made by the Lord Lieutenant in Council declaring that a case of ^tho^' the infectious disease known as spasmodic or Asiatic cholera has po^elsion of occurred in Ireland, the authority of any sanitary district, having site.

32

Ch. 13.

Cholera Hospitals (Ireland) Act, 1893.

56 Vict.

Notice to occupier.

Site not to be within three hundred yards of dwelling-house, &c.

Compensation to occupier.

Limit of land to be taken. Restoration and delivery of possession.

Penalties.

first obtained the permission in writing of the Local Government Board for Ireland (herein-after called "the Local Government Board "), and given such notice as is prescribed in this Act, may take possession of any site, except as herein-after mentioned, within or contiguous to that sanitary district, and specified in such written permission, for the purpose of erecting thereon a temporary hospital.

2. It shall be sufficient notice to the owner, occupier, or other persons affected, if a notice is posted at the place heretofore used for posting public notices, outside the workhouse, police station, church and chapel, nearest to the site within the sanitary district, stating that it is intended to take possession of such site, on a day specified in the notice, not being less than five days from the posting thereof; provided that an affidavit is made in the case of an occupier resident within the sanitary district, that lie has been served with a copy of such notice, or that a reasonable effort has been made to serve him, or, in the case of an occupier not so resident, that a registered letter has been forwarded to his last known address.

3. No site shall be taken under this Act, which is within three hundred yards of a dwelling-house, or which has any building or offices thereon, or which is enclosed or used as a garden, pleasure, or recreation ground, or which forms part of any park or of any enclosed demesne land, without the consent of the occupier of such house or land; and no site shall be taken under this Act which is within three hundred yards of any church, chapel, police barrack, schoolhouse, factory, workshop, or other building where any trade or mercantile operation is being carried on.

4. The owner or occupier of any land taken under this Act shall be entitled to such rent and compensation for damage as the Local Government Board may award, and such rent and compensation shall be paid by the sanitary authority of the district within one month after the award is made.

5. Not more than two statute acres shall be taken for any site; and within two months after it has been certified to the sanitary authority by the medical officers of health of the sanitary district that cholera has ceased to exist within the district, and that there is no longer any occasion for such temporary hospital, the sanitary authority shall remove the same and all foundations, debris, and other materials, and restore the surface of the ground to the same state, so far as may be possible, in which it was found by them on taking possession, and shall deliver up the possession of the land so taken to the person in whose occupation it was immediately prior to the taking possession thereof.

6. Any person molesting or obstructing the officers of or persons deputed by a sanitary authority when carrying out the provisions of this Act shall be liable on conviction before a court of summary jurisdiction, composed of not less than two justices or one resident magistrate, to a fine not exceeding five pounds or to a tenn of imprisonment not exceeding two months.

1893.

Cholera Hospitals (Ireland) Act, 1893. Ch. 13, 14.

33

7. In any case in which the sanitary authority of any maritime Definition of union have been directed by order of the Local Government Board ^Tstrict

to exercise jurisdiction for the prevention or suppression of cholera 18 nc' over any port which includes portion of any other union, then the words "sanitary district " in this Act shall be construed to include such portion of the lands comprised within the limits of the port as lies within one mile of high-water mark.

8. The powers conferred upon sanitary authorities by this Act Duration of

shall not be exercised after the first day of May one thousand eight St"/* hundred and ninety-four, authorities.

9. Thin Act may be cited for all purposes as the Cholera Sh?rt tit, e Hospitals (Ireland) Act, 1893, and shall extend to Ireland only. Act.extent of

CHAPTER 14.

An Act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing Enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary.

[9th June 1893.]

' TXT' WHEREAS it is expedient that certain enactments, which may v T he regarded as spent, or have ceased to be in force otherwise than by express specific repeal by Parliament, or have, by lapse of time or otherwise become unnecessary, should bo expressly and specifically repealed:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The enactments described in the schedule to this Act are Enactments hereby repealed, subject to the provisions of this Act and subject in schedule to the exceptions and qualifications in the schedule mentioned; and repea e every part of a title, preamble, or recital specified after the words <f in part, namely, " in connexion with an Act mentioned in the said schedule may he omitted from any revised edition of the statutes published by authority after the passing of this Act, and there may he added in the said edition such brief statement of the Acts, officers, persons, and things mentioned in the title, preamble, or recital, as may in consequence of such omission appear necessary:

Provided as follows:

The repeal of any words or expressions of enactment described in the said schedule shall not affect the binding force, operation, or construction of any statute, or of any part of a statute, whether as respects the past or the future;

and where any enactment not comprised in the said schedule has been repealed, confirmed, revived, or perpetuated by any enactment

34

Ch. 14.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1893.

56 Vict.

Application of repealed enactments in local courts.

Citation by short tides.

[Short title.]

hereby repealed, such repeal, confirmation, revivor, or perpetuation shall not be affected by the repeal effected by this Act;

and the repeal by this Act of any enactment or schedule shall not affect any enactment in which such enactment or schedule has been applied, incorporated, or referred to;

nor shall such repeal of any enactment affect any right to any hereditary revenues of the Crown, or affect any charges thereupon or prevent any such enactment from being put in force for the collection of any such revenues, or otherwise in relation thereto;

and this Act shall not affect the validity, invalidity, effect, or consequences of anything already done or suffered, — or any existing status or capacity, — or any right, title, obligation, or liability, already acquired, accrued, or incurred, or any remedy or proceeding in respect thereof, — or any release or discharge of or from any debt, penalty, obligation, liability, claim, or demand, — or any indemnity, — or the proof of any past act or thing;

nor shall this Act affect any principle or rule of law or equity, or established jurisdiction, form or course of pleading, practice, or procedure, or the general or public nature of any statute, or any existing usage, franchise, liberty, custom, privilege, restriction, exemption, office, appointment, payment, allowance, emolument, or benefit, or any prosj)ective right, notwithstanding that the *ame respectively may have been in any manner affirmed, recognised, or derived by, in, or from any enactment hereby repealed;

nor shall this Act revive or restore any jurisdiction, office, duty, drawback, fee, payment, franchise, liberty, custom, liability, right, title, privilege, restriction, exemption, usage, practice, procedure, form of punishment, or other matter or thing not now existing or in force;

and this Act shall not extend to repeal any enactment so far as the same may be in force in any part of Her Majesty's dominions out of the United Kingdom, except where otherwise expressed in the said schedule.

2. If and so far as any enactment repealed by this Act applies or may have been by Order in Council applied to the court of the county palatine of Lancaster or to any inferior court of civil jurisdiction, such enactment shall be construed as if it were contained in a local and personal Act specially relating to such court and shall have effect ac-.ordingly.

3. Where any Act cites or refers to another Act otherwise than by its short title, the short title may, in any revised edition of the Statutes printed by authority, be printed in substitution for such citation or reference.

4. This Act may be cited as ilie Statute Law Revision Act, 1893.

SCHEDULE.

7 Will. 4. & I Vict. c. 25.1

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 20.

7 Will. 4.& 1 Vict. c. 28.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 50.

7 Will. 4.& I Vict. c. 54

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 67.

7 Will. 4. & I Vict. c 69.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 72.

7 Will.4. & 1 Vict. c. 83.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 20.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 94.

I

The Dublin Police Act, 1837.

In part; namely, —

Section one, from " from ami after" to "of the said district, " and from "instead" to "Metropolis" where that word last occurs.

Section two, to " enacted that."

The Wills Act, 1837.

In part; namely, —

From " lie it" to "same, that."

The Real Property Limitation Act, 1837.

In part; namely, —

From " Re it declared " to w same, that."

An Act, the title of which begins with the words "An Act to facilitate" and ends with the words "the Fourth."

In part; namely, —

I rom "15c it therefore " to " of the same that."

An Act the title of which begins with the Words " An Act to provide, " and ends with the words "the same."

In part; namely, —

Section one, from " and the first" to " this Act."

An Act, the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the word "Workmen."

In part; namely, —

From " by the Queen's " to " of the some."

The Tithe Act, 1837.

In part; namely, —

From " Be it enacted " to " of the same that."

An Act, the title of which begins with the words "An Act to provide " and ends with the word Majesty."

In part; namely, —

From "Be it therefore" to "of the same, that."

The Parliamentary Documents Doposit Act, 1837.

In part; namely, —

Front " Be it therefore " to "of the same, that."

The Queen Anno's Bounty Act, 1838.

In port; namely, —

Section three, the word "thereafter."

The Public Record Oflico Act, 1838.

In part'; namely, —

Section nineteen, the words "at the discretion of the court " and from " 0£, for any term " to the end of the section.

n a

56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 114. - t The Debtors (Scotland) Act, 1838. In part; namely, — Section twenty-two to " arrestments j and " and from ° bu.t saving " to the end of the section.

I A 2 Vict. c. 116. j 1 1 An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to facilitate and ends with the word "Ireland." In part; namely, — From "Be it therefore " to "of the same that." Section one, the words "within ope month from the passing of this Act and."

2 & 3 Vict. c. 50. | i:The Public Works (Ireland) Act, 1839. In part; namely, — Section twelve.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 58. - i . 1 An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to make " and ends with the word "Cornwall." In part; namely, — Section five, from "anything" to the end of the section.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 65. - j 1 An Act to improve the practice and extend the jurisdiction of the High Court of Admiralty of England. In part; namely, — Section one.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 82. An Act for further amending the Act for abolishing Arrest ou Mesne Process in Civil Actions, In part; namely, — From " Now therefore " to " of the same, that."

3 & 4 Vict. c. 88. - The County Police Act, 1840. In part; namely, — Section eighteen.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 96. - The Post Office (Duties) Act, 1840. In port; namely, — Section twelve, the words "or of the said recited Act"

3 & 4 Vict. c. 105. The Debtors (Ireland) Act, 1840. In part; namely Section twenty, the words "after the time appointed for the commencement of this Act, " and "the Governor and Company of, "

3 & 4 Vict. c. 108. - The Municipal Corporations (Ireland) Act, 1840. In part; namely, — Section one hundred and twenty, the word "respectively " where it last occurs. Schedule (C), No. 10, the words "thence along the " north-western face of such quay to the point first 1 " dewribed; ";

Reign and Chapter. Title.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 113. The Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1840. In part; namely, — The words " for England " wherever they occur in sections twenty, forty-seven to fifty-one, fifty-three, fifty-four, fifty-six, fifty-seven, sixty-five to sixty-eight, seventy-six to seventy-nine, eighty-one, eighty-three, and ninety. Section forty-three, from " Provided always " to the end of the section. Sections fifty, fifty-four, and fifty-six, the words "and their successors." Section sixty-one, from "the Reverend" to "and . nlao."

4 & 5 Vict. c. 35. The Copyhold Act, 1841. In part; namely, — Section eighty-five, the word "thereafter."

4 & 5 Vict. c. 38. The School Sites Act, 1841. In part; namely, — Section ten, the words "or stewartry."

4 & 5 Vict. c. 39. The Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1841. In part; namely, — The words " for England " wherever they occur in sections one, three, twelve, seventeen, eighteen, twenty-one, twenty-three, twenty-five, twenty-! seven, twenty-nine, and thirty. Section twelve, the words "and their successors."

4 & 5 Vict. c. 45. The Sewers Act, 1841. In part; namely, — From " May it therefore " to " of the same, that."

5 & 6 Vict. c. 7. 1 An Act to explain the Acts for the belter Regulation | of certain Apprentices. In part; namely, — From "Be it declared " to " of the same, that."

5 & 6 Vict. c. 29. An Act for establishing a Prison at Pentonville. I In part f namely, — i From "Be it enacted by " to " of the same, that."

5 & 6 Vict. c. 45. | The Copyright Act, 1842. In part; namely, — ! Section fourteen, from "Court of Common" to i " vacation, " from " by a motion " to " as aforesaid, " 1 and the words "or judge " occurring twice. Section fifteen, the words "after the passing of this 1 Act."

5 & 0 Vict. c. 74. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the word "Dublin.", In part; namely, — 1 Section six, the words "after the passing of tin's Act."

Statute Law Revision Act, 1893.

50 VitT.

Hcign and Chapter.

Title.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 80.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 82.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 89.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 103.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 10G.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 108.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 123.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 22.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 19.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 107.

- An Act tho title of which begins with the words "An Act to grant" and ends with the word "States."

In part; namely, —

Title, from " to grant" to " Cases, and."

- An Act tho title of which begins with the words "An Act to assimilate " and ends with the words "forty-five." In part; namely, —

Section two, from " and also for and in respect of plate " to " wrought in Great Britain."

Section six, from " except those " to " Exemptions, and from " and every " to " contained."

- The Drainage (Ireland) Act, 1842.

In part; namely, —

Section one hundred and thirty-three, the words "at the discretion of the Court " and " or to be imprisoned for any term not exceeding two years."

- An Act for abolishing certain offices of the High Court of

: Chancery in England.

In part; namely, —

Section eleven, the words "or attorney" occurring twice, and from "of the llighOourt* to the end of the section.

- 1 The Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1842.

In part; namely, —

Section twenty-one.

Section ninety-five, j Section ninety-nine.

- I The Ecclesiastical Leasing Act, 1842.

I In part; namely, —

The words " for England " in sections six, twelve to fourteen, twenty, and twenty-nine.

The Private Lunatic Asylums (Ireland) Act, 1842.

I In part; namely, —

J Section fourteen, the words "after the commencement of this Act."

- An Act the title of which begins with tho words "An Act to authorize" and ends with the word "Proceedings."

In part; namely, —

From " Be it therefore " to " of the some, that " and I the word "that" before "every."

- | An Act for regulating the Bailiffs of Inferior Courts.

I In part; namely, —

From " For remedy whereof " to " of the same, that."

- I An Act to regulate and reduce the Expenses of the Offices I attached to the Superior Courts of Law in Ireland payable

out of the Consolidated Fund.

I I"sS."S$-7^-»

7 & 8 Vict. c. 108. - j 1 The Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1844. In part; namely, — Section three.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 35. An Act to simplify the Form and diminish the E\pence of obtaining Inf eft men t in Heritable Property in Scotland. In part; namely, — i Section one, from " or the particular " to " warrant of infeftment."

8 & 9 Vict. c. 83. i ! An Act the title of which begins with the words "An 1 Act for tho Amendment " and ends with the words "in Scotland." In part; namely, — Section four, from " and the sheriffs " to the end of the section.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 108. - The Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1845. In part; namely, — Section three, from "Provided always" to the end of the section. Sections five and six. Section sixteen. Sections twenty-four and twenty-five.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 14. - j The Markets and Fairs Clauses Act, 1847. In part; namely, — i Section three, tho words *4 ward or other " and i " or ward of a county."

10 & 11 Vict. c. 15. - The Gasworks Clauses Act, 1847. In part; namely, — Section three, tho words " ward or other " and ! " or ward of a county."

[Preamble.]

10 & 11 Vict. c. 10. - ! The Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847. In part; namely, — Section three, the words "ward or other " and " or ward of a county."

10 & 11 Vict. c. 17. - The Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847. In part; namely, — | Section three, the words "ward or other " and " or ward of a county."

10 & 11 Vict. c. 27. -! 1 j ! The Harbours Docks and Piers Clauses Act, 1847. \ In part; namely, — Section three) the words "ward or other " and (" or ward of a county."

10 & 11 Vict. c. 33. -1 1 An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend" and ends with the word li Scotland." In part; namely, — Title, the words "and Scotland." Section three, the^prg

Statute Law Revision Act, 1863.

56 VICT.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 46. An Act the title of which begins with the words "Aft Act to facilitate " and ends with the word "Ireland." In pnrt; namely, — From "Be it therefore "to " of the same that."

10 & 11 Vict. c. 52. - The Representative Peers (Scotland) Act, 1847. In part; namely, — From "Be it therefore " to " of the same that."

[Preamble.]

10 All Vict. c. 91. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to direct" and ends with the Words " in Scotland." In part; namely, —

10 & 11 Vict- c. 92. - The Mussel Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1847. In part; namely, — Preamble and to " authority of the same, that."

11 & 12 Vict. c. 92. - The Fisheries (Ireland) Actj 1848. In part; namely, — Section one, from " and the said recited Acts and " to end of section. Section thirty-nine, to " provided always that, " and from " anything in " to end of section.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 13. - The Petty Sessions Act, 1849. In part; namely, — From "Be it therefore " to " of the same that."

12 & 13 Vict. c. 97. - 1; The Dublin Improvement Act, 1849. In part; namely, — Section fifty-one.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 43. - t The Court of Chancery of Lancaster Act, 1850. In part; namely, — From "Be it therefore " to " of the same that."

13 & 14 Vict. c. 88. - The Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1850. In part; namely, — Section fifteen to " or used " where those words secondly occur. Section sixteen. Sections thirty-two and thirty-three. Section thirty-five, to " enacted that." Section forty-eight, the words "or suit." Section fifty-five.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 101. - The Poor Law Amendment Act, 1850. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " authority of the same that."

14 & 15 Vict. c. 28. The Common Lodging Houses Act, 1851. In part; namely, — Section three from " as follows " to " police district" and from " or such " to " of State." Section four, From as fdllows " to " police district."

Reign and Chapter. 14 & 15 Vict. c. 49.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 57.

14 <& 15 Vict. c. 92.

14 & 15 Vict a93.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 51. 15 & 16 Vict. c. 72.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act i to repeal " nnd ends with the words "lien thereof."

In part; namely, —

1 Section two, the words "the Lord High Admiral or

1 for."

The words " Lord High Admiral or " wherever they occur in sections two, three, and six.

The Civil Bill Courts (Ireland) Act, 1851.

In part; namely, —

Section fifteen, from M that at "to " Act or, " and the word "other " where it next occurs.

Section seventeen, from " and upon " to end of i section.

I Section twenty-four, to " Provided always that, " and from and from thenceforth " to " determine." Section one hundred, from "and in default" to, "such summons, " where those words secondly

1 occur, and from " and either " to " Courts."

Section one hundred and one, from " residing out " j to "heard, " and from "and not exceeding" to

" barrister " where that word next occurs.

Schedule B., Class I., and from "His successors"

1 where those words first occur to end of Schedule.

I The Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland) Act, 1851.

In part; namely, —

Section nine, sub-section four, from " or cut " to " from ! any such road."

t The Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851.

I In part; namely, —

I Section twelve, sub-section one, from "and any

such " to end of sub-section, j Section twenty-one, the words "according to the

I Form (D.)

Section twenty-two, sub-section three, from " Not

i exceeding" where it secondly occurs to "two

months."

Section twenty-four, from " provided always " to end of section.

Section thirty-six, from " that it shall be " to " Pro-i vided also."

Schedule, Form (D.).

' The Copyhold Act, 1852.

! In part; namely, —

Section fifty-four, the words "the said recited Acts 1 and, " from " or any " to "legal instruments, " from

: "The Copyhold" where those words first occur

to " 1844, or " and the words "as the case may be."

(An Act to grant a Representative Constitution to the Colony j of New Zealand.

! In part; namely, —

Section thirty-four, except as to appointments made before the 17th September 1891.

Repealed as to all *&0&hjesty's dominions.

56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 112.- The Dublin Carriage Act, 1863. In part; namely, — Section seventy-eight, from " and shall be brought " to "elsewhere, " from "or if a sufficient" to "defendant" where that word next occurs, the words "on demurrer or otherwise, " and from " and although " to end of section.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 113. - I i The Common Law Procedure Amendment (Ireland) Act, 1863. In part; namely, — Section four, from " and no provision " to " defending in person." Section thirty-six. Sections forty-six and forty-seven. Section fifty-two. Section sixty. Section sixty-four, from " and the opposite " to end of section. Sections sixty-five to sixty-seven. Sections one hundred and throe to one hundred and eight. Sections one hundred and twenty to one hundred and twenty-five. Section one hundred and thirty-one, from "or if the 1 Court " to " bail." Sections one hundred and fifty-nine and one hundred and sixty. Section one hundred and sixty-two, the words "or insolvency " twice occurring. Section one hundred and sixty-three. Sections one hundred and ninety-one to one hundred and ninety-three. Section two hundred and thirty, from "in case the goods " to " amount to " where those words thirdly occur and from " or so much " to " unto." Section two hundred and thirty-two, from "nod the Court " to " judgments, " from " except notices " to "courts, " and from "and where" to end of section.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 119. - The Betting Act, 1853. In part; namely, — Section sixteen, from " and in case " to end of section.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 38. The Gaming Houses Act, 1854. In part; namely, — Section thirteen, from and in case " to end of section.

1 17 & 18 Vict. c. 76. -; The Convict Prisons (Ireland). Act, 1854. In part; namely, — Section seven. Section nine.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 82. - The Court of Chancery of Lancaster Act, 1854. In part; namely, — Section fifteen, from "the said" to "Act or" and from " respectively os " to " 1850; and."

17 & 18 Vict. c. 89. - The Spirits (Ireland) Act, 1854. In part; namely, — Section two, from " and to carry " to " officer." 1 Section four, the words "and shall be delivered to some revenue officer."

17 & 18 Vict. c. 104.- i The Merchant Shipping Act, 1854. 1 In port; namely, — Section twenty-nine, the words "with the approval of the Board of Trade" and "with the like i approval."

18 & 19 Vict. c. 119. - The Passengers Act, 1855. In part; namely, — Section eight, from " acting under " to " of State " and from " Provided " to the end of the section. Section thirty, from " acting by " to " of State " and from " issued " to " Commissioners, aud." Section thirty-seven, the words "for the time being " j mid from " issued " to " Commissioners, and."; Section sixty-six, the words "in I/ondon." Section sixty-seven, the words "at their office in London " and " in London " wherever those words, occur. Section seventy-one, from " issued " to " them, and." Section eighty-four, the words "under the hands of any two of them."

19 & 20 Vict. c. 9. - 1 The Public Money Drainage Act, 1856. In part; namely, — .Section fourteen.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 68. - An Act to further amend the Law relating to Prisons in f Ireland. ! In part; namely, — Section one, from " the fifth " to " 1849." Section seven. Sections.twenty and twenty-one. Section thirty-two, the words "less than six or."

19 & 20 Vict. c. 69. i i t t The County and Borough Police Act, 1856. In part; namely, — Section fourteen, the words "in the month of October in" and from "for the year" to "then last."

19 & 20 Vict. c. 102. -; The Common Law Procedure Amendment Act (Ireland), J 1856. In part; namely, — Section thirty* seven. | Sections fifty-oi^fe

56 View.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 102 — cont. Sections sixty and sixty-one. Section seventy-six. Sections seventy-eight to eighty. Section eighty-Four. Section ninety, as to bills of exchange. Section ninety-one. Section ninety-eight, from " 23 " to " 35." Sections ninety-nine to one hundred and two.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 104. - The New Parishes Act, 1856. In part; namely, — Section thirty-five, the words "the said recited Acts or, " «1843, 1844, or, " and "as the case may require."

20 & 21 Vict. c. 60. - The Irish Bankrupt and Insolvent Act, 1857. Iu part; namely, — Section fifteen, from " and if" to end of section. Section nineteen. Section twenty-one, from " on or before " to " fifty-seven and, " and the word "thereafter." Section twenty-four, from " with the body " to "and also." Section twenty-nine, from "but such appeal" to " prosecifted, " and from " and every " to end of section. Sections thirty-two and thirty-three. Sections thirty-seven to forty. Sections forty-two to forty-eight. Section fifty-three. Section fifty-eight. Section sixty-nine, from "and it shall be lawful" to end of section. In sections seventy-two to seventy-five, the words "body or." Section seventy-seven. Section seventy-eight, the words "present or future, " "from and after the passing of this Act, " and " attorneys or." Section eighty-one, from " and the first quarterly " to " of his death, " and from " or in the " to " Bankruptcy." Section one hundred and sixteen, from " such petition " to " like effect " where those words first occur, from "in the form" where those words next occur to " like effect " where those words last occur; and from " with the body " to " Act as also." Section one hundred and forty-one. Section one hundred and forty-eight, the words "be arrested or, " and "shall be discharged and, " and from " and if any " to end of section. Section one hundred and fifty-six, from " or by " to " Chancery." Section one hundred and sixty-one; from " shall have " to " persons." V^,

Reign and Chapter. Title.

20 A 21 Vio^. o. 60 — 1 COMt. 1 I 1 Section three hundred and eleven, front "in the form" to "effect, " where that word first occurs, I and from " in the said form " to " effect, " where 1 that word next occurs. ! Section three hundred and twenty-six, from " and every such " to end of section. Section three hundred and thirty-three the word "personal." t Section three hundred and thirty-four, the words "after the commencement of this Act " and the word "personal " twice occurring. Section three hundred and thirty-five, the words "After the commencement of the Act." Section three hundred and forty-three., from " Every such " to end of section. Section three hundred and sixty-six, from "or the chief clerk in insolvency" to " or before the clerk of affidavits." Section three hundred and eighty-seven. Section three hundred and niuety-onc, from " in the form " to " effect." Sections four hundred to four hundred and eight. Schedule Z.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 72. - The Police (Scotland) Act, 1857. In part; namely, — Section sixty-four, the words "in the month of October, " and from " for the year " to " then last."

20 & 21 Vict. c. 79, The Probates and Letters of Administration (Ireland) Act, 1857. In part; namely, — Section ten. Section twelve, from " and to his secretary " to end of section. Section eighteen, to " Probate and, " and from " and there" where those words last occur to end of section. Section twenty-three, from " there shall be " where those words first occur to " same schedule " and from " and except " to end of section. Section twenty-four, from "subject to" to end of section. Section twenty-five, from "unless" to end of section. Section thirty. Section thirty-three, from " or any term " to end of section. Section thirty-five. Sections thirty-seven to forty. Section forty-one, from " or by means " to " Chancery " and the words "as herein provided." Section forty-two to forty-five, Section Rixty-four. Section ninety-sg^iPe

56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 79 — coni. i Section one hundred and one, to " be it enacted, " unci the words "attorney or." Sections one hundred and five to one hundred and eight. Section one hundred and muc, from "all salaries" to " Act and " and from " except " to end of section. Section ono hundred and twenty-one. Schedule B.

21 & 22 Vict 22 Vict. c. 52. 1 % 1 An Act the titlo of which begins with the words "An Act to appoint, " and ends with the words "in Ireland." In part; namely, — Section ono from " for the discharge " to " aforesaid, " nml from " to assist" to " them." Sections two and three.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 72. - i ' i i The Landed Estates Court (Ireland) Act, 18d8. In part; namely, — Section two, from " and to hold " to end of section. Sections nine to thirteen. Section fourteen the words "taxing officer, accountant." Section fifteen, from "save such" to "Act, " from "for the sale" to"or the Court, " and the words "or some offices in both Courts." Section sixteen, the words "taxing officer, accountant." Sections seventeen to nineteen. Section twenty, the words "taxing officer, accountant, " and from " that Stephen IVoulfo Flanagan " to the end of the section. Section twenty-one, the words "the said Stephen Wbulfc Flanagan or " and " other." Section twenty-five, the words "after this Act shall come into operation " and " and Insolvency." Section thirty-one, the words "or judge-s thereof." Sections thirty-three to thirty-five. Section thirty-seven the words "shall be a Court of Record and, " and from'"but the procedure" to end of section. Section thirty-eight. Section forty-six. Section forty-eight. Section forty-nine, the words "or one of the masters thereof, " " and Insolvency, " wherever they occur. Section fifty, the words "or master" and "and Insolvency" wherever they occur. Section fifty-three, the words "and Insolvency " twice occurring. Section fifty-four, from " whether now " to " this Act." Section seventy, from ‘ and no money " to end of section. Section eighty-eight.; Section eighty-nine, to " enacted that." Section ninety, the words "affirmation or declaration " \ occurring twiee and the word-f/laffinr! or declare." *

Ch. 14.

Reign and Chapter. Titlo.

t 21 & 22 Vict. c. 88. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend" and ends with the word "Debtors." In part; namely, — Title, from " and to transfer " to end of title.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 1)4. - The Copyhold Act, 1858. In part; namely, — Section fifty-two, from " either " lo " specifically."

21 & 22 Vict. c. 95. ' i i The Court of Probate Act, 1858. Iu part; namely, — Section thirty-eight, to "or proceeding" and the words "the expression* The Court of Probate Act, 1857, ' and"

21 & 22 Vict. c. 97. - The Public Health Act, 1858. In part; namely, — Sections one, three, five, and six.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 100. -; 1 ! The Petty Sessions Clerk (Ireland) Act, 1858. 1 In part; namely, — Section six, from " not exceeding " to end of section.

22 Vict. c. 14. - ! An Act for the better Recovery of Small Debts iu Ireland.; In part; namely, — Section one, from " except where '' to end of section.

22 Vict. c. 21. - ] The Medical Act, 1859. 1 In part; namely, — I Preamble, and to " some as follows."

22 & 23 Vict. c. 21. - The Queen's Remembrancer Act, 1859. In part; namely, — | Sections ten to fourteen. I Section fifteen, from " and on such " to end of section.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 31. - The Court of Probate (Ireland) Act, 1859. 1 In part; namely, — Section two. | Section six. j Section eighteen, the words "in Chancery." j Sections twenty-six to thirty. Section thirty-two.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 52. -; The Dublin Police Act, 1859. In part; namely, — Section six. Section twelve.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 107. - 1 The Refreshment Houses, (Ireland) Act, 1860. ' In part; namely, — 1 The words " the city of " in sections fifteen and ccventceu. 1

56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

28 & 24 Vict. c, 112. - The Defence Act, 1800. In part; namely- Section twelve, from " the Act " where those words first occur to " referred to as.'* Section forty-eight, to " 1855; and."

23 & 24 Vict. c. 153. - The Landed Property (Ireland) Improvement Act, 1860. In part; namely, -^, Section sixty, the words "or any two of them." Section tixty-one, the words "by the Chief Justice of the Common Pleas in Ireland, '1 and " or by two of such judges."

28 & 24 Vict. c. 154. 1 1 1 The Landlord and Tenant Law Amendment Act (Ireland), 1860. In part; namely, — Section one, the words "a county of a city, a county of a town, " " the city of, " the word "borough " before " of Cork, " and from " the registrar of the " to " office and." Section forty-nine. Section fifty-four, to " annexed and." Section fifty-five, the words "with the summons and plaint in ejectment or." Section fifty-six, the words "summons and plaint or" twice occurring and " or judge thereof." Section fifty-seven, the words "summons and plaint or, " " summons or, " "or a judge." Section sixty, from "summons and plaint in" to "Courts and, " and from "in the case of such" to " bill process " and the words "summons or." Section sixty-seven. Section seventy-two, from "which civil bill" to " annexed." Section seventy-four. Section seventy-five, the words "or demurrer." Section seventy-eight, from " and such civil bill " to " annexed." Section seventy-nine, from " may be " to " annexed and." Schedule A, Nos. 2 to 5.

24 & 25 Vict 25 Vict. c. 48. \ An Act to provide for the Costs of certain Proceedings to be taken under the Landlord and Tenant Law Amendment (Ireland) Act, 1860,

24 & 25 Vict. c. 84. - The Trusts (Scotland) Act, 1861. In part; namelyt — Section three.

24 & 25 Vict 25 Vict. c. 96. *; The Larceny Act, 1861. In part; namely, — The words "for any term not exceeding two years, with or without hard labour, and" in sections | eight, nine,

49

Reign and Chapter. Title.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 96 — cent. Section seventy-five, the words "and not less than three years." Section one hundred and seven, from " for any term not exceeding two months" to "five pounds and."

24 & 25 Vict. c. 97. - The Malicious Damage Act, 1861. In part; namely, — Section sixty-five, from " for any term not exceeding two mouths " to " five pounds and."

24 & 25 Vict 25 Vict. c. 98. - The Forgery Act, 1861. In part; namely, — Section twelve, the words "for any term not exceed- . ing two years, with or without hard labour, and." The words " at the discretion of the court " in sections thirteen and fourteen. Section thirty-three, the words "and not less than three years."

24 & 25 Vict. c. 100. - The Offences against the Person Act, 1861. In part; namely, — Section twenty-nine, the words "or for any term not less than three years." The word-: " for p.ny term not exceeding two years, with or without hard labour, and" in sections twenty-nine and thirty.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 101. - The Statute Law Revision Act, 1861. In part; namely, — The Schedule.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 104. - The Indian High Courts Act, 1861. In part; namely, — Section seventeen.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 123. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to reduce " and ends with the word "Purposes." In part; namely, — Section one, from " and ... the rate of such duty shall " to the end of the section.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 4. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to enable" and ends with the words "Manual thereto." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " of the same." Section one, the word "That" before "it shall be" and before " every " and the words "Lords Commissioners of t he."

25 & 26 Vict. c. 7. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to provide " and ends with the word "respectively." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." Section two to " this Act." The words " Governor and Company of the " wherever they occur in sections two, tour to ten, thirteen^and fo^cj

Reign and Chapter. Tide.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 7 — cont. Section three, from " and the person or persons " to " acceptance thereof." Section eleven, the words "Governor and Company of the " where they first and lastly occur. Section twelve, the words "Governor and Corn* pany of the, " except where they firgt occur, and the words "her heirs and successors." Section fifteen, the words "of debt bill plaint."

25 & 26 Vict 26 Vict. c. 11. - An Act to explain an Act intituled " An Act for the better Government of Her Majesty's Australian Colonies." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." Section two, to "enacted." Section three, to "enacted that."

25 & 26 Vict. c. 14. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to extend " and ends with the words "the Crown." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows."

25 & 26 Vict. c. 15. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to define " and ends with the word "Fellows." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows."

25 & 26 Vict. c. 18. - An Act to amend the Law as to the whipping of Juvenile and other Offenders. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows."

25 & 26 Vict. c. 19. - An Act to amend the General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861. In part; namely, — From "Be it therefore, " to " as follows." The words " the Lords of" in sections seven to eleven. Schedule (B.) Part II. the words "the Admiralty and of."

25 & 26 Vict. c. 20. - An Act respecting the Issue of Writs of Habeas Corpus out of England iuto Her Majesty's Possessions Abroad. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows "

25 & 26 Vict. c. 22. - 1 The Revenue Act, 1862. In part; namely, — Title, the words "Customs and." Preamble, and to "same, as follows." Section one, the words "her heirs and successors" " rates and " " Customs, Excise " " and income tax respectively " " respectively (A.) (B.) " " and (D.), " from "and there shall be" to "and (B.), " and the words "rates " " and drawbacks " " charged, collected " and " and allowed respectively." Section two. Section thirty-six, from " cards in packs" to "and | also.

Ch. 14.

51

Reign and Chapter. Title.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 23. The Summary Procedure on Bills of Exchange (Ireland) Act, 1862.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 26. - The Oxford University Act, 1862. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." Section nine, the words "and of the College of St. Mary Winchester, " and " from and after the passing of this Act." Section twelve, to " enacted that."

25 & 26 Vict c. 29. - The Landed Property Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1862. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." Section three, the word "said" where it first occurs.

25 & 26 Vict c. 35. - The Public Houses Acts Amendment (Scotland) Act, 1862. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." Section seven. Section eighteen, to " specified; and." Section twenty, the words "nor less than two pounds, " " nor less than ten days, " " nor less than five pounds, " " nor less than thirty days, " and " rogue money." Section twenty-five, the words "after the passing of this Act, " "rogue money or other" and "rogue money." Section twenty-six, from "without any" to "the courts and, " and from " but in any " to " this Act annexed, " and from " or to issue his " to the end of the section. Section twenty-eight. Section thirty-four, the word "advocation." Section thirty-eight. Schedule D.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 37. - 1 i i The Crown Private Estates Act, 1862. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same, as follows." Section one, the word "That " where it first occurs. Section eleven, the words "or particular."

25 & 26 Vict. c. 38. -, j An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Sale of Spirits. In part; namely, — Preamble and to " of the same that."

25 & 26 Vict. c. 43. - 1 The Poor Law (Certified Schools) Act, 1862, In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " of the same." Section one, the word "That."

25 & 26 Vict. c. 44. - The Discharged Prisoners' Aid Act, 1862. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." Section one, the words "general or " wherever they occur.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

1 25 & 26 Vict. c. 46. - The Chancery Regulation (Ireland) Act, 1862.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 48. - i An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act respecting " and ends with the words "New Zealand.'* | Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 50. - 1 An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act j to amend " and ends with the words "in Ireland.* In part; namely, — | Preamble, and to "as follows." 1 Section one. Section two, to " of this Act." Section three, the words "from and after the com-i mcncement of this Act."

25 & 26 Vict. c. 52. - j 1 An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act i to amend " and ends with the word "Benefices." 1 In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows."

25 & 26 Vict. c. 53. ! i 1 i i I > 1 An Act to facilitate the Proof of Title to, and the Cocveyaoc© of, Real Estates. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." The words "her heirs and successors" iu sections twenty and one hundred and forty. The words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's" in sections one hundred and eight and one hundred and thirteen. Section one hundred and eleven, the words "the Commissioners of." Section one hundred and fourteen, the words "her heirs or successors."

25 & 26 Vict. c. 54. - The Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1862. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." Section fourteen, to " lieu thereof." Section fifteen, to " lieu thereof.", Section twenty-five, to " Act and " where those words first occur and the word "other.'* i

25 & 26 Vict. c. 55. - 1 1 An Act for the Settlement of a Loan due from the Island | of Jamaica to the Imperial Government, i In part; namely, — | Preamble, and to "as follows."

25 & 26 Vict. c. 58. - | The Parochial Buildings (Scotland) Act, 1862. In part; namely, — ! Preamble, and to "as follows."

25 & 26 Vict. c. 59. - j The Dogs (Ireland) Act, 1862.; In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." 1 1C

53

Seign and Chapter. Title.

25 £26 Vict. c. 61. The Highway Act, 1862. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows.*' Section forty-seven, the words "general or."

25 £26 Vict. c. 62. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the words "Poll thereat." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." Section four.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 63. The Merchant Shipping Act Amendment Act, 1862. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." Section five to " sixty-three." Section fourteen, the words "after the passing of this Act." Section twenty-five, to " Council " where it first occurs, and the words "come into operation and." Section fifty-three, to "hereby declared that, " the word "said" where it first occurs before "proceeds, " the words "And it is hereby further declared that, " "And it is hereby further declared ami enacted that, " and the words "her heirs and successors " twice occurring, and the word "that " before " the proceeds." Section fifty-seven, from " the regulations " to " Act or" and the word "other." Section fifty-eight, from "the regulations" to "Act or " and the word "other." Schedule, Table (C.).

25 & 26 Vict. c. 65. - The Jurisdiction in Homicides Act, 1862. In part; namely, — Preamble, anti to " as follows." Section one, from " in term time, " where those words first occur, to " vacation " where that word first occurs, anti the words "in term time or for such judge in vacation." Section twelve, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section eighteen, from "or other" where those words first occur to " of Ireland."

25 & 26 Vict. c. 67. - An Act for obtaining a Declaration of Title. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." Section forty-nine, from " and shall " to " sixty-three."

25 & 26 Vict. c. 68. - The Fine Arts Copyright Act, 1862. In part; namely, — Preamble, from " And it is" to " as follows." Section eight, from " who upon proof" to " liable in 1 expenses " and the word "advocation.* '

Reign and Chapter. Title.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 69. - The Harbours Transfer Act, 1862. In part; namely, — To " same as follows." Section two. Section three, the words "after the end of the present session of Parliament.'* Section seven, from " after the thirty-first " to " sixty-two." Section eight, from (t from and after " to " sixty-two.* Section fourteen, to " Parliament.* Section fifteen, to "sixty-two." Section sixteen, to " sixty-two.*' Section seventeen, the words "her heirs and successors *' and " on and after the same day." Section eighteen, the words "her heirs or successors." Section nineteen, subsection (3).

25 & 26 Vict. c. 76 - i i The Weights and Measures (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1862. In pari; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." Section fourteen, subsection (6). Section eighteen, the words "Part Two or."

25 & 26 Vict. c. 82. - An Act for the more economical Recovery of Poor Rates and other Local Rates and Taxes. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows."

25 & 26 Vict. c. 83. - The Poor Relief (Ireland) Act, 1862. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows.* Section two, to " always that." Section three, to " enacted that." Section twelve, to "this Act " and the word "that* before " when any." Section thirteen, to " of this Act " where those words secondly occur, and the word "so " where it last occurs. Section nineteen, to " enacted that." Section twenty, to " this Act." Section twenty-one, the words "of debt."

26 & 26 Vict. c. 84. - An Act, the title of which begins with the words "An Act to continue " and ends with the words "of Excise."

25 & 26 Vict 26 Vict. c. 85. - An Act to facilitate the Transmission of Moveable Property in Scotland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " ns follows." Section one, to " this Act."

25 & 26 Vict. c. 89. - The Companies Act, 1862. In part; namely, — Preamble and to "as follows."

A Section two. Lc

Reign and Chapter. Title.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 89. — cont. Section eighty-one, from " In the case of a company engaged " to " Chancery " where that word thirdly occurs, from " In all cases " to " division thereof, " the words "England or " and " of the High Court of Chancery, or, " and " as the case may require." Section eighty-three. Section two hundred and five, to "that, " the words "be hereby re-enacted and, " and " as if unrepealed." Section two hundred and six, sub-clauses (1) and (3). Third Schedule, First Part.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 91. - The Medical Act, 1862. In part; namely, — Preamble, from " And whereas, " where those words last occur, to " as follows." Section two, the words "the Commissioners of."

25 & 26 Vict. c. 97. - The Salmon Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1862. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." Section five. Section seven, from " but the Commissioners " to the end of the section. Sections nine and fourteen. Section fifteen, from " on or before " to " sixty-three, " and the words "prior to the said date." Section sixteen, from " on or before " to " sixty-four." Section twenty, the words "Her Majesty's" and " Forests and Land Revenues." Section twenty-eight, from " without any written " to " pronounced thereon, " and the words "by advocation or." Section thirty-three, to " sixty-five." Section thirty-fimr, the word "twelfth " twice occurring.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 100. - The Burial Act, 1862. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." Section one, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

25 & 26 Vict c. 103. - The Union Assessment Committee Act, 1862. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." Section two, from " as soon " to " Act and " and the word "subsequent."

25 & 26 Vict. c. 104. - The Queen's Prison Discontinuance Act, 1862. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." Section two, to " Prison, " where that word first occurs. Sections four to seven. Section ten, tc " this Act." ' LL

56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 104. — coni. Section eleven, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's" twice occurring, the words "or any three or more of them, " and the word "said, " where it last occurs. Section twelve, from " it shall be lawful " to " fit and, " and from " Any part of" to the end of the section.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 105.-. The Highland Roads and Bridges Act, 1862. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." Section two, to "that is to say, " and from "and the expression " to the end of the section. Sections four to six, and nine to eighteen. Section twenty-two.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 106. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the word "Ireland." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two, from " or other " to " Ireland." Section three.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 107. - The Juries Act, 1862. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." Section three. Section scren. Section thirteen, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

25 & 26 Vict. c. 108. - An Act to confirm certain Sales, Partitions, and Enfranchisements by Trustees and others. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." Section one. Section two, to " appearing."

25 & 26 Vict. c. 112. - The Charitable Trusts Act, 1862. In part, namely, — From " by the Queen's " to " of the same."

25 & 26 Vict. c. 113. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the word "Ireland." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " authority of the same."

25 & 26 Vict. c. 114. - The Poaching Prevention Act, 1862. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." Section two, the words "or any two justices of the peace." Section five, from " and no warrant " to the end of the section, and section six, from " which shall be holden" to the end of the section, except as to 1 Ireland.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 7. - ! 1 The Manufactured Tobacco Act, 1863. In part; namely, — From Be it enacted " to same, as follows." Section one to " Customs of 0 4 0 " and from "in lieu of the drawback " to tobacco " where it next occurs. Section six, from 41 if at " to " paid and, " and from " after " to Act."

26 & 27 Vict. c. 10. - The Salmon Acts Amendment Act, 1863. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to as follows."

26 & 27 Vict 27 Vict. c. 11. - The Registration of Births and Deaths (Ireland) Act, 1863. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to as follows." Section three, from "Lord" where first occurring, to time being, " where those words first occur. Section eight, the words Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section thirteen, the words said Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section fifteen, the words Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section seventeen, from from and after" to sixty-three " and the word thereafter." Section twenty-six, the word "and" after "respectively." Section thirty, from after the thirty-first " to sixty-three."

26 & 27 Vict. c. 12. - 1 The Secretary at War Abolition Act, 1863. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to as follows." Section one, to abolished, but " and the words 44 or

a either of them " and further, that." The words " the Governor and Company of " in sections two and three. Section two, the words after the passing of this Act." Schedule, so far as respects the Acts 47 Geo. 3. sess. 2. c. 25, 51 Geo. 3. c. 103, 52 Geo. 3. c. 151, 58 Geo. 3. c. 73, and 19 & 20 Vict. c. 15.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 13. - The Town Gardens Protection Act, 1863. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to as follows." Section two to encroachment." Section seven, the words for the time being, " 44 Her Majesty's, " and and Public Buildings."

2G & 27 Vict c. 14. - The Post Office Savings Bank Act, 1863. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to as follows." Section four, the words Commissioners of Her Majesty's, " 44 under the hands of any two or more J J vjUCJVlL

Reign and Chapter. Title.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 14 — coni. of them/' and " said Commissioners of H ^r Majesty's." Section six, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's " and " by the said Commissioners."

26 & 27 Vict. c. 20. - An Act to further limit and define the Time for proceeding to Election during the Recess. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows."

26 & 27 Vict. c. 21. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the words "in Ireland." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows."

26 & 27 Vict. c. 23. - An Act to alter the Boundaries of New Zealand. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows."

26 & 27 Vict. c. 25. - The Savings Bank Investment Act, 1863. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " that is to say."

26 & 27 Vict c. 26. - The Land Drainage Act (Ireland), 1863. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows."

26 & 27 Vict. c. 27. - The Marriage Law (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1863. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." Section seventeen.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 29. - The Corrupt Practices Prevention Act, 1363. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows."

26 & 27 Vict. c. 31. - An Act for the Government of the Cayman Islands. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows."

26 & 27 Vict. c. 33. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for granting " and ends with the word "Revenue." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, to " Act." Section two, to " sixty-three." Section thirteen, to " enacted that." Section nineteen, to " twenty-two." Section twenty-one, to " this Act."

26 & 27 Vict. c. 35. - An Act for the Prevention and Punishment [of Offences committed by Her Majesty's Subjects in South Africa. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows."

Section four, the words "her heirs or successors."

Ileign and Chapter. Title.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 36. - The London Diocese Act, 1863. In part; namely, — Preamble, from " Firstly, that " to " see of London " where those words first occur, and from " And whereas by reason " to " as follows.*' Section two, to " see of Winchester." Section three, to " said city and deanery of Rochester; and *' and the words "immediately after the passing of this Act."

26 & 27 Vict. c, 41. - The Innkeepers Liability Act, 1863. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " follows, that is to say.* Section one, the words "after the passing of this Act.* '

26 *27 Vict. c. 42. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the words "in Ireland."

26 & 27 Vict. c. 43. - The Post Office Lands Act, 1863. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." Section one, the words M for the time being " Commissioners of Her Majesty's *' " or any two of them and " or his successors." Section four, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's " and " for the time being cr any two of them."

26 & 27 Vict. c. 44. The Garrotters Act, 1863. In part; namely, — Pi'eamble, and to "as follows."

26 & 27 Vict 27 Vict. c. 46. - The London Coal and Wine Duties Continuance Act, 1863.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 47. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for removing *' and ends with the words "said Courts." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows."

26 & 27 Vict. c. 50. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to continue *' and ends with the words "said Act." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section four, from " on or before to " sixty-four and the word "twelfth."

26 & 27 Vict c, 51. - The Passengers Act Amendment Act, 1863. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." Section fourteen, the words "mentioned in the said Passengers Act, 1855." In sections sixteen and seventeen, the words "and her successors."

56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 52. An Act to further extend and make compulsory the Practice of Vaccination in Ireland. In part; namely. — Preamble, and to " of the same."

26 A27 Vict. c. 57. - The Regimental Debts Act, 1863. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to same as follows." Section thirty-seven.

26 A27 Vict. c. 61. - The Highway Act, 1863. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows."

26 & 27 Vict. c. 62. - An Act to amend the Law relating to the Seizure of growing Crops in Ireland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows."

26 & 27 Vict. c. 65. - The Volunteer Act, 1863. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

20 & 27 Vict. c. 66. - An Act to amend the Law relating to Prisons in Ireland.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 69. - An Act to establish Officers of the Royal Naval Reserve. In port; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." Section two, to " herein-after called." Sections four and five.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 73. - The India Stock Certificate Act, 1863. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to same as follows." Section two, the words "Governor and Company of the " twice occurring. Section sixteen, to " enacted that."

26 & 27 Vict. c. 76. - An Act to determine the Time at which Letters Patent shall take effect in the Colonies. In part; namely, — Preamble, from "and it is expedient" to " same as follows." Section five.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 77. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the word "Justices." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows."

26 & 27 Vict. c. 79. - The Prison Ministers Act, 1863. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." Section five.

j

.1893.

R*-.ign and Chapter. Ti tie.

i 26 & 27 Vict. c. 81. - I The Public Works and Fisheries Acts Amendment Act, 1863. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows."

26 & 27 Vict. c. 82. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to empower " and ends with the word "Wales." In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted " to " as follows." Section one, the first word " That."

26 & 27 Vict. c. 84. - An Act to confirm certain Acte of Colonial Legislatures. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows."

26 & 27 Vict. c. 87. - The Trustee Savings Bank Act, 1863. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." Section one, the first word " That." Section two, to " enacted that/' Section twenty-one, to " sixty-three " where it secondly occurs, the words "the Governor and Company of, " and from " at the like rate " to " per annum." Section twenty-three, from " Provided always " to the end of the section. Section twenty-nine, from " from and after " to " sixty-three." Section sixty, to " this Act." The words " Commissioners of Her Majesty's " in sections sixty and sixty-one. Section sixty-two, from "from and after" to "sixty-three." The words " Governor and Company of the " and " said Governor and Company of the " wherever they occur in sections sixty-three and sixty-five. Section sixty-six from " Lord High " to "Majesty's, " from "of the United" to "time being, " and the words "he or " and " is or."

26 & 27 Vict. c. 88. - The Drainage and Improvement of Lands Act (Ireland), 1863. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." The words " of Public Works " in sections four, six, thirty-six, thirty-nine, forty-six, fifty-one, and sixty-four. Section thirty-six, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's " and " said Commissioners of the." Section fifty, the words "of Public Works in Ireland, " and " Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section sixty-seven, from " and if no " to the end of the section. Section seventy-six, to " enacted that."

26 & 27 Vict. c. 69. - The Poor Removal Act, 1863. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follow8, "

G2 Ch. 14. Statute Law Revision Act, 1893. 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 90. - The Registration of Marriages (Ireland) Act, 1863. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows/* Section three, from " Lord where first occurring, to " Ireland."

26 & 27 Vict. c. 92. The Railways Clauses Act, 1863. In part; namely, — From "Be it therefore" to "same, as follows."

26^27 Vict. c. 93. - The Waterworks Clauses Act, 1863. In part; namely, — From "Be it therefore to " same, as follows."

26 & 27 Vict. c. 96. - The Petty Sessions (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1863. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows.* Section one, to " this Act.' *

26 & 27 Vict. c. 97. - The Stipendiary Magistrates Act, 1863. In part; namely, — From "Be it therefore to *‘ same, as follows."

26 & 27 Vict. c. 100. - The Dogs (Scotland) Act, 1863. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same, as follows."

26 & 27 Vict 27 Vict. c. 103. - The Misappropriation by Servants Act, 1863. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same, os follows.* Section six.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 106. - The Charity Lands Act, 1863. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows."

26 & 27 Vict 27 Vict. c. 108. - The Vaccination (Scotland) Act, 1863. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows.* Section one. Section eight, from " after the first to " sixty-four." Section fourteen, from "and not later" to the end of the section. Section nineteen, the words "from and after the passing of this Act.* Section twenty-five, from " such warrant or order " to "of the party offending, " from "either by the '* to " record of evidence, " and from " Provided always " to the end of the section.

26 & 27 Vict c. 109. - The Prisoners Removal (Scotland) Act, 1863. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows."

63

Reign and Chapter. Title.

26A27 Vict. c. 112. - The Telegraph Act, 1863. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same, as follows." Section three, from " The term the Board " to " plantations, " from "or ward of" to " stewartry, " and the words "and steward depute respectively." The words " for the time being, " " Her Majesty's, " and " Forests and Land Revenues, " in sections twenty-one and thirty-five. The words " Commissioners of Her Majesty's " in sections fifty-one and fifty-two.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 113. - The Poisoned Grain Prohibition Act, 1863. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

26 & 27 Vict. c. 114. - The Salmon Fishery (Ireland) Act, 1863. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section three, to " of this Act." Section eight, the words "of debt." Section fourteen, from " and not " to Acts." Section twenty-four, to " of this Act."

26 & 27 Vict. c. 115. -26 & 27 Vict. c. 118. - The Trusts (Scotland) Act, 1863. The Companies Clauses Act, 1863. In part; namely, — From "Be it therefore" to "same as follows."

26 & 27 Vict. c. 119. - The Exhibition Medals Act, 1863. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

26 & 27 Vict. c. 120. - The Lord Chancellor's Augmentation Act. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." The words " for England " in sections five and six. Section eighteen, the words "her heirs and successors." Section thirty-six, the words "her heirs and successors." Section thirty-eight, from " shall come " to " sixty-three, and." First Schedule, so far as relates to the following benefices: — Abbotsham, Acrise, Alderminster, Ampney Crucis, Ansley, Ashbury, Avebury, Avenbury, Baldock, Bampton, Baschurch, Beesby, Bicknor Welsh, Birkley, Braceborough, Burgh-by-Sands, Bur-marsh, Butterleigh, Cadbury, Castle Church, Chillenden, £hilvers Coton, Churchlench, Churchstow, Clerkenwell St. John, Coaley, Colchester St. lames, Covenham St. Mary, Dacre, Deane, Dinuirigton, Ditchling, Downton, 1 Drax, Dunstable, Dymchurch, Earl's Barton, 1 Easby, Effingham, Elmstone Hardwick, Ewerby, vjUUy LC

Reign and Chapter. Title.

2G & 27 Vict. c. 120 — cont. (Fewston, Fifield, Grandborough, Grinton, ! Grosmont, Ham, Hart, Hartford, Heatior, Herbranston, Hough-on-the-Hill, Humber, Huntingdon All Saints with St. John, Hyson Green, Ilston, Eettlestone, Kilmersdon, Kilton, Kingsbury, Kinnerley, Kirkburn, Kirkby-on-the-Green, Kirk Oswald, Lalelmm, Langham St. Mary, Leicester All Saints with St. Leonard, Leicester St. Martin, Leicester St. Mary, )Leicester St. Nicholas, Lewes St. Michael, Lewes St. John Southover, Lillingston Lovell, Loxley, Ludlow, Lullington, Melling, Middle-| ton, Newhaven, Newport, Newton West, Ninc-, head, Nottingham St. Nicholas, Nottingham f St. Peter, Otley, Ottery St. Mary, Ouseborne | Great, Oxford St. Clement, Oxford St. Ebbe, i Oxford St. Peter-le-Ba:!ey, Patcham, Patis- hall First Mediety, Peatling Little, Portchester, t Portslade, Pwllcrochan, Ramsbury, Rateliffe- on-Wreke, Rillington, ltissington Wick, Rowington, Runnington, Rupn, Rushden, Ruskington Second Mediety, Sandal Great, Seighford, Sellinge St. Mary, Sharnbrook, Shilbottle, Shorncolt, St. Ishmael, St. Neot's, Stanton-on-Arrow, Stoke West, Stone, Stowe, Stratford St. Andrew, Swanbourne, Thorner, Thorpe St Mary, Tiptrec Heath, Totness, Ubley, Upton, &c., Upton Waters, Wadding-worth. Walton-on-Thameft, Wherstead, Wickham Market, Wiggenhall St. Peter, AVillci by, Willeys, Winterton, Wrockwardine Wood, Yarmouth, York All Saints, York Holy Trinity, Micklegate, York St. Denis with St George, York St. Margaret with St. Peter-le-Willows, York St. Mary Bishopshill Senior, and York St. Saviour.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 122. - An Act to enable Her Majesty in Council to make Alterations in the Circuits of the Judges.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 125. - The Statute Law Revision Act, 1863. In part; namely, — The Schedule.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 7. - An Act to amend the Law relating to Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes in Ireland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same, as follows." Section two, to " this Act."

27 & 28 Vict. c. 8. - An Act the title of which begins with* the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the words "in Ireland." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one. Section two, to " this Act, " and from " Provided aho " to the end of the sectional-,

65

Reign and Chapter. Title.

‘ 27 & 28 Vict. c. 17. - An Act for the Abolition of Vestry Cess in Ireland, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 18. - The Revenue (No. 1) Act, 1864. 1 In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." | Section one, the words "her heirs and successors, " " rates and, " " customs stamps and income tax respectively, " " (A), " " (C) and (D), " " rates, " "and drawbacks, " and "and allowed." Section two, the words "or drawbacks, " " and allowed, " " rates or, " " rates, " " and drawbacks, ", "rates and, " wherever they respectively occur, and from " and the allowance " to " respectively " where that word next occurs.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 19. - | The Com(>anies Seals Act, 1864. 1 In part; namely, — | Preamble, and to "same as follows."

27 & 28 Vict. c. 20. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to remove " and ends with the word "Ireland." In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted " to " as follows." Section one, to " this Act." Section two.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 22. - The Registration of County Voters (Ireland) Act, 1864. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Sections one to eight. Section nine, to "enacted that" and from "according | to the form " to " of this Act." 1 Section ten, from " pursuant " to " annexed." i Section twelve, from "aud shall be" to "saidsche-! dule " secondly occurring. Section thirteen. Section twenty, the words "and the schedules annexed hereto." | Schedules.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 24. - ! The Naval Agency and Distribution Act, 1864. 1 In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Section two, from " The term the Lords '' to "of Lord High Admiral." The words " the Lords of" wherever they occur in sections three, feurteen, sixteen, seventeen, nineteen, twenty-one, and twenty-two. Section twenty-seven.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 25. - The Naval Prize Act, 1864. In part; namely, — From "Be it therefore" to "same as follows." Section two, from " The term the Lords " to " of Lord High Admiral." E

Reign and Chapter. Title.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 25. — coni. The worth* " the Lords of " wherever they occur in sections twenty-nine, thirty-seven, thirty-eight, fifty-one. The words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's" wherever they occur in sections twenty-nine, forty-four, forty-eight, and forty-nine. Section fifty-six.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 27. - The Chain Cable and Anchor Act, 1864. In part; namely. — Preamble, and to "same as follows." The words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's" wherever they occur in sections one and six. Section two, to " Act called."

27 & 28 Vict c. 28. - The Common Law Procedure Amendment Act (Ireland), 1864, as to County of Cork Juries. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same, as follows."

27 & 28 Vict. c. 30. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to provide " and ends with the words "Circuit Courts."

27 & 28 Vict 28 Vict. c. 32. - The Banking Copartnerships Act, 1864. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, to "of this Act."

27 & 28 Vict. c. 33. - The Fish Teinds (Scotland) Act, 1864. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

27 & 28 Vict. c. 34. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for amending " and ends with the word "Offices." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

27 & 28 Vict. c. 35. - An Act for more effectually regulating the Sale of Beer in Ireland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two. Section three, to " this Act." Section six, to " this Act."

27 & 28 Vict. c. 36. - The Army Prize (Shares of Deceased) Act, 1864. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same, as follows." Section three, to " lieu thereof."

27 & 28 Vict c. 37. - The Chimney Sweepers .Regulation Act, 1864. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same, as follows." Section one, the words "the principal Act may be cited as " and " the principal Act and." Section three, the words "The term sheriff includes ! stpwart." ,

Reign and Chapter. 1 Title.

27 & 28 Vict 28 Vict. c. 38. - An Act to facilitate the Redemption of Chief Rents in Ireland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " sa»De as follows."

27 & 28 Vict c. 39. - The Union Assessment Committee Amendment Act, 1864. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " of the same."

27 & 28 Vict. c. 40. - An Act tlio title of which begins with the words "An Act for authorizing " and ends with the words "Greek Loan/* In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same, as follows." Section two, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

27 & 28 Vict. c. 42. - The Poor Law Officers Superannuation Act, 1864. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same, as follows." Section one, the first word " Th3t."

27 & 28 Vict. c. 43. - The Government Annuities Act, 1864. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same, as follows." The words " Commissioners of Her Majesty's " wherever they occur, and the word "said " wherever it occurs before those words.

27 & 28 Vict 28 Vict. c. 44. - An Act to amend the Act relating to Divorce and Matrimonial Causes in England, Twentieth and Twenty-first Victoria, chapter Eighty-five. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same, as follows."

27 & 28 Vict. c. 46. - The Government Annuities (Investments) Act, 1864. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." The words " Commissioners of Her Majesty's " and " said Commissioners of the " wherever they occur.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 47. - The Penal Servitude Act, 1864. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same, as follows." The words " or other Chief Governor " in sections three and ten. Section one, from " the said Acts together " to " said Acts." In sections eight and ten, the words "or other Chief Governor of Ireland."

27 & 28 Vict 28 Vict. c. 50. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the words "Ireland respectively." E 2

Reign and Chapter. Title.

27 & 28 Vict 28 Vict. c. 52. - An Act to amend the Law relating to the Valuation of ltateuble Property iu Ireland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows."

27 & 28 Vict. c. 53. - The Summary Procedure Act, 1864. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two, from " oath " to " oaths."

27 & 28 Vict. c. 55. - The Metropolitan Police Act, 1864. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same, as follows." Section oue, to " lieu thereof."

27 & 28 Vict 28 Vict. c. 56. - The Revenue (No. 2) Act, 1864. In part; namely, — r- Section six, to u sixty-four." Section fourteen, to " Be it enacted that."

27 & 28 Vict. c. 57. - The Admiralty Lands and Works Act, 1864. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same, as follows." Section two, from " The term the Admiralty " to " of Lord High Admiral."

27 & 28 Vict. c. 59. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to continue " and ends with the word *(Scotland." In part; namely, — Title, from " to continue" to " Scotland and." Preamble, and to "as follows." Section two, to " repealed and " and the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

27 & 28 Vict. c. 64. - The Public House Closing Act, 1864. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." Section five, from " authorize a licensed" to "same, or, " the word "other " and the words "sell exciseable liquors." Section seven, the words "licensed victualler or."

27 & 28 Vict. c. 67. - An Act to amend the Law in certain Cases relating to Trespasses in Pursuit of Game. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " of the tame."

27 & 28 Vict. c. 70. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to substituteand ends with the words "in England." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

27 & 28 Vict. c. 71. - The Railways Act (Ireland) 1864. In part; namely, — | Preamble, ami to " same as follows." vjOO^IL

69

lieiga and Chapter. Title.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 72. - An Act to explain certain Provisions contained in the Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act, 1863. In part; namely, — From "Be it therefore" to "same as follows.* '

27 & 28 Vict. c. 76. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to make " and ends with the word "Ireland." In part; namely, — ‘ Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section three, to " sixty-five." Section eight, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

27 & 28 Vict 28 Vict. c. 77. - i An Act the tiilc of which begins with the words "An Act 1 to repeal " and ends with the words "said States." i In port; namely, — | Preamble, and to "same as follows." | Sections one and two. Section four. J- Seciion thirteen, the words "or affirmation" and "affirmed" wherever the}1' respectively occur, and the words "every such " before " notarial act." Section fourteen, the words "or affirmations " wherever they occur, and the words "and affirmations." | Section fifteen, the words "affirmation" and j " affirmed." Repealed as to all Her Majesty's dominions.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 78. - An Act for impressing by Machinery Signatures of Names on Bank Notes and certain Bills of the Bank of Ireland. 1 In part; namely, — Preamble, from "And whereas" and to "same as follows." 1 Section one, to " Act."

27 & 28 Vict. c. 86. - An Act to permit for a limited Period Compositions for Stamp Duty on Bank Post Bills of Five Pounds and upwards in Ireland. In part; namely, — Title, the words "for a limited period." Preamble and to "same as follows."

27 & 28 Vict c. 89. - The Defence Act Amendment Act, 1864. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." The words " her heirs and successors " wherever they occur.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 94. - An Act to remove Disabilities affecting the Bishops and Clergy of the Protestant Episcopal Church in Scotland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " fame as follows." Section six, the words "or Ireland " where they secondly occur, ami from " or in Ireland to the end of the section.

Btion and Chapter. Title.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 95. - ' An Act to amend the Act Ninth and Tenth Victoria, Chapter Ninety-three, for compensating the Families of Persons i killed by Accident, i In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two, to " declared that."

27 & 28 Vict. c. 96. 1 An Act the title of which begins with the words An Act to enable " and ends with the words of Gas." j In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

27 & 28 Vict 28 Vict. c. 97. - The Registration of Burials Act, 1864. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

27 & 28 Vict 28 Vict. c. 99. - I The Civil Bill Courts Procedure Amendment Act (Ireland), 1864. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one. Section three, the word body " where that word secondly occurs, from " and shall extend " to 44appointed, " and from "The expression Lord Lieutenant" to the end of the section. Section four, from "signed before " to such courts."' Section five, from within " to ° Act and " where those words next occur and tho word " thereafter." Section eight, irom to be signed " to Act " where it first occurs. Section ten, from to be executed " to 44 \ct " where it secondly occurs. Section fifty-four, from and to transfer " to44 debtors." Section sixty, to repealed and " and the word "other " twice occurring. Schedule B., Parts IV., and V. Schedule C.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 101. - The Highway Act, 1864. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to same as follows." Section one, from The Act passed" to Highway Act, 1862, " and from All the" to end of section. Section twenty-five, to be it enacted." Section twenty-seven, the words after tho passing of this Act." Section fifty-one, to this Act."

27 & 28 Vict c. 105. - An Act to explain the Statutes of Her present Majesty for amending the Laws relating to the Removal of the Poor. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to of the same." Section one, the first word That."

Reign and Chapter. Title.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 106. - An Act the title of which begins yrith the words "An Act to authorize " and ends with the words "in Scotland." In part; namely, — Title, the words "the Lords Commissioners of." Preamble, and t? " same as follows." Section one, from " Lords " to "Majesty's."

27 & 28 Vict. c. 110. - The Limited Penalties Act, 1864. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows, " and the whole Act except as to Ireland.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 112. - The Judgments Act, 1864. In part; namely, — From " Therefore be it enacted" to "same as follows."

27 & 28 Vict. c. 114. - The Improvement of Land Act, 1864. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." Section one. Section seventeen, irom " where such lands " where-those words first occur to "interested and given." Section eighteen, from "by the High " to " respttc-tively or." Section twenty-one, the words "the Master of the Rolls or." Section thirty-five, the words "for the time being, " "Her Majesty's" first occurring, "Forests and Land Revenues, " and " and Public Buildings." Station thirty-six, the words "Her Majesty's" and " and Public Buildings " Section thirty-eight, the words "her heirs or successors " twice occurring. Section thirty-nine, from " the Lord " to "designated, " where that word next occurs, and from " the Lords to " designated."

27 & 28 Vict 28 Vict. c. llo.- The Poisoned Flesh Prohibition Act, 1864. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section four, from "and shall" to the end of the section.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 116.- The Metropolitan Houseless Poor Act, 1864. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " of the same."

27 & 28 Vict 28 Vict. c. 118. - An Act to amend the Acts relating to Salmon Fisheries k» Scotland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " tame as follows." Section one. Section four, to " enacted that."

Reign and Chapter. Title.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 120. - The Railways Companies* Powers Act, 1864. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two, from " The term the Board " to the end of the section.

27 & 28 Vict 28 Vict. c. 121. - i The Railways Construction Facilities Act, 1864. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two, so far as respects the definition of the Board of Trade. Section four, the words "her heirs or successors, " " Her Majesty's, " where first occurring, " Forests and Land Revenues " and " Commissioners of Her Majesty's " where those words last occur.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 1. - An Act to amend certain Clerical Errors in the Civil Bill Courts Procedure Amendment Act (Ireland), 1864. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " os follows."

28 & 29 Vict. c. 2. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to extend " and ends with the word "Metropolis." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." Section one, to " Act."

28 & 29 Vict. c. 5. - The British Kaffraria Act, 1865.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 14. - The Colonial Naval Defence Act, 1865. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two, from " The term the Admiralty " to the end of the section.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 15. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to extend " and ends with the words "said Courts." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows.*' Section one. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's dominions.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 17. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to enlarge " and ends with the words "in India." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

28 & 29 Vict 29 Vict. c. 18. - An Act for amending the Law of Evidence and Practice on Criminal Trials. In part; namely, — Preamble, end to "that is to say." Section one, the word "that " twice occurring, and from " which shall " to " sixty-five."

28 & 29 Vict 29 Vict. c. 21. - The Irish Bankrupt and Insolvent Amendment Act, 1865. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." Section one, to " this Act."

Reign and Chapter. Title.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 22. - An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Scottish Herring Fisheries. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

28 & 29 Vict. c. 26. - An Act to provide for Superannuation Allowances to Officers of Unions in Ireland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, the first word " That."

28 & 29 Vict. c. 27. - The Parliamentary Costs Act, 1865. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section eleven.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 30. - An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue. In part; namely, — Preamble, ami to " same as follows."

28 & 29 Vict. c. 33. - The Vagrancy, Ireland, Amendment Act, 1865.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 34. - The Metropolitan Houseless Poor Act, 1865. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, the first word "That" and from 14 relieved and " to the end of the section.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 35. - The Police Superannuation Act, 1865. In part; . namely, — Preamble, and to "same, as follows." Section six, to "Be it enacted that" and the word "said " before " three." Section seven, to " enacted that."

28 & 29 Vict. c. 36. - The County Voters Registration Act, 1865. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two, from " according to " to " principal Act " where those words next occur. Section six, from " and such last-mentioned " to the end of the section.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 37. - The County of Sussex Act, 1865. In part; namely, —

From " Be it therefore" to "same as follows."

Section fifteen.

Section seventeen.

First Schedule, so far as relates tc the following Acts: —

4 Geo. 4. c. 64.; 5 Geo. 4. c. 85.; 6 Geo. 4. c. 40.; 7 Geo. 4. c. 18.; 16 & 17 Vict. c. 43. 16 & 17 Vict. c. 97.; 18 & 19 Vict. c. 105.; 19 & 20 Vict. c 6^25 & 26 Vict. c. 111.

By VJW

56 VICT.

Reign and Chapter. Tide.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 38. - The Commissioners of Supply Meetings (Scotland) Act, 1865.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 40. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to extend " and ends with the words "and Wills." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, the word "That."

28 & 29 Vict. c. 42. - The District Church Tithes Act, 1865. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." The words " for England " in sections four and eight.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 43. - An Act to provide for the Security of Property of Married Women separated from their Husbands in Ireland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Sectioo four.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 46. - An Act to suspend the making of Lists and the Ballots for the Militia of the United Kingdom. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 48. - The Courts of Justice Building Act, 1865. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two, the definition of the Treasury. Section three. Section four, to " behalf and." Section seven, the words "the Commissioners of" where they last occur. | Section sixteen. ! Section twenty-two, the words "Her Majesty's " and "and Public Buildings" and from "Provided" to the end of the section.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 49. - 1 i 1 1 1 1 - i 1 i I The Courts of Justice Concentration (Site) Act, 1865. In part; namely, — Title, the words "Her Majesty's " and " and Public Buildings." Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section three, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section four. Sections six to eight. Section ten, from " The first of the above mentioned " to the end of the section. Sections twelve and thirteen. Section nineteen. Section twenty, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's " and " the said Commissioners of." Section twenty-one. Sections twenty-three and twenty-four. Section twenty-six. V

75

Reign and Chapter. Tide. i

28 & 29 Vict. c. 50. - The Dogs Regulation (Ireland) Act, 1865. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section four, from " The expression Lord " to " Ireland, " where it next occurs, the words "Chief or." occurring twice, and from " or other " to u Ireland, " where it next occurs.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 52. - The Drainage and Improvement of Lands Amendment Act (Ireland), 1865. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." j Section three, to " repealed and."

28 & 29 Vict. c. 54. - t An Act to alter the Days between which Pheasants may not > be killed in Ireland, j In part; namely, — i Preamble, and to "same as follows." j Section two, to " Act " where it first occurs.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 55. - The Oxford University, Vinerian Foundation, Act, 1865. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, the first word " That, " and from " Provided also " to the end of the section.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 56. - 1 The Trespass (Scotland) Act, 1865. 1 In part; namely, — ! Preamble, and to "same as follows." %

28 & 29 Vict 29 Vict. c. 57. - An Act to amend certain Provisions in the Ecclesiastical Leasing Act, 1858. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows, viz." Section one, the words "for England."

28 & 29 Vict. c. 60. - The Dpgs Act, 1865. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

28 & 29 Vict. c. 63. - The Colonial Laws Validity Act, 1865. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

28 & 29 Vict. c. 64. - The Colonial Marriages Act, 1865. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to <rsame as follows."

28 & 29 Vict. c. 65. - The Defence Act, 1865. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to as follows."

Reign and Chapter. Title.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 68. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to enable " and ends with the words "their Service." In part; namely, — Title, the words "for England." Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section three, the words "the Commissioners of" twice occurring. Section five, from " Lords" to "Majesty's."

28 & 29 Vict. c. 69. - 1 An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act further " and ends with the words "other Purposes." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

28 & 29 Vict. c. 70. - The Constabulary (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1865. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section three, to " enacted that." Section ten. Section thirteen.

28 & 29' Vict. c. 72. - The Navy and Marines (Wills) Act, 1865. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Section two, from " The term the Admiralty " # to " Admiral " where last occurring. Section eight. Section nine.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 73. -# The Naval and Marine Pay and Pensions Act, 1865. In part; namely, — I From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." 1 Section two, from " the term the Admiralty " to " Admiral " where last occurring. Section thirteen.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 77. - The Public House Closing Act, 1865. In part; namely — Preamble, and to "as follows." Section live, to " instead thereof."

28 & 29 Vict. c. 78. - The Mortgage Debenture Act, 1865. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

28 & 29 Vict. c. 79. - The Union Chargeability Act, 1865. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section oDe, to " repealed; and." Section eight, to " sixty-six."

28 & 29 Vict. c. 83. - The Locomotives Act, 1865. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, from "shall not" to "Act, and."

Reign and Chapter. Title.

28 & 29 Vict 29 Vict. c. 88. - The Record of Title Act (Ireland), 1865. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." Section one, from " and shall " to the end of the section. Sections two and five. Section twelve, the words "her heirs and successors." Section fifty-five, from " on or before " to "next." Section sixty-seven, from "after" to "operation, " and the words "or other chief Governor or Governors of Ireland."

28 & 29 Vict. c. 80. - The Greenwich Hospital Act, 1865. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Section two. Section three, from " the term the Admiralty " to " Admiral " where last occurring. Section ten. Section eleven, to " time and " and the word "thereafter." Section twelve, from " for each of the" to " Commissioners and." Section thirteen, the words "Commissioner or any." Section twenty-three, the words "her heirs and successors." Section thirty-three, to " Company of." Section thirty-five, the words "and her successors." Section forty, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section forty-three, the words "and her successors." Section forty-four, the words "for England." Section forty-seven, the words "Her Majesty's, " twice occurring before "Woods, " "Forests and Land Revenues " twice occurring, and " Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section fifty-three, the words "her heirs or successors." Section fifty-four, the words "her heirs and successors, " and " her heirs or successors."

18 & 29 Vict. c. 90. - The Metropolitan Fire Brigade Act, 1865. In part; namely. — Preamble, and to "same as follows.'' Section four, to " sixty-six." Section six, to " sixty-srx." Section eighteen, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section thirty-five.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 94. - The Carriers Act Amendment Act, 1865. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Section two.

56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 96. - An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Inland Revenue. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows.' *

28 & 29 Vict. c. 100. - The Harbours Transfer Act, 1865. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted to "as follows." Section one, the words "the Commissioners of" wherever they occur. Section two, the words "her heirs and successors.* Schedule, except as to Portland.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 101. - The Land Debentures (Ireland) Act, 1860. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

28 & 29 Vict. c. 102. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend, " and cuds with the words "the said Act.* In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

28 & 29 Vict. c. 104. - The Crown Suits, &c. Act, 1865. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Section four. Section forty-six, from " whether instituted to " this Act." Section fifty-two, the words "after the commencement of this Act."

28 & 29 Vict. c. 106. - The Colonial Docks Loans Act, 1865. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two, from "The term the Admiralty" to " Admiral" where that word last occurs. The words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's" wherever they occur in sections three, six, and thirteen. Section three, from " under the to " of them." The words " the Governor and Company of in sections four, twelve, and thirteen. Section fifteen.

28 & 29 Vict 29 Vict. c. 111. - The Navy and Marines (Property of Deceased) Act, 1865. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Section two, from " The term the Admiralty " to " Admiral " where that word last occurs. Section twelve. Section nineteen.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 113. - The Colonial Governors (Pensions) Act, 1865. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section twelve, the words "the Lords Commissioners of" and from "and for the*' to the end of the section.

Reign and Chapter. 28 & 29 Vict. c. 118. -28 & 29 Vict. c. 121.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 122.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 124.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 125.

29 & 30 Vjet. c. 3.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 5.

Title.

An Act to continue and amend the Peace Preservation (Ireland) Act, 1856.

The Salmon Fishery Act, 1865.

In part; namely, —

Preamble, and to "same as follows."

Section four, the words "held after the passing of this Act."

The Clerical Subscription Act, 1865.

In part; namely, —

Title, the words "and Ireland."

Preamble, and to "same as follows."

Section one, the words "Uniled " and " and Ireland."

The Admiralty Powers, &c. Act, 1865.

In part; namely, —

From " Be it enacted" to "same as follows."

The words " the Commissioners of" wherever they occur in sections one and three.

Section two, the words "the Commissioners of" where they last occur.

The words " her heirs and successors " and " her heirs or successors " wherever they occur in sections three and four.

Section six, from " for any term " to " labour, and."

; Section eight, from " for any term" to "labour, and."

I Sections ten and eleven.

i

i

i The Dockyard Ports Regulation Act, 1865.

Iu part; namely, —

From " Be it enacted" to "same, as follows."

Section two, from " or ward of " to " stewartry, " the words "or steward depute " and from " The term the Admiralty " to the end of the section. Section eighteen, from " Commissioners " to "Majesty's."

Section twenty-five.

The Telegraph Act Amendment Act, 1860.

In part; namely, —

From "Be it enacted " to " as follows."

Section one, from " or other " to " time being." Section two, from " or other " to " Ireland."

The Savings Bank Investment Act, 1866.

In part; namely, —

Preamble, oud to " as follows."

Sections one and two.

Section three, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

Section four, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

Reign and Chapter. Title.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 11. - I The National Debt Reduction Act, 1866. 1 In part; namely, — j Preamble, and to "same as follows." i Section three, from " after " to " stock " and the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's" twice occurring. Section six, the words "the Governor and Company of."

29 & 30 Vict. c. 12. - An Act to make Provision for the Government of Jamaica. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Schedule, from "An Act" where those words first occur to absolutely."

29 & 30 Vict. c. 17. - The Cattle Sheds in Burghs (Scotland) Act, 1866. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows.":Section seven, to " sixty-seven." Section nine.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 18. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act [to make " and ends with the words "in Council." 1 In part; namely, — [Preamble, and to "same as follows." i Section one. Section two, to " of India." Section three. 1 Repealed as to all Her Majesty's dominions.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 19. - ! 1 The Parliamentary Oaths Act, 1866. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two. Section four.

1 29 & 30 Vict. c. 23. - 1 i 1 ! i i ! The Isle of Man Customs, Harbours, and Public Purposes Act, 1866. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted " to " as follows." ' Section three, the words "Commissioners' of Her Majesty's " where they last occur. Section five, the words "the Commissioners of" and from " and such " to the end of the section. Section six, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section eight, the words "^Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section nine, the words "the Commissioners of." Section ten, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section eleven, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's " except where they first occur.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

29 & 30 Vict 30 Vict. c. 25. - The Exchequer Bills and Bonds Act, 1366. In part; namely, — Preamble, aid to "of the same." Section one. Section two. Section three to " Act " where it first occurs. The words "her heirs and successors" wherever they occur in sections nine and fifteen. Section sixteen, the words "the Lord Chief Baron and other " " of the coif, " and " the said Chief Baron and other." Section thirty-one.

29 & 30 Vict 30 Vict. c. 26. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to secure " and ends with the words "in Ireland." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, the first word " That."

29 & 30 Vict. c. 30. - The Harbour Loans Act, 1866. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows."

29 & 30 Vict. c. 31. - The Superannuation (Metropolis) Act, 1866. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." Section four, the words "after the commencement of this Act."

£9 & 30 Vict. c. 32. - The Matrimonial Causes Act, 1866. In part; namely, — From "Be it therefore" to "same as follows."

29 & 30 Vict. c. 37. - The Hop (Prevention of Frauds) Act, 1866. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

Section two to " sixty-six." Section three, from "after" to "sixty-six." Section four, from " after " to " sixty-six." Section six, from " after " to " sixty-six." Section seven, from " after " to sixty-six." Section nine, from " after " to " sixty-six." Section ten, from " after " to " sixty-six." Section fourteen. Section eighteen, from " after" to "sixty-six."

29 & 30 Vict. c. 38. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to enable " and ends with the words "the Poor Rates." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one to " Act." / T?

Reign and Chapter.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 39.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 40.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 42.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 43.

29 & 30 Vict 30 Vict. c. 45.

Tide.

The Exchequer and Audit Departments Act, 1866.

, In part namely, —

Preamble, and to "same as follows.* '

Section two, from "the Treasury" to "National Debt. " where those words lost occur.

Section three, to " Auditor" where that word thirdly i occurs, and the words "said " before " Comp-

troller " and " her heirs and successors."

Section four, the words "her heirs and successors." Section five to "abolished but, " and from "and it shall " to the end of the section.

Section six, the words "her heirs and successors.* Section thirty-nine, to " notwithstanding:but *' Section forty-six to " schedule, and " and from " or to affect " to the end of the section.

Section forty-seven.

Schedule C.

I An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act j to authorize " and ends with the words "in Ireland."

In part: namely, —

Preamble, and to "same as follows."

The words " Commissioners of Her Majesty's " and " Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's " wherever they occur in sections one, two, four, and five. Section two, the words "Commissioners of the."

! An Act to amend the Law relating to Life Insurance in Ireland.

In part; namely, —

Preamble, and to "same as follows."

Section one, to " this Act."

The Naval Savings Banks Act, 1866.' j In part; namely, —

* From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows."

Section two. j Section three.

I An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to extend " and ends with the words "other "Works."

In part; namely, —

Preamble, and to "same as follows."

Section one, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

Section two, to "repealed and, " and the words "said Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

Section three, the words "Lords Commissioners of j Her Majesty's."

j Section four, the words

j Her Majesty's."

, Section five, the words

! . Her Majesty's."

1

" said Commissioners of "said Commissioners of

Reign and Chapter. Title.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 47. - An Act the title of which begins with the words v An Act to legalize " and ends with the words "Prizo Money." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, the word "heretofore" from "said" where first occurring to "or the", the words "or hereafter by the said Secretary of State " "'directors or " and " as the case may be." Section two, the word "said " where it first occurs, from " so far " where those words first occur to "distributed and, " and the words "that the same are held and are hereby declared."

29 & 30 Vict. c. 49. - The Drainage Maintenance Act, 186G. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." The words " Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's " in sections fourteen ami nineteen.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 50. - The Burial in Burghs (Scotland) Act, 1866.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 51. - The Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1866. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section three. Section five to " enacted that." Section thirteen to " lieu thereof." Section fourteen to " lieu thereof." Section fifteen to " as follows."

29 A30 Vict. c. 52. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to extend " and ends with the word "Magistrates." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section three.

29 & 30 Vict c. 53. - An Act to amend certain Provisions of the Sheriff Court Houses (Scotland) Act, 1860. In part; namely, - — From " lie it enacted" to "same as follows." Section one, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

29 & 30 Vict. c. 54. - An Act to amend the Law relating to the Qualification of Revising Barristers. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, the first word " that."

29 & 30 Vict. c. 65. An Act to enable the Postmaster-General to sit in the House of Commons. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, the words "after the passing of this Act." P 2

Reign and Chapter. | Title.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 62. - The Crown Land* Act, 1866. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows.* Section one, the words "at any time after the passing of this Act, '* the words "Her Majesty's where they secondly occur, from "Forests" to "Wood *, the words u Commissioners of Her Majesty's " before " Treasury, " from " hereafter " where it secondly occurs to " Treasury where it next occurs, and the words "the Commissioners of, " where they last occur. Section two to " Act " and the words "the Commissioners of" where they secondly and last occur. Section three, the words "the Commissioners of" where they last occur. Section five to "Act" where it first occurs and the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section six to " sixty-six " and the words "Her Majesty's " and " and Public Buildings for the time being." The words " Commissioners of the " wherever they occur in sections thirteen, fourteen, and fifteen. Section sixteen. Section twentyseven, from "or an " to "justice)" and the words "or declaration." Section twenty-nine, the words "or affirmation" and " or declaration." Section thirty-one, the words "her heirs and successors." The First Schedule.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 03. - The Courts of Justice Act, 1866. In part; namely, — From "Be it therefore" to "same as follows." Section one, from " Commissioners " to "Majesty's."

29 & 30 Vict. c. 67. - The British Columbia Act, 1866. In part; namely, — From "Be it therefore " to " as follows." Section three, to " Columbia " where it first occurs. Section four, to " cease and " and the words "after the union " twice occurring. Section five to " union " where it first occurs and the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section seven to " union." Section eight to " union."

29 & 30 Vict. c. 68. - The Superannuation Act, 1866. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, from " and mean " to " also extend to, " and the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section two to " Act " and the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's" where they last occur. Section four, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's " and " the said Commissioners of." Soctious seven and eighty

Reign and Chapter. Title.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 71. - The Glebe Lands (Scotland) Act, 1866. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " ns follows, viz.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 73. - An Act to authorise for a further Period the Application of Money for the Purposes of Loans for carrying on Public Works in Ireland. t In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows.'*, Section one, the words "for the time being." Sections two to six. Section eight, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section ten, the words "said Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

29 & 30 Vict. c. 74. - An Act to repeal Part of an Act intituled " An Act for the, Government of >>‘ew South Wales and Van Diemen's | Land." ! In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." > Section one. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 75. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the words "in Scotland." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows, viz."

29 & 30 Vict. c. 78. - The County Rate Act, 1866. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

29 & 30 Vict. c. 81. - The Ecclesiastical Leases (Isle of Man) Act, 1866.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 84. - The Attorneys and Solicitors Act (Ireland), 1886. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section three to " Act" where it first occurs. Section four the words "from and after the passing of this Act." Section 6ix from "or take " to " insolvent debtors." Section ten, from "and where any such" to the end of the section. Section twelve, the words "after the passing of this Act." Section fourteen, the words "from and after the passing of this Act." Section twenty-six to " Act " where it first occurs. Section twenty-eight to " Act." Section thirty to " sixty-seven." Section thirty-eight. Section forty-one, from in the case of a solicitor " to " of an attorney." Section forty-three, from " in the case of a solicitor to " to of

86 Ch. 14. Statute Laid Revisibn A1893. 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Tide.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 84. — cont. Section forty-five. Section forty-eight, the words "or by any of the judges of such courts." Section forty-nine to " Act."

29 & 30 Vict. c. 88. An Act to validate certain Licences granted in Ireland for the Establishment of Oyster Beds. In part; namely, — Preumble, and to "same os follows." Section five.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 90. - The Sanitary Act, 1866. In part, namely. Preamble, and to "same as follows."

29 & 30 Vict. c. 95. - The Railway Companies (Ireland) Temporary Advances Act, 1866. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same cs follows." Section two. Section four, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's " occurring twice, and " under their hands."

29 & 30 Vict. c. 97. - The Oyster Fishery (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1866. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one. The first word " That " in sections ten, fourteen, $nd fifteen. I Section sixteen.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 99. - The Landed Estates Court Act, 1866. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to same as follows." Sections one to three. Section four, from " in lieu " to the end of the section. Section five to " repealed and." Sections six to thirteen.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 100. - The Prisons Act, 1866.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 103. - An Act to amend an Act to consolidate the Laws relating to the Constabulary Force in Ireland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, the definition of Lord Lieutenant. Section seven to " enacted that." Section nine to " notwithstanding; and " and the word "said." Section ten 1o "enacted that." Section fourteen to " Act" where it first occurs. Section fifteen, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's.'* Vji

Reign and Chapter.

29 & 30 Vict c. 104.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 108.

9

29 A30 Vict. c. 109.

29A30 Vict.of 111.

t

29 & 30 Vict. c. 112.. 29 A30 Vict. c. 113.

Title.

An Act the title of which begins with the words fi An Act guarantee" and ends with the words "New Zealand."

In part; namely, —

l>reHmhle, and " same as follows."

Section two, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

Section three to " as follows."

i The Railway Companies Securities Act, 1806.

! In part; namely, —

From " Be it enacted" to "same as follows."

Section three, from "on or before" to "and shall" and the word thereafter."

Section eleven, the words "register or."

The Naval Discipline Act,

In part; namely, —

Preamble, and to "same as follows. " i Section seventy-seven to " this Act."

Section eighty-five, from " and as regards the United "

j to " one calendar month from the passing hereof, "

j and the words "and the said enactments shall be

repealed."

i Section eighty-six:, from " Admiralty " where it first

[occurs to United Kingdom, " where those words

lust occur.

Section eighty-eight, the words "her heirs and

' successors."

Section ninety, the words "the Lords of " twice I occurring,

j The schedule.

i The Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1866.

In pait; namely, —

Preamble, and to "same as follows."

Section one, the words "for England."

Section two, the words "alter the passing of this Act." Section three, the words "for England" twice occurring.

Section seven, the words "for England."

Section eleven, from " commencing " to " sixty-six." Section fifteen to " enacted that."

Section seventeen, the words "for England? *

Section nineteen, to " enacted that."

The Evidence (Scotland) Act, 1866.

In part; namely, —

Preamble, and to "same as follows."

* The Poor Law Amendment Act of 1866.

In part; namely, —

Preamble, and to "same as follows."

Section five.

Section eight to " provided that."

Section fourteen, the first word " That."

Section sixteen.

Section nineteen.

56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 115.- An Act to provide for the Government of the Straits Settlements. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows.*' Section one. Section two to " Act." Section four, from " and all judicial " to " authorities therein."

29 & 30 Vict. c. 117.- The Reformatory Schools Act, 1866. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted " to " as follows." Section twenty-four, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section twenty-five, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section thirty-two, the words "before or after the passing of this Act." The Schedule, Forms (A.) (B.) and (C.), as to England.

29_& 30 Vict. c. 118.' The Industrial Schools Act, 1866. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." The words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's" wherever they »xscur in sections thirty-five, thirty-eight, forty, and forty-two.

29 <& 30^ Vict. c. 122. - The Metropolitan Commons Act, 1866. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted " to "same as follows." Section five to " Act " where it first occurs, and from " but nothing " to " present session." Section twenty-nine, the words "her heirs or successors, " the words "Her Majesty's " before " Woods " and before " Works " the words "Forests and Land Revenues " and " and Public Buildings, " and the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's" before " Treasury." Section thirty-two, the words "her heirs or successors, " wherever they occur, " or have, " and " Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

30 & 31 Vit t. c. 3. - The British North America Act, 1867. In part; namely, — From "Be it therefore" to "same as follows." Section two. Section four to " provisions " where it last occurs. Section twenty-five. Sections forty-two and forty-three. Section fifty-one, from " of the census" to "seventy-one and " and the word "subsequent." Section eighty-one. Section eighty-eight, from " and the House " to the end of the section. Sections eighty-nine and one hundred and twenty-seven. Section one hundred and forty-five. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 5. - The Dog Licences Act, 1867. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted " to " name as follows." Section three, from " after the said fifth " to " sixty-seven " where it first occurs, the words "kept in " where they secondly occur, and from " after the said twenty-fourth " to " sixty-seven."

30 & 31 Vict. c. 6. - The Metropolitan Poor Act, 1867. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted '' to " same as follows." Section two, from "The term" where those words last occur, t> " England." Section eleven, the words "resident in the district and." The word "of" before "1884." in sections twenty-three, forty-seven, forty-eight, and fifty-six. Section twenty-nine, the words "for purposes of medical instruction and." Section forty-seven, the words "from the twenty-ninth day of September next " and from " but this repeal" to the end of the section. Section forty-eight, the words "from the said twenty -ninth day of September next." Section sixty-three, iho words " the Governor and Company of." Section sixty-nine from " after the " to " sixty-seven." Section seventy-nine, the words "resident therein and."

30 & 31 Vict. c. 9. - The School of Physic (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1867. In part; namely. Preamble, and to " of the same." Section one to " Act " and the words "said " where it first occurs and " that " where it last occurs. Section two to " enacted that " and the word "said " before " King's." Section three to " deliver, " the words "and instead thereof such lectures, " and from " Provided always " to the end of the section. Section five to " enacted that." Section six to " this Act " and the word "that " wherever it occurs. Section seven to " repealed; and." Section eight to "this Act" and from "and that the " to the end of the section.

30 & 31 Vict c. 15. - The Shipping Dues Exemption Act, 1867. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted " to " snme as follows." Section two. Section four to " Act, " where it first occurs. Sections five to nine.

Reign and Chapter.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 16.

30 & 31 Vict 31 Vict. c. 17.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 19.

30 & 31 Vict c. 29.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 35.

Title.

The Canada Rail way Loan Act, 1867. 1

In part; namely; —

From " Be it therefore" to "same as follows."

The words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's" wherever they occur in sections one and four. Sections two and three.

An Act to regulate the Court and Office of the Lyon King of Arms in Scotland, and the Emoluments uf the Officers of the same, i In part; namely, —

I Preamble, and to "same as follows."

I Section one to " Act."

The words " her heirs and successors " and u Commissioners of Her Majesty's" wherever they occur in sections three, five, eight, and ten.

Section five, from " subject to the " to " this Act." i Section seven, to " so that " where those words first

: occur, from "no vacancy" where those words next

occur, to " so that, " and from " Provided always "

, to the end of the section.

Section eight, the words appointed after the 1 passing of this Act " twice occurring, and " each

herald or pursuivant so appointed."

Section eleven, the words "from and after the

i passing of this Act."

! Section twelve.

Section thirteen to " such vacancy " and from " in lieu

j of " to the end of the section.

Schedule A.

An Act to amend the Petty. Sessions Act (Ireland), 1851, as:to the backing of Warrants.

I In part; namely, —

Preamble, and to "same as follows."

Section one, the first word " That."

An Act to amend the Law in respect of the Sale and i Purchase of Shares iu Joint Stock Banking Companies, j In part; namely, —

i Preamble, and to " of the same."

Section one, the first word " That " and from "from j and after " to " sixty-seven."

An Act to remove some defects in the Administration of the Criminal Law.

In part; namely, — j Preamble, and to " of the same."

! Section one, the first word " That."

Section three, to u complaint; Therefore " and the I words " or affirmation."

Section six to " Therefore."

Section seven, from " and the expenses " to the end I of the section.

i Section t\vel\c^jgjtjzec

91

Reign and Chapter. Title.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 36. - An Act the title of which begin/* with the words t(An Act to authorize " and ends with the words "City of Chester." In part; namely, — Title, from " to authorize " to " Chester and " where those words last occur. Section four to " Act " and the words "or gaol delivery."

30 & 31 Vict. c. 39. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for amending " and ends with the word "Police." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, from " in lieu " to " December."

30 & 31 Vict 31 Vict. c. 42. - The Hypothec Amendment (Scotland) Act, 1867. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section seven, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

30 & 31 Vict 31 Vict. c. 46. - f An Act to amend the Law relating to the Office of County Treasurer in Ireland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, from "or other" to " time being." Section sixteen. Section seventeen, the words "Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

30 & 31 View c. 47. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the words "on Judgments." In part; namely. — Title, the words "the Companies Act, 1862, and also." From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Section two, from " in the manner " to the end of the section.

80 & 31 Vict. c. 48. - i The Sale of Land by Auction Act, 1867. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted " to " as follows." Section two. Section five to "as follows: That." Section seven to " aforesaid that, " and from " from and after " to " Act."

30 & 31 Vict. c. 50. - An Act to afford further Facilities for the Erection of certain Bridges in Ireland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two.

J

Reign and Chapter. Title.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 52. - The Herring Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1867. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to same as follows.* Section one to Act." Section two to as follows.'* The words 44 Commissioners of Her Majesty's" in sections four and seven.

30 & 31 Vict c. 54. - The Charitable Donations and Bequests Act (Ireland), 1867. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to same as follows." Section nineteen, the words Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section twenty to Act.* Section twenty-four to sixty-eight."

30 & 31 Vict. c. 59. - The Statute Law Revision Act, 1867. In part; namely, — The Schedule.

30 & 31 Vict 31 Vict. c. 60. An Act to amend certain Acts relating to Linen, Hempen, and other Manufactures in Ireland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to same as follows."

30 & 31 Vict. c. 62. An Act the title of which begins with the words r< An Act to abolish and ends with the words or Right." In part; namely, — From Be it enacted " to same as follows." Section one to repealed and."

30 & 31 Vict. c. 69. - An Act the title of which begins with the words An Act to explain " and ends with the words deceased Persons." In part; Damely, — Preamble and to snme as follows."

30 & 31 Vict 31 Vict. c. 70. - The Public Records (Ireland) Act, 1867. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to same as follows." Section three the words Lord Lieutenant and " and from the Lord *' to Ireland and '* and the word respectively." Section four, the words from the passing of this Act '* and her heirs and successors." Section six, to thereupon, " the word there " and from 44from and after" to established." Section seven. The words Commissioners of Her Majesty's " in sections seven, eight, nine, twelve, seventeen, twenty-one, and twenty-three. The words to the Lord Lieutenant " after Secretary " in sections ten and fourteen. Section fourteen to Act where it first occurs. Section twenty-three, the words her heirs and successors." by GoQgle

93

Reign and Chapter. Title.

30 *31 Vict. c. 72. - An Act for abolishing the Office of Vice-President of the Board of Trade, and substituting a Secretary with a Seat in Parliament. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same &9 follows.'* Section one to "repealed; and, " the words "the Commissioners of, " and from " in lieu " to "authorised."

30 & 31 Vict. c. 75. - The Office and Oath Act, 1867. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, the words "after the passing of this Act." Section two. Section three, the words "after the passing of this Act" from " the jurisdiction" to "exercised by, " the words "or her successors" from " to exercise " to " chief judge, " and from " also "to "as aforesaid."

30 & 31 Vict. c. 80. - The Valuation of Lands (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1867. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section lour to " enacted as follows."

30 & 31 Vict.©. 81. - An Act to simplify the Forms of Prorogation during the Recess of Parliament. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, the words "her heirs or successors " twice occurring, " or their, " and " her heirs and successors."

30 & 31 Vict. c. 85. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to include " and ends with the word "Selkirk." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, from " from and after " to sixty-seven."

30 & 31 Vict. c. 87. - The Court of Chancery (Officers) Act, 1867. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

30 & 31 Vict. c. 89. - The Stamp Duty Composition (Ireland) Act, 1867.

30 & 31 Vict 31 Vict. c. 90. - An Act to alter certain Duties and to amend the Laws relating to the Inland Revenue. In part; namely, — From Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Section one to make gold or silver plate " and from "from and after " to sixty-seven." Section nineteen to enacted that." Section twenty-five to sixty-seven.". VJVJO V 1C

Reign and Chapter. j Tide.

80 & 31 Vict. c; 95. - f:An Act to amend the Laws regulating the > SnpeSacnnation 1 Allowances of the Dublin Metropolitan Police. | In part; namely, —; Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one. Section two, from " or other " to " Ireland."

30 & 31 Vict. c. 96. - j The Debts Recovery (Scotland) Act, 1867., In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." j Section two to " Act." | Section seventeen, the word "advocation."

30 & 31 Vict. c. 97. - 1 The Trusts (Scotland) Act., 1867. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section fifteen, from "under the" to "Act, 1860, " and from " and the warrant " to the end of the section.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 101. The Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two to " been repealed and." Section six. Section eight, from' " and the said inspectors shall " to the end of the section. The words " Commissioners of Her Majesty's " and "said Commissioners of Her Majesty's" wherever they occur in sections eleven, fourteen, thirty-two, and ninety. Section fifteen, from " and such allowance " to the end of the section. Section thirty-one, from "Lords and to "Honourable, " and from "or any three" to " being one, " and the words "or any members thereof as aforesaid."

30 & 31 Vict. c. 102. - ' The Representation of the People Act, 1867. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section three, from " in and after" to "sixty-eight." The words " an i when registered to vote " in sections three to six. Section four, from " in and after " to " sixty-eight" Section five, from " in and after" to " sixty-eight." Section six, from " in and after " to " sixty-eight." Section ten. Section twelve. Section seventeen to " present Parliament." Section eighteen. Section nineteen, from " the borough of Chelsea " to " members, and " and the word "other." Section twenty. Section twenty-one to " present Parliament, " the words "instead of one " and from " and the " to the end of the section and the whole section so far as it relates to Sulford.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 102. — coat. Sections twenty-two nud twenty-three. Section twenty-eight, from " in the form " to " Act." Section thirty, from " in and after" to "sixty-eight" and from " shall be " in sub-section two to " such claim " and from " according " to " Schedule G." Section thirty-two. Section thirty-six, from except" to "Aylesbury" and the residue during continuance of 46 & 47 Vict 47 Vict. c. 51. s. 7. Section forty-six, from " nor be entitled to vote " to " continued to reside." Section fifty-one, to " enacted that." Section fifty-two, to " enacted that." Section fifty-three. Section fifty-seven, to " this Act." Section sixty-one, the definition of month and of dwelling-house. Schedule A. except as to New Malton and Windsor. Schedule B. as to Chelsea. Schedules C., 1)., E., and G.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 104.- An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the word "Railways." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

30 & 31 Vict. c. 105. - The Councils of Conciliation Act, 1867. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." The word " stewartry " in sections four and nine. Section nineteen.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 106. - The Poor Law Amendment Act, 1867. In part; namely, — Title, from " to make " to " and " Preamble, and to " that is to say." Section six to " repealed; and." Section eighteen, the word "of" before " 1866." The schedule, except as to 29 & 30 Vict. c. 113.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 112. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to provide " and ends with the word "Damage." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two, from " or other " to " Ireland, " and the words "or they." Section three, from " or other " to " Ireland, " and the words "or they."

30 & 31 Vict. c. 115. - The Justices of the Peace Act, 1867. In part; namely, — To " as follows (that is to say)."

r Reign and Chapter. j Title.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 116.- An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the word "Ireland.'* In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, the word "that " wherever it occurs.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 118.- An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to provide " and ends with the words "in Ireland." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, from " Lord " where it first occurs to "being." Section seven. Section eight to " Act " where it first occurs. Section nine. Section ten to " sixty-eight."

30 & 31 Vict. c. 122. - The Courts of Law Fees Act, 1867. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." The words " Commissioners of Her Majesty's " wherever they occur in section nine.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 124. - An Act to amend the Merchant Shipping Act, 1854. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows."

30 & 31 Vict. c. 126. - The Railway Companies (Scotland) Act, 1867. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted "to " same as follows." Section four, from "at any time after the passing of this Act *' to " registered after the passing of this Act." Section thirty-six, the words "after the passing of this Act."

30 & 31 Vict. c. 127. - The Railway Companies Act, 1867. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Section four, the words "at any time after the passing of this Act." Section thirty-six, the words "after the passing of this Act."

30 & 31 Vict. c. 128. - The War Department Stores Act, 1867. In part: namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Section twenty, the words "her heirs and successors " and "her heirs or successors.' *

30 & 31 Vict. c. 130. - The Agricultural Gangs Act, 1867. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two.

97

Reign and Chapter. Title.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 131.- ] 1 The Companies Act, 1867. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows."

80 & 31 Vict. c. 133. - i 1 i 1 1 The Consecration of Churchyards Act, 1867. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section six to " therefore enacted that." Section twelve to " enacted that, " and the words "heretofore or no: affects marriages."

30 & 31 Vict. c. 134. - | The Metropolitan Streets Act, 1867. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section three, the words "Her Majesty's " and " and Public Buildings." Section five, from "after" to "sixty-eight." Section seventeen, from "and to place" to "of stamps."

30 & 31 Vict. c. 135. - | i An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the Establishment" and ends with the words "on Visitations." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one to " Act " where it first occurs, and the words "Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

30 & 31 Vict. c. 136. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to enable " and ends with the words "Private Bills." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

30 & 81 Vict. c. 144. - S The Policies of Assurance Act, 1867. 1 In part; namely, — j Preamble, and to "same as follows."

31 & 32 Vict. c. 4. 1 An Act to amend the Law relating to Sales of Reversions, j In part; namely, — j Preamble, and to "same as follows."

31 & 32 Vict. c. 5. The Metropolitan Streets Act Amendment Act, 1867. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows."

31 & 32 Vict. c. 9. - An Act to regulate the Disposal of extra Receipts of Public Departments. In part; namely, — Preamble from "and it is expedient" to end of preamble and from " Be it enacted" to "same as follows."

31 & 32 Vict. c. 12. - The Fairs (Ireland) Act, 1868. In part; namely, —:Preamble, and to "same as follows." I Section two, from "The term Lord" to "time 1 being." n

9$ Ctf. 14. Statute Law Revision A, 1893. 56 ViOTi

Reiga and Chapter. j Title.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 17. i:The London Coal and Wine Duties Continuance Act, 1868.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 19. - An Act the title of which begins with the word* " An Act for declaring " and ends with the word "Churches."

31 & 32 Vict. c. 20. - ! The Legitimacy Declaration Act (Ireland), 1868. j In part; namely, — Preamble, Hnd to " same as follows."

31 & 32 Vict. c. 21. - The Prison Officers Compensation Act, 1868.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 22. - The Petty Sessions and Lock-up House Act, 1868. 1 In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

31 & 32 Vict 32 Vict. c. 24. The Capital Punishment Amendment Act, 1868. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two, the words "alter the passing of this Act."

31. & 32 Vict. c. 25. - The Industrial Schools Act (Ireland), 1868. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section three, from "The expression the" to "time being." The words " Commissioners of Her Majesty's " in sections twenty-eight, thirty, and thirty-two.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 26. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to enable " and ends with the word "Stock." In part; namely, — Preamble, from " And whereas " to end of preamble, and from " Be it therefore " to same as follow*."

31 & 32 Vict. c. 30. - The United Parishes (Scotland) Act, 1868. In part; namely, — Title, from " and to repeal " to the end of the title. Preamble, and to "same as follows, viz."

31 & 32 Vict. c. 31. - j The Stockbrokers (Ireland) Act, 1868. In part; namely, — Preamble, und to " same as follows."

31 & 32 Vict 32 Vict. c. 32. - The Endowed Schools Act, 1868. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section six.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 33. - The Cotton Statistics Act, lt<68. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section three, from " on the fourth " where those words first occur to " sixty-eight and, " and the word "subsequent."

Reign and Chapter. Title.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 34. - t I . 1 | An Act to alter some Provisions in the existing) Acts as to-Registration of Writs in certain Registers in Scotland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one to M Act " where it first occurs. Section two to " therefore enacted that." Section three, from " after the date " to " this Act."

81 & 32 Vict. c. 37. - j j The Documentary Evidence Act, 1868. In part; riamely, — Preamble, and to "same as follews."; Section four, from "for such term" to the end of the section. Schedule, the words "Commissioners of the."

31 & 32 Vict c. 38. - i An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the Appropriation" and ends with the words "in India." From "Be it enacted " to " as follows (that is to say).", Section one, the words "arisen or, " " is now or " 1 occurring twice, " has heretofore been or " and u have come into and are now remaining in the | hands or " and the word "hereafter " wherever j it occurs. 1 Section two, the word "hereafter."

31 & 32 Vict. c. 40. - i The Partition Act, 1868. In part; namely, — j From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Section ten. 1 Section eleven.

31 A 82^'ict. c. 44. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for facilitating " and ends with the words "Charitable Purposes." 1

31 A'82 Vict. c. 45. - 1 The Sea Fisheries Act, 1868. In part; namely, — From " Be it enacted" to "same as follows." S-ction forty-seven, the words "her heirs or successors." Section sixty-four, the words "the Commissioners of."

31 & 32 Vict. c. 46. - i The Boundary Act, 1868. I In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section lour and First Schedule so far as they respectively relate to Abingdon, Aylesbury, Barn-i staple, Bewdley, Bridgewater, Chichester, Ciren-! cester, Droitwich, Finsbury, Greenwich, Guildford, i Hertford, Khagston-upon-Hull, Lewe«, Macclesfield, 1 Newport, Richmond, Stamford, Stroud, Wilton, | Beaumaris District, Cardigan District, and Swansea j District. G 2

Reign and Chapter. j Title.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 46. — con t. Section five, from "The new boroughs formed" to the end of the section. Sections six to ten. Second Schedule as to Chelsea and Wednesbury. Third, Fourth, and Fifth Schedules.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 47. - i i An Act to amend the Consecration of Churchyards Act, 1867. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, the first word " That."

31 & 32 Vict. c. 46. - i The Representation of the People (Scotland) Act, 1868. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " game as follows." Section two, from " except" to the end of the section. The words " and when registered to vote " in sections three to five. Section three, from " in and after " to " sixty-eight, " from "the first day " to "present or, " and the word u subsequent." Section four, from " in and after " to M sixty-eight." Section five, from " in and after " to " sixty-eight." Section six, from " the first day " to "present or " and the word "subsequent." Section seven. Section nine, from " the City of Glasgow " to " Parliament" where it next occurs and the word "Lanark." Section ten to " Parliament " where it first occurs, from " shall " where it first occurs to " Parliament " where next occurring, and from " shall cease " to " said counties." Section eleven to " Parliament " where it first occurs. Section twelve, from " in and after " to " sixty-eight.*' Section fourteen, from " And where any " to the end of the section, except so far as the words so repealed relate to the rights of persons saved by the Representation of the People Act, 1884. Section twenty to " enacted as follows." Section twenty-one. Section twenty-two to " as follows." Section thirty. Section thirty-five to " sixty-nine and " where thoee words first occur, and the word "succeeding." Section thirty-eight, from " and if more " to " Sundays." Section thirty-nine, from "on the day" to "Vice-Chancellor who is " from " foj such university " to " the several books and " and from " and if the votes " to the end of the section. Section forty-three. Section fifty-one to " enacted that." Section fifty-nine, the words M Month shall mean calendar month." Schedule B, the entry as to Lanarkshire. Schedule G.

Reign and Chapter. I Title.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 49. -, < l i The Representation of the People (Ireland) Act, 1868. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section three to " Act " where it first occurs. Section four, the words "and when registered to vote." Section five, from "according to the form" to " Schedule (D)." Section eleven, to " enacted that." Section twenty-one to " Act" where it first occurs. Section twenty-five, from "month" where it first occurs to " month." Schedule D., Forms Nos. 1 and 2.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 54. - ! I The Judgments Extension Act, 1868. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows."

31 & 32 Vict 32 Vict. c. 55. - j i The Courts of Law Fees (Scotland) Act, 1868. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." The words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's" in sections two, three, four, and niue, and where they last occur in section six. Section seven.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 57. - J An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to make " and ends with the word "Appointments.* Repealed as to all Her Majesty's dominions.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 58. - 1 The Parliamentary Electors Registration Act, 1868. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section twenty-seven to " Act " where it first occurs. Section thirty-three.

31 & 32 Vict 32 Vict. c. 59. i i The Irish Reformatory Schools Act, 1868. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." . Section four, the words "of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland " and the words "of Ireland." i The words " county of a city or county of a town " in sections eight and ten. Section twelve, the words "after the passing of this Act " and " the city of." Section eighteen, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's " and " of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland." Section nineteen to " enacted that." Section twenty-sir to " schools." Section twenty-eight, the words "of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland."

31 & 32 Vict-c. 62. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to extend " and ends with the word "Ireland." In part; namely, — Preamble, and tpz"^ (that is to say)."

Reign and Chapter. Title.

31 &32 Vi«t*c. 64k . - The Land Registers (Scotland) Act, 1863. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same aa follows." Section eight, from " rot later than " to " writ for registration therein." Section eleven. The words " Commissioners of Her Majesty's " in sections nineteen and twenty-one. Section twenty to " in the office of " from " or when the " to " his successors and from " from and after " to " effect." Section twenty-two. Section twenty-five, from "after the discontinuance" to " of this Act." Section twenty-eight.

31 & 32Vifct. c. 65. - The Universities Elections Act, 1868. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one to " Act."

31 & 82 Vict. c. 67. - The Police Rate Act, 1868. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two, the word "said " when it first occurs. Section three, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's.*'' Section four.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 69. - The Libel Act (Ireland), 1868.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 70. - The Railways Traverse Act. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to u same as follows."

31 & 32 Vict. c. 71. - The County Courts Admiralty Jurisdiction Act, 1868. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted '* to " same as follows.'* Section two, the words "after the passing of this Act." Section nine. Section thirty-six, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

31 & 32 Vict. c. 72. - The Promissory Oaths Act, 1868. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section fourteen, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Schedule Second Part so far as relates to the chief justice and puisne justices of the common pleas, the chief baron and puisne barons of the Exchequer, and the judge of the Probate Court in England, and to the chief justice and puisne justices of the common pleas in Ireland. )iti2ed by

Ch. 14. 1*03

Hoign and Chapter. Title.

3l &r32 Vict. c. 74. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to extend " and ends with the word "Ireland."

In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two to " always that " and from or with " to "Act, 1866."

31 & 32 Vict. c. 75. - The Juries Act (Ireland), 1868.

31A 32 Vict. c. 77. - The Divorce Amendment Act, 1868. In part; namely. — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one. Section three. Section four to " Act; and." Section six.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 78. - The Admiralty Suits Act, 1868. In part; namely, — Frotn " Be it enacted" to "same as follows.'* Section two. Section seven, the words M her heirs and successors " and *4 her heirs or successors."

31 &Z2 Vict. c. 82. - The County General Assessment (Scotland) Act, 1868. In part; namely, — Title, from " to abolish " to " thereof." Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two.

31 & 82 Vict. c. 83. The Army Chaplains Act, 1868. Inpart; namely, — Preamble, anti to " same as follows." Section four, the words "after the passing of this Act."

31 & 32 Vict. c. 84. The Entail Amendment (Scotland) Act, 1868. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section seven. Section eight to "enacted that" and the words "from and after the passing of this Act." Section twelve to " enacted that." Section fourteen to " enacted that." Section seventeen to " Act " where it first occurs. Section eighteen, the words "from and after the passing of this Act." Schedule.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 86. - The Policies of Marine Assurance Act, 1868. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

31 & 32 Vict. c. 87. - The Vaccination Amendment (Ireland) Act, 1863. Preamble^ and to "same as follows." I Section three, the words "heretofore or." ! Section four, the words "after the passing of this Act." VjLJUvlt.

Reign and Chapter. Tide.

31 & 32 Vict 32 Vict. c. 88. - An Act the title of which begius with the words "An Act for transferring " ami ends with the word "Fond." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows, that is to say." 1 Section one. Schedule.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 89. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act ! to alter " and ends with the word "Office." | In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted " to " authority of the same." 1 Section one, the first word " That." | Section six, from u as soon " to " passing of this Act, " I and the words "Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

81 & 32 Vict. c. 92. - i j An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to . declare " and ends with the words "Territory thereof."

31 & 32 Vict. c. 95. -; An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the word "Scotland." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Sections two to nine, twelve, fourteen, fifteen, and seventeen. Schedule (A.)

31 & 32 Vict. c. 96. - The Ecclesiastical Buildings and Glebes (Scotland) Act. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section three to " Act."

31 & 32 Vict c. 97. -; The Lunatic Asylums (Ireland) Accounts Audit Act, 1868. In part namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section six, from " or other " to " Ireland." Section eleven.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 98. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to make " and ends with the word "Ireland." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " some as follows." Section three, the words "or other Chief Governor of Ireland."

31 & 32 Vict. c. 100.- ] i I j The Court of Session Act, 1868. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same os follows." Section three. Section seventeen, the words "her heirs and successors." Section twenty-seven. Section twenty-eight, the words "except under subdivision 1." Section thirty.one. n r^a\o

Reign and Chapter. Title. t.

31 & 32 Vict 32 Vict. c. 100. — cent. Section sixty-three, the words "in the summar roll." Section sixty-four. Section seventy-one from " and it shall be lawful " to the end of the section. Section one hundred and two to " passing of this Act." Section one hundred and five to " repealed and ", the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's ", and from " which salaries " to the end of the section.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 101. - ' i 1 i 1 j The Titles to Land Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1868. In part; namely, — | Preamble, and to "same as follows." ! Section three, from " The word month " to " month, " the words "and steward, " where they first occur, the words "or stewartry, " twice occurring, the words "and steward clerk, " and from " and the word ‘ Crown ' " to " royal successors." Section four to "repealed and, " the word "other" occurring twice, and from " Provided always " to the end of the section, j Section five, the words "not held by burgage tenure " | and " a proouratory or clause of resignation." | Section six, from " and that the title " to the end of the section, i Section eight to " date, and." ! Section sixteen., Section nineteen, from "to be holden" to "free I burgage, " from "where such" to "burgage tenure, " next thereafter occurring, and from "or where they " to " in his favour." | Section twenty-four, the words "of Schedule (E.) i hereto annexed, or " and from " to beholden in " to " free burgage." i Section twenty-five, from " to be holden in " to " free burgage " and the words "or of resignation and sasine.", Section twenty-seven to " Act " where it first occurs. Section forty-two, the words "has pronounced or." Section forty-six, from "in the case of lands" to " burgage tenure, " secondly thereafter occurring, from " and in the case " to " said lands are held, " from " where the same are held " to " deceased's superior, " from "Provided always" to "vassals unentered, " and the word "also." Section forty-seven, from "and every such " to the end of the section. Section forty-nine. Section fifty-two to " of the said Sheriff of Chancery " and from "after the death " where those words iast occur to " clerk of Chancery " where those words next occur. Section fifty-three. The words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's" in sections fifty-four an^ fifty-five.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 101. — | «ont. | i i I i I i 1 1 i 1, 1 1 Section fifty-five, the words "or any two or more of them." Sections fifty-six and fifty-seven. Section sixty-seven, the words "Her Majesty's" and " Forests and Land Revenues." Section seventy-two, from " and where such " to "said draft." Section seventy-eight, from " and where such " to said draft." Sections eighty to eighty-two. Section eighty-three to " Schedule (T.) and Crown write and, " the words "the said, " "other, " "writ or, " " Crown writs and, " and from " Provided that " to the end of the section. Section eighty-seven, from "and where" to "is recorded." Section eighty-eight, the words "or writ" and "or writs" wherever they occur, the words "Her Majesty's" where they first occur, "Forests and Land Revenues " " of the Commissioners " where they secondly occur, and " or any two of them." Section eighty-nine. Sections ninety-four and ninety-five. Sections ninety-seven ro ninety-nine. Section one hundred, to " Act; and " and from " and subject superiors " to the end of the section. Section one hundred and one, the words "or precepts of clare constat and charters of confirmation combined, " " or precept of clare constat and charter of confirmation combined " occurring twice, " or precept of clare constat with charter of confirmation combined " occurring twice, " as the case may be " occurring twice, and " or precept and charter combined." Section one hundred and fourteen, to " resignation and." Section one hundred and fifteen.

Section one hundred and sixteen, the words "writs of confirmation, writs of resignation " and " charters of confirmation, charters of resignation, and." Section one hundred and eighteen, from "in the case " to " tenure " where those words respectively first occur from "a m to "resignation" next thereafter occurring, from " and in the case " to "resignation" next thereafter occurring, from " or resignation " to " may be " and the words "or of resignation and sasine." | Section one hundred and forty-two, from "or of resignation" to "cognition and sasine." Section one hundred and fifty-one to " Act and." Section one hundred and fifty-two, the words "resignation and to " from " and of resignation " to " cognition and sasine, " the words "and to instruments of resignation and booking, " and from "Provided the section.

Ch. 14.

IW

Reign and Chapter. j Title.

31 & 32 Vict .t.lOl. — coni. Section one hundred and fifty-eight to " Act.*' - Section one hundred and sixty, to "Act" and from " such claim " to the end of the section. Schedule A, Na 2, the words "or the particular register of sasines, " and sections seven to nine and eleven. Schedule B., No. 1, the words "not held burgage, " and from " and I resign " to " investiture." Schedule E. Schedule H., No. 1, from "or with writ" to "writ thereon, " and the words "or writ of resignation." Schedules L and R. Schedule T., Nos. 1 and 3. Schedule V. Schedule A. A., Nos. 1 and 2.

31A 32 Vict. c. 103. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the word "Church." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, the first word "That''and the words "after the passing of this Act."

3i A 32 Vict. c. 105. - Rupert's Land Act, 1868.

31A 32 Vict. c. 106. - The Metropolitan Fairs Act, 1868. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to ".same as follows."

31A 32 Vict. c. 107. - The Indictable Offences Act Amendment Act, 1868. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one. Section three, the word "said." Section five, the words "or steward."

81 & 32 Vict. c. 108. - The Municipal Elections Amendment (Scotland) Act, 1868. In part; namely, — Preamble, anil to " same as. follows." Section three, from " which Schedule " to " repealed." Section six, from " in the year " to " sixty-eight, " from " and the raid " to " said year, " and the words "subsequent " and " as heretofore." Section nine, from "in the manner" to "election" where it next occurs and from " and the intimation" to "admit" where it next occurs, the words "as herein-before directed, " and from "Provided that " to the end of the section. Section eleven to " sixty eight." Section twelve, from "on and after" to "sixty-eight." Sections thirteen and fourteen. Section fifteen to " seventy-six." Section sixteen to " this Act." 1 Schedule B.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1893.

Reign and Chapter.

31 & 82 Vict. c. 109.

31A 32 Vict. c. 112.

31A 32 Vict. c. 114.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 116.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 117.

31A 32 Vict. c. 118.

Title.

The Compulsory Church Rate Abolition Act, 1868.

In part; namely, —

Preamble, and to "same as follows."

Section one to " Act."

I The Registration Amendment (Ireland) Act, 1868.

In part; namely, —

Preamble, and to "same as follows."

Section thirty-one, from " in the year " to " sixty-nine and, " and the word "succeeding."

Section thirty-two, from " in the year " to " sixty-nine and " and the word "succeeding."

Section thirty-three, from " under the provisions " to

1 "seventy-four" and from "anything" to "not-

withstanding."

Section thirty-four, from " in the year " where those words first occur to "sixty-nine and" and from " in the year " where those words secondly occur to " seventy and " and the word "succeeding " occurring twice.

Section thirty-seven to " Act."

t The Ecclesiastical Commission Act, 1868.

- In part; namely, —

Preamble, and to "same as follows."

Section three, the words "for England."

An Act to amend the Law relating to Larceny and Embezzlement.

In part; namely, —

Preamble, and to "same as follows."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the word "Cases."

In part; namely, —

Preamble, and to "same as follows."

Section two, the words "from and after the passing of this Act."

The Public Schools Act, 1868.

In part; namely, —

Preamble, and to "same as follows.",

i Sections fifteen to nineteen.

Section twenty, subsection six, the words "From and after the passing of this Act, " and subsection fifteen, the words "for England."

Section twenty-two, the words "after the passing of this Act."

Section twenty-three.

Section twenty-six, the words "after the passing of this Act."

Section twenty-seven to " 1864: And."

Section twenty-nine to " Act " where it first occurs. Section thirty.

Section thirty-one, from " Any scheme " to the end of

the section^.^.

Ch. 14.

109

Reign and Chapter. Title.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 119. - The Regulation of Railways Act, 1868. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows" Section three, from " held " to "sixty-eight." Section fifteen to " sixty-nine." Section twenty, the words "from and after the first day of October next." Section twenty-two to " sixty-nine."

31A 32 Vict c. 120. - ! ! An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to relieve " and ends with the words "West Indies." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, from "Provided always"to the end of the section.

31A 32 Vict. c. 121. - 1 The Pharmacy Act, 1868. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one to " sixty-eight." Section four. Section five. Section nine from " with all " to " Act and." Section fifteen to 4< sixty-eight." Section twenty-two, the words "from and after the passing of this Act." Section twenty-five to " Act " where it first occurs.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 122. - | 1 The Poor Law Amendment Act, 1868. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section three. Section eleven to " and thenceforth." Section twenty-seven to " next " where it first occurs and the word "said." Section thirty-six, from " and section " to " 1834." Section forty-four.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 123. - The Salmon Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1868. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section thirty, from " without any " to " pronounced thereon, " and the words "by advocation or." Section thirty-three, to " imposed: and." Section thirty-five to " counties and."

31 & 32 Vict. c. 124. - An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Inland Revenue. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Section seven to " sixty-eight." Section eight. Section nine to " enacted that." | The schedule. 1

Ch. 14, 15.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1803.

56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Tide.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 125. - The Parliamentary Elections Act 1868. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section five to " Parliament " where it first occurs. Section eleven, sub-section eight and sub-sections two, three, five, seven, and nine as to England. Section twenty-eight, the words "the Commissioners of." Section fifty, to iC Parliament " where it first occurs. Section fifty-four. Section fifty-five. Section fifty-eisht, the words w the Commissioners of, " twice occurring. Section fifty-nine. Schedule.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 126. - The Danube Works Loan Act, 1868. In part; namely, — Preamble, from " And whereas " where those words last occur to end of preamble, and from " Be it therefore" to "same as follows." Section one, the words "her heirs and successors." The words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's" in sections two, three, and four.

31 & 32 Vict 32 Vict. c. 12d. - The Colonial Shipping Act, 1868. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows."

CHAPTER 15.

An Act to amend the Acts relating to Reformatory Schools in Scotland.

[9th June 1893.]

Commitment

of offenders between twelve and sixteen years of age to reformatory schools.

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the a I vice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempoial, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Where a youthful offender, who in the opinion of the Court before whom he is charged is less than sixteen years of age, is convicted, whether on indictment or by a court of summary jurisdiction, of an offence punishable with penal servitude or imprisonment, and either —

(a.) appears to the Court to be not less than twelve years of age;

or

Reformatory Schools (Scotland) , 1893. Ch. 15, 16.

Ill

(6.) is proved to have been previously conviefced an offence punishable with penal servitude or imprisonment,

the Court may, in addition to or in lieu of sentencing him according to law to any punishment, order that he be sent to a certified reformatory school, and be there detained for a period of not less than three and not more than five years, so, however, that the period is such as will in the opinion of the Court expire at or before the time at which the offender will attain the age of nineteen years.

2. Without prejudice to any other powers of the Court, the Court may direct that the offender be taken to a prison or to ^uJhfni any other place, not being a prison, which the Court thinks fit, offender, and the occupier of which is willing to receive him, and be detained therein for any time not exceeding seven days, or in

case of necessity for a period not exceeding fourteen days, or until an order i* sooner made for his discharge or for his being sent to a reformatory school, or otherwise dealt with under this or any other Act; and the person to whom the order is addressed is hereby en powered and required to detain him accordingly, and if the offender escapes he may be apprehended without warrant and brought back to the place of detention.

3. The expression "court of summary jurisdiction " in this Act Definition of means the sheriff, or any two justices of the peace, or any magistrate or magistrates who have jurisdiction under the Sum* jurudictaott. mary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Acts, sitting in open court.

[Short title.]

4. This Act may be cited as the Reformatory Schools (Scotland) Act, 1893.

CHAPTER 16.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four.

[9th June 1893.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the

Ch. 16, 17. Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1893.

56 Vict.

Issue of 9, 543, 843/. oat of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the year ending 31st March 1894.

Power to the Treasury to borrow.

[Short title.]

Confirmation of Convention.

Penalty for supplying, exchanging, or otherwise selling spirits.

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time being may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four the sum of nine million five hundred and forty-three thousand two hundred and forty-three pounds.

2. The Commissioners of the Treasury may borrow from time to time on the credit of the said sum any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of nine million five hundred and forty-three thousand two hundred and forty-three pounds, and shall repay the moneys so borrowed with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any sums so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

3. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1893.

CHAPTER 17.

An Act to carry into effect an International Convention respecting the Liquor Traffic in the North Sea.

[29th June 1893.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Convention set out in the schedule to this Act (hereinafter referred to as the scheduled Convention) is, with the Protocol thereto annexed, hereby confirmed, and the articles thereof shall be of the same force as if they were enacted in the body of this Act.

2. If within the North Sea limits but outside territorial waters any person on board or belonging to a British vessel supplies spirituous liquors to any person on board or belonging to a sea fishing boat he shall be liable —

(a) if the liquors are supplied in exchange for any article not belonging to the person supplied, to a fine not exceeding fifty

North Sea Fisheries, 1893. Ch. 17.

113

pounds, or, in the discretion of the court, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, with or without hard labour; and

(6) if the liquors are sold otherwise than by way of exchange for any such article, to a fine not exceeding thirty pounds, or in the discretion of the court, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, with or without hard labour.

3. If within the North Sea limits but outside territorial waters Penalty for any person on board or belonging to a British sea fishing boat purchasing purchases spirituous liquors, he shall be liable — ^change or

(a) if he gives any article not belonging to him in exchange for ctherwis*- the liquors, to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, or, in the discretion of the court, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, with or without hard labour; and

(b) if he purchases the liquors otherwise than by way of

exchange for any such article, to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

4. If within the North Sea limits but outside territorial waters Penalty for any person on board or belonging to a British vessel deals with breach of any person on board or belonging to a sea fishing boat in any , ccnoe‘ provisions or other articles for his use, except spirituous liquors, without a licence granted in pursuance of Article Three of the scheduled Convention, or without carrying on his vessel the mark agreed upon in pursuance of that Article, or in contravention of any conditions of a licence so granted, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, and his licence may be revoked.

5. Her Majesty the Queen may from time to time by Order in Power to Council make regulations for any of the following purposes:Sonu to1 *

(a) for prescribing the mode in which licences under Article licences and Three of the scheduled Convention are to be granted, renewed, other matters, and revoked; and

(b) for prescribing the mode of application for such licences, and the conditions under which, and the time for which, the licences are to be granted; and

(c) generally for giving effect to any of the provisions of this Act or any of the articles of the scheduled convention.

6. For the purpose of enforcing the provisions of this Act in JSuforcement the case of British and foreign vessels, whether within or beyond of Act' the North Sea limits, all British and foreign sea fishery officers respectively within the meaning of the Sea Fisheries Act, 1883, 46 47 Vict-shall have the same powers, and be entitled to the same protection, c‘ as they have and sire entitled to for the purpose of enforcing the provisions of that Act in the case of British and foreign sea fishing boats respectively.

Provided that* in the case of a vessel not being either a sea fishing boat or a vessel habitually employed in dealing with fishermen the power of a sea fishery officer to take the vessel to any port shall not be exercised, unless the sea fishery officer is satisfied that its exercise is necessary for the suppression of gr^yce^s@\e|OQ[0

XT

Ch. 17.

North Sea Fisheries Act, 1893. 56 & 57 Vict.

Legal proceedings.

Evidence.

Definitions.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 73.

Commencement and continuance of Act.

Repeal of 51 & 52 Vict. c. 18.

[Short title.]

7. Sections sixteen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty, twenty-one, and twenty-two of the Sea Fisheries Act, 1883, shall apply in the case of offends, fines, and legal proceedings under tins Act in the same manner as they apply in the case of offences, fines, and legal proceedings under that Act, and in those sections as so applied the expression "sea fishing boat " shall include any vessel.

8. Section seventeen of the Sea Fisheries Act, 1883, shall apply in the case of any formal statement drawn up in pursuance of Article Seven of the scheduled Convention in tl\e same manner as it applies in the case of any document drawn uf> in pursuance of the Convention set out in the First Schedule to that Act.

9. In this Act —

The expression "North Sea limits" shall mean the limits of the North Sea as fixed by Article Four of the Convention set out in the First Schedule to the Sea Fisheries Act, 1883.

The expression "territorial waters" shall mean the territorial waters of Her Majesty's dominions as defined by the Territorial Waters Jurisdiction Act, 1878.

The expression "sea fishing boat " shall have the same meaning as in the Sea Fisheries Act, 1883.

The expression "vessel " shall include ship, boat, lighter, and craft of every kind, whether navigated by steam or otherwise.

The expression "spirituous liquors " shall include every liquid obtained by distillation and containing more than five per centum of alcohol.

10. — (1.) This Act shall come into force on such day as may be fixed by a notice in that behalf published in the London Gazette.

(2.) The provisions of this Act relating to the sea fishery officers of any foreign State bound by the Convention set out in the First Schedule to the Sea Fisheries Act, 1883, shall continue in operation notwithstanding the termination of the operation of that Convention ^s respects that foreign State.

(3.) So much of this Act as has effect outside territorial waters shall, if the scheduled Convention ceases to be binding on Her Majesty, cease to apply to the vessels and officers of any foreign State bound by the scheduled Convention, but, subject as aforesaid, this Act shall continue in force notwithstanding the determination of the scheduled Convention.

(4.) A notification in the London Gazette shall be sufficient evidence of the adhesion of any foreign State to the scheduled Convention, and of the application of this Act to the vessels and officers of any foreign States.

11. The North Sea Fisheries Act, 1888, is hereby Repealed.

12. This Act may be cited as the North Sea Fisheries Act, 1893.

North Sea Fisheries, 1893. Ch. 17.

115

SCHEDULE.

Convention respecting the Liquor Traffic in the North Sea.

Her Majesty the Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, His Majesty the German Emperor, King of Prussia, in the name of the German Empire, His Majesty the King of the Belgians, His Majesty the King of Denmark, the President of the French Republic, and His Majesty the King of the Netherlands, having recognized the necessity of remedying the abuses arising' from the traffic in spirituous liquors amongst the fishermen in the North Sea outside territorial waters, have resolved to conclude a Convention for this pui*pose, and have named as their Plenipotentiaries, that is to say:

Her Majesty the Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, the Honourable Sir William Stuart, Knight Commander of Her Most distinguished Order of St. Michael and St. George, and Companion of Her Most Honourable Order of the Bath, her Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary at the Hague;

His Majesty the German Emperor, King of Prussia, Baron Jean Antoine de Saurma-Feftsch, Chevalier of the second class of his Orders of the Red Eagle and of the Crown, Ac., Privy Councillor of Legation, and Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary at the Hague;

* His Majesty the King of the Belgians, Baron Auguste d'Aoethan, Grand Officer of his Order of Leopold, Chevalier of the Order of the Netherlands Lion, Grand Cross of the Order of the Oaken Crown of Luxembourg, Ac., his Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary at the Hague, and M. Leopold Orban, Commander of his Order of Leopold, Commander of the; Order of the Netherlands Lion, Ac., his Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary, Director-General of Political Affairs at the Ministry for Foreign Affairs at Brussels;

His Majesty the King of Denmark, M. Corneille Marius Viruly, Chevalier of his Order of D&nebrog, Consul for Denmark;

The President of the French Republic, M. Louis D6sir6 Legrand, Officer of the National Order of the Legion of Honour, Grand Cross of the Order of the Netherlands Lion, Ac., Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary of the French Republic at the Hague;

His Majesty the King of the Netherlands, the Jonkheer Abrahanr Pierre Corneille van Karnebeek, Chevalier of his Order of the Netherlands Lion, Ac., his Minister for Foreign Affairs, and M. Edouard Nicolas Rahusen, Chevalier of his Order of the Netherlands Lion, &c., President of the College of Marine Fisheries:

... Who, after having communicated their full powers, found in good and due form, have agreed upon the following Articles:—

Article I.

The provisions of the present Convention shall apply to the North Sea, outside territorial waters, and within the limits fixed by Article IV. of the Convention of the Hague of the 6th May, 1882, respecting the police of the fisheries to every person on board a ship or boat of any one of the High Contracting Parties.

Article II.

The sale of spirituous liquors to persons on board or belonging to fishing-boats is forbidden.

The purchase of those liquors by such persons is forbidden.

116

Ch. 17.

North Sea Fisheries Act, 1893. 56 & 57 Vict.

The exchange of spirituous liquors for any article, and especially for products of the fisheries, gear or equipments of fishing boats, or fishing implements is forbidden.

Every liquid obtained by distillation, and containing more than five litres of alcohol per hectolitre, shall be considered a spirituous liquor.

Article III.

The liberty to deal with fishermen in provisions and other articles for their use (spirituous liquors excepted) shall be subject to a licence to be granted by the Government of the country to which the vessel belongs. This licence must specify the following amongst other conditions:—

1. The vessel may not have on board a quantity of spirits greater than what is deemed requisite for the consumption of her crew.

2. All exchange of the articles above indicated for products of the fisheries, gear, or equipments of fishing-boats, or fishing implements, is forbidden.

Vessels provided with this licence must carry a special and uniform mark to be agreed upon by the High Contracting Powers.

Article IV.

The High Contracting Parties engage to take, or to propose to their respective Legislatures, the necessary measures for insuring the execution of the present Convention, and especially for punishing, by either fine or imprisonment, or by both, those who may contravene Articles II. and III.

Article V.

The Tribunals competent to take cognizance of infractions of Article II. and III. are those of the country to which the accused vessel belongs. If vessels of different nationalities should be implicated in the same infraction, the Powers to which such vessels belong will mutually communicate to each other the Judgments given by the Tribunals.

Article VI.

Prosecutions for infractions shall be instituted by the State, or in its name.

Infractions may be verified by all means of proof allowed by the legislation of the country of the Court concerned.

Article VII.

The superintendence shall be excercised by the cruizers of the High Contracting Parties which are charged with the police of the fisheries.

When the officers commanding these cruizers have reason to believe that an infraction of the measures provided for in the present Convention has been committed, they may require the captain or master to exhibit the official documents establishing the nationality of his vessel, and where the case occurs, the licence. The fact of such documents having been exhibited shall then be indorsed upon them immediately.

Further, formal statements of the facts may be drawn up by the said officers whatever may be the nationality of the accused vessel. These formal statements shall be diawn up according to the forms and in the language used in the country to which the officer belongs; they may be used as means of proof in the country where they are adduced, and conformably with the laws of that country. The accused and the witnesses shall be entitled to add or to have added thereto, in their own language, any explanations which they may think useful. These declarations must be duly signed.

1893.

North Sea Fisheries Act, 1893. Ch. 17.

117

Resistance to the directions of Commanders of craizers, or of those who act under their orders, shall, without taking into account the nationality of the cruizers, be considered as resistance to national authority.

The Commander of the cruizer may, if the case appears to him sufficiently serious to justify the step, take the offending vess&l into a port of the nation to which she belongs.

The proceedings in respect of infractions of the provisions of the present Convention shall always take place as summarily as the Laws and Regulations will permit.

The High Contracting Parties will communicate to each other, at the time of the exchange of ratifications, the Laws which shall have been made in their respective countries in relation to the object of the present Convention.

States which have not signed the present Convention may adhere to it on making a request to that effect. This adhesion shall be notified through the diplomatic channel to the Government of the Netherlands, and by the latter to the other Signatory Powers.

The present Convention shall be brought into operation from and after a day to be agreed upon by the High Contracting Parties.

It shall remain in force for five years from that day, and, unless any of the High Contracting Parties shall, twelve months before the expiration of the said period of five years, have given notice of its intention to terminate its operation, it shall remain in force for one year longer, and so on from year to year.

If the Convention of the Hague of the 6th May, 1882, respecting the (police of the fisheries, should cease to be in force, Article XXVI. of the same Convention shall continue to operate as regards the object of the present arrangement.

The present Convention shall be ratified; the ratifications shall be exchanged at the Hague as soon as possible, and, if practicable, within a year.

In witness whereof, the respective Plenipotentiaries have signed the present Convention, and have thereto affixed their seals.

Done at the Hague, in six copies, the 16th November 1887.

Article VIII.

Article IX.

Article X.

Article XI.

Article XII.

(l.s.) W. Stuart.

(l.s.) Baron Saurma.

(l.s.) BaronA.D. Anethan.

(l.s.) Leopold Orb an. (l.s.) C. M. Viruly.

(l.s.) Louis Legrand.

(l.s.) v. Karnebeek.

(L.S.) B "N-- Ri HITSFK

118

Ch. 17, 18.

North Sea Fisheries Act, 1893. 56 & 57 Vict.

PROTOCOL.

Whereas it appears from the communications which have been received by the Government of the Netherlands that the Government of the "French Republic is not at present in a position to proceed to the ratification of the Convention which was signed at the Hague on the 16th November 1887, for remedying the abuses arising from the traffic in spirituous liquors amongst the fishermen in the North Sea outside territorial waters, the undersigned Plenipotentiaries of Great Britain, of Germany, of Belgium, of Denmark, and Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Kingdom of the Netherlands, having met in conference at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs at the Hague this 11th day of February 1893, and being duly authorised to that effect have agreed as follows

1. The above-mentioned Convention shall be brought into force by the other signatory Governments, namely, Great Britain, Germany, Belgium, Denmark, and the Netherlands, six weeks after they shall have exchanged the ratifications thereof.

2. The power of adhesion accorded by Article X. of the said Convention for non-signatory States is extended to France.

3. In modification of Article XI. of the Convention the periods of five years and twelve months are respectively reduced to one year and to three months.

4. The present protocol, which shall be ratified at the same tune air the Convention to which it refers, has been drawn np in five copies.

(Stgued) Horace Rumbolo.

, K. de Rantzau.

, Baron d'Ankthan.

, C. M. Vibuly.

, W. Tienhoven.

CHAPTER 18.

An Act to reduce the Limit of the Balance of the Treasury Chest Fund.

[29th June 1893.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follow s:

Brisnce of 1. — (1.) In section one of the Treasury Chest Fund Act, 1877

Treasury Chest (which limits the balance of the Treasury Chest Fund), for the 40 & 4i Vict. words " one million pounds " shall be substituted the words "such c. 45. " sum, not less than seven hundred thousand pounds, and not exceeding one million pounds, as the Treasury by minute laid " before Parliament from time to time direct."

(2.) Whenever any reduction is made in the limit of the said balance, any excess above the reduced limit shall be paid into the Exchequer.

(3.) This section shall have effect as from *the end of the financial year last before the passing of this Act.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Treasury Chest Fund Act, 1893.

1893:

Weights and Measures Act, 1893. Ch. 19, 20. 119

CHAPTER 19.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Weights and Measures.

[29th June 1893.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by an4 with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Where the mayor, aldermen, and burgesses of a borough, not Relief of being a county borough, and not having a separate court of quarter sessions, were, on the first day of January one thousand eight from oontribo-hundred and ninety-three, the legally constituted local authority tiomo county for ilie purposes of the Weights and Measures Acts, 1878 to 1892, exPnBes* or for the execution of the law relating to weights and measures *!. J84Q under any local Act, they shall be paid by the county council of 52 & 53 the county in which the borough is situate, once in every year, the Vict. c. 2t. proportionate amount contributed towards the expenses incurred by the county council in the execution of those Acts by the several 1 parishes and parts of parishes within the borough, such proportion being calculated according to the values stated in the basis for county rates in force for the time beiDg. Provided that when the amount received by a county council from the execution of those Acts is in excess of the expenditure thereupon, a proportionate part of such excess amount shall be deducted from any sum due to such borough as a recoupment under the Contagious Diseases (Aniunds) *

Acts, or the Sale of Food and Drugs Acts respectively.

2. This Act may be cit ed as the Weights and Measures Act, 1893, and shall he read as one with the Weights and Measures Acts, 1878 to 1892.

3. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of April Cominence-one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four. ment

CHAPTER 20.

An Act to extend the Provisions of the Duchy of Cornwall Management Act, 1863, relating to the Powers of Sale and Enfranchisement, and for other purposes.

[29th June 1893.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to remove the limit of time for the exercise of the powers of sale and enfranchisement under section three of the Duchy of Cornwall Management Act, 1863, and 26 & 27 Vict. to extend the powers of investment given by the same Act: 49 *

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and Dy the auth»r:ty of the same, as follows:

Repeal of limit

1. In spction three of the Duchy of Cornwall Management Act, imposed by 1863, the words "within a period of thirty-one years from the 26 & 27 *, ct-

c. 42. for

uxercibe of powers of sale and enfranchisement.

Extension of power of investment.

Short title and construction.

[Short title.]

Voluntary conveyances if bona fide not to be avoided under 27 Eliz. c. 4.

Saving transactions completed before passing of Act.

Definition of conveyance.

Application to Ireland.

Ch. 20, 21. Duchy of Cornwall Management 56 & 57 VICT.

Act, 1893.

passing of this Act " and in section twenty-two of the same Act the words "not exceeding the term of ninety-iine years" are hereby repealed.

2. The power of investment conferred by the Duchy of Cornwall Management Act, 1863, is hereby extended, and shall authorise investments in any of the modes of investment authorised by section three of the Trust Investment Act, 1889, or by any Act amending or extending the same, and shall include power to vary any present or future investment for any investment authorised by this Act.

3. This Act may be cited as the Duchy of Cornwall Management Act, 1893, and shall be construed as one with the Duchy of Cornwall Management Acts, 1863 to 1868, and those Acts and this Act may be cited collectively as the Duchy of Cornwall Management Acts, 1863 to 1893.

CHAPTER 21.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Avoidance of Voluntary Conveyances.

[29th June 1893.]

BE it exacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Voluntary Conveyances Act, 1893.

. 2. Subject as herein-after mentioned no voluntary conveyance of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, whether made before or after the passing of this Act, if in fact made bon& fide and without any fraudulent intent, shall hereafter be deemed fraudulent or covinous within the meaning of the Act twenty-seven Elizabeth, chapter four, by reason of any subsequent purchase for value, or be defeated under any of the provisions of the said Act by a conveyance made upon any such purchase, any rule of law notwithstanding.

3. This Act does not apply in any case in which the author of a voluntary conveyance of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments has subsequent!} ', but before the passing of this Act, disposed of or dealt with the same lands, tenements, or hereditaments to or in favour of a purchaser for value.

4. The expression "conveyance " includes every mode of disposition mentioned or referred to in the said Act of Elizabeth.

5. This Act shall extend to Ireland, and, as applied to Ireland, shall be read and construed as if the Act of the tenth year of Charles the First, session two, chapter three (Ireland), were substituted for the said Act of Elizabeth.

121

Appeal (Fm'rmiPauperis), 1893. Ch. 22, 23.

CHAPTER 22.

An Act to amend the Appellate Jurisdiction Act, 1876, so far as regards Appeals in FormA, Pauperis.

[29th June 1893.]

BE it enacted by the Queen s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Where in an appeal to the House of Lords a petition is Power to presented for leave to sue in formft pauperis, and the House on the ^f^£ortnA report of its Appeal Committee determines that there is no primi paU^ris. 0Mn facie case for the appeal, the House may refuse the prayer of the petition.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Appeal (Forma Pauperis) Act, 1893.

CHAPTER 23.

An Act to provide for prohibiting the Catching of Seals at certain periods in Behring s Sea and other parts of the Pacific Ocean adjacent to Behring's Sea.

[29th June 1893.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to extend the Sea Fishery (Behring's 54 & 55 Vict Sea) Act, 1891, to other waters of the North Pacific Ocean c. 19.

adjacent to Behring's Sea, and for that purpose to repeal and reenact that Act:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) Her Majesty the Queen may, by Order in Council, prohibit during the period specified by the Order, the catching of seals by British ships in such parts of the seas to which this Act applies as are specified by the Order.

(2.) While an Order in Council under this Act is in force —

(a.) a person belonging to a British ship shall not kill, fake, or hunt, or attempt to kill or take, any seal during the period and within the seas specified by the Order; and (6.) a British ship shall not, nor shall any of the equipment or crew thereof, be used or employed in such killing, taking, hunting, or attempt.

(3.) If there is any contravention of this Act, any person committing, procuring, aiding, or abetting such contravention shall be guilty of a misdemeanor within the meaning of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1854, and the ship and her equipment, and everything on board thereof, shall be liable to be forfeited to Her Majesty as if an offence had been committed under section one hundred and three

Power to prohibit by Order in Council the banting of seals in Behring's Sea and adjacent parts of the Pacific Ocean.

17 & 18 Vict c. 104.

122

Ch. 23.

Seal Fishery (North Pacific) Act, 1893. 56 & 57 Vicn

39 & 40 Vict. c. 80.

Provision as to ship'B papers.

Evidence.

of the so id Act, and the provisions of sections one hundred and three and one hundred and four and Part Ten of the said Act, and of section thirty-four of the Merchant Shipping Ant, 1876 (which are set out in the schedule to this Act) shall apply as if they were herein re-enacted, and in terms made applicab'e to »n < ffence and forfeiture under this Act, and any commissioned officer on full pay in the n ival service of Her Majesty the Queen may seize the ship s certificate of legistry.

(4.) Any commissioned officer on full pav in the na.val service of Her Majesty the Queen shall have power, during the period and in the sea specified by the Order, to stop and examine any British ship, and to detain her. or any portion of her equipment, or any of-her crew, if in his judgment the ship is being or is preparing to be used or employed in contravention of this Act.

(5.) For carrying into effect an arrangement with any foreign State, an Order in Council under this Act tnav provide that such officers of that State as are specified in the Order may exercise the like powers under this Act as may be exercised by such a commissioned officer as aforesaid in relation to a British ship, and the equipment and crew and certificate thereof, and tliaf such British officers as are specified in the Order may exercise, with the necessary modifications, the powers conferred by this Act in relation to a ship of the said foreign State, and the equipment and crew and papers thereof.

(6.) If during the period and within the seas specified by the Order a British ship is found having on board (hereof fishing or shooting implements or seal skins or bodies of seals, it shall lie on the owner or master of such ship to prove that the ship was not used or employed in contravention of this Act.

2. — (1.) Where an officer has power under this Act to seize a ship's certificate of registry, he may either retain the certificate and give a provisional certificate in lieu thereof, or return the certificate with an indorsement of the grounds on which it was seized, and in either case may direct the ship, by an addition to the provisional certificate or to the indorsement, to proceed forthwith to a specified poit, being a port where there is a British court having authority to adjudicate in the matter, and if this direction is not complied with, the owner and master of the ship shall, without prejudice to any other liability, each be liable to a fine not exceeding one hundred pdunds.

(2.) Where in pursuance of this section a provisional certificate is given to a ship, or the ship's certificate is indorsed, any officer of customs in His Majesty's dominions or British consular officer may detain the ship until satisfactory security is given for her appearance in any legal proceedings which may be taken against her in pursuance of this Act.

3. — (1.) A statement in writing, purporting to be signed by an officer having power in pursuance of this Act to stop and examine a ship, as to the circumstances under which or grounds on which he stopped and examined the ship, shall be admissible in any proceedings, civil or criminal, as evidence of the facts or matters therein stated.

Seal Fishery (North Pacific) Act, 1893. Ch. .23.

128

(2.) If evidence contained in any such statement was taken on oath in the presence of the person charged in the evidence, and that person had an opportunity of cross-examining the person 'giving the evidence and of making his reply to the evidence, the officer making the statement may certify that the evidence was so taken and that there was such opportunity as aforesaid.

4. — (1.) Her Majesty the Queen in Council may make, revoke, and alter Orders for the purpose of this Act, and every such order shall be forthwith laid before both Houses of Parliament and published in the London Gazette.

(2.) Any such Order may contain any limitations, conditions, qualifications, and exceptions which appear to Her Majesty in Council expedient for carrying into effect the object of this Act

5. — (1.) This Act shall apply to the animal known as the fur seal, and to any marine animal specified in that behalf by an Order in Council under this Act, and the expression "seal " in this Act shall be construed accordingly.

(2.) This Act shall apply to the seas within that part of the Pacific Ocean known as Behring's Sea and within such other parts of the Pacific Ocean as are north of the forty-second parallel, of north latitude.

(3.) The expression "equipment " in this Act includes any. boat, tackle, fishing or shooting instruments, and other things belonging to a, ship.

(A) This Act may be cited as the Seal Fishery (North; Pacific) Act, 189a

(5.) The Seal Fishery (Behring's Sea) Act, 1891, is hereby repealed, but any Order in Council in force under that Act shall continue as if it had been made in pursuance of this Act.

(6.) This Act shall be and remain in force until the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and ninety-five.

SCHEDULE.

ENACTMENTS OF MERCHANT SHIPPING ACT (17 & 18 Vict. c. 104.) APPLIED.

Section 103.

And in order that the above provisions as to forfeitures may be carried into effect, it shall be lawful lor any commissioned officer ou full pay in the military or naval service of Her Majesty, or any British officer of Customs, or any British Consular officer, to seize and detain any ship which has, either wholly or as to any share therein, become subject to forfeiture as aforesaid, and to bring her for adjudication before the High Court of Admiralty in England or Ireland, or any court having Admiralty jurisdiction in Her Majesty's dominions; and such court may thereupon make such order in the case as it may think fit, and may award to the officer bringing m the same for adjudication such portion of the proceeds of the sale of any forfeited ship or share as it may think right.

Section 104.

No such officer as aforesaid shall be responsible, either civilly or criminally, to any person whomsoever, in respect of the seizure or detention of any ship

Orders in Council.

Application, construction, short title, and duration of Act.

54 & 55 Yi&

c. 19.

Officer not liable for aiy

seizure made on reasonable grounds.

Application.

Application of Part X. of the Act.

Legal

Procedure

(General).

Punishment of offences, and recovery of penalties.

Geo. 4. c. 64.

Ch. 23. Seal Fishery (North Pacific) Act, 1893. 50 & 57 Vict.

that has been seized or detained by him in pursuance of the provisions herein contained, notwithstanding that such ship is not brought in for adjudication, or, if so brought in, is declared not to be liable to forfeiture, if it is shown to the satisfaction of the judge nr court before whom any trial relating to such ship or such seizure or detention is held that there were reasonable grounds for such seizure or detention; but if no such grounds are shown, such judge or court may award payment of costs and damages to any party aggrieved, and make such other order in the premises as it thinks just.

PART X. — LEGAL PROCEDURE.

Application.

Section 517.

The Tenth Part of this Act shall in all cases where no particular country is mentioned, apply to the whole of Her Majesty's dominions.

Legal Procedure (General).

Section 518.

In all places within Her Majesty's dominions, except Scotland, the offences herein-after mentioned shall be punished and penalties recovered in manner following; (that is to say,)

(1.) Every offence by this Act declared to be a misdemeanor shall be punishable by fine or imprisonment with or without hard labour, and the court before which such offence is tried may in England make the same allowances and order payment of the same costs and expenses as if such misdemeanor had been enumerated in the Act passed in the seventh year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, chapter sixty-four, or any other Act that may be passed for the like purpose, and may in any other part of Her Majesty's dominions make such allowances and order payment of such costs and expenses (if any) as are payable or allowable upon the trial of any misdemeanor under any existing Act or Ordinance or as may be payable or allowable under any Act or law for the time being in force therein;

(2.) Every offence declared by thi9 Act to be a misdemeanor shall also be deemed to be an offence hereby made punishable by imprisonment for any period not exceeding six months, with or without hard labour, or by a penalty not exceeding one hundred pounds, and may be prosecuted accordingly in a summary manner, instead of being prosecuted as a misdemeanor:

(3.) Every offence hereby made punishable by imprisonment for any period not exceeding six months, with or without hard labour, or by any penalty not exceeding one hundred pounds, shall in England and Ireland be prosecuted summarily before any two or more justices, as to England in the manner directed by the Act of the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, chapter forty-three, and as to Ireland in the manner directed by the Act of the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, chapter ninety-three, or in such other manner as may be directed by any Act or Acts that may be passed for like purposes: And all provisions contained in the said Acts shall be applicable to such prosecutions in the same manner as if the offences in respect of which the same are instituted were hereby stated to be offences in respect of which two or more justices have power to convict summarily or to make a summary order:

(4.) In all cases of summary convictions in England, where the sum adjudged to be paid exceeds five pounds, or the period of imprisonment adjudged exceeds one month, any person who thinks himself aggrieved

1893. Seal Fishery (North Pacific), 1893. Ch. 23. 125

by such conviction may appeal to the next court of general or quarter sessions:

(5.) All offences under this Act shall in any British possession be punishable in any court or by any justice of the peace or magistrate in which or by whom offences of a like character are ordinarily punishable, or in such other manner, or by such other courts, justices, or magistrates, as may from time to time be determined by any Act or Ordinance duly made in such possession in such manner as Acts and Ordinances in such possession are required to be made in order to have the force of law.

Section 519.

Any stipendiary magistrate shall have full power to do alone whatever Stipendiary

two justices of the peace are by this Act authorised to do. magistrate to

* have same

power as two

Section 520. justices.

For the purpose of giving jurisdiction under this Act, every offence shall Offence where be deemed to have been committed, and every cause of complaint to have deemed to arisen, either in the place in which the same actually was committed or arose, or in any place in which the offender or person complained against comnu may be.

Section 521.

In all cases where any district within which any court or justice of the Jurisdiction peace or other magistrate has jurisdiction, either under this Act or under j>v.er sb*P9 any other Act or at common law, for any purpose whatever, is situate on the coast of any sea, or abutting on or projecting into any bay, channel, coa* lake, river, or other navigable water, every such court, justice of the peace, or magistrate shall have jurisdiction over any ship or boat being on or lying or passing off such coast, or being in or near such bay, channel, lake, river, or navigable water as aforesaid, and over all persons on board such ship or boat or for the time being belonging thereto, in the same manner as if such ship, boat, or persons were within the limits of the original jurisdiction of such court, justice, or magistrate.

Section 522.

Service of any summons or other matter in any legal proceeding under Service to be this Act shall be good service, if made personally on the person to be g°°d if made served, or at his last place of abode, or if made by leaving such summons r

for him on board any ship to which he may belong with the person being on "oa ""P or appearing to be in command or charge of such ship.

Section 523.

In all cases where any court, justice or justices of the peace, or other Sums ordered magistrate, has or have power to make an order directing payment to be 40 b P"d made of any seaman's wages, penalties, or other sums of money, then, if the party so directed to pay the same is the master or owner of a ship, and By_ 8 011 the same is not paid at the time and in manner prescribed in the order, the court, justice or justices, or other magistrate, who made the order, may, in addition to any other powers they or he may have for the purpose of compelling payment, direct the amount remaining unpaid to be levied by distress or poinding and sale of the said ship, her tackle, furniture, and apparel.

, 126

Cfe. 23.

Seal Fishery (Norik Pacific), 1893. 56 & 57 Vict.

Section 524.

Application of penalties.

Limitation of time in summary proceed- No conviction for any ofence shall be made tinder this Act in any

in~S‘ siimmary proceeding instituted in the United Kingdom, unless such

proceeding is commenced within six months after the commission of the offence; or, if both or either of the parties to such proceeding happen during such time to be out of the United Kingdom, unless the same is commenced within two months after they both first happen to arrive or to be at one time within the same:

(2.) No conviction for any offence shall be made under this Act in any ' proceeding instituted in any British possession, unless such proceeding ‘ is comtfcenced within six months after the commission of the offence; or if both or either of the parties to the proceeding happen during such time not to be within the jurisdiction of any court capable of 1 dealing with the case, unless the same is commenced within two, months after they both first happen to arrive or to be at one time within, such jurisdiction:

(3.) No order for the payment of money shall be made under this Act in any summary proceeding instituted in the United Kingdom, unless ‘such proceeding is commenced within six months after the cause of complaint arises: or, if both or either of the parties happen during such time to be out of the United Kingdom, unless the same is commenced within six months after they both first happen to arrive or to be at one time within the same: i i*4.) No order for the payment of money shall be made under this Act in-any summary proceeding instituted in any British possession,

, unless such proceeding is commenced within six months after the cause of compla nt arises; or, if both or either of the parties to the proceeding happen during such time not to be within the jurisdiction of any court capable of dealing with the case, unless the same is commenced within six months after they both first happeu to arrive or be at one lime within such jurisdiction:

And no provision contained in any other Act or Acts, Ordinance or Ordinances for limiting the time within which summary proceedings may be instituted shall affect any summary proceeding under this Act.

Section 526.

Document Any document required by this Act to be executed in the presence of or

proved without to be attested by any witness or witnesses, may be proved by the evidence calling attest- of any person who is able to bear witness to the requisite facts, without mg witness. calling the attesting witness or witnesses or any o^j^e^Q

Any court, justice, or magistrate imposing any penalty under this Act, for which no specific application is herein provided, may, if it or he thinks fit, direct the whole or any part thereof to be applied in compensating any person for any wrong or damage which he may have sustained by the act or default in respect of which such penalty is imposed, or to he applied in or towards payment of the expenses of the proceedings; and, subject to such directions or specific application as aforesaid, all penalties recovered in the United Kingdom shall be paid into the receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer in such manner as the Treasury may direct, and shall be carried to and form part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom; and all penalties recovered in any British possession shall be paid over into the public- treasury of such possession, and form part of the public revenue thereof.

Section 525.

The time for instituting summary proceedings under this Act shall be limited as follows: (that is to sa N

Seal Fishery (North Pacific) Act, 1893. Ch. 23.

127

Section 527.

Whenever any injury has, in any part of the world, been caused to any Power of judge property belonging to Her Majesty or to any of Her Majesty's subjects by of court of any foreign ship, if at any time thereafter such ship is found in any port or to

river of the United Kingdom or within three miles of the const thereof, it arregt foreign shall be lawful for the judge of any court of record in the United Kingdom ship that has or for the judge of the High Court of Admiralty, or in Scotland the Court occasioned of Session, or the sheriff of the county within whose jurisdiction such ship damage, may be, upon its being shown to him by any person applying summarily that such injury was probably caused by the misconduct or want of skill of the master or mariners of such ship, to issue an order directed to any officer of Customs or other officer named by such judge, requiring him to detain such ship until such time as the owner, muster, or consignee th reof has made satisfaction in respect of such injury, or has given security, to be approved by the judge, to abide the event of any action, suit, or other legal proceed* ing that may be instituted in respect of such injury, and to pay all costs and damages that may be awarded thereon; and any officer of Customs or other officer to whom such order is directed shall detain such ship accordingly.

In any case where it appears that before any application can be made Power in eer. under the foregoing section such foreign ship will have departed beyond the J* as to limits therein mentioned, it shall be lawful for any commissioned officer on a Pjiet

full pay in the military or naval service of Her Majesty, or any British tionmadeVo* officer of Customs, or any British consular officer, to detain such ship until judge, such time as will allow such application to be made and the result thereof to be communirated to him; and no such officer shall be liable for any costs or damages in respect of such detention unless the same is proved to have been made without reasonable grounds.

In any action, suit, or other proceeding in relation to such injury, the Who to be

In Scotland every offence which by this Act is described as a felony or Offences misdemeanor may be prosecuted by indictment or criminal letters at the P"n‘shable as instance of Her Majesty's Advocate before the High Court of Justiciary, or mi8(*emeRnoi>' by criminal libel at the instance of the procurator fiscal of the county before the sheriff, and shall lie punishable with fine and with impi isoniuent, with or without hant labour in default of peymentjtor with imprisonment, with or without hard labour, or with both, as the court may think fit, or in the case of felony with penal servitude, where the court is competent thereto: and such court may also, if it think fit, order payment by the offender of the costs and expenses of the prosecution.

In Scotland, all prosecutions, complaints, actions, or proceedings under Summary pro-

Section 528.

Section 529.

person so giving security as aforesaid shall be made defendant or defender, defendant to and shall be stated to be the owner of the ship that has occasioned such 8Uch

damage; and the production of the order of the judge made in relation to such security shall be conclusive evidence of the liability of such defendant or defender to such action, suit, or other proceeding.

suit in such cases.

Legal Procedure (Scotland). Section 530.

Legal

Procedure

(Scotland).

Section 531.

J28

Ch. 23.

Seal Fishery (North Pacific) Act, 1893. 56 & 57 Vict.

Form of complaint.

Mode of requiring appearance of defender and witnesses.

Backing arrestments.

Compelling attendance of witnesses.

brought in a summary form before the sheriff of the county, or before any two justices of the peace of the county or burgh where the cause of such prosecution or action arises, or where the offender or defender may be for the time, and when of a criminal nature or for penalties, at the instance of the procurator fiscal of court, or at the instance of any party aggrieved, with concurrence of the procurator fiscal of court; and the court may, if it think fit, order payment by the offender or defender of the costs of the prosecution or action.

Section 532.

In Scotland all prosecutions, complaints, actions, or other proceedings under this Act may be brought either in a written or printed form, or partly written and partly printed, and where such proceedings are brought in a summary form it shall not be necessary in the complaint to recite or set forth the clause or clauses of the Act on which such proceeding is founded, but it shall be sufficient to specify or refer to such clause or clauses, and to set forth shortly the cause of complaint or action, snd the remedy sought; and when such complaint or action is brought in whole or in part for the enforcement of a pecuniary debt or demand, the complaint may contain a prayer for warrant to arrest upon the dependence.

Section 533.

In Scotland, on any complaint or other proceeding brought in a summary form under this Act being presented to the sheriff clerk or clerk of the peace, he shall grant warrant to cite the defender to appear personally before the said sheriff or justices of the peace on a day fixed, and at the same time shall appoint a copy of the same to be delivered to him by a sheriff officer or constable, as the case may be, along with the citation; and such deliverance shall also contain a warrant for citing witnesses and havers to compear at the same time and place to give evidence and produce such writs as may be specified in their citation; and where such warrant has been prayed for in the complaint or other proceeding, the deliverance of the sheriff clerk or clerk of the peace shall also contain warrant to arrest upon the dependence in common form: Prodded always, that where the apprehension of any party, with or without a warrant, is authorised by this Act, such party may be detained in custody until he can be brought at the earliest opportunity before any two justices, or the sheriff who may have jurisdiction in the place, to be dealt with as this Act directs, and no citation or inducise shall in such case be necessary.

Section 534.

When it becomes necessary to execute such arrestment on the dependence against goods or effects of the defender within Scotland, but not locally situated within the jurisdiction of the sheriff or justices of the peace by whom the warrant to arrest has been granted, it shall be competent to carry the warrant into execution on its being indorsed by the sheriff clerk or clerk of the peace of the county or burgh respectively within which such warrant comes to be executed.

Section 535.

In all proceedings under this Act in Scotland the sheriff or justices of the peace shall have the same power of compelling attendance of witnesses and havers as in cases falling under their ordinary jurisdiction.

° XLrOOVIC

Seal Fishery (North Pacific) Act, 1893. Ch. 23.

129

Section 536.

The whole procedure in cases brought in a summary form before the sheriff or justices of the peace in Scotland shall be conducted viva voce, without written pleadings, and without taking down the evidence in writing, and no record shall be kept of the proceedings other than the complaint, and the sentence or decree pronounced thereon.

Section 537.

It shall be in the power of the sheriff or justices of the peace in Scotland to adjourn the proceedings from time to time to any day or days to be fixed by them, in the event of absence of witnesses or of any other cause which shall appear to them to render such adjournment necessary.

Section 538.

In Scotland all sentences and decrees to be pronounced by the sheriff or justices of the pence upon such summary complaints shall be in writing; and where there is a decree for payment of any sum or sums of money against a defender, such decree shall contain warrant for arrestment, poinding, and imprisonment in default of payment, such arrestment, poinding, or imprisonment to be carried into effect by sheriffs officers or constables, as the case may be, in the same manner as in cases arising under the ordinary jurisdiction in the sheriff or justices:Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be taken or construed to repeal or affect an Act of the fifth and sixth years of William the Fourth, intituled "An " Act for abolishing, in Scotland, imprisonment for civil debts of small " amount."

Section 539.

In all summary complaints and proceedings for recovery of auy penalty or sum of money in Scotland, if a defender who has beeu duly cited shall not appear at the time and place required by the citation, he shall be held as confessed, and sentence or decree shall be pronounced against him in terms of the complaint, with such costs and expenses as to the court shall seem fit: Provided always, that he shall be entitled to obtain himself reponed against any such decree at any time before the same be fully implemented, by lodging with the clerk of court a reponing note, and consigning in his hands the sum decerned for, and the costs which had been awarded by the court, and on the same day delivering cr transmitting through the post to the pursuer or his agent a copy of such reponing note; and a certificate by the clerk of court of such note having been lodged shall operate as a sist of diligence till the cause shall have been reheard and finally disposed of, which shall be on the next sitting of the court, or on any day to which the court shall then adjourn it.

Section 540.

In all summary complaints or other proceedings not brought for the recovery of any penalty or sum of money in Scotland, if a defender, being duly cited, shall fail to appear, the sheriff or justices may grant warrant to apprehend and bring him before the court.

Section 541.

%. In nil cases where sentences or decrees of the sheriff or justices require to be enforced within Scotland, but beyond the jurisdiction of the sheriff or justices by whom such sentences or decrees have been pronounced, it shall

j

Proceedings to he vivft voce.

Power to adjourn.

Sentence to be in writing.

Imprisonment to be inflicted in default of payment.

5 & 6 \\\ 4. c. 70.

Sentence and penalties iu default of defender's appearance.

Warrant to apprehend in default of appearance.

Backing sentences or

decrees.

r

130

Ch. 23.

Seal Fishery (North Pacific), 1893. 56 & 57 Vict.

Orders not to be quashed for want of form; and to be final.

General rales, so far as applicable, to extend to penalties and proceedings in Scotland.

Enforcing detention of ship.

be competent to carry the same into execution upon the same being indorsed by the sheriff clerk or clerk of the peace of the county or burgh within which such execution is to take place.

Section 542.

No order, decree, or sentence pronounced by any sheriff or justice of the peace in Scotland under the authority of this Act shall be quashed or vacated for any misnomer, informality, or defect of form; and all orders, decrees, and sentences so pronounced shall be final and conclusive, and not subject to suspension, advocation, reduction, or to any form of review or stay of execution, except on the ground of corruption or malice on the part of the sheriff or justices, in which case the suspension, advocation, or reduction must be brought within fourteen days of the date of the order, decree, or sentence complained of: Provided always, that no stay of execution shall be competent to the effect of preventing immediate execution of such Order, decree, or sentence.

Section 543.

Such of the general provisions with respect to jurisdiction, procedure and penalties contained in this Act as are not inconsistent with the special rules herein-before laid down for the conduct of legal proceedings and the recovery of penalties in Scotland, shall, so far as the same are applicable, extend to such last-mentioned proceedings and penalties:Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall be held in any way to annul or restrict the common law of Scotland with regard to the prosecution or punishment of offences at the instance or by the direction of the Lord Advocate, or the rights of owners or creditors in regard to enforcing a judicial sale of any ship and tackle, or to give to the High Court of Admiralty of England any jurisdiction in respect of salvage in Scotland which it has not heretofore had or exercised.

ENACTMENT OF MERCHANT SHIPPING ACT, 1876 (39 & 40 Vict. c. 80), APPLIED.

Section 34.

Where under the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1854 to 1876, or any of them, a ship is authorised or ordered to be detained, any commissioned officer on full pay in the naval or military service of Her Majesty, or any officer of the Board of Trade or Customs, or any British consular officer may detain the ship, and if the ship after such detention or after service on the master of any notice of or order for such detention proceeds to sea before it is released by competent authority, the master of the ship, and also the owner, and any person who sends the ship to sea, if such owner or person be party or privy to the offence, shall forfeit and pay to Her Majesty a penalty not exceeding one hundred pounds.

Where a ship so proceeding to sea takes to sea when on board thereof in the execution of his duty any officer authorised to detain the ship, or any surveyor or officer of the Board of Trade or Customs, the owner and master of the ship shall each be ‘ liable to pay all expenses of and incidental to the officer or surveyor being so taken to sea, and also a penalty not exceeding

Seed Fishery (North Pacific) Act, 1893. Ch. 23-25.

131

one hundred pounds, or, if the offence is not prosecuted in a summary manner, not exceeding ten pounds for every day until the officer or surveyor returns, or until such time as would enable him after leaving the ship to return to the port from which he is taken, and such expenses may be recovered in like manner as the penalty.

CHAPTER 24.

An Act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans, [29th June 1893.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) For the purpose of local loans there may be issued by Grants for the National Debt Commissioners the following sums: — public works.

(a.) For the purpose of loans by the Public Works Loans Commissioners any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds.

(h.) For the purpose of loans by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of eight hundred thousand pounds.

(2.) The sums so issued shall be issued during a period ending on the day on which a further Act granting moneys for the purposes of those loans comes into operation and in accordance with the provisions of the National Debt and Local Loans Act, 50 51 v, ct 1887. c. 16.

2. This Act may be cited as the Public Works Loans Act, 1893. Short title *

CHAPTER 25.

An Act to amend the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892.

[27th July 1893.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, Short title 1893, and shall apply to Scotland only. It shall be read and and construed along with the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892 (herein- Btructlou' after called " the said Act").

2. The provisions of the second and third sub-sections of the Modifications ninth section of the said Act are hereby repealed, and the fourth of 55 & 56 sub-section thereof shall read as if the words "the boundaries v, ct' °*55, *9 of a populous place are defined, " were substituted for the words

132

Ch. 25.

Baiyh Police (Gotland) Act, 1893. 50 & 57 Vict.

Meeting of householders to be convened to consider adoption of Act.

Calling and intimation of meeting.

Power of meeting to adopt the Act or to decline to adopt it.

Poll to be taken by ballot.

" a populous place is declared to be a burgh, " and in lieu of the repealed sub-sections the following provisions shall have effect:—

(1.) Where upon an application to any sheriff or sheriffs the boundaries of a populous place have been defined as provided in the said Act, the sheriff or sheriffs shall thereupon, but only upon the requisition of any seven or more householders, accompanied, if the sheriff or sheriffs shall so require, with a satisfactory undertaking to pay the expenses after mentioned, convene a meeting of householders for the purpose of considering whether the provisions of the said Act shall be adopted anti carried into execution, and such populous place declared to be a burgh.

The expression "householders " shall have the same meaning as in the said Act, and it shall be the duty of the county assessor or assessors under the Valuation Acts, within fourteen days of an application or applications to that effect, to furnish t to the sheriff or sheriffs for the purposes of this Act, a certified copy or list of the names and designations of all householders within the area on payment of a fee of not more than one shilling for each hundred names; and such copy or list shall be sufficient proof of the qualification of the householders named therein.

(2.) The meeting shall be held not less than twenty-one days nor more than thirty days after the day on which the sheriff receives the requisition in question, and such meeting and the purpose thereof shall be duly advertised in some newspaper circulating in such populous place, and by posting handbills in the form of Schedule (A.) hereunto annexed, at least three days before such meeting. The meeting shall be held in such convenient place as the sheriff or sheriffs shall assign, and one of them shall attend and preside at such meeting, and shall appoint a clerk thereat, who shall take a minute of the proceedings.

(3.) The meeting may determine whether the said Act shall be adopted and carried into execution, or shall appoint a committee of their own number, not exceeding nine, to inquire and report to a future meeting to be held on such day as shall be appointed, and such future meeting shall, upon a report of such committee, proceed in all respects in the manner herein directed for such first meeting. The sheriff shall ascertain the determination of such meeting by a show of hands, or in such other manner as shall appear to him expedient and in the case of an equality of votes, shall have a casting vote. Such determination shall be final unless a poll of householders shall be then demanded in writing by any seven persons present and qualified to vote at such meeting.

(4.) In the event of a poll being demanded, the sheriff shall direct it to proceed at such polling place or places, and on such day as he shall fix, not more than seven days from the date of such demand, between the hours of eight in the morning and eight in the afternoon. The sheriff shall act as returning officer, and shall appoint the necessary presiding officers

Buryk Police (Scotland) Act, 1893. Ch. 25.

133

and poll clerks, and shall have poll or ballot books prepared in the form of Schedule (B.) hereunto annexed. The voting shall be by ballot, subject to such regulations as may be issued by the Secretary for Scotland, and no one shall be entitled to vote whose name is not upon the copy or list of householders furnished by the assessor as aforesaid.

(5.) As soon after the close of the poll as may be, the Declaration presiding officer or officers shall seal up the ballot boxes of P"11, and transmit them to the sheriff, who shall publicly declare the result of the poll to the adjourned meeting; and such declaration shall be final, unless any householder then present shall then and there demand a scrutiny, and on such householder finding caution or security to the satisfaction of the sheriff for the reimbursement of the expenses attending the same, such scrutiny shall be made by such sheriff in such way and manner as he may deem proper, and shall be reported to another adjourned meeting to be held within three days, and the result of such scrutiny shall be final, and the person demanding such scrutiny shall be liable in the expenses thereof.

(6.) Any resolution to adopt the provisions of the said Act shall Majority be effectual if it be carried by a majority of the persons ^°ct

qualified and voting as aforesaid, and the sheriff shall thereupon find and declare, as the case may be, either that the said Act has or has not been adopted, and in the event of the said Act being adopted he shall further find and declare that such' populous place is a burgh, and shall forthwith cause such finding and declaration to be recorded in the sheriff court books of the county. Such finding and declaration shall be forthwith reported to the Secretary for Scotland.

(7.) The provisions of the forty-seventh section of the said Act shall apply to all proceedings under this Act.

3. In case of the adoption of the said Act all the expenses Expenses incurred in connection therewith shall, subject to such audit as atte"dio8 the sheriff shall prescribe, be defrayed out of the burgh general mee , D, ?' assessment; but in case the provisions of the said Act shall not be adopted, then the whole expenses shall be defrayed by the persons signing the application in that behalf and the party who shall have disbursed such expenses is hereby authorised to recover these in

a summary way before the sheriff *, whose determination shall lx? final.

4. Where a poll is directed to be taken under the three- Extension hundred-and-sixth section of the said Act the above enact-of Act* ments and procedure shall, so far as applicable, extend and

apply to such poll.

Ch. 25, 26. Burgh Police (Scotla Act, 1893. 56 & 57 VICT.

SCHEDULES.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Notice is hereby given, that in virtue of the powers contained in an Act passed in the year of the reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled " An Act [specify this Act], " the householders within the boundaries following, viz. [repeat them as in the recorded deliverance of the sheriff] are hereby required to meet upon the

day of next, at

of the clock, within, for the purpose of considering

whether the provisions of the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, shall be adopted and carried into execution, and the populous place declared to be a burgh.

Dated at, the day of 18 .

Signed,

Sheriff.

SCHEDULE (B.)

Form of Poll or Ballot Paper.

Counterfoil.

Adopt, or not, the provisions of Act. The Voter shall answer " Yes " or " No."

The number will correspond with that on the back of the poll or ballot paper.

CHAPTER 26.

An Act to explain and amend certain Provisions of the Prison Act, 1877, with respect to the Superannuation of Prison Officers.

[27th July 1893.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Explanation of " existing officer, " and prison service" in 40 & 41 Vict. c. 21.

1. For the purposes of superannuation allowance the expression "existing officer of a prison " in the Prison Act, 1877, shall include and be deemed to have included any person who immediately before the commencement of that Act was an officer attached to a prison, and was appointed to hold, in immediate succession to his office, any of the offices mentioned in sections six and seven of that Act, and a superannuation allowance may be granted to any existing officer of a prison on the like conditions as if he had remained an officer of a local prison; and the expression "prison service " shall

1893. Prison (Officers' Sv^perannimtion), 1893. Ch. 26, 27.

135

include and be deemed to have included, as respects the period after the commencement of that Act, service in any one or more of the offices mentioned in sections six and seven of that Act:

Provided that nothing in this Act shall exempt any such person from the operation of any Order in Council as to compulsory retirement of permanent civil servants.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Prison (Officers' Superannuation) Act, 1893, and shall be read with the Prison Acts, 1865 to 1886.

CHAPTER 27.

An Act to appoint additional Commissioners for executing the Acts for granting a Land Tax and other Bates and Taxes.

[27th July 1893.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the seventh and eighth years 7 & 8 G. 4.

of the reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled c. 75.

" An Act to appoint Commissioners for carrying into execution " several Acts granting an aid to His Majesty by a land tax to be " raised in Great Britain, and continuing to His Majesty certain " duties on personal estates, offices, and pensions in England

And whereas several Acts have since been passed appointing additional Commissioners for carrying those Acts into execution:

And whereas it is expedient to appoint additional persons to put into execution the several Acts for granting an aid to Her Majesty by a land tax in Great Britain, and several other Acts for continuing or granting to Her Majesty rates and taxes:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1, The several and respective persons named in a schedule signed Persons named by and deposited with the Clerk of the House of Commons shall JL^byCierk and may be and are hereby empowered and authorised (being duly of House of qualified) to put in execution the said Acts, and all the clauses. Commons to powers, matters, and things whatsoever therein contained, as Com- <J£^g_onal missioners in and for the several and respective counties, shires, sionere. and places in England and Wales in the said schedule severally and respectively mentioned and expressed, as fully and effectually as if they had been named with the other Commissioners in the said recited Act passed in the seventh and eighth years of the reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth; and on the passing of this Act the said schedule shall be printed in the London Gazette, which shall be sufficient evidence of such schedule for all purposes whatsoever.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Land Tax Commissioners Names Act, 1893.

i

Issue of 5, 834,000l. out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the year ending 31st March 1894.

Power to the Treasury to borrow.

[Short title.]

Ch. 23, 29. Consolidated Fund (No. 3) Act, 1893. 56 & 57 Vict.

CHAPTER 28.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four.

[27th July 1893.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time being may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four the sum of five million eight hundred and thirty-four thousand pounds.

2. The Commissioners of the Treasury may borrow from time to time on the credit of the said sum any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of five million eight hundred and thirty-four thousand pounds, and shall repay the moneys so borrowed with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any sums so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

3. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 3) Act, 1893.

Schedule of hours of

CHAPTER 29.

An Act to amend the Law with respect to the Hours of Labour of Railway Servants.

[27th July 1893.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) If it is represented to the Board of Trade, by or on behalf of the servants, or any class of the servants, of a railway

ms.

Railway Regulation Act, 1893. Ch. *29.

137

company, that the hours of labour of those servants, or of that class, or, in any special case, of any particular servants engaged in working the traffic, on any part of the lines of the company, are excessive, or do not provide sufficient intervals of uninterrupted rest between the periods of duty, or sufficient relief in respect of Sunday duty, the Board of Trade shall inquire into the representation.

(2.) If it appears to the Board of Trade, either on such representation or otherwise, that there is, in the case of any railway company, reasonable ground of complaint with respect to any of the matters aforesaid, the Board of Trade shall order the company to submit to them within a period specified by the Board such a schedule of time for the duty of the servants, or of any class of the servants, of the company, as will in the opinion of the Board bring the actual hours of work within reasonable limits, regard being had to all the circumstances of the traffic and to the nature of the work.

(3.) If a railway company fail to comply with any such order, or to enforce the provisions of any schedule submitted to the Board in pursuance of any such order and approved by the Board, the Board may refer the matter to the Railway and Canal Commission, and thereupon the Railway and Canal Commission shall have jurisdiction in the matter, and the Board may appear in support of tho reference and the Commissioners may make an order requiring the railway company to submit to the Commission, within a period specified by the Commission, such a schedule as will, in the opinion of the Commission, bring the actual hours of work within reasonable limits.

(4.) If a railway company fail to comply with any order made by the Railway and Canal Commission in pursuance of this section, or to enforce the provisions of any schedule submitted to the Railway and Canal Commission in pursuance of any such order, and approved by that Commission, the company shall be liable to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds for every day during which the default continues.

(5.) The Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, shall apply in the case of any jurisdiction exercised or order made by the Railway and Canal Commission under this Act as if it were exercised or made under or for the purposes of that Act: Provided that notwithstanding anything iu section five of that Act the jurisdiction of the Commission for the purposes of this Act may be exercised by the two appointed Commissioners.

(6.) The Board of Trade and the Railway and Canal Commission respectively may from time to time rescind or vary any order made by them under this section, and make such supplemental orders as the circumstances of the case may appear to require.

(7.) This Act shall not apply to any servant of a milway company who is in the opinion of the Board of Trade wholly employed either in clerical work or in the company's workshops.

labour of

railway

servants.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 25.

138 Ch. 29, 30, 31. Railway Regulation , 1893. 56 & 57 Vict.

Annual 2. A report of all proceedings under this Act shall be made

Parliament annually to Parliament by the Board of Trade.

[Short title.]

3. This Act may be cited as the Railway Regulation Act, 1893, and shall be read with the Railway Regulation Acts, 1840 to 1889.

CHAPTER 30.

An Act to amend the Friendly Societies Act, 1875.

[27th July 1893.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Friendly Societies Act, 1893, and shall be construed as one with the Friendly Societies Act, 38 & 39 Vict. 1875, herein-after called the principal Act, and the Acts amending c- 60* the same, and those Acts and this Act may be cited together,

collectively, as the Friendly Societies Acts, 1875 to 1893.

Court or 2. Notwithstanding anything contained in the Arbitration Act,

to^com'elled or *n other Act, the court, the chief or other registrar,

to state special or any arbitrator or umpire to whom a dispute is referred in pursuance of section twenty-two of the principal Act, shall not lje 5*2 & 53 Vict. compelled to state a special case on any question of law arising in c< , <J‘ the case, but the court, the chief or other registrar, may do so on the request of either party as provided in section twenty-two, subsection (e.) of the principal Act.

CHAPTER 31.

Explanation of 39 & 40 Vict. c. 75. s. 3 as to drainage into streams.

An Act to explain the Rivers Pollution Prevention Act, 1876.

[27th July 1893.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Where any sewage matter falls or flows or is carried into any stream after passing through or along a channel which is vested in a sanitary authority, the sanitary authority shall, for the purposes of section three of the Rivers Pollution Prevention Act, 1876, be deemed to knowingly permit the sewage matter so to fall, flow, or be carried.

Construction 2. This Act shall be construed as one with the Rivers Pollution and short title. Prevention Act, 1876; and the Rivers Pollution Prevention Act, 1876, and this Act may be cited for all purposes as the Rivers Pollution Prevention Acts, 1876 and 1893.

1893.

Barbed Wire Act, 1893. Ch. 32.

139

CHAPTER 32.

An Act to prevent the use of Barbed Wire for Fences in Roads, Streets, Lanes, and other Thoroughfares.

[27th July 1893.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Barbed Wire Act, 1893.

2. In this Act — . Interpretation,

The expression "barbed wire" means any wire with spikes or jagged projections; and the expression "nuisance to a highway, " as applied to barbed wire, means barbed wire which may probably be injurious to persons or animals lawfully using such highway:

In England and Wales the expression "local authority" means any county council, any urban sanitary authority, any sanitary authority in London, any highway board, and any other local authorities existing, or that may be hereafter created by Parliament, having control over highways:

In Scotland the expression "local authority" means the burgh local authority within the meaning of the Roads and Bridges (Scotland) Act, 1878, the county council, or a district com- 41 & 42 Vict. mittee thereof; and the expression "court of summary c*51* jurisdiction," means the sheriff or sheriff substitute:

In Ireland the expression "local authority" means the county surveyor, or the city engineer, or the borough surveyor, as the case may be, or some person duly appointed to act for any such surveyor or engineer.

3. — (1.) Where there is on any land adjoining a highway within Removal of the county or district of a local authority a fence made with barbed w, re wire, or in or on which barbed wire has been placed, and such nuisance to barbed wire is a nuisance to such highway, it shall be lawful for highway, such local authority to serve notice in writing upon the occupier of

such land requiring him within a time therein stated (not to be less than one month nor more than six months after the date of the notice) to abate such nuisance.

(2.) If on the expiration of the time stated in the notice the occupier shall have failed to comply therewith, it shall be lawful for the local authority to apply to a court of summary jurisdiction, and such court, if satisfied that the said barbed wire is a nuisance to such highway, may by summary order direct the occupier to abate such nuisance; and on his failure to comply'with such order within a reasonable time the local authority may do whatever may be necessary in execution of the order, and recover in a summary manner the expenses incurred in connexion therewith.

(3.) In Ireland, sections one hundred and twelve, one hundred and fourteen, one hundred and fifteen, and two hundred and sixty-

. (Jh. 32, 33.

Barbed Wire, 1893.

56 & 57 Vict.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 52.

Proceedings where local authority is occupier of the land.

Expenses of local authority.

Application of 41 & 42 Vict. c. 52. ss. 237 to 2*6 and 53 & 54 Vict. c. 70. ». 83 to borrowing for the purpose of 53 & 54 Vict. c. 70. Part III.

nine of the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, shall apply, with the necessary modifications, where an order is made by a court of summary jurisdiction under this section, in like manner as if that order were an order under the said section one hundred and twelve.

4. Where the local authority are the occupiers of the land, proceedings under this Act may be taken by any ratepayer within the district of the local authority, and a notice to the local authority to abate the nuisance shall be deemed to be properly served if it is served upon the clerk of the local authority, and any ratepayer taking proceeding* may do all acts and things which a local authority is empowered to do.

5. Any expenses incurred by a local authority in the execution of this Act shall be defrayed in like manner as the expenses of the local authority incurred in respect of any highways.

CHAPTER 33.

An Act to remove certain doubts as to the application of Part III. of the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890, to certain authorities in Ireland.

[24th August 1893.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1, — (1.) It is hereby declared that sections two hundred and thirty-seven to two hundred and forty-three, and section two hundred and forty-six of the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, and section eighty-three of the principal Act, apply and have always applied to the borrowing by any local authority in Ireland for the purpose of the execution of Part III. of the principal Act, in like manner as if that purpose were specified in those sections, and the local rate were the fund or rate there specified, and the local authority were a sanitary authority, and that the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland have, and have always had, power to lend accordingly.

(2.) All expenses incurred by town commissioners in the execution of Part III. of the principal Act shall be defrayed out of the local rate, and the town of any town commissioners shall be a district within the meaning of Parts III. and VI. of the principal Act, and section eighty-four of the principal Act shall apply as if the town commissioners were a sanitary authority.

2. This Act shall be construed as one with the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890 (in this Act referred to as the principal Act), and that Act and this Act may be cited together as the Housing of the Working Classes Acts, 1890 and 1893, and this Act may be cited separately as the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1893.

141

CHAPTER 34.

, An Act to extend the operation of the Improvement of Land Act, 1864, so far as regards Scotland.

[24th August 1893.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Improvement of Land (Scotland) Act, 1893.

2. The enumeration of improvements contained in section nine Extension of of the Improvement of Land Act, 1864, is hereby extended for the V9lct' purposes of applications made to the Board of Agriculture after the commencement of this Act, so as to include the planting of woods or trees.

3. This Act shall apply to Scotland only.

Extent of Act.

CHAPTER 35.

An Act to amend the power of the Congested Districts Board for Ireland so far as respects the Purchase and Holding of Property.

[24th August 1893.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Congested Districts Board Short title and (Ireland) Act, 1893, and shall be construed as one with Part Two construction, of the Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1891.

2. — (1.) The Congested Districts Board for Ireland may acquire Acquisition land for the purposes of Part Two of the Purchase of Land (Ireland) "d Act, 1891, and of enlarging small holdings in a congested districts property°by county, and shall be landlords of all land so acquired within the Congested meaning of the Land Purchase (Ireland) Acts, 1870 to 1891. BoSrd*8

(2.) For the purpose of holding land so acquired, or any property 54 55 vict given to or investments made by or securities given to the Board, c. 48. the names of such two members of the Board, as the Board from time to time appoint, shall be enrolled in the High Court as " Trustees of the Congested Districts Board for Ireland "; and land, securities, and other property acquired by or given to the Board shall be held by such trustees under that name in trust for the Board, and notwithstanding any change in the persons who are trustees, shall, without any conveyance or assurance, vest in the trustees for the time being so enrolled, and shall be dealt with by them as the Congested Districts Board direct.

6 £

Ch. 35, 36. Congested Districts Board (Ireland) 56 & 57 VICT.

Act, 1893.

Construction and short title, ft I Sc52 Vict,

c. 47.

Commence- ' inont of Act.

Interpretation.

Decrees, dismisses, &c.

Amendment of ftl & 52 Vict. c. 47. s. 8.

(3.) All land heretofore acquired by the Land Commission on behalf of the Congested Districts Board shall, upon the enrolment of trustees under this Act, vest in those trustees by virtue of this* Act without any conveyance, and shall be deemed to have been duly acquired by the Congested Districts Board for the purposes authorised by this Act.

(4.) So much of section thirty-nine of the Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1891, as relates to the acquiring and holding of land by the Land Commission, and sub-section five of section forty of the said Act, are hereby repealed.

CHAPTER 36.

An Act to amend the Law of Distress and Small Debts (Ireland) Act, 1888.

[24th August 1893.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act shall be read with the Law of Distress and Small Debts (Ireland) Act, 1888, herein called the principal Act, as if it were part of the same, save where inconsistent therewith; and these Acts may be cited as the Law of Distress and Small Debts (Ireland) Acts, 1888 and 1893.

2. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three.

3. In Part II. of the principal A.ct " distress " shall mean and be confined to distresses for rent where the amount due and distrained for shall not exceed twenty pounds.

4. All decrees and dismisses and all money orders leviable by the sheriff made by the Recorder of Dublin where the amount decreed, including costs, shall not exceed twenty pounds shall be executed either by the sheriff of the county of the city of Dublin or his bailiff, or by a bailiff appointed under Part II. of the principal Act. In such last-mentioned case the sheriff shall be entitled to receive from the execution-creditor a fee of one shilling for signing the warrant, and all the provisions of Part II. of the principal Act shall apply.

5. Section eight of Part II. of the principal Act shall be read as if the word "ten " instead of " five " were inserted therein.

Liverpool Court of Passage Act, 1893.

CHAPTER 37.

Ch. 37.

143

An Act to better define the Jurisdiction and to improve the Procedure of the Court of Passage in the City of Liverpool, and for other purposes connected therewith.

[24th August 1893.]

WHEREAS the Court of Passage in the city of Liverpool is an ancient court of record for the trial of civil actions, and the usefulness of the Court to snitors would be increased if its jurisdiction were better defined and if the procedure of the High Court were made applicable to it, and other amendments made:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Liverpool Court of Passage Act, short title. 1893.

2. An action may be commenced and determined in the Court As to jurisdic-of Passage when the defendant or one of the defendants resides or tion of court* carries on business at the time of commencing the action within the jurisdiction of the court; and an action may also be commenced and determined in the court by leave of the judge or registrar when the whole or any part of the cause of action has arisen within the jurisdiction of the court.

Provided that, except where the whole cause of action has arisen within the jurisdiction of the court, no action whereof the county court has cognizance and in which the debt demand or damage claimed does not exceed twenty pounds, shall be commenced in the Court of Passage.

3. Where in any action of contract which is brought in the Cases where High Court and which might have been brought in the Court of gjte ma^gh Passage the claim endorsed on the writ does not exceed one hundred onj^r of pounds, or where the claim in any such action though it originally contract to be exceeded one hundred pounds is reduced by payment, an admitted m Court set-off, or otherwise, to a sum not exceeding one hundred pounds, it ° aBsage* shall be lawful for either party to the action at any time if the whole or part of the demand of the plaintiff be contested to apply to a judge of the High Court at Chambers to order such action to be tried in the Court of Passage; and on the hearing of the application the judge may, without prejudice to the power of the judge under section sixty-five of the County Courts Act, 1888, 51 & 52 Vict. order such action to be tried accordingly; and thereupon the c* 4S* plaintiff shall lodge the original writ pleadings (if any) and the order with the registrar of the Court of Passage; and the action and all proceedings therein shall be tried and taken as if the action had been originally commenced in the Court of Passage, and the costs of the parties in respect of proceedings subsequent to the order of the judge of the High Court shall be allowed according to the scale of costs for the time being in use in the Court of

CH. 37. Liverpool Court of JLa&tityc, 1393. 53 & 57 Vict.

Actions of tort in High Court may in certain cases be remitted to Court of Passage.

Where action may be removed on security given.

Presiding judge of court.

Passage, not exceeding such costs as would have been allowed or be payable if the action had been remitted to and tried in the county court, and the costs of the order and all proceedings previously thereto shall be allowed according to the scale of costs for the time being in use in the Supreme Court.

4. It shall be lawful lor any person against whom an action of tort which might have been brought in the Court of Passage is brought in the High Court to make an affidavit that the plaintiff has no visible means of paying the costs of the defendant should a verdict be not found for the plaintiff, and thereupon a judge of the High Court shall have power to make an order that unless the plaintiff shall within a time to be therein mentioned give full security for the defendant's costs to the satisfaction of one of the Masters of the Supreme Court, or satisfy a judge of the High Court that he has a cause of action fit to be prosecuted in the High Court, all proceedings in the action shall be stayed, or, in the event of the plaintiff being unable or unwilling to give such security or failing to satisfy a judge as aforesaid, without prejudice to the power of the judge under section sixty-six of the County Courts Act, 1888, that the action be remitted for trial to the Court of Passage; and thereupon the plaintiff shall lodge the original w rit pleadings (if any) and the order writh the registrar of such court; and the action and all proceedings therein shall be tried and takeu as if the action had originally been commenced in the Court of Passage, and the costs of the parties in respect of the proceedings subsequent to the order of the judge of the High Court shall be allowed according to the scale of costs for the time being in use in the Court of Passage, not exceeding such costs as would have been allowed or be payable if the action had been remitted to and tried in the county court, and the costs of the order and all proceedings previously thereto shall be allowed according to the scale of costs for the time being in use in the Supreme Court.

5. It shall be lawful for the High Court or a judge thereof to order the removal into the High Court by writ of certiorari or otherwise of any action or matter commenced in the Court of Passage if the High Court or a judge thereof shall deem it desirable that t.he action or matter shall be tried in the High Court, and upon such terms as to payment of costs, giving security, or otherwise, as the High Court or a judge thereof shall think fit to impose.

6. The assistant barrister or assessor of the Court of Passage shall henceforth be and be styled the presiding judge of the Court of Passage, and shall have and may exercise all powers, authorities, and jurisdictions, belonging or which but for this Act would have belonged to the said court or to the mayor of the city of Liverpool as judge or member of the said court; and he shall have the same power, jurisdiction, and authority in regard to causes in the Court of Passage (subject to rules of court) as is possessed by a judge of the High Court in similar matters sitting in chambers or at Nisi Prius.

i89a

Liverpool Court of Passage, 1898. Ch. 37, 38.

145

7. The registrar of the Court of Passage shall, in dealing with actions or with matters and proceedings in*an action, have (subject to rules of court) all the powers which a registrar, district registrar, master, taxing officer, or associate of the High Court has or would have in the same matter if the same were proceeding in the High Court

. 8. It shall be lawful for the presiding judge of the Court of Passage by order under his hand, made with the concurrence of the authority for the time being empowered to make rules for the Supreme Court, to adopt and apply to the Court of Passage all or any of the rules of the Supreme Court, 1883, or any other rules and orders for the time being 'in force which regulate the practice and procedure of the High Court, with such modifications (if any) as the judge or the authority aforesaid may think fit, and from and after the coming into operation of such order all existing enactments or rules inconsistent therewith shall be repealed so far as relates to the Court of Passage.

No order made under this section with such concurrence as aforesaid shall be held invalid by reason of its extending or otherwise affecting the jurisdiction of the Court of Passage or of the presiding judge or registrar or other officer thereof.

9. All orders made and decisions and directions given by the registrar of the court shall be subject to appeal to the presiding judge.

10. An appeal shall be allowed upon the trial of any issue in the Court of Passage in every case where an appeal would be allowed on a trial at Nisi Prius and subject to the same rules, regulations, and provisions.

CHAPTER 38.

An Act to moke further provision for the Conveyance of Her Majesty's Mails.

[24th August 1893.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Where under any Act relating to the conveyance of mails or under the Post Office (Parcels) Act, 1882, it is provided that any matter of difference relating to any remuneration or compensation to be paid by the Postmaster-General to any railway company shall be referred to arbitration, that matter of difference shall at the instance of any party thereto be referred to the Railway and Canal .Commission instead of to arbitration, and that Commission shall determine the same, and this provision shall apply to any matter of difference referred to in section eight of the Post Office (Parcels) Act, 1882, where such railway companies as therein mentioned, or

U

Powers of registrar.

Application of practice and procedure of High Court.

Appeal from registrar to judge.

Appeal from judge of court.

Differences as to remuneration for conveyance of mails.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 74.

146

Ctf.38 *

Conveyance of Mails Act, 1893. 56 & 57 Vict,

Carriage of mails on tmmways.

Any company or person owning a steam vessel, are or is one party to the arbitration in lik? manner as it applies to a difference where a single railway company is a party to the arbitration.

2. — (1.) Every tramway company, that is to say, every company, body, or person owning or working any tramway authorised by any Act passed after the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three, shall if required by the Postmaster-General, perform with respect to any tramway owned or worked by the icompany all such reasonable services in regard to the conveyance of mails as the Postmaster-General from time to time requires: Provided as follows: —

(a.) Nothing in this section shall authorise the Postmaster-General to require mails in excess of the following weights to be carried in or upon any carriage, that is to say:—

(i.) If the carriage is conveying or intended to convey passengers, and not goods or parcels, then in excess of the maximum weight for the time being fixed for the luggage of ordinary passengers; and (ii.) If the carriage is conveying or intended to convey parcels only, then in excess of such maximum weight as is for the time being fixed for ordinary parcels, or if that maximum appears to the Postroaster-General to be so low as to exclude him from availing himself of the use of any such carriage, then as is for the time being fixed by agreement, or in default of agreement by the Railway and Canal Commission;

(iii.) If the carriage is conveying or intended to convey both parcels and passengers but not goods, then in excess of the maximum weight for the time being fixed for ordinary parcels, or for the luggage of ordinary passengers, whichever is the greater.

(b.) Mails when carried in or upon a carriage conveying passengers shall be so carried as not to inconvenience the passengers, but so nevertheless that the custody of the mails by any officer of the Post Office in charge thereof shall not be interfered with.

(c.) Nothing in this section shall authorise the Postmaster-General to require any mails to be carried in or upon a carriage conveying or intended to convey passengers but not goods or parcels, except in charge of an officer of the Post Office travelling as a passenger.

(d.) If goods as well as passengers and parcels are carried on the tramway the enactments relating to the conveyance of mails by railway shall, subject to the provisions of this section, apply in like manner as if the tramway company were a railway company, and the tramway were a railway.

(2.) The remuneration for any sendees performed in pursuance of this section shall be such as may be from time to time determined by agreement between the Postmaster-General and the tramway company, or, in default of agreement, by the Railway and Canal Commission, and this provision shall have effect in lien

, vjUOy K,

1893.

Conveyance of Mails, 1893. Ch. 38.

147

of any provisions respecting remuneration contained in the enactments relating to the conveyance of mails by railway which are Applied by this section.

(3.) For the purpose of this section a requisition by the Postmaster-General may be signified by writing under the hand of any person who is at the time either Postmaster-General or a Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Post Office, or the Inspector-General of Mails; and any document purporting to be signed by any such person as aforesaid shall, until the contrary is proved, be deemed, without proof of the official character of such person, to have been duly signed as required by this section.

3. Every tramroad authorised by any Act passed after the first Carriage of day of January one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three shall,

for the purposes of the conveyance of mails, be deemed to be a railway, and the enactments relating to the conveyance of mails by railway shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, apply to every such tramroad and to the company, body, or person owning or working the same as if the tramroad were a railway, and the company, body, or person were a railway company.

4. Notwithstanding anything in the Railway and Canal Traffic Determination Act, 1888, any matter of difference directed to be determined by of differences, the Railway and Canal Commission under this Act may in the 51 & 52 Vict. discretion of the Commission be heard and determined by the two c' 25‘ appointed Commissioners, whose order shall be deemed to be the

order of the Commission, and subject to this provision all proceedings relating to any such matter of difference shall be conducted by the Commission in the same manner as any other proceeding is conducted by them under the Railway and Canal Traffic Acts,

1873 and 1888, , or any Act amending the same, and any order of the Commission upon any such difference shall be enforceable as any other order of the Commission.

5. — (1.) In this Act —

The expression "mails " has the same meaning as in the Regula- Definitions, tion of Railways Act, 1873, and includes parcels within the 86 87 vicl* meaning of the Post Office (Parcels) Act, 1882:45 &'46 yicU

The expression "Act" means any Act of Parliament whether c. 74. public general, local and personal, or private, and includes any order confirmed by any such Act, and a certificate granted by the Board of Trade under the Railways Construction Facilities 27 & 28 Vict. Act, 1864, and an Order in Council made by the Lord Lieu- c-121* tenant of Ireland under the Tramways (Ireland) Acts, 1860 to 1891, or the Railways (Ireland) Act, 1890:58 54 vict-

The expression "tramway" means a tramway authorised by an c* *

Act to be constructed wholly along public roads or streets without any deviation therefrom:

The expression "tramroad" means any tramroad or tramway which is not a tramway as herein-before defined, and includes a tramway or light railway constructed under the Tramways ' (Ireland) Acts, 1860 to 1891, or the Railways (Ireland) Act,

1890.

-148 Ch. 38, 39. Conveyance of Mai 1893. 56 & 57 VICT.

(2.) A railway, tramway, or tramroad shall be deemed to be authorised by an Act passed after the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three, where the construction of the railway, tramway, or tramroad is first authorised, or where the time for its construction is extended, by an Act passed after the date aforesaid.

short title. 6. This Act may be cited as the Conveyance of Mails Act, 1893.

CHAPTER 39.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Industrial and Provident Societies.

[12th September 1893.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to consolidate and amend the law relating to industrial and provident societies:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

short tide of 1. This Act may be cited as the Industrial and Provident Societies Act- Act, 1893.

Extent of Act. 2. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January next after the passing thereof, and shall extend to Great Britain and Ireland and the Channel Islands.

Existing 3. Every incorporated society now existing which has been

societies. registered or certified under any Act relating to industrial and provident societies shall be deemed to be a society registered under this Act, and its rules shall, so far as the same are not contrary to any express provision of this Act, continue in force until altered or rescinded.

Registration of Societies.

Societies which 4. A society which may be registered under this Act (herein may be regie- ^Ued an industrial and provident society) is a society for carrying lm ' on any industries, businesses, or trades specified in or authorised

by its rules, whether wholesale or retail, and including dealings of any description with land. Provided that —

(a.) No member other than a registered society shall have or claim any interest in the shares of the society exceeding two hundred pounds, and (6.) In regard to the business of banking, the society shall be subject to the provisions herein-after contained.

Conditions of registration.

5. With respect to the registry of new societies the following provisions shall have effect: —

(1.) No society can be registered under this Act which does not consist of seven persons a^leastb:

1893.

Industrial and Provident Societies Act, 1893. Ch. 89.

149

(2.) For the purpose of registry an application to register the society, signed by seven members and the secretary, and two printed copies of the rules, shall be sent to the registrar:

* (3.) No society shall be registered under a name identical with that under which any other existing society is registered, or so nearly resembling such name as to be likely, or in any name likely, in the opinion of the registrar, to mislead the members or the public as to its identity, and no society shall change its name except in the manner herein-after provided. (4.) A society registered under the Industrial and Provident Societies Act, 1852, and not registered under the Industrial and Provident Societies Acts, 1862, 1867, or 1876, may obtain from the registrar an acknowledgment of registry under this Act:

(5.) The word " limited " shall be the last word in the name of every society registered under this Act:

(6.) A society carrying or intending to cany on business in more than one part of the United Kingdom shall be registered in the part in which its registered office, as herein mentioned, is situate; but copies of the rules of the society and of all amendments of the same shall, when registered, be sent to the registrar of each of the other parts to be recorded by him, and until such rules are so recorded the society shall not be entitled to any of the* privileges of this Act in the part in which such rules have not been recorded, and until such amendments are so recorded the same shall not take effect in such part.

6. The registrar, on being satisfied that a society has complied with the provisions as to registry in force under this Act, shall issue to such society an acknowledgment of registry.

7. — (1.) If the registrar refuses to register the society or any rules or amendments of rules, the society may appeal from such refusal as follows: —

(a.) In England or Ireland to the High Court;

(b.)In Scotland to either division of the Inner House of the Court of Session.

(2.) If the refusal of registry is overruled on appeal, an acknowledgment of registry shall thereupon be given to the society by the registrar.

8. The acknowledgment of registry shall be conclusive evidence that the society therein mentioned is duly registered, unless it is proved that the registry of the society has been suspended or cancelled.

Cancelling and Suspension of.

9. — (1.) The registrar may cancel the registry of a society by writing under his hand or seal:

(a.) If at any time it is proved to his satisfaction that the number of the members of the society has been reduced to less than seven, or that an acknowledgment of registry has been obtained by fraud or mistake, or that the society has ceased to exist;

Acknowledgment of

registry.

Appeals from refusal to register.

Effect of acknowledgment of registry.

Cancelling and suspension of registry.

150

Rules and amendments.

(b.^ I! )aet *H, .a^ the j request of a society, to be evidenced

in adch, maimer, as he shall from time to time direct;

(c.) With the approval of the Treasury, on proof to his satisfaction that the'society exists for an illegal purpose, or has wilfully and after notice from a registrar violated any of the provisions of this Acf.

(2.) The, registrar* in any case in which he might, with the approval of the Treasury, cancel the registry of a society, may suspend the same, by writing under his hand or seal, for any term not exceeding three months, and may, with the approval* of the Treasury, renew such suspension from time to time for the like period.

(3.) Not less, than ' two months previous notice in writing, specifying briefly the ground' of any proposed cancelling or pqspen-sion of registry, shall be given by the registry, to a society before the registry of ‘the san\e can be cancelled (except at its request) or suspended; and notice' of every cancelling or suspension shall be published in the Oazetfe, and in some local newspaper circulating in or about the locaGty in which the registered office of the society is situated, as soon as-practicable after the same takes place.

(4.), A society may appeal from the cancelling of its registry, or from &ny suspension of <the same which is renewed after* three months, in manner herein provided for appeals from the registrar's refusal to register.

! (5.) A society whose registry has been suspended or cancelled shall from the date of publication in the Gazette of notice of such suspension or cancelling (but, if suspended, only whilst such suspension lasts, and subject also to the right of appeal hereby giveq) absolutely cease to Onjoy as such the privileges of a registered society, but without^rejudice to any liability actually Incurred by suchaoeiety, which may be enforced against the same aS if such suspension or cancelling, had not taken place.

Rules.

10. — t(1.) i The rules of a society registered under this Act shall contain provisions in respect of the several matters mentioned in the Second Schedule to this Act.

(2.) An amendment of a rule of a society registered under this Act shall not be valid until the same has been registered under this Act, for which purpose two copies of the same, signed by three members and the secretary, shall be sent to the registrar.

(3.) The registrar shall, on being satisfied that any amendment of a rule is not contrary to the provisions of this Act, issue to the society an acknowledgment of registry of the same, which shall be conclusive evidence that the same is duly registered.

(4.) A copy of the rules of a registered society shall be delivered by the society to every person on demand, on payment of a sum not exceeding one shilling.

(5.) The rules of a registered society, or any schedule thereto, may set forth the form of any instrument necessary for carrying the purposes of the society into eflect.

1893. Ch. 39.

Industrial and Provident Societies Act, 1893.

151

(6.1 The rules of every society registered under this Act shall provide for the profits being appropriated to any purposes stated therein or determined in such manner as the rules direct.

Duties of Registered Societies *

11. Every registered society shall have a registered office to which Registered all communications and notices shall be addressed, and shall send office *

to the registrar notice of the situation of such office, and of every change therein.

12. Every registered society shall paint or affix, and ke.ep painted Publication of or affixed, its registered name on the outside of every office or place name *

in which the business of the society is carried on, in a conspicuous, position, in letters easily legible, and have its registered name engraven in legible characters on its seal, and have its registered name mentioned in legible characters in all notices, advertisements, and other official publications of the society, and in all bills of exchange, promissory notes, endorsements, cheques, and orders for money or goods, purporting to be signed by or on behalf of such society, and in all bills of parcels, invoices, receipts, and letters of credit of the society.

13. — (1.) Every registered society shall once at least in every Audit year submit its accounts for audit either to one of the public auditors appointed as in this Act mentioned, or to two or more persons appointed as the rules of the Society provide.

(2.) The auditors shall have access to all the books, deeds, documents, and accounts of the society, and shall examine the balance sheets showing the receipts and expenditure, funds and effects of the society, and verify the same with the books, deeds, documents, accounts and vouchers relating thereto, and shall either sign the same as found by them to be correct, duly vouched, and in accordance with law, or specially report to the society in what respects they find them incorrect, unvouched, or not in accordance with law.

14. — (1.) Every registered society shall once in every year, not Annual later than the thirty-first day of March, send to the registrar an returns-annual return of the receipts and expenditure, funds and effects, of the society as audited.

(2.) The annual return —

(a) shall be signed by the auditor or auditors; and

(b) shall show separately the expenditure in respect of the several objects of the society; and

(c) shall be made out from the date of its registration or last annual return to that of its last published balance sheet, provided that the last-named date is not more than one month before or after the thirty-first of December then last, or otherwise to the said day of December inclusive; and

(d) shall state whether the audit has been conducted by a public auditor appointed as by this Act is provided, and by whom, and, if by any persons other than a public auditor, shall state the name, address, and calling or profession of

152 Ch. 39. Industrial and Provident Societies 56 & 57 Vict.

, 1893.

every such person, and the manner in which, and the authority under which, he is appointed.

The society shall, together with the annual return, send a copy of the report of the auditors, or, if more than one such report has been made during the period included in the return, a copy of each of such reports.

Supply of 15. Every registered society shall supply gratuitously to every

copies of member or person interested in the funds of the society, on his annua returns, application, a copy of the last annual return of the society for the time being.

Copy of last 16. Every registered society shall keep a copy of the last balance sheet, balance sheet for the time being, together with the report of the auditors, always hung up in a conspicuous place at the registered office of the society.

Inspection of Books.

inspection of 17. — (1.) Save as provided by this Act, no member or person

books by shall have any right to inspect the books of a registered society,

members. notwithstanding anything in the existing rules relating to such

inspection.

(2.) Any member or person having an interest in the funds of a registered society shall be allowed to inspect his own account and the books containing the navies of the members at all reasonable hours at the registered office of the society, or at any place where the same are kept, subject to su'-h regulations as to the time and manner of such inspection as may be made from time to time by the general meetings of the society.

(3.) A registered society may, by any rules registered after this Act is passed, authorise the inspection of any of its books therein mentioned, in addition to the said books containing the names of members, under such conditions as are thereby imposed, so that no person, unless he be an officer of the society, or be specially authorised by a resolution thereof, shall have the right to inspect the loan or deposit account of any other member without his \vritten consent.

Inspection of 18. — (1.) The registrar may, if he thinks fit, on the application

bookB by order of ten members of a registered society, each of whom has been a o registrar. number of the society for not less than twelve months immediately preceding the date of the application, appoint an accountant or actuary to inspect the books of the society, and to report thereon.

(2.) Provided as follows, —

(a) the applicants shall deposit with the registrar such sum as a security for the costs of the proposed inspection as the registrar may require; and

(b) all expenses of and incidental to any such inspection shall be defrayed by the applicants, or out of the funds of the society, or by the members or officers, or former members or officers, of the society in such proportions as the registrar may direct.

1893:

Industrial and Provident Societies Act, 1893. Ch. 39.

153

(3.) A person appointed under this section shall have power to make copies of any books of the society, and to take extracts therefrom, at all reasonable hours, at the registered office of the society, or at any place where the books are kept.

(4.) The registrar shall communicate the results of any such inspection to the applicants and to the society.

Banking by Societies.

. 19. — (1.) No registered society which has any withdrawable Conditions of share capital shall carry on the business of banking. by

(2.) Every registered society which carries on the business of8001 ie*‘ banking shall on the first Mondays in February and August in each year make out and keep conspicuously hung up in its registered office, and every other office or place of business belonging to it where the business of banking is carried on, a statement in the form in the Third Schedule, or as near thereto as the circumstances admit

(3.) The taking deposits of not more than ten shillings in any one payment, nor more than twenty pounds for any one depositor, payable on not less than two clear days notice, shall not be included in the business of banking within the meaning of this Act; but no society which takes such deposits shall make any payment of withdrawable capital while any claim due on account of any such deposit is unsatisfied.

Returns and Documen.

20. Every return and other document required for the purposes Form and of this Act shall be made in such form and shall contain such particulars as the chief registrar prescribes, and shall be deposited oc, lments and registered or recorded, with or without observations thereon, in such manner as the chief registrar directs.

Privileges of Societies.

21. The registration of a society shall render it a body corporate Incorporation by the name described in the acknowledgment of registry, by which wrth

it may sue and be sued, with perpetual succession and a common liability, seal, and with limited liability; and shall vest in the society all property for the time being vested in any person in trust for the society; and all legal proceedings pending by or against the trustees of any such society may be prosecuted by or against the society in its registered name without abatement.

22. The rules of a registered society shall bind the society and Bub* to bind all members thereof and all persons claiming through them respec- menibers-tively to the same extent as if each member had subscribed his name and affixed his seal thereto, and there were contained in such rules a covenant on the part of such member, his heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, to c<nform thereto, subject to the provisions of this Act: Provided that a society registered at the time when this Act comes into operation, or the members thereof, may respectively exercise any power given by this Act, and not made to depend on the provisions of its rules, notwithstanding any

Remedy for debts from members.

Exemption from income tax.

provision contained in any role thereof registered before this Act was passed.

f *

23. — (1.) All moneys payable by a member to a registered society shall be a debt due from such member to the society, and shall be recoverable as such either in the county court of the district in which the registered office of the society is situate, or in that of the district in which such member resides, at the option of the society.

(2.) A registered society shall have a lien on the shares of an£ member for any debt due to it by him, and may set off any sum credited to the member thereon in or towards the payment of such debt.

24. A registered society shall not be chargeable under Schedules C. and D. of the Income Tax Acts unless it sells to persons not members thereof, and the number of shares of the society is limited either by its rules or its practice. But no member of or person employed by the society shall be exempt from any assessment to the said duties to which he would be otherwise liable.

Power of 25. — (1.) A member of a registered society, not being under

sumeno^cx*01 a&e "^een ye&rsi may, by a writing under his hfynd, ceeding0one~ delivered at or sent to the registered office of the society during hundred the lifetime of such member, or made in any book kept thereat

pounds. nominate any person or persons other than an officer or servant of the society (unless such officer or servant is the husband, wife, father, mother, child, brother, sister, nephew, or niece of the nominator) to or among whom his property in the society, whether in shares, loans, or deposits, or so much thereof as is specified in such nomination, if the nomination does not comprise the whole, shall be transferred at his decease, provided the amount credited to him in the books of the society does not then exceed one hundred pounds sterling.

(2.) A nomination so made may be revoked or varied by any similar document under the hand of the nominator, delivered, sent, or made as aforesaid, but shall not be revocable or variable by the will of the nominator or any codicil thereto.

(3.) The society shall keep a book wherein the names of all persons so nominated and of all revocations or variations, if any, of such nominations shall be regularly entered. And the property comprised in any such nomination shall be payable or transferable to the nominees, although the rules of the society declare the shares to be generally not transferable.

Proceedings on 26. — (1.) On receiving satisfactory proof of the death of a

the death of a nominator, the committee of the society shall either transfer the nominator. property comprised in the nomination in manner directed by it, or pay to every person entitled thereunder the full value of the property given to him, unless the shares comprised therein, if transferred as directed by the nominator, would raise the share capital of any nominee to a sum exceeding two hundred pounds, in which case they shall pay him the value of such shares.

189ft \ - - v Industrial and Provident Societies

Act, 1893. Ch. 89. 156

(2.) If the total property of the nominator in the society at his death exceeds eighty pounds the committee shall, before making any payment, require production of a duly stamped receipt for the sudcession or legacy duty payable thereon, dr a letter or certificate stating that no such duty is payable from the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, who shall give such receipt, letter, or certificate, on payment of the duty, or satisfactory proof of no duty being payable, as the case may be.

27. — (1.) If any member of a registered society entitled to Provisions for property therein in respect of shares, loans, or deposits, not exceed- 1Dta, tacy' ing in the whole, at his death, one hundred pounds, dies intestate, without having made any nomination thereof then subsisting, the committee may, without letters of administration, distribute the same among such persons as appear to them, on such evidence as they deem satisfactory, to be entitled by law to receive the same, subject, if such property exceeds eighty pounds, to the obtaining from the Commissioners of Inland Revenue a receipt for the succession or legacy duty payable thereon, or a letter or certificate stating that no such duty is payable *

* (2.) If any such member is illegitimate and leaves no widow, widower, or issue, the committee shall deal with his property in the society as the Treasury shall direct

28. If elsewhere than in Scotland the whole personal estate, Probate duty or jin Scotland the whole movable estate, of any person entitled to be paid to make a nomination under this Act exceeds one hundred pounds Jhole eJtate sterling, any, 'sum j paid, under this Act without probate or letters exceeds one of administration, shall, notwithstanding such nomination or pay- hundred Went, be liable to probate duty as part of the amount on which $uch duty is-charged, and the committee, before making any such payment, may require a statutory declaration by the claimant or one of the claimants that the total personal or movable estate of the deceased, including the sum in question, does not, after deductions of debts and funeral expenses, exceed the value of one hundred pounds.

' 29. Where a member or person claiming through a member of a Power to deal society is insane, and no committee of his estate or trustee of his tjj property has been duly appointed, the society may, when it is proved t^o the Satisfaction of the committee that it is just and expedient so members, to do, pay the amount of the shares, loans, and deposits not exceeding one hundred pounds belonging to such member or person, to any person whom they shall judge proper to receive the same on his behalf, whose receipt shall be a good discharge to the society for any sum so paid.

N 30. All payments or transfers made by the committee of a Payments to registered society, under the provisions of this Act with respect to ap~

payments or transfers to or on behalf of deceased or insane members, valid,

to any person who at the time appears to the committee to be entitled thereunder, shall be valid and effectual against any demand made upon the committee or society by any other nerson

1C

Ch. 39/

Transfer of stock standing in name of trustee.

Membership of minors.

Promissory notes and bills of exchange.

Register of members or shares.

Industrial and Provident Societies 56 & 57 Vict. Act, 1893.

31. — (1.) When any person in whose name any stock belonging to a registered society transferable at the Bank of England or Bank of Ireland is standing, either jointly with another or others or solely, as a trustee therefor, is absent from Great Britain or Ireland respectively, or becomes bankrupt, or files any petition or executes any deed for liquidation of his affairs by assignment or arrangement, or for composition with his creditors, or becomes a lunatic, or is dead, or has been removed from his office of trustee, or if it be unknown whether such person is living or dead, the chief registrar, on application in writing from the secretary and three members of the society, and on proof satisfactory to him, may direct the transfer of the stock into the names of any other persons as trustees for the society.

(2.) The transfer shall be made by the surviving or continuing trustees, and if there be no such trustee, or if such trustees refuse or be unable to make such transfer, and the chief registrar so directs, then by the Accountant General or Deputy or Assistant Accountant General of the Bank of England or Bank of Ireland, as the case may be.

(3.) The Banks of England and Ireland are hereby indemnified for anything done by them or any of their officers in pursuance of this provision against any claim or demand of any person injuriously affected thereby.

32. A person under the age of twenty-one but above the age of sixteen may be a member of a registered society, unless provision be made in the rules thereof to the contrary, and may, subject to the rules of the society, enjoy all the rights of a member (except as by this Act provided), and execute nil instruments and give all acquittances necessary to be executed or given under the rules, but shall not be a member of the committee, trustee, manager or treasurer of the society.

33. A promissory note or bill of exchange shall be deemed to have been made, accepted, or endorsed on behalf of any society if made, accepted, or endorsed in the name of the society, or by or on behalf or account of the society, by any person acting under the authority of the society.

34. Any register or list of members or shares kept by any society .‘hall be prima, facie evidence of any of the following particulars entered therein; —

(a.) The names, addresses, and occupations of the members, the number of shares held by them respectively, the numbers of such shares, if they are distinguished by numbers, and the amount paid or agreed to be considered as paid on any such shares;

(b.) The date at which the name of any person, company, or society was entered in such register or list as a member;

(c.) The date at which any su'-h person, "company, or society ceased to be a member.

1893.

Industrial and Provident Societies Act, 1893. Ch. 39.

157

35.Contracts on behalf of a registered society may be made. Contract* how varied, or discharged as follows: — .

(a.) Any contract, which if made between private persons or M g would be by law required to be in writing, and if made according to the JSnglish law to be under seal, may be made on behalf of the society in writing under the common seal of the society, and may in the same manner be varied or discharged;

(b.) Any contract, which if made between private persons would be by law required to be in writing and signed by the persons to b9 charged therewith, may be made on behalf of the society in writing by any person acting under the express or implied authority of the society, and may in the same manner be varied or discharged;

(c.) Any contract under seal which, if made between private persons, might be varied or discharged by a writing not under seal, signed by any person interested therein, may be similarly varied or discharged on behalf of the society by a writing not under seal, signed by any person acting under the express or implied authority of the society;

(d.) Any contract, which if made between private persons would be by law valid though made by parol only and not reduced into writing, may be made by parol on behalf of the society by any person acting under the express or implied authority of the society, and may in the same manner be varied or discharged;

(e.) A signature, purporting to be made by a person holding any office in the society, attached to a writing whereby any contract purports to be made, varied, or discharged by or on behalf of the society, shall primA facie be taken to be the signature of a person holding at the time when the signature was made the office so stated.

All contracts which may be or have been made, varied, or discharged according to the provisions contained in this section, shall, so far as concerns the form thereof, be effectual in law and binding on the society and all other parties thereto, their heirs, executors, or administrators as the case may be.

Property and Funds of Registered Society.

36. A registered society may (if its rules do not direct otherwise) Holding of hold, purchase, or take on lease in its own name any land, and land' may sell, exchange, mortgage, lease, or build upon the same, or grant bonds and dispositions on security or other heritable securities over the same (with power to alter and pull down buildings and again rebuild), and no purchaser, assignee, mortgagee, tenant, or bond-holder shall be bound to inquire as to the authority for any such sale, exchange, mortgage, or lease by the society, and the receipt of the society shall be a discharge for all moneys arising from or in connexion with such sale, exchange, mortgage, lease, or heritable security.

Ch. 39.

Industrial and Provident Societies 56 & 57 Vict. Act, 1893.

Provirion as 37. Where ally registered society is entitled in equity to any to copyhold *, hereditaments of copyhold or customary tenure, either absolutely or by way of mortgage or security; the lord of the manor of which the same are held shall from time to time, if the society so require, admit such persons (not to exceed three) as such society appoints to be trustees on its behalf, as tenants iu respect of such hereditaments, on payment of the usual fines, fees, and other dues payable on the admission of a single tenant, or may admit the society as tenant in respect of the same on payment of such special fine or compensation, in lieu of fine and fees, as may be agreed upon between such lord and the society.

Investment* 38. — (1.) A registered society may invest any part of its capital

by societies. or Upon any security authorised by its rules, and also, if the rules do not direct otherwise —

(a) in or upon any security in which trustees are for the time being authorised by law to invest; and

(b) in or upon any mortgage, bond, debenture, debenture stock, corporation stock, annuity, rentcharge, rent, or other security (not being securities payable to bearer) authorised by or under any Act of Parliament passed or to be passed of any local 38 & 89 Vict. authority as defined by section thirty-four of the Local Loans c-83. Act, 1875; and

(c) in the shares or on the security of any other society registered or deemed to be registered under this Act, or under the Building Societies Acts, or of any company registered under the Companies Acts or incorporated by Act of Parliament or by charter, provided that no such investment be made in the shares of any society or company other than one with limited liability.

(2.) A society so investing shall be deemed to be a person within the meaning of the Companies Acts, and of the Building Societies Acts.

(3.) Any investments made before the passing of this Act, which would have been valid if this Act had then been in force, are hereby ratified and confirmed.

Power to in- 39. A society (not being one chargeable with income tax in vestmsavings pursuance of this Act) may invest its capital and funds, or any 26 & 27 Vict. Part thereof to any amount, in any savings bank certified under c. 87. the Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1863, or in a post office savings

bank.

Advances to 40. The rules of a registered society may provide for advances members. of money to members on the security of real or personal property, or in the case of a society registered to carry on banking business in any manner customary in the conduct of such business.

Societies 41. A, registered society which has invested any part of its

otherb^iM capital in the shares or on the security of any other body cor-corporate may porate may appoint as proxy any one of its members although such vote by proxy, member is not personally a shareholder of such other body corporate. The proxy shall, during the continuance of his appoint,

1893.

Industrial and Provident Societies Act, 1893.

CH. 39.

159

ment, be taken in virtue thereof as holding the number of shares held by the society by whom he is appointed for all purposes except the transfer of any such shares, or the giving receipts for any dividends thereon.

42. Any other body corporate may, if its regulations permit, Any body

hold shares by its corporate name in a registered society. corporate may

* hold shares in

Discharge of Mortgages by Receipt . a

43. In England and Ireland —

(1.) A receipt in full, signed by two members of the committee, and countersigned by the secretary, of a registered society, for all moneys secured to the society on the security of any property to which such receipt relates, and being in the Form A. in the Third Schedule to this Act, or in any other form specified in the rules of the society or any schedule thereto, if endorsed on or annexed to any mortgage or assurance, shall vacate the same and vest the property therein comprised in the person entitled to the equity of redemption thereof without any formal re-conveyance or surrender.

(2.) If such mortgage or other assurance has been registered under any Act tor the registration or record of deeds or titles, or is of copyholds or lands of customary tenure, and is entered on any court rolls, the, registrar under such Act, or recording officer, or steward of the manor, or keeper of the register, shall, on production of such receipt verified by oath or statutory declaration of any person, enter satisfaction on the register or on the court rolls respectively of such mortgage or of the charge made by such assurance, and shall grant a certificate, either upon such niortgage or assurance or separately to the like effect, which certificate shall be received in evidence in all courts and proceedings without further proof; and such registrar, recording officer, steward, or keeper of the register shall be entitled, for making the said entry and granting the said certificate, to a fee of two shillings and sixpence, which in Ireland shall be paid by stamps and applied in accordance with the Public Offices Fees Act, 1879.

Discharge of mortgages by receipt endorsed.

42 & 48 Vict. c. 58.

44. In Scotland — Discharge of

(1.) A receipt in full, signed by two members of the committee, mortgages in and countersigned by the secretary, of a registered society, for Scotland* all moneys secured to the society on the security of any property to which such receipt relates, and being in or as nearly as may be in the Form B. in the Third Schedule to this Act, if endorsed on or annexed to any heritable security other than one in the form of an ex-facie or other absolute conveyance or disposition, shall, on the registration thereof in the appropriate register of sasines, operate as a renunciation and discharge of such heritable security, and effectually disburden the lands, or estate in land, or other subjects comprised therein, in the same manner and to the same effect as if a formal discharge containing all usual clauses according to the present practice had been granted by the society.

31 & 82 Vict. c. 101.

32 & 88 Vict: c. 116.

87 & 88 Vict. c. 94.

Receipt in case of society in liquidation.

Industrial and Provident Societies 56 & 57 Vict.

Act, 1893.

(2.) Such a receipt so signed, and being in or as nearly as may be in the Form C. in the said schedule, endorsed on or annexed to any heritable security in the form of an ex-facie or other absolute conveyance, or of an absolute disposition, whether qualified by a back bond or not, shall, on the registration thereof in the appropriate register of sasines, effectively discharge the heritable security so constituted, and disburden the lands, or estate in land, or other subjects comprised in the heritable security, and vest and convey the same in and to the person or persons entitled thereto at the date of the granting of the receipt, and that to the same effect and in the same manner as if a formal conveyance, containing all usual clauses according to the present practice, had been granted by the society to such person or persons and duly recorded.

(3.) Such a receipt so signed, and being in or as nearly as may be in the Form D. in the said schedule hereto, endorsed on or annexed to any security or assurance other than a heritable security, shall (on being duly intimated where the original security or assurance was intimated) vacate the same, and re-vest the property therein comprised in the person or persons entitled to the same, without the necessity of any more formal discharge or other deed.

(4.) Nothing herein contained shall preclude any person or persons from adopting the forms and procedure presently in use in lieu of those provided under this Act, and, in case of any error or defect in connexion with the use of the forms under this Act, it shall be competent of new to make and record any deed or deeds which may be necessary, whether under this Act or otherwise.

(5.) The registration of such receipts as aforesaid shall be made in conformity with the provisions regulating registration in the registers concerned, but the dues on the registration of any one receipt shall in no case exceed five shillings. No stamp duty shall be payable on any receipt registered under this section.

(6.) In this section, and in the schedule relating hereto, the expressions " heritable security, " " lands " (including " land "), " estate in land, " " debtor, " " successors " (including " successor"), "deed" or "deeds, " and "conveyance, " shall each respectively have the meaning attached thereto by the Titles to Land Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1868, the Titles to Land Consolidation (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1869, and the Conveyancing (Scotland) Act, 1874, and the expression "heritable security " shall include securities over lands or estates in lands by way of ex-facie or other absolute dispositions whether qualified by a back bond or not.

45. Where a registered society is in liquidation, the signature

such a receipt as aforesaid of the liquidator or liquidators for

e time being, described as such, shall have the same effect, and shall be entitled to the same exemption from stamp duty, as would

1893.

Industrial and Provident Societies Act, 1893. Ch. 39.

161

under this Act attach to a similar receipt signed as aforesaid if the society were not in liquidation.

46. — (1.) Any deed or writ to which any registered society is a Execution of party shall be held to be duly executed on behalf of such society in deed8* Scotland if it is either executed in conformity with the present

law thereof or is sealed with the common seal of the society, subscribed on its behalf by two members of the committee and the secretary of the society, whether such subscription is attested by witnesses or not

(2.) On payment of all moneys intended to be secured to a society by any of the aforesaid securities, the debtor or his successor or representatives shall be entitled to a receipt in the appropriate form provided by this Act.

Officers in receipt or charge of Money.

47. Every officer of a registered society having receipt or charge SjgJr of money, if the rules of the society require, shall, before taking ° ce"* upon himself the execution of his office, become bound, either with

or without a surety as the committee may require, in a bond according to one of the forms set forth in the Third Schedule to this Act, or such other form as the committee of the society approve, or give the security of a guarantee society, in such sum as the committee directs, conditioned for his rendering a just and true account of all moneys received and paid by him on account of iho society at such times as its rules appoint, or as the society or the committee thereof require him to do, and for the payment by him of all sums due from him to the society.

48. — (1.) Every officer of a registered society having receipt or ^nts ot charge of money, or his executors or administrators, shall, at such ° cm' times as by the rules of the society he should render account, or upon demand made, or notice in writing given or left at his last or usual place of residence, give in his account as may be required by the society, or by the committee thereof, to be examined and allowed or disallowed by them, and shall, on the like demand or notice, pay over all moneys and deliver all property for the time being in his hands or custody to such person as the society or the committee appoint; and in case of any neglect or refusal to deliver such account, or to pay over such moneys or to deliver such property in manner aforesaid, the society may sue upon the bond or security before mentioned, or may apply to the county court (which may proceed in a summary way), or to a court of summary jurisdiction, and the order of either such court shall be final and conclusive.

(2.) This section shall apply to every servant of a registered society in receipt or charge of money in every case where he is not engaged under a special agreement to account.

Disputes.

49. — (1.) Every dispute between a member of a registered Decision of society; or any person aggrieved who has for not more than six d, 8PQte8-months ceased to be a member of a registered Eociety, or any

T

162

52 Sc53 Vict,

c. 49.

0H. 39. Industrial and Provident Societies 56 & 57 Vict.

Act, 1893.

person claiming through such member or perron aggrieved, or claiming under the rules of a registered society, and the society or an officer thereof, shall be decided in manner directed by the rules of the society, if they contain any such direction, and the decision so made shall be binding and conclusive on all parties without appeal, and shall not be removable into any court of law or restrainable by injunction; and application for the enforcement thereof may be made to the county court.

(2.) The parties to a dispute in a society may, by consent (unless the rules of such society expressly forbid it), refer such dispute to the chief registrar, or to the assistant registrar in Scotland or Ireland, who shall, with the consent of the Treasury, either by himself or by any other registrar, hear and determine such dispute, and shall have power to order the expenses of determining the same to be paid either out of the funds of the society or by such parties to the dispute as he shall think fit, and such determination and order shall have the same effect and be enforceable in like manner as a decision made in the manner directed by the rules of the society.

(3.) The chief or other registrar to whom any dispute is referred may administer oaths, and may require the attendance of all parties concerned and of witnesses, and the production of all books and documents relating to the matter in question; and any person refusing to attend, or to produce any documents, or to give evidence beforh such chief or other registrar, shall be guilty of-an offence under this Act.

(4.) Where the rules of a society direct that disputes shall be referred to justices, the dispute shall be determined by a court of summary jurisdiction:

Provided that in every case of dispute cognisable under the rules of a society by a court of summary jurisdiction, it shall be lawful for the parties thereto to enter into a consent referring such dispute to the county court, which may hear and determine the matter in dispute.

(5.) Where the rules contain no direction as to disputes, or where no decision is made on a dispute within forty days after application to the society for a reference under its rules, the member or person aggrieved may apply either to the county court, or to a court of summary jurisdiction, which may hear and determine the matter in dispute.

(6.) Notwithstanding anything contained in the Arbitration Act, 1889, or in any other Act, the court and the chief or other registrar shall not be compelled to state a special case on any question of law arising in the case, but the court or chief or other registrar, may, at the request of either party, state a case for the opinion in England or Ireland of the Supreme Court of Judicature, and in Scotland of either division of the Inner House of the Court of Session, on any question of law, and may also grant to either party such discovery as to documents and otherwise, or such inspection of documents, and in Scotland may grant such warrant for the recovery of documents and examination of havers, as

r893.

Industrial and Provident Societies Act., 1893.

Cff. 39.

163

might be granted by any court of law or equity: such discovery to be made on behalf of the society by such officer of the same as such court or registrar may determine.

Inspection of Affairs.

50. — (1.) Upon the'application of one tenth of the whole number Power to of members of a registered society, or of one hundred members in appoint the case of a society exceeding one thousand members, the chief inspector8* registrar, or, in the case of societies Registered and doing business exclusively in Scotland or Ireland, the assistant registrar for Scotland or Ireland respectively, but with the consent of the Treasury in every case, may —

(a.) appoint an inspector OR inspectors to examine into and report on the affairs of such society; or (b.) call, a special meeting of the society.

(2.) The application under this section shall be supported by such evidence, for the purpose of showing that the applicants have good reason for requiring such inspection to be made or meeting to be called, and that they are not actuated by malicious motives in their application, and such notice thereof shall be given to the society, as the chief registrar shall direct.

(3.) The chief registrar or such assistant registrar may, if he think fit, require the applicants to give security for the costs of the proposed inspection or meeting before appointing any inspector or calling eiich meeting. f

(4.) All expenses of and incidental to' any such inspection or meeting shall be defrayed by the members applying for the same, or out of the funds of the society, or by the members or officers, or former members or officers, of the society in such proportions as the chief registrar or such assistant registrar shall direct.

(5.) An inspector appointed under this section may require the production of all or any of the books, accounts, securities, and documents of the society, and may examine on oath its officers, members, agents, and servants in relation to its business, and may administer an oath accordingly.

(6.) The chief registrar or such assistant registrar may direct at what time and place a special meeting under this section is to be held, and what matters are to be discussed and determined at the meeting, and the meeting shall have all the powers of a meeting called according to the rules of the society, and shall in all cases have power to appoint its own chairman, any rule of the society to the contrary notwithstanding.

Change of Name: Amalgamation: Conversion.

51. For the purposes of this Act a special resolution shall mean Meaning of a resolution which is — SSlw

(a) passed by a majority of not less than three fourths of such members of a registered society for the time being entitled under the rules to vote as may have voted in person, or by proxy where the rules allow proxies, at any general meeting

164 Ch. 39. Industrial and Provident Societies 56 & 57 Vict.

Act, 1893.

of which notice, specifying the intention to propose the resolutions, has been duly given according to the rules; and (5) confirmed by a majority of such members for the time being entitled under the rules to vote as may have voted in person, or by proxy where the rules allow proxies, at a subsequent general meeting of which notice has been duly given, held not less than fourteen days nor more than one month from the day of the meeting at which such resolution was first passed.

At any meeting mentioned in this section a declaration by the chairman that the resolution has been carried shall be deemed conclusive evidence of the fact.

Power to change name.

52. A registered society may, by special resolution, with the approval in writing of the chief registrar, or, in the case of societies registered and doing business exclusively in Scotland or Ireland, the assistant registrar for Scotland or Ireland respectively, change its name; but no such change shall affect any right or obligation of the society, or of any member thereof, and any pending legal proceedings may be continued by or against the society notwithstanding its new name.

Amalgamation 53. — (1.) Any two or more registered societies may, by special

»od transfer of resolution of both or all such societies, become amalgamated engagemen s. t0ge^.jier one society, with or without any dissolution or division of the funds of such societies or either of them, and the property of such societies shall become vested in the amalgamated society without the necessity of any form of conveyance other than that contained in the special resolution amalgamating the societies.

(2.) Any registered society may by special resolution transfer ita engagements to any other registered society which may undertake to fulfil the engagements of such society.

Convention of 54. — (1.) A registered society may by special resolution/deter-comoaDTUt0 mine to convert itself into a company under the Companies Acts, c or to amalgamate with or transfer its engagements to any such

company.

(2.) If a special resolution for converting a registered society into a company contains the particulars by the Companies Acts required to be contained in the memorandum of association of a company, and a copy thereof has been registered at the central office, a copy of such resolution under the seal or stamp of the central office shall have the same effect as a memorandum of association duly signed and attested under the said Act.

(3.) If a registered society is registered as, or amalgamates with, or transfers all its engagements to, a company, the registry of such society under this Act shall thereupon become void, and the same shall be cancelled by the chief registrar or by the assistant registrar for Scotland or Ireland under his direction; but the registration of a society as a company shall not affect any right or claim for the time being subsisting against such society, or any penalty for the time being incurred by such society; and, for the purpose of enforcing

1893.

Industrial and Provident Societies Ch. 39.

Act, 1893.

165

any such right, claim, or penalty, the society may be sued and proceeded against in the same manner as if it bad not become registered as a company; and every such right or claim, or the liability to such penalty, shall have priority, as against the property of such company, over all other rights or claims against or liabilities of such company.

55. — (1.) A company registered under the Companies Acts may, Conversion of by a special resolution, determine to convert itself into a registered con?P&nJ, nt0 society, and, for this purpose, in any case where the nominal value *°c ° 7‘ of its shares held by any member other than a registered society exceeds two hundred pounds, may, by such resolution, provide for the conversion of the excess of such share capital over two hundred pounds into a transferable loan stock bearing such rate of interest as may thereby be fixed, and repayable on such conditions only as are in such resolution determined.

(2.) A resolution for the conversion of a company into a registered society shall be accompanied by a copy of the rules of the society therein referred to, and shall appoint seven persons, members of the company, who, together with the secretary, shall sign the rules, and who may either be authorised to accept any alterations made by the registrar therein, without further consulting the company, or may be required to lay all such alterations before the company in general meeting for acceptance as the resolution may direct.

(3.) With the rules a copy of the special resolution for conversion of the company into a registered society shall be sent to the registrar, who, upon the registration of the society, shall give to it, in addition to the acknowledgment of registry, a certificate similarly sealed or signed that the rules of the society referred to in the resolution have been registered, but in the registered name of the company as a society the word "company " shall not be used.

(4.) A copy of the resolution for the conversion of the company into a registered society under the seal of the company, together with the certificate so issued by the registrar, shall be sent for registration to the office of the Registrar of Joint Stock Companies, and, upon the registration of such resolution and certificate, the conversion shall take effect.

(5.) Upon the conversion of a company into a registered society the registry of the company under the Companies Acts shall become void, and shall be cancelled by the Registrar of Joint Stock Companies; but the registration of a company as a registered society shall not affect any right or claim for the time being subsisting against the company, or any penalty for the time being incurred by such company, and, for the purpose of enforcing any such right, claim, or penalty, the company may be sued and proceeded against in the same manner as if it had not become registered as a society. And every such right or claim, and the liability to such penalty, shall have priority as against the property of such

166

Ch. 39.

Registration of

special

resolutions.

Saving for rights of creditors.

Provisions as to dissolution of societies.

Transfer of winding up from county court.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 63.

Liability of members in winding up.

Industrial and Provident Societies 56 & 57 Yichl Act, 1893.

56. A copy of every special resolution for any of the purposes mentioned in this Act, signed by the chairman of the meeting at which the resolution was confirmed, and countersigned . by the secretary of the society, shall be sent to the central office and registered there, and until that copy is so registered the special resolution shall not take effect

57. An amalgamation or transfer of engagements in pursuance of this Act shall not prejudice any right of a creditor of any registered society party thereto.

Dissolution of Societies,

58. A registered society may be dissolved —

(a.) By an order to wind up the soeiety, or a resolution for the winding up thereof, made as is directed in regard to companies by the Companies Acts, 1862 to 1890, the provisions whereof shall apply to any such order or resolution, except that the term " registrar " shall for the purpose of such winding up have the meaning given to it by this Act; or

(6.) By the consent of three fourths of the members, testified by their signatures to an instrument of dissolution.

59. Any proceedings in the winding up of a registered society which at the passing of this Act are pending in any county court may, on application made by or on behalf of the registrar, with the consent of the Treasury, be transferred to the High Court, and thereupon the Companies (Winding-up) Act, 1890, shall, so far as applicable, apply thereto accordingly.

60. Where a registered society is wound up in pursuance of an order or resolution the liability of a present or past member of the society to contribute for payment of the debts and liabilities of the‘society, the expenses of winding up, and the adjustment of the rights of contributories amongst themselves, shall be qualified as follows: —

(a.) No individual, society, or company, who or which has ceased to be a member for one year or upwards prior to the commencement of the winding up, shall be liable to contribute;

(b.) No individual, society, or company shall be liable to contribute in respect of any debt or liability contracted after he or it ceased to be a member;

(c.) No individual, society, or company, not a member, shall be liable to contribute, unless it appears to the court that the contributions of the existing members are insufficient to satisfy the just demands on the society;

(cl.) No contribution shall be required from any individual, society, or company exceeding the amount, if any, unpaid on the shares in respect of which he or it is liable as a past or present member;

(e.) An individual, society, or company shall be taken to have ceased to be a member, in respect of any withdrawable share withdrawn, from the date of the notice or application for withdrawal.

1893.

Industrial and Provident Societies Act, 189a

Ch. 39.

167

61. Where a society is terminated by an instrument of dissolu- Provisions as . to instrument

(a.) The instrument of dissolution shall set forth the liabilities and assets of the society in detail, the number of members and the nature of their interests in the society respectively, the claims of creditors (if any) and the provisions to be made for their payment, and the intended appropriation or division of the funds and property of the society, unless the same be stated in the instrument of dissolution to be left to the award of the chief registrar;

(6.) Alterations in the instrument of dissolution may be made with the like consents as herein-before provided, and testified in the same manner;

(c.) A statutory declaration shall be made by three members and the secretary of the society that the provisions of this Act have been complied with, and shall be sent to the registrar with the instrument of dissolution; and any person knowingly making a false or fraudulent declaration in the matter shall be guilty of a misdemeanor;

(d.) The instrument of dissolution and all alterations therein shall be registered in the manner herein provided for the registry of rules, and shall be binding upon all the members of the society;

(e.) The registrar shall cause a notice of the dissolution to be advertised at the expense of the society in the Gazette and in some newspaper circulating in or about the locality in which the registered office of the society is situated; and unless, within three months from the date of the Gazette in which such advertisement appears, a member or other person interested in or having any claim on the funds of the society commences proceedings to set aside the dissolution of the society in the county court of the district where the registered office of the society is situate, and such dissolution is set aside accordingly, the society shall be legally dissolved from the date of such advertisement, and the requisite consents to the instrument of dissolution shall be considered to have been duly obtained without proof of the signatures thereto. if.) Notice shall be sent to the central office of any proceeding to set aside the dissolution of a society, not less than seven days before it is commenced, by the person by whom it is taken, or of any order setting it aside, within seven days after it is made by the society.

Offences, Penalties, and Legal.

62. It shall be an offence under this Act if society —

(1.) Fails to give any notice, send any return or document, or do or allow to be done any act or thing which the society is by this Act required to give, send, do, or allow to be done; or

(2.) Wilfully neglects or refuses to do any act or to furnish any information required for the purposes of this Act by the chief

168 Ch. 39. Industrial and Provident Societies 56 & 57 Vict.

Act, 1893.

or any other registrar or other person authorised under this Act, or does any act or thing forbidden by this Act; or (3.) Makes a return or wilfully furnishes information in any respect false or insufficient; or (4.) Carries on the business of banking when it has any withdrawable share capital, or in carrying on such business does not make out and keep conspicuously hung up such statement as is herein-before required, or makes any payment of withdrawable capital contrary to the provisions of this Act.

Offences by-societies to be also offences by officers, c.

Punishment of fraud or misappropriation.

Penalty for falsification.

Penalty for not using name of society.

63. Every offence by a society under this Act shall be deemed to have been also committed by every officer of the same bound by the rules thereof to fulfil the duty whereof such offence is a breach, or, if there be no such officer, then by every member of the committee of the same, unless such member be proved to have been ignorant of or to have attempted to prevent the commission of such offence; and every act or default under this Act constituting an offence, if continued, shall constitute a new offence in every week during which the same continues.

64. If any person obtains possession by false representation or imposition of any property of a society, or having the same in his possession withholds or misapplies the same, or wilfully applies any part thereof to purposes other than those expressed or directed in the rules of the society and authorised by this Act, he shall, on the complaint of the society, or of any member authorised by the society, or the committee thereof, or by the central office, or of the chief registrar or any assistant registrar by his authority, be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds with costs, and to be ordered to deliver up all such property or to repay all moneys applied improperly, and, in default of such delivery or repayment, or of the payment of such fine, to be imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for any time not exceeding three months; but nothing in this section shall prevent any such person from being proceeded against by way of indictment, if not previously convicted of the same offence under this Act.

65. If any person wilfully makes, orders, or allows to be made any entry or erasure in, or omission from, any balance f-heet of a registered society, or any contribution or collecting book, or any return or document required to be sent, produced, or delivered for the purposes of this Act, with intent to falsify the same, or to evade any of the provisions of this Act, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

66. If any officer of a registered society, or any person on its behalf, uses any seal purporting to be a seal of the society, whereon its name is not so engraved as aforesaid, or issues or authorises the issue of any notice, advertisement, or other official publication of the society, or signs or authorises to be signed on behalf of the society any bill of exchange, promissory note, endorsement, cheque, order for money or goods, or issues or authorises to be issued any bills of parcels, invoice, receipt, or letters of credit of the society, wherein its name is not mentioned in manner afore-

1893.

Industrial and Provident Societies Act, 1893. Ch. 39.

169

said, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, and shall further be personally liable to the holder of any such bill of exchange, promissory note, cheque, or order for money or goods for the amount thereof unless the same is duly paid by the society.

67. It shall be an offence under this Act if any person, with intent to mislead or defraud, gives to any other person a copy of any rules, other than the rules for the time being registered under this Act, on the pretence that the same are existing ‘rules of a registered society, or that there are no other rules of such society, or gives to any person a copy of any rules on the pretence that such rules are the rules of a registered society when the society is not registered.

68. Every society, officer or member of a society, or other person, guilty of an offence under this Act for which no penalty is expressly provided herein, shall be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

69. — (1.) Every fine imposed or to be imposed by this Act, or by any regulations under this Act, or by the rules of a registered society, shall be recoverable summarily.

(2.) Any such fine, if imposed by this Act or by any regulations thereunder, shall be recoverable at the suit of the chief registrar, or of any assistant registrar, or of any person aggrieved, and, if imposed by the rules of a registered society, shall be recoverable at the suit of the society.

70. — (1.) In England or Ireland any party may appeal to quarter sessions from any order or conviction made by a court of summary jurisdiction under this Act.

(2.) In Scotland any person may appeal from any order or conviction under this Act in accordance with the provisions of the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Acts.

Supplemental.

71. The registrar and high bailiffs of the county courts shall be remunerated for the duties to be performed by them under this Act in such manner as the Treasury, with the consent of the Lord Chancellor, from time to time order and direct.

72. The Treasury may appoint public auditors for the purposes of this Act, and may determine the rates of remuneration to be paid by registered societies for the services of such auditors, but the employment of such auditors shall not be compulsory.

73. — (1.) The Treasury may determine a scale of fees to be paid for matters to be transacted or for the inspection of documents under this Act.

(2.) All fees received by any registrar under or by virtue of this Act shall be paid into the Exchequer.

74. — (1.) The Treasury may make regulations respecting registry and procedure under this Act, and the forms to be used for such registry, and the duties and functions of the registrar, and the

Delivery of untrue rules.

Penalties for

ordinary

offences.

Recovery of penalties.

Appeals from

summary

decisions.

Remuneration of county court officers.

Public

auditors.

Fees.

Regulations for carrying out Act,

170 Ch. 39. Industrial and Provident Societies 56 & 57 Vict.

, 1893.

inspection of documents kept by the registrar under this Act, and generally for carrying this Act into effect.

(2.) All such - regulations shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within ten days after the making thereof if Parliament is then sitting, or, if not then sitting, then within ten days from the then next assembling of Parliament.

(3.) Until otherwise provided by such regulations, the forms contained in the Fourth Schedule to this Act shall be used.

Evidence of documents.

Duties of the registrars.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 60.

75. Every copy of rules or other instrument or document, copy or extract of an instrument or document, bearing the seal or stamp of the central office, shall be received in evidence without further proof; and every document purporting to be signed by the chief or any assistant registrar, or any inspector or public auditor under this Act* shall, in the absence of any evidence to the contrary, be received in evidence without proof of the signature.

76. Sub-sections six, seven, eight, and nine of section ten of the Friendly Societies Act, 1875, relating to the duties of the chief registrar aod assistant registrars, shall, so far as the same are applicable to industrial and provident societies, be incorporated with this Act.

Application of 77. With respect to the Channel Islands this Act shall le varied Act to Channel as follows:—

islands. (i.) As respects the island of Jersey, the following provisions

shall have effect: —

(a.) The term "county court " shall mean the court far the recovery of petty debts in all cases in which the claim or demand shall not exceed the sum of ten pounds sterling, and in all other cases the inferior number of the Royal Court of the said island, composed of the bailiff and two jurats of the said court;

(b.) The term "court of summary jurisdiction " shall have in civil cases the same meaning as the term " county court ";

(c.) All misdemeanors under this Act shall be prosecuted, tried, and punished in the form and manner prescribed by the law and custom of the said island with respect to crimes and offences (et ddits);

(d.) All other offences and all penalties under this Act shall be prosecuted and recovered summarily before the magistrate of the court for the repression of minor offences, in all cases of his competency, at the suit or instance of the bailiff of the parish in which the offence or other unlawful act shall have been committed, and in all other cases before the bailiff and two jurats of the Royal Court, at the suit or instance of Her Majesty's Procurator-General for the said island;

(e.) All penalties recovered under this Act shall be paid to the officers who by the law and practice of the said island are entitled to receive fines levied by order of the said courts respectively, and shall by such officers be accounted

i89a

Industrial and Provident Societies Act, 1893. Ch. 39,

171

for and paid to Her Majesty's Receiver General in the said island on behalf of the Crown;

(/.) The powers conferred under this Act on two justices shall be exercised by the inferior number of the Royal Court of the said island;

(g.) All proceedings under this Act in any of the courts of the said island shall be regulated according to the ordinary practice of such courts respectively, mid all penalties shall in default of payment be enforced in the same manner as fines payable to the Crown in the said island;

(A) The rules prescribed by the law of the said island with respect to appeals in civil and criminal cases shall be followed as to appeals from any orders, judgment? or convictions made in cases of summary jurisdiction under this Act;

(i.) The term "the Companies Acts " shall mean the law for the time being in force in the said island for the regulation and winding up of companies.

(2.) As respects the bailiwick of the island of Guernsey:—

(a.) The Court of Primary Instance within the bailiwick shall have all such powers and authorities as are by this Act conferred either on justices of the peace or on judges of county courts in England: Provided that a sentence may be appealed from if the case admits of an appeal, under the Orders in Council now in force within the bailiwick, but that the decision of the Royal Court when sitting in a body as a court of appeal shall be final;

(b.) When any sum of money becomes payable on the death of a member, such money shall, in default of any direction or nomination such as is contemplated by this Act, be paid to the deceased member's legal representative, according to the law of Guernsey;

(c.) All industrial and provident societies within the bailiwick shall be authorised to invest any part of their funds in the States bonds either of Guernsey or Alderney;

(d.) The term "the Companies Acts " shall mean the law for the time being in force in the said bailiwick for the regulation and winding up of companies;

(e.) All offences and penalties under this Act shall be prosecuted and recovered summarily before the court of primary jurisdiction at the suit or instance of the law officers of the Crown, or of a constable of a parish;

(/.) All penalties recovered under this Act shall be paid to the Receiver General, to be by him carried to the account of the Crown Revenue.

78. In the Channel Islands, when any sum of money becomes Payment to payable on the death of a person entitled to make a nomination under this Act, such sum shall, in default of any nomination, be members in the paid to the deceased member's legal representative according to the Channel law of the island in which such deceased member was domiciled. Islands.

172

Ch. 39.

Definitions.

RepoaL

Industrial and Provident Societies 56 & 57 Vict. Act, 1393.

79. Ia this Act, if not inconsistent with the context, the following terms shall have the meanings herein-after respectively assigned to them: —

"The registrar " shall mean, for England, the central office established by the Friendly Societies Act, 1875, and, for Scotland or Ireland, the assistant registrar of friendly societies for either country respectively; " the central office " shall mean the central office so established; and " chief registrar " and " assistant registrar " shall mean chief registrar and assistant registrar of friendly societies respectively;

"Land" shall include hereditaments and chattels real, and in Scotland heritable subjects, of whatever description;

" Property " shall include all real and personal estate (including books and papers);

" Registered society " shall mean a society registered or deemed to be registered under this Act;

" Amendment of rule " shall include a new rule, and a resolution rescinding a rule;

" Rules " shall mean the registered rules for the time being, and shall include any registered amendment of rules;

"The committee " shall mean the committee of management or other directing body of a society;

" Persons claiming through a member " shall include the heirs, executors, or administrators, and assigns of a member, and also his nominees where nomination is allowed;

" Officer " shall extend to any treasurer, secretary, member of the committee, manager, or servant, other than a servant appointed by the committee, of a society;

" Meeting " shall include (where the rules of a society so allow) a meeting of delegates appointed by members;

" Office " shall mean the registered office for the time being of a society;

" County court " shall mean, for Scotland, the sheriff court of the county, and, for Scotland, " probate or letters of administration " shall mean confirmation in cases of testate succession, and testament dative in cases of intestate succession;

"Gazette" shall mean the London Gazette for England, the Edinburgh Gazette for Scotland, and the Dublin Gazette for Ireland.

80. The enactments specified in the First Schedule hereto are hereby repealed to the extent appearing in the third column of that schedule.

1893.

Industrial and Provident Societies Act, 1893. Ch. 39.

173

SCHEDULES.

SCHEDULE L

Enactments repealed.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Extent of RepeaL

39 & 40 Vict c. 45. - The Industrial and Provident Societies Act, 1876. The whole Act

43 Vict. 0.14. - The Customs and Inland Revenue Act 1880. Section 8.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 47. - The Provident Nomina* tions and Small Intestacies Act, 1883. So much as relates to industrial and provident societies.

SCHEDULE IL

Matters to be provided for by the Rules of Societies

REGISTERED UNDER THIS ACT.

1. Object, name, and registered office of the society.

2. Terms of admission of the members, including any society or company investing funds in the society under the provisions of this Act.

3. Mode of holding meetings, scale and right of voting, and of making, altering, or rescinding rules.

4. The appointment and removal of a committee of management, by whatever name, of managers or other officers, and their respective powers and remuneration.

6. Determination of the amount of interest, not exceeding two hundred pounds sterling, in the shares of the society which any member other than a registered society may hold.

6. Determination whether the society may contract loans or receive money on deposit subject to the provisions of this Act from members or others; and, if so, under what conditions, on what security, and to what limits of amount.

7. Determination whether the shares or any of them shall be transferable; and provision for the form of transfer and registration of the shares, and for the consent of the committee thereto; determination whether the shares or any of them shall be withdrawable, and provision for the mode of withdrawal and for payment of the balance due thereon on withdrawing from the society.

8. Provision for the audit of accounts and for the appointment of auditors or a public auditor.

9. Determination whether and how members may withdraw from the society, and provision for the claim* of the representatives of deceased members, or the trustees of the property of bankrupt members, and for the payment of nominees.

10. Mode of application of profits.

11. Provisions for the custody and use of the seal of the society.

12. Determination whether, and by what authority, and in what manner, any part of the capital may be invented.

Section 80.

Section 10.

Cfl. 39.

Sections 19, 43, 44, 47.

Industrial and Provident Societies Act, 1893.

56 & 57 Vict.

SCHEDULE IIL

Form of Statement to be made out by a Society carrying on the Business of Banking.

1, Capital of the society: —

(a.) Nominal amount of each share;

(6.) Number of shares issued;

(c.) Amount paid up on shares.

' 2. Liabilities of the society on the first day of January (or July) last previous.: — r

(a.) On judgments;

(6.) On specialty;

(c.) On notes or bills;

(d.) On simple contract;

(e.) On estimated liabilities.

3. Assets of the society on the same date': —

(a.) Government, or other securities (stating them);

(5.) Bills of exchange and promissory notes;

(c.) Cash at the bankers;

(d.) Other securities.

Forms of Bond.

(1.) In England or Ireland.

(a.) Know all men by these presents, that we, of,

one of the officers of the, Limited, herein-after

referred to as " the Society, " whose registered office is at m the county of, and of

(as surety on behalf of the said A.B.), are jointly and severally held and firmly bound to the said society in the sum of,

to be paid to the said society, or their certain attorney, for which payment well and truly to be made we jointly and severally bind ourselves, and each of us by hiiriself, our and each of our heirs, executors, and administrators, firmly by these presents. Sealed with our seals. Dated the day of.

Whereas the above-bounden A.B. has been duly appointed to the office of of the Society, and he, together with the above-bounden C.D. as his surety, have entered into the above-written bond, subject to the condition herein-after contained:Now therefore the condition of the above-written bond is such, that if the said A.B. do render a just and true account of all moneys received and paid by him on account of the society, at such times as the rules thereof appoint, and do pay over all the moneys remaining in his hands, and assign and transfer or deliver all property (including books and papers) belonging to the society in his hands or custody to such person or persons as the society or the committee thereof appoint, according to the rules of the society, together with the proper and legal receipts or vouchers for such payments, then the above-written bond shall be void, but otherwise shall remain in full force.

Sealed and delivered in the presence of

(6.) Know all men by these presents that I,

of, in the county of, am firmly bound

fo, Limited, herein-after referred to as " the Society, "

whose registered office is at, in the county of,

VaOOvlL

Industrial amd Provident Societies Act, 1893. Ch. 39.

175

in the sum of pounds sterling to be paid to the said society

or their assigns, for which payment to be truly made to the said society or their certain attorney or assigns I bind myself, my heirs, executors, and administrators, by these presents sealed with my seal.

[And know further that I [we] as surety [sureties] for the above-named principal obligor and such obligor are jointly and severally bound to the society in the sum aforesaid to be paid to the society or their assigns, for which payment to be truly made to the society or their certain attorney or assigns we firmly bind ourselves and each of us our and each of our heirs, executors, and administrators by these presents sealed with our seals.]

Dated the day of 18

The condition of the above-contained bond is that if the said

faithfully execute the office of to

the society during such time as he continues to hold the same in virtue either of his present appointment, or of any renewal thereof if such office is of a renewable character [without wasting, embezzling, losing, misspending, misapplying, or unlawfully making away with any of the moneys, goods, chattels, wares, merchandise or effects' whatsoever of the said society at any time committed to his charge, custody, or keeping by reason or means of his said office], and render a true and full account of all moneys received or paid by him on its behalf as and when he is required by the committee of management of the society for the time being, and pay over all the moneys remaining in his hands from time to time, and assign, transfer, and deliver up all securities, books, papers, property, and effects whatsoever of or belonging to the society in his charge, custody, or keeping, to such person or persons as the said committee may appoint, according t* the rules or regulations of the society for the time being, together with the proper or legal receipts or vouchers for such payments; and in all other respects well and faithfully perform and fulfil the said office of to the society according to the rules thereof, then the above-contained bond shall be void and of no effect; but otherwise shall remain in full force.

Sealed and delivered by the above-named

[The words between brackets against which we have set our initials being first struck out*] in the presence of us

and *

(2.) In Scotland.

I, A.B., of, hereby bind and oblige myself to

the extent of £ at most, as cautioner and surety for C.D., a

person employed by the society, that he, the said

C.D., shall on demand faithfully and truly account for all moneys received and paid to him for behoof of the said society, and also assign and transfer or deliver all property (including books and papers) belonging to the said society in his hands or custody, aod that to such person or persons as the said society or the committee thereof appoint, according to the rules of the said society.

Dated at this day of

Signature of.

E.F. of witness.

G.H. of witness.

The above bond shall not require a testing clause or subscription clause.

* If no words are struck out in the bond or condition, strike out these words and let the witnesses set their initials in the margin.

176 Ch. 39. Industrial and Provident Societies 56 & 57 Vict.

, 1893.

Forms of Receipt to be Endorsed on Mortgage or Further

Charge.

(I.) In England or

A. — The, Limited, hereby acknowledges

to have received all moneys intended to be cecored by the within (or above) written deed. Dated this day of

1 Members

J Committee.

Secretary.

(2.) In Scotland.

B. — In the case of a heritable security other than by way of an ex-facie or

other absolute conveyance: —

The, Limited, acknowledges to

have received all moneys intended to be secured by the bond and disposition in security, dated the, and recorded on the

in the register of Sosines for for the sum of £

granted by A. [insert name and designation] in favour of the said society.

Dated at this day of one thousand eight hundred and ninety

} Members of the Committee. Secretary.

To be recorded with warrant of registration on behalf of [the person or persons entitled].

C. — In the case of a heritable security in the form of an ex-facie or other absolute conveyance or disposition: —

The, Limited, hereby acknowledges

that the disposition (or other conveyance), dated the,

and recorded the in the register of

Sasines for granted by A. [insert

designation] (or by B. [insert designation] with consent of A.) in favour of the above-named society, was intended only as a security for a loan of £ granted to A.by the said society, and for the interest, penalties,

and other# effeiring thereto; and that all moneys intended to be thereby secured have been fully paid.

(To be completed and recorded as in Form B.)

D. — In the case of a security or assurance other than a heritable security:— The, Limited, hereby acknowledges

to have received all moneys intended to be secured by the within (or above) written deed.

(To be completed as in Form B.)

(Receipts in the Forms B., C. or D. shall not require a testing or subscription clause.)

SCHEDULE IV.

Acknowledgment of Registry of Society.

The, Limited, is registered under the Industrial

and Provident Societies Act, 189, this day of

[Seal or stamp of central or signature of Assistant Registrar for Scotland or Ireland.]

Section 74.

1898. Industrial and Provident SocietiesCh. 30, 40. 177

Act, 1893.

Acknowledgment of Registry of Amendment of Rules.

The foregoing amendment of the rules of the

, Limited, is registered under the Industrial and Provident Societies Act, 189, this day of

[Seal or stamp of central office, or signature of Assistant Registrar for Scotland or ]

CHAPTER 40.

An Act to make provision for certain purposes relating to Local Loans.

[12th September 1893.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Whereas it is expedient that the principal of the several Certain debts local loans specified in the schedule hereto should, to the extent r«kone°i as of the amount specified in the last column of that schedule, not assets of local be reckoned as assets of the local loans fund established under loans fund, the National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887, therefore the principal of the said loans shall, to that extent, be written off from the account of assets of the local loans fund, and the provisions of section fifteen of the said Act shall, so far as applicable, apply thereto.

2. Whereas the Public Works Loan Commissioners advanced Provision as under the Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c. Act, 1861, to the trustees of Mevagissey Harbour, in the year one thousand eight 25" vLt' hundred and eighty-seven, and subsequent years, sums amounting c. 47. c to twenty two thousand pounds, for the purpose of constructing the breakwater and works authorised by the Mevagissey Harbour Order, 1886, and the repayment of those sums with interest is secured by mortgages of the harbour undertaking wherebj* the said sums are made repayable with interest by half-yearly payments within forty years, interest only being payable during the first three ylars:

And whereas the sum of two thousand pounds (part of the said sum of twenty-two thousand pounds) is further secured by the guarantee of John Charles Williams, Esquire, M.P., as to repayments falling due in respect thereof, within a limited period:

And whereas the whole of the said sum of twenty-two thousand pounds now remains unpaid with arrears of interest on twenty thousand pounds (part thereof), the interest on the said sum of two thousand pounds, guaranteed by the said John Charles Williams, having been duly paid:

And whereas in the year one thousand eight hundred and ninety-one the breakwater wa» practically destroyed and the harbour has been thereby rendered uiifit for navigation:

M

88 & 39 Vict. c. 89.

Provision as to Bosslare Harbour debt. 24 & 25 Vict. c. 47.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 37.

And whereas the reconstruction of the breakwater and other works necessary for the improvement of the harbour are estimated to cost thirty-two thousand pounds, and it is expedient to raise further loans and to empower the Treasury to authorise such arrangements with reference to the said advance of twenty-two thousand pounds and the securities held by the Public Works Loan Commissioners for the same as are herein-after mentioned; therefore —

(1.) The Treasury may authorise the Public Works Loan Commissioners to agree that, notwithstanding anything in the Public Works Loans Act, 1875, any loan or loans to be borrowed for the new works for the restoration of the harbour shall to such amount not exceeding in the whole the sum of twenty-two thousand pounds, and on such conditions as may seem expedient, have priority over the advances made by the Public Works Loan Commissioners before the passing of this Act, and the interest thereon, and that the guarantee given by the said John Charles Williams as aforesaid, may be released, subject to such conditions as may seem expedient, with a view to a new guarantee for a limited number of years being given by the said John Charles Williams for any new loan or some part thereof.

(2.) The Public Works Loan Commissioners may advance the said new loan or loans if they are satisfied with the sufficiency of the security for the same, irrespectively of the advances and interest hereby authorised to be postponed.

(3.) The principal sum of twenty-two thousand pounds, owing by the Mevagissey Harbour trustees as aforesaid, shall be written off from the account of assets of the local loans fund, and the provision of section fifteen of the National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887, shall, so far as applicable, apply thereto.

3. Whereas the Public Works Loan Commissioners advanced under the Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c. Act, 1861, to the Rosslare Harbour Commissioners in the year one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, and subsequent years, sums amounting together to seventy-five thousand pounds, for the purpose of constructing the viaduct, pier, and works authorised by the Ctosslare Harbour Order, 1869, and those sums were made repayable with interest at three and a quarter per cent, per annum by annuities in-fifty years:

And whereas the whole of the said principal sum of seventy-five thousand pounds, with arrears of interest, now remains unpaid, and was, by the Public Works Loans Act, 1887, written off from the account of assets of the local loans fund:

And whereas the harbour is at present producing no revenue and further money is necessary for the repair and upholding of the harbour works, and negotiations are pending for the transfer by the harbour commissioners and the Public Works Loan Commissioners of the harbour undertaking free from incumbrances to a company to be constituted for the purpose of developing the

harbour and working the same in connexion with the Waterford and Wexford Railway and the Fishguard Bay Railway and Pier Undertakings; therefore —

The Public Works Loan Commissioners may transfer the said harbour undertaking to such persons and subject to such conditions as to the Treasury may seem expedient, free from the said debt of seventy-five thousand pounds, and all interest due and to become due in respect thereof, and upon such transfer being completed the said debt shall be extinguished, and the amount thereof shall be deemed to be a free grant by Parliament.

4. This Act may be cited as the Public Works Loans (No. 2) short tirie* Act, 1893.

SCHEDULE.

PART I.

Loans by the Commissioners of Public Works, Ireland.

Amount Amount Amount to be

advanced. repaid. written off.

Loans under Land Improvement 1

Act (10 Vict. c. 32.): — £ «. d. ! £ s. d. £ s. d.

John Corkery - 60 0 0 j 1 4 4 38 15 8

James Collins - - 100 0 0 i 22 6 7 11 13 5

John Daly - 120 0 0 120 0 0

E. and J. FitzGerald . 240 0 0 | 29 8 2 210 11 10

H. Hanbury - 750 0 0 I 178 9 11 394 15 4

J. Higgins - - 100 100 0 0 0 0; I 5 11 1 I 11! 5 2 13 12 2 6

D. Lehane - ' 100 0 0 14 3 10 85 16 2

J. McDonnell - 430 0 0 71 14 257 15 6

M. IT. Morris

A. E. Whyte A. W. Smyth -Loans under Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881 (44 & 45 Vict. c. 49. s. 31): —

R. H. Benallock -Daniel Herlihy -Patrick Kearney -James Murphy Patrick Hallinane Michael Moran (Thos.)

John Kenny -Catherine Murphy Samnel Ross -Catherine McMahon James Mehan -Peter Cannon Hugh Sweeney James Shea Patrick Conway John Burke Martin Dooher-James Farrell Jeremiah Murphy Michael O'Shea -Bernard Sweeney Michal Mean

150

215

260

103 2 10

74 8 4 123 17 2

41 11 11 119 15 0 8 14 10

150 0 0 17 11 9 132 8 3

150 0 0 12 9 9 137 10 3

70 0 0 9 18 8 60 1 4

72 0 0 2 5 0 69 15 0

100 0 0 13 2 8 86 17 4

50 0 0 3 10 0 46 10 0

50 0 0 3 19 11 46 0 1

30 0 0 1 11 6 28 8 6

125 0 0 6 2 11 118 17 1

80 0 0 6 4 7 73 15 5

80 0 0 0 4 5 79 15 7

35 0 0 0 15 7 34 4 5

50 0 0 2 10 5 47 9 7

100 0 0 10 10 11 89 9 1

20 0 0 0 12 6 19 7 6

48 0 0 1 17 6 46 2 6

10 0 0 0 9 5 9 10 7

50 0 0 8 12 4 2 10 5

176 0 0 25 8 11 132 7 8

50 0 0 8 16 7 46 3 5

65 0 0 4 16 2 60 3 10

70 0 0 — 70 0 0

75 0 0 Die 5 19, 49. Sle69 0 2

A

180

1 Amount advanced. Amount | repaid. |, Amount to be | written off.

Loans under Arterial Drainage Acta: — William Good -R. Weldon - - 1 A s. 788 10 0 671 15 7 £ a. 98 9 7 £ a. d. 646 7 5 671 15 7

Loans to Railway Companies: — Waterford and Wexford Railway Company. 1 58,000 0 0 1 1 38,000 0 0

— Amount advanced. Amount repaid. ! Amount written off under 51 & 53 Vict. c. 39. and 55., and 56 Vict. c. 61. 1 1 Amount to be now written | off. 1

I Clare Slob Reclamation. 1 1 £ a.d. 180, 651 0 0 £ a. d. 205 17 8 1 £ a. ! 180, 886 0 0 £ s. d. 59 2 4

PART n.

Loans by the Irish Land Commission.

— Amount advanced. Amount repaid. l Amount to be ! written off. 1

‘ ! Loans to tenants purchasing j

estates: — M. Kennedy -1 £ a. d. £ a. d. £ a. d.

C. Normoyle - - > T. Normoyle - J 9, 075 0 0 245 1 8 1, 829 18 4

PART III.

Loans by the Fishery Board for Scotland.

Loans to Fishermen under the Crofters Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1886 (49 & 50 Vict c. 29.).

District. Amount advanced. Amount repaid andrealised from sale of Boats. Amount to be written off.

£ a. I £ a. 1 d. £ a. d.

Lybster - 262 0 0 I 128 18 2 1 133 1 10

Wick - . - 1, 051 0 0 668 19 1 382 0 11

Shetland - 184 0 0 104 4 7 79 15 5

Stornoway - 1, 098 18 0 472 14 S I 621 3 4

Barra - 41 0 0 82 18 0 1 1 8 2 0

(jiOO^IC

Irish Educatiim Act, 1893. Ch. 41.

181

CHAPTER 41.

An Act to amend the Irish Education Act, 1892.

[12th September 1893.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) The advertisements require I for the purposes of section Amendment seventeen of the Irish Education Act, 1892 (herein-after called n

" the principal Act "), may be published in any three consecutive as to taking weeks in any year, and the notices required for the like purposes of land, may be served after the expiration of one month from the date of the last publication of any such advertisement.

(2.) If within one month after the making of a provisional order under the said section a petition against the order is presented to the Local Government Board for Ireland by an owner, lessee, or occupier of land proposed to be taken compulsorily, then the order shall be of no force unless and until it is confirmed by the Lord Lieutenant by Order in Council in manner provided by section twelve of the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1885, and the provisions of 48 & 49 Vict. that section relative to the procedure for the confirmation of pro- 77* visional orders shall thereupon apply to any provisional order made under the said section seventeen as if they were herein re-enacted, and in terms made applicable to the trustees therein mentioned instead of to the sanitary authority; but if no such petition is presented then the order shall come into force at the expiration of one month from the publication thereof.

(3.) Paragraph (6) of subsection two of section seventeen of the principal Act is hereby repealed.

(4.) Section eleven of the Railways Act (Ireland), 1851, shall 14 & 15 Vict. apply to plans and documents required to be deposited under the c' 70* principal Act.

2. The expression "the Commissioners " in the principal Act Meaning of

means the Commissioners of National Education. Commissioners.

3. This Act may be cited as the Irish Education Act, 1893, and Short title, shall be construed as one with the principal Act, and the principal Act and this Act may be cited together as the Irish Education Acts, 1892 and 1893.

182

Obligation of parents as to blind and deaf children.

Duty of school authority with respect to blind and deaf cbi'tlpen.

CHAPTER 42.

An Act to make better Provision for the Elementary Education of Blind and Deaf Children in England and Wales.

[12th September 1893.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) The efficient elementary instruction which under the Elementary Education Act, 1876, a parent must cause his child to receive, shall, in the case of a blind or deaf child, be construed as including instruction suitable to such a child, and the fact of a child being blind or deaf shall not of itself, except in the case of a deaf child under seven years of age, be a reasonable excuse for not causing the child to attend school, or for neglecting to provide efficient elementary instruction for the child.

(2.) In the case of a blind or deaf child, the fact that there is not within any particular distance from the residence of the child any public elementary school which the child can attend shall not of itself be a reasonable excuse for not causing the child to attend school, or for neglecting to provide efficient elementary instruction for the child.

2. — (1.) It shall be the duty of every school authority, as defined by this Act, to enable blind and deaf children resident in their district, for whose elemental y education efficient and suitable provision i9 not otherwise made, to obtain such education in some school for the time being certified by the Education Department as suitable for providing such education, and for that purpose either to establish or acquire and to maintain a school so certified, or to contribute, on such terms and to such extent as may be approved by the Education Department, towards the establishment or enlargement, alteration, and maintenance of a school so certified, or towards any of these purposes, and, where necessary or expedient, to make arrangements, subject to regulations of the Education Department, for boarding out any blind or deaf child in a home conveniently near to the certified school where the child is receiving elementary education.

(2.) Provided that the duty of a school authority under this section shall not extend to children who are —

(a) idiots or imbeciles; or

(b) resident in a workhouse or in any institution to which they have been sent by a board of guardians from a workhouse; or

(c) boarded out by guardians.

(3.) Where a school authority contributes under this section to the establishment, enlargement, or alteration of a certified school maintained by another authority, the terms approved by the Education Department shall include security for repayment of the value of the contribution, in the event of the school ceasing to be certified.

3. The terms of contribution approved by the Education Depart- Power to make ment may include provision for representation of the contributing Provis'on f?r school authority on the governing body of the school to which it re?repeu 10n* contributes, in cases where such representation appears to the Education Department to be practicable and expedient.

4. The school authority for the purposes of this Act shall Constitution

be — of school

(a) for an area under a school board, the school board; authority.

(b) for an area not under a school board, any district council established for the local government of the district comprising that area under an Act of the present or any future session of Parliament, acting through a committee of that council appointed for educational purposes, and until such a council is established, the board of guardians, or borough council or urban sanitary authority, appointing a school attendance committee for the area, acting through that committee.

5. — (1.) For the performance of their duties under this Act a Powers and school authority may, without prejudice to any other powers, ^?cho3 exercise the like powers as may be exercised by a school board for authority, the provision of school accommodation for their district, and the consent of the Education Department to the exercise of the power

of borrowing for the purposes of this Act may be given in any case in which the exercise of that power appears to the Department expedient.

(2.) The expenses of a school authority under this Act shall be paid out of the fund applicable to their general expenses, or where the school authority are a board of guardians, out of a fund to be raised out of the poor rate of the parishes for which the school attendance committee of the board act, according to the rateable value of each parish.

(3.) Two or more school authorities may combine for the performance of their duties under this Act, and, subject to the provisions of this section as to expenses, section fifty-two of the Elementary Education Act, 1870, shall apply in the case of any 33 & 34 Vict such combination as if each school authority were a school board, c- 75 *

And the enactments relating to the audit of school board accounts shall apply as if any joint body of managers appointed in pursuance of this sub-section were a school board.

(4) The Public Works Loan Commissioners may, on the recommendation of the Education Department, lend any money required for the purposes of this Act by a school authority on the security of the fund applicable to the expenses of this Act, and every such loan shall be repaid within a period not exceeding fifty years, and shall bear such rate of interest, not less than three and a half per cent, per annum, as the Treasury may authorise as being in their opinion sufficient to enable the loan to be made without loss to the Exchequer.

0. If the Education Department are satisfied, after such inquiry Provision in and such notice to a school authority or to a committee of the authority as they think expedient, that the school authority or a 0 u y y

184

school

authority.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 7S.

Condition? and effect of grant of certificate to school for blind or deaf children.

Provisions as to religious instruction.

29 & 3C Vict. c. 118.

Ch. 42. Elementary Education (and 56 & 57 Vict.

Deaf Children) Act, 1893.

committee of the authority have failed to perform their duty under this Act, the Education Department may either —

(1) proceed in manner directed by section twenty-seven of the Elementary Education Act, 1876; or

(2) order that the school authority pay to any certified school ' specified in the order, towards the expenses of any particular

child at the school, such annual or other sum as may be fixed by order of the Department, and any sum so ordered to be paid shall be a debt to the school from the school authority.

7. — (1.) A school shall not be certified by the Education Department as suitable for providing elementary education for blind or deaf children —

(a) if it is conducted for private profit; nor

(b) unless it is either managed by a school authority, or the annual expenses of its maintenance are, to the extent of not less than one third, defrayed out of sources other than local rates, or moneys provided by Parliament, and are audited and published in accordance with regulations of the Education Department; nor

(c) unless it is open at all times to the inspection of Her Majesty's Inspectors of Schools and of any visitors authorised by any school authority sending children to the school; nor

(d) unless the requirements of this Act are complied with in the case of the school.

(2.) Every school so certified (in this Act referred to as a certified school) shall be deemed to be a certified efficient school within the meaning of the Elementary Education Act, 1876, and for the purposes of section eleven of that Act may, in the case of a blind or deaf child, be treated as if it were a public elementary school.

(3.) A certificate granted in pursuance of this section shall oe annual.

(4.) For the purposes of this section there shall be included in local rates any sum received under this Act by a school authority from a parent and applied towards the general expenses of the school authority.

8. — (1.) If and so far as the school which a child is required in pursuance of this Act to attend is not a public elementary school, it must, in all matters relating to the religious instruction and observances of the child, be conducted in accordance with the rules applying to industrial schools, except that references in the Industrial Schools Act, 1866, and the rules made under it, to the Secretary of State shall be construed as references to the Education Department; and any school authority may provide and maintain for the purposes of this Act a school so conducted.

(2.) Every rule made under this section si:all be forthwith laid before both Houses of Parliament.

(3.) In selecting a school under this Act the school authority shall be guided by the rules laid down in the Industrial Schools Act, 1866, and if a child is boarded out in pursuance of this Act the school authority shall, if possible, arrange for the boarding out

' L.

1893. Ch. 42.

185

Elementary Education (Blind and Deaf Children) Act, 1893.

being with a person belonging to the religions persuasion of the child's parent.

(4.) Where a child is required in pursuance of this Act to attend any school, the child shall not be compelled to receive religious instruction contrary to the wishes of the parent, and shall, so far as practicable, have facilities for receiving religious instruction and attending religious services conducted in accordance with the parent's persuasion, which shall be duly registered on the child's admission to the school.

9. — (1.) Where a school authority incur any expense under this Liability of Act in respect of any blind or deaf child, the parent of the child oTblind shall be liable to contribute towards the expenses of the child such ^deafchild? weekly sum, if any, as, regard being had to the provisions of the Elementary Education Act, 1891, may be agreed on between the 54 & 55 Vict. school authority and the parent, or, if the parties fail to agree, as c' 56‘

may, on the application of either party, be settled by a court of summary jurisdiction, and any sum so agreed on or settled may, without prejudice to any other remedy, be recovered by the school authority summarily as a civil debt.

(2.) It shall be the duty of the school authority to enforce any order made under this section, and any sum received by a school authority under this section may be applied by the school authority in aid of their general expenses.

(3.) A court competent to make an order under this section may at any time revoke or vary any order so made.

10. — (1.) The parent of a blind or deaf child shall not, by reason Saving for of any payment made under this Act in respect of the child, be of deprived of any franchise, right, or privilege, 'or be subject to any disability or disqualification.

(2.) Payments under this Act shall not be made on condition of a child attending any certified school other than such as maybe reasonably selected by the parent, nor refused because the child atteuds or does not attend any particular certified school.

11. For the purposes of the Elementary Education Acts, 1870 to 1891, a blind or deaf bey or girl shall be deemed to be a child until the age of sixteen years; and the period of compulsory education shall, in the case of such a child, extend to sixteen years, and the attendance of such a child at school may be enforced as if it were required by byelaws made under the Elementary Education Acts, 1870 to 1891; and any such child shall not, in pursuance of any such byelaws, be entitled to total or partial exemption from the obligation to attend school.

12. Nothing in any Act of Parliament shall prevent the Education Department from giving aid from the parliamentary grant to a certified school in respect of education given to blind or deaf children to such amount and on such conditions as may be directed by pr in pursuance of the minutes of the Education Department in force for the time being.

13. — (1.) As from the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four so much of any enactment in force at

Period of education for blind and deaf.

Grants from public money towards education of blind and deaf children.

Repeal of powers of guardians to

186

Ch. 42.

Elementary Education (Blind and 56 & 57 Vict. Deaf Children) Act, 1893.

send blind or deaf children to school.

Report to be laid before Parliament.

Interpretation of terms.

Extent of Act *

that date as empowers boards of guardians to send blind or deaf children to school shall be repealed, except as to children who are —

(a) idiots or imbeciles; or

(b) resident in a workhouse or in an institution to which they have been sent by a board of guardians from a work-house; or

(c) boarded out by guardians.

(2.) Provided that, where any blind or deaf child with respect to whom the powers of guardians cease in pursuance of this section is on the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four relieved in any institution by a board of guardians, the child shall continue chargeable as if this Act had not passed, until the expiration of six months' notice to be given by the guardians, if they think fit, to the school authority of the district from which the child was sent.

14. The Education Department shall annually lay before both Houses of Parliament a report of their proceedings under this Act during the preceding year, and in that report shall give lists of the schools to which they have granted and refused certificates under this Act during the year, with their reasons for each such refusal.

15. — (1.) In this Act —

The expression "blind" means too blind to be able to read the ordinary school books used by children;

The expression "deaf" means too deaf to be taught in a class of hearing children in an elementary school;

The expression "school " includes any institution in which blind or deaf children are boarded or lodged as well as taught, and any establishment for boarding or lodging children taught in a certified school;

The expression "elementary education " may include industrial training whether given in the school which the child attends or not;

The expression "maintenance " includes clothing;

The expression "expenses, " when used in relation to a child, includes the expenses of and incidental to the attendance of the child at a school, and of and incidental to the maintenance and boarding-out of the child while so attending, and the expenses of conveying the child to or from the school;

Other expressions have, unless the contrary intention appears, the same meaning as in the Elementary Education Acts, 1870 to 1891.

(2.) For the purposes of this Act a child resident in a school or boarded out in pursuance of this Act shall be deemed to be resident in the district from which the child is sent.

16. This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland.

1893.

Elementary Education (Blind amd Ch. 42, 43. 187

Deaf Children) Act, 1893.

17. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of Commence-

January one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four. ment o(Act *

[Short title.]

18. This Act may be cited as the Elementary Education (Blind and Deaf Children) Act, 1893, and shall be read with the Elementary Education Acts, 1870 to 1891.

CHAPTER 43.

An Act to confer further powers under the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Acts, 1878 to 1892, with respect to Swine Fever.

[12th September 1893.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) Any money applicable under the Contagious Diseases Application to (Animals) (Pleuro-Pneumonia) Act, 1890, in cases of pleuro- »wine-fever of pneumonia, shall be applicable in cases of swine-fever, and any vfstone Sating powers exerciseable under that Act with respect to pleuro- to pleuropneumonia and cattle may be exercised with respect to swine-fever pneumonia, and swine, and those powers shall include power to take such 53 & 54 vict* measures under the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Acts, 1878 to c. 14.

1892, as may seem to the Board of Agriculture, or to the Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council in Ireland, necessary for preventing the spread of swine-fever.

(2.) Provided that the compensation to be paid for any animal slaughtered under the powers conferred by this section shall be the value of the animal immediately before it was slaughtered, or, if the animal was affected with disease, one-half of the value of the animal immediately before it became so affected.

(3.) Provided also that, after the expiration of the present financial year, of the money provided by Parliament for the cattle pleuropneumonia accounts under the Contagious Diseases (Animals) (Pleuro-Pneumonia) Act, 1890, not more than filty thousand pounds shall be so provided for the costs of the execution of this Act as respects swine-fever in any one year, and if in any future financial year the money standing to either of the cattle pleuro-pneumonia accounts, including the proceeds of the sale of carcases, is insufficient to defray the costs chargeable on such account the residue shall be defrayed in manner directed by subsection four of section two of the Contagious Diseases (Animals) (Pleuro-Pneumonia) Act, 1890, with respect to Great Britain, or with respect to Ireland out of the general account of the General Cattle Diseases Fund.

(4.) The definition of the expression "disease" in section five of the Contagious Diseases (Ajiimals) Act, 1878, shall include 41 & 4a Vict. swine-fever, that is to say, the disease known as typhoid fever of c* 74* swine, soldier, purples, red disease, hog cholera, or swine plague.

Ch. 43, 44.

[Commencement of Act.]

Short title and construction.

55 & 56 Vict. c. 47.

Short title and extent.

Definition.

Consignations to be entered in books kept at each sheriff court

Consignations to amount of fire pounds to be deposited in bank.

Contagious Diseases Act, 1893.

56 & 57 Vict.

(5.) Any sum standing at the commencement of this Act to the credit of the Board of Agriculture, and being the balance of sums granted in aid of the expenditure incurred by that Board in dealing with foot-and-mouth disease, shall be carried to the Cattle Pleuro-Pneumonia Account for Great Britain, and shall be applicable accordingly to any purposes to which money standing to that account is applicable.

2. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three.

3. This Act may be cited as the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1893, and shall be read with the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Acts, 1878 to 1892, and references in any Act to the Contagious Diseases (Animals) (Pleuro-Pneumonia) Act, 1890, shall be construed as references to that Act as amended by the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1892, and this Act

CHAPTER 44.

An Act to make provision in regard to the Consignation of Money in the Sheriff Courts in Scotland.

[12th September 1893.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Sheriff Courts Consignations (Scotland) Act, 1893, and shall apply to Scotland only.

2. In this Act the expression "consignation " shall extend and apply to any sum of money received by any sheriff clerk for deposit or consignation in any cause or proceeding in the ordinary sheriff court, or the small debt court or debts recovery court, whether by order of court or otherwise, and shall include any sum of money lodged by way of caution or security in corroboration of any bond, civil or criminal.

3. At the principal seat of the sheriff court in each county in Scotland, and at each other place in such county at which an ordinary court is held by the sheriff substitute, all consignations shall be entered by the sheriff clerk in a book or books to b3 kept by him for the purpose in such form as the court of session may from time to time by Act of Sederunt prescribe, and it shall be the duty of the sheriff clerk to specify full particulars of each consignation, and any person interested shall be entitled, free of charge, to inspect such book at any time that he may desire to do so.

4. Within ten days after consignation is made of any sum of money amounting to not less than five pounds the sheriff clerk shall lodge the same in a bank approved by the sheriff on deposit receipt, and the deposit receipt therefor shall be taken in name of

1893.

Sheriff Courts Consignations (Scotland) Act, 1893,

Ch. 44

189

the sheriff clerk of the county and his successors in office, ond shall bear on the face of it the name of the party or parties on whose behalf it is consigned, and of the cause or proceeding or bond to which it relates.

5. The sheriff clerk shall be responsible for the safe custody of Responsibility

all consignations made with him, whether lodged on deposit receipt clork

or otherwise, and shall be bound to account for the same, with custody, interest, if any, accrued thereon, to the person having right thereto,

subject to the orders of the sheriff, and he shall be bound to keep the same distinct from any other funds in his possession. The sheriff clerk shall not be liable for any loss resulting from the failure of any bank in which any consignation shall have been lodged as aforesaid.

6. As soon as may be after the passing of this Act the sheriff of Sheriffs to every county shall, after such inquiry as he may deem necessary, determine the amount of consignations made and not paid out or pri0r con-otherwise accounted for in the name of the sheriff clerk or any of wgnation* in his deputes, or otherwise deposited in the name of any party or ^eriVclerka. agent in a cause or proceeding prior to first January one thousand eight hundred and eighty-seven; and shall certify the same to the Queen's and Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer, appending to his certificate a list of the consignations made prior to said date found by him to be still unclaimed, including any interest which may have accrued thereon; and the sheriff clerk shall, within one month after he receives a requisition to that effect from the Queen's and Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer, pay over the amount so certified to the said Remembrancer, who shall, in exchange, grant a receipt binding himself and his successors in office to relieve the sheriff clerk of any claim that may be established in respect of any sum so paid over to him.

7. On or before the first day of April one thousand eight hundred Sheriff clerks and ninety-five, each sheriff clerk shall lodge with the Queen's and

Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer a detailed return of all consigna- TOnrignatioiw tions of money made with him and his predecessors in office during with Queen's the year ending thirty-first December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-seven, and which are unclaimed at the date of the said return; and, similarly, on or before the first day of April in each succeeding year a like return of unclaimed consignations shall be made in respect of the year which shall have terminated seven years prior to the previous thirty-first December, and the sheriff clerk shall, along with the said return, pay the amount of such consignations mentioned therein, with any interest which may have accrued thereon, to the Queen's and Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer, who shall, upon such payment being made, grant a receipt binding himself and his successors in office to relieve the sheriff clerk of any claim that may be established in respect of such consignations and intr rest.

8. The Queen's and Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer shall report Cases of non-to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury any instance of ^"P^anee non-compliance with or contravention of the provisions of this Act TLionrof Act.

190 Ch. 44, 45. Sheriff Courts Corisigriations 56 & 57 VICT-

(Scotland), 1893.

which may come or be brought to his knowledge; and he or person deputed by him may at any time have access to the consignation books, and may call for exhibition of the deposit receipts, bank pass books, accounts, and all other documents applicable or relating to consigned moneys.

Payment by 9. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Remembrancer treasury from time to time to direct the Queen's and Lord to Exchequer. Treasurer's Remembrancer to pay over to the Exchequer out of the balances accumulated in his hands under the provisions of this Act. such sums as to them may seem fit.

Right to claim 10. Every person having any legal claim to the moneys to be Queen's Re- over in terms of this Act, or any part of them, shall have such

membrancer's and the like claim therein, and such and the like right to demand hands. and recover the same from the Queen's and Lord Treasurer's

Remembrancer, after payment thereof to the said Remembrancer, as from the person or persons having possession of such moneys before payment to the said Remembrancer; and an order by the court in which any consignation has been made or received, for the payment thereof, or of any part thereof, to any person or persons named, shall be sufficient warrant to the Queen's and Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer to make such payment, and such court shall continue to have jurisdiction relative to the disposal of such consignation, and the parties to the cause shall have the same rights of appeal and otherwise in case of dispute regarding the consignation, as they would have had if the money had remained in the hands of the sheriff clerk.

CHAPTER 45.

An Act to make further provision for the completion and equipment of Ships under the Naval Defence Act, 1889, and to amend that Act.

[12th September 1893.]

Most Gracious Sovereign —

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, being desirous to make further provision for the completion and equipment of the ships authorised to be built 52 & 53 Vict. under the Naval Defence Act, 1889, have cheerfully granted to c- 8- Your Majesty for those purposes the sums herein-after mentioned

as an addition to the sums already granted for those purposes, and have resolved that those sums should be raised as in this Act provided:

We do therefore humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1893.

Naval Defence , 1893. Ch. 45.

m

L — (1.) The Admiralty may expend for the purpose of dockyard shipbuilding under the Naval Defence Act, 1889, the sum of one million three hundred and fifty thousand pounds in addition to the sum of eight million six hundred and fifty thousand pounds authorised by that Act for the purpose, and the total amount authorised to be expended for the purposes of that Act shall be increased accordingly, and for the purpose of meeting this total expenditure there shall, in addition to the provision made under section three of the Naval Defence Act, 1889, be applied out of moneys provided by Parliament for navy services during the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-five, sums not exceeding in the aggregate the excess of the said total expenditure above the provision under the said section three.

(2.) The time for completion mentioned in section one of the Naval Defence Act, 1889, shall be extended to the first day of April one thousand eight hundred and ninety-five.

2. If at the end of the financial year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four any surplus remains on the Naval Defence Account out of moneys transferred thereto in pursuance of section three of the Naval Defence Act, 1889, then, notwithstanding anything in that section, that surplus may, in whole or in part, irrespective of its source, be applied in accordance with the directions of the Treasury either for the purpose of dockyard shipbuilding or for the armament of dockyard vessels, within the meaning of the Naval Defence Act, 1889, as an addition to the sum authorised by this Act to be applied for either of those purposes during the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-five, but if at the end of that year there still remains any such surplus on the Naval Defence Account, that surplus shall be paid and applied as part of the new sinking fund.

3. Notwithstanding anything in the Naval Defence Act, 1889, the armament to be provided for the contract vessels out of the sum of ten million pounds authorised by that Act need not include reserves of torpedoes and ammunition.

4. Whereas before the first day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine, certain expenditure was incurred which is properly chargeable as part of the expenditure under the Naval Defence Act, 1889: Be it therefore enacted that such expenditure may, to an amount not exceeding fifty thousand pounds, be charged as part of the expenditure duly incurred under the Naval Defence Act, 1889.

5. The powers conferred by sub-section two of section three of the Naval Defence Act, 1889, shall be, and be deemed always to have been, applicable, notwithstanding that in any financial year sums less than two million six hundred and fifty thousand pounds or six hundred thousand pounds may be or may have been provided by Parliament.

6. Sections four, five, and six of the Naval Defence Act, 1889, shall apply in the case of money applied, expended, or authorised

Increase of expenditure authorised for dockyard shipbuilding under 52 & 53 Vict. c. 8.

Application of surplus on former years for 1895.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 8.

Armament in certain cases not to include reserves.

Charge of certain expenditure before the passing of 52 & 53 Vict. c. 8.

Explanation of s. 3 (2) of 52 & 53 Vict. c. 8.

Application of ss. 4, 5, & 6 of

192

52 & 58 Vict. c. 8.

Commencement and short title.

Iune of 11, 833, 596/. oat of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the year ending 31st March 1894.

Power to the Treasury to borrow.

[Short title.]

Ch. 45, 46. Naval Defence Act, 1893. 56 & 57 Vict.

under this Act as they apply in the case of money applied, expended, or authorised under that Act.

7. This Act shall have effect from the beginning of the current financial year, and may be cited as the Naval Defence Act. 1893.

CHAPTER 46.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four.

[12th September 1893.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four the sum of eleven million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand five hundred and ninety-six pounds.

2. The Treasury may borrow from any person, and the Bank of England may advance to the Treasury, on the credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of eleven million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand five hundred and ninety-six pounds, and the Treasury shall repay the moneys so borrowed with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any sums so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

3. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 4) Act, 1893

1893.

193

Public Health (London) Act, 1891, Ch. 47, 48. Amendment Act, 1893.

CHAPTER 47.

An Act to amend the Public Health (London) Act, 1891, with respect to the Removal of Refuse.

[12th September 1893.]

WHEREAS under the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, the is & 19 Vict.

* vestries and district boards of the metropolis were empowered c-12°-to deal with the removal of street and other refuse, and provisions were contained in that Act as to the borrowing of money to defray the expenses incurred therein:

And whereas by the Public Health (London) Act, 1891, further 54 & 55 Vict. powers were conferred with respect to the removal of street and c-76, house refuse, but the effect of the said Act has been to repeal the power of vestries and district boards of borrowing money for some of those purposes, and it is expedient that the said Act should be amended:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Public Health (London) Act, 1891, Amendment Act, 1893.

2. This Act shall be read with and form part of the Public Act to be read

Health (London) Act, 1891, which is in this Act referred to as the th principal /i_*___i i i if Act#

3. Notwithstanding anything in the principal Act, expenses As to expenses incurred or to be incurred by a vestry or district board as sanitary ^J^sSeni authority for and in connexion with the provision of land, wharves, of wharves, destructors, plant, and equipment for the purposes of collection, destructor *, &c. removal, and disposal of house and street refuse, shall be and be deemed to have been expenses for the purposes of which a vestry or district board may borrow money as expenses incurred by them in the execution of the Metropolis Management Act, 1855.

And sections one hundred and eighty-three to one hundred and ninety-one (both included) of that Act shall apply and have effect accordingly.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Reformatory Schools.

[22nd September 1893.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L Where a youthful offender, who in the opinion of the court Commitment

CHAPTER 48.

of offenders between twelve

Ch. 48, 49.

Reformatory Schools Act, 1893* 56 & 57 Vict.

and sixteen years of age to reformatory schools.

Power to remand youthful offender.

Application to Scotland.

Repeal and construction. 29 & 30 Vict. c. 117.

56 & 57 Vict. c. 15.

[Short title.]

convicted, whether on indictment or by a court of summary jurisdiction, of an offence punishable with penal servitude or imprisonment, and either —

(a) appears to the court to be not less than twelve years of

age; or

(b) is proved to have been previously convicted of an offence punishable with penal servitude or imprisonment,

the court may, in addition to or in lieu of sentencing him according to law -to any punishment, order that he be sent to a certified reformatory school, and be there detained for a period of not. less than three and not more than five years, so, however, that the period is such as will in the opinion of the court expire at or before the time at which the offender will attain the age of nineteen years.

2. Without prejudice to any other powers of the court, the court may direct that the offender be taken to a prison, or to any other place, not being a prison, which the court thinks fit, and the occupier of which is willing to receive him, and be detained therein for any time not exceeding seven days, or in case of necessity for a period not exceeding fourteen days, or until an order is sooner made for his discharge or for his being sent to a reformatory school, or otherwise dealt with under this or any other Act; and the person to whom the order is addressed is hereby empowered and required to detain him accordingly, and if the offender ^escapes he may be apprehended without warrant and brought back to the place of detention.

3. In the application of this Act to Scotland the expression "court of summary jurisdiction " shall mean the sheriff or any two justices of the peace, or any magistrate or magistrates who have jurisdiction under the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Acts, sitting in open court.

4. Section fourteen of the Reformatory Schools Act, 1866, from the beginning of the section to the words "justiciary or sheriff, "' and the whole of the Reformatory Schools (Scotland) Act, 1893, are hereby repealed, and the said section shall be construed and have effect as if section one of this Act were substituted for the provisions of the said section hereby repealed.

5. This Act may be cited as the Reformatory Schools Act, 1893.

CHAPTER 49.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Appointment of County Surveyors in Ireland.

[22nd September 1893.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1893.

County Surveyors (Ireland) Act, 1893. Ch. 49, 50.

196

1. — (1.) Upon the occurrence of a vacancy in the office of Appointment

county surveyor in a county appearing to consist of two ridings in

or divisions in Schedule (A.) of the County Surveyors, &c. (Ireland) certain Act, 1861, the Lord Lieutenant may, subject to the approval of the counties, grand jury of the county, appoint one person to hold the office of 24 & 25 vict* county surveyor for both ridings or divisions of the county. c‘ 63‘

(2.) The annual salary payable to any county surveyor holding such office shall be such as the grand jury may by resolution determine, not exceeding the sum of six hundred pounds, and the provisions of section five of the said Act of 1861 shall apply to any 24 & 25 Vict such resolution and to the presentment for and payment of such c' 63‘ annual salary.

2. This Act may be cited as the County Surveyors (Ireland) Short title and

Act, 1893, and shall extend to Ireland only. extent.

CHAPTER 50.

An Act to amend the Provisions as to Payments for Light Railways in Ireland.

[22nd September 1893.]

WHEREAS by the Light Railways (Ireland) Act, 1889, and 52 & $$ Vict. the Acts amending the same, the Treasury are authorised c. 66.

to pay for the purpose of light and other railways in Ireland annual suras not exceeding in the aggregate twenty thousand pounds a year, in addition to the residue, if any, for the time being remaining unappropriated of the sum of forty thousand pounds a year mentioned in the ninth section of the Tramways and Public 46 & 47 Vict. Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883, and by section four of the Public 544 & 55 vict Accounts and Charges Act, 1891, provision is made for commuting c. 24. these annual payments:

And whereas liabilities have been incurred under those Acts to an amount which, if payable in full, may exceed by not more than, five thousand pounds per annum the payments which the Treasury were thereby empowered to make, and it is expedient to make provision for the discharge of those liabilities:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: —

1. Sub-section one of section six of the Light Railways (Ireland) Inc^a^r°[ht Act, 1889, and section four of the Public Accounts and Charges Sways* g Act, 1891, shall have effect as if the words "twenty-five thousand 52 & 53 Vict. pounds " were therein substituted for the words "twenty thousand Vict.

pounds." c. 24.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Light Railways (Ireland) Act,

1893.

196 Ch. 51, 52. Elementary Education (School 56 & 57 Vict.

Attendance), 1893.

CHAPTER 61.

An Act to amend the Elementary Education Acts with respect to the age for attendance at School.

[22nd September 1893.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Age for ex- 1. The age at which a child may, in pursuance of any byelaw TOhooUt^d ma^e un(ler the Elementary Education Acts, 1870 to 1891, obtain bc^oo atten - or partial exemption from the obligation to attend school, on

obtaining a certificate as to the standard of examination which he has reached shall be raised to eleven, and every such byelaw, so far as it provides for such exemption, shall be construed and have effect as if a reference to eleven years of age were substituted therein for a reference to a lower age, and in section seventy-four 33 & 34 Vict. of the Elementary Education Act, 1870, eleven shall be substituted for ten.

2. If any person takes a child into his employment in such manner as to prevent the child from attending school in accordance with the byelaws for the time being in force in the district in which the child resides, he shall be deemed to take the child into his employment in contravention of the Elementary Education Act, 1876, and shall be liable to a penalty accordingly.

3. Nothing in this Act shall apply in the case of any child who at the passing of this Act is under the byelaws then in force in the district in which he resides exempt wholly or partially, as the case may be, from the obligation to attend school

4. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four.

5. This Act may be cited as the Elementary Education (School Attendance) Act, 1893, and shall be read with the Elementary Education Acts, 1870 to 1891.

Penalty for employment of children before exemption from school attendance.

89 & 40 Vict c. 79.

Saving.

[Commencement of Act.]

[Short title.]

CHAPTER 52.

An Act to amend the Burghs Gas Supply (Scotland) Act, 1876.

[22nd September 1893.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Short title and con6traction.

1. This Act may be cited as the Burghs Gas Supply (Scotland) Act, 1893, and it shall be read and construed along with the Burghs Gas Supply (Scotland) Act, 1876.

1893. Burghs Gas Supply (Scotland) Ch. 52, 53. 197

Act, 1893.

2. The provisions of the eighteenth section of the recited Act, Amendment which enact that the Commissioners for executing that Act shall 'gict* not manufacture or store gas or any residual products upon any lands without the previous consent in writing of the owner, lessee, and occupier, of every dwelling-house situate within three hundred yards of the limits of such lands, shall be modified and altered to the following effect, viz.: It shall no longer be necessary to make the return to the Board of Trade required by the recited Act, but before proceeding with such manufacture or storage the Commissioners shall give notice in writing to every owner, lessee, and occupier of every dwelling-house situate within three hundred yards of the limits of the land in question and by advertisement published once a week for two weeks in any newspaper circulating within the burgh, of their intention to proceed with such manufacture and storage, and in the event of any owner, lessee, or occupier refusing or delaying to give the consent provided for in the recited Act for more man ten days after the last date of publication of such advertisement, the sheriff may, on the application of the Commissioners, and after such investigation and inquiry as he may deem necessary, by a deliverance under his hand find and declare that such consent may be dispensed with, and such deliverance shall be final and not subject to review, and the sheriff shall make such finding as to the expenses of the application as shall seem to him just in the circumstances.

It shall not be in the power of the Commissioners to renew such application until the expiration of a period of twelve months from the date of the deliverance.

In this section the word "sheriff" shall not include sheriff substitute.

CHAPTER 53.

An Act to consolidate Enactments relating to Trustees.

[22nd September 1893.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

PART I.

' Investments.

1. A trustee may, unless expressly forbidden by the instrument Authorised-(if any) creating the trust, invest any trust funds in his hands, investments-whether at the time in a state of investment or not, in manner following, that is to say:

(a.) In any of the parliamentary stocks or public funds or Government securities of the United Kingdom:

(6.) On real or heritable securities in Great Britain or Ireland:

(c.) In the stock of the Bank of England or the Bank of Ireland: /

198

Gfl. 53.

Trustee Act, 1893.

56 & 57 Vict.

(d.) In India three and a half per cent, stock and India three per cent, stock, or in any other capital stock which may at any time hereafter be issued by the Secretary of State in Council of India under the authority of Act of Parliament, and charged on the revenues of India:

(«,) In any securities the interest of which is for the time being guaranteed by Parliament:

(/.) In consolidated stock, created by the Metropolitan Board of Works, or by the London County Council, or in debenture stock created by the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District:

(g.) In the debenture or rentcharge, or guaranteed or preference . stock of any railway company in Great Britain or Ireland . incorporated by special Act of Parliament, and having during each of the ten years last past before the date of investment paid a dividend at the rate of not less than three per centum per annum on its ordinary stock:

(h.) In the stock of any railway or canal company in Great Britain or Ireland whose undertaking is leased in perpetuity or for a term of not less than two hundred years at a fixed rental to any such railway company as is mentioned in sub-section (#.), either alone or jointly with any other railway company:

(i.) In the debenture stock of any railway company in India the interest on which is paid or guaranteed by the Secretary of State in Council of India:

(j.) In the " B " annuities of the Eastern Bengal, the East Indian, and the Scinde Punjaub and Delhi Railways, and any like annuities which may at any time hereafter be created on the purchase of any other railway by the Secretary of State in Council of India, and charged on the revenues of India, and which may be authorised by Act of Parliament to be accepted by trustees in lieu of any stock held by them in the purchased railway; also in deferred annuities comprised in the register of holders of annuity Class D. and annuities comprised in the register of annuitants Class C. of the East Indian Railway Company:

(k) In the stock of any railway company in India upon which a fixed or minimum dividend in sterling is paid or guaranteed by the Secretary of State in Council of India, or upon the capital of which the interest is so guaranteed:

(I.) In the debenture or guaranteed or preference stock of any company in Great Britain or Ireland, established for the supply of water for profit, and incorporated by special Act of Parliament or by Royal Charter, and having during each of the ten years last past before the date of investment paid a dividend of not less than five pounds per centum on its ordinary stock:

(m.) In nominal or inscribed stock issued, or to be issued, by the corporation of any municipal borough having, according to the returns of the last census prior to the date of investment, a population exceeding fifty thousand, or by any county

Ti'U8tee Ac 1893. Ch. 53.

199

council, under the authority of any Act of Parliament1 or 'Provisional Order:

(n.) 'IU‘nominal or inscribed stock issued or to be issued by any commissioners incorporated by Act of Parliament for the purpose of supplying water, and having a compulsory power of levying rates over an area having, according to the returns of the last census prior to the date of investment, a population exceeding fifty thousand, provided that during each of the ten years last past before the date of investment the rates levied by such commissioners shall not have exceeded eighty per centum of the amount authorised by law to be levied:

(o.) In any of the stocks, funds, or securities for the time being authorised for the investment of cash under the control or subject to the order of the High Court, and may also from time to time vary any such investment.

2. — (1.) A trustee may under the powers of this Act invest in Purchase at a Any of the securities mentioned or referred to in section one of this Act, notwithstanding that the same may be redeemable, and that stocks, the price exceeds the redemption value.

(2.) Provided that a trustee may not under the powers of this Act purchase at a price exceeding its redemption value any stock mentioned or referred, to in sub-sections (.), (&.), (I), and (m.)

of section one, which is liable to be redeemed within fifteen years of the date of purchase at p8r or at some other fixed rate, or purchase any such stock as is mentioned or referred to in the subsections aforesaid, which is liable to be redeemed at par or at some other fixed rate, at a price exceeding fifteen per centum above par or such other fixed rate.

(3.) A trustee may retain until redemption any redeemable stock, fund, or security which may have been purchased in accordance with the powers of this Act.

3. Every power conferred by the preceding sections shall be Discretion of exercised according to the discretion of the trustee, but subject to trustee?* any consent required by the instrument, if any, creating the trust

with respect to the investment of the trust funds.

4. The preceding sections shall apply as well to trusts created Application of before as to trusts created after the passing of this Act, and the powers thereby conferred shall be in addition to the powers conferred by the instrument, if any, creating the trust.

5. — (1.) A trustee having power to invest in real securities, Enlargement unless expressly fori idden by the instrument creating the trust, of express may invest and shall be deemed to have always had power to ( tment. invest —

(a) on mortgage of property held for an unexpired term of not less than two hundred years, and not subject to a reservation of tent greater than a shilling a year, or to any right of redemption or to any condition for re-entry, except for nonpayment of rent; and

(b) on any charge, or upon mortgage of any charge, made under the Improvement of Land Act, 1864.

87 & 28 Vict. «. 114.

200

Gfl. 53.

Trustee Act, 1893.

56 & 57 VICT.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 83.

43 & 44 Vict,

c. 8.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 78.

Power to iuveftt, notwithstanding drainage charges.

10 ScU Vict. c. 32.

Trustees not to couvert in* scribed stock into certificates to bearer.

26 Sc27 Vict. c. 73.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 71.

38 & 39 Vict.

c. 83.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 59.

Ijoans and invest ncu s by trustees not chargeable as breaches of trust.

(2.) A trustee having power to invest in the mortgages or bonds of any railway company or of any other description of company may, unless the contrary is expressed in the instrument authorising the investment, invest in the debenture stock of a railway company or such other company as aforesaid.

(3.) A trustee having power to invest money in the debentures or debenture Rtock of any railway or other company may, unless the contrary is expressed in the instrument authorising the investment, invest in any nominal debentures or nominal debenture stock issued under the Local Loans Act, 1875.

(4.) A trustee having power to invest money in securities in the Isle of Man, or in securities of the government of a colony, may, unless the contrary is expressed in the instrument authorising the investment, invest in any securities of the Government of the Isle of Man, under the Isle of Man Loans Act, 1880.

(5.) A trustee having a general power to invest trust moneys in or upon the security of shares, stock, mortgages, bonds, or debentures of companies incorporated by or acting under the authority of an Act of Parliament, may invest in, or upon the security of, mortgage debentures duly issued under and in accordance with the provisions of the Mortgage Debenture Act, 1865.

6. A trustee having power to invest in the purchase of land or on mortgage of land may invest in the purchase, or on mortgage of any land, notwithstanding the same is charged with a rent under the powers of the Public Money Drainage Acts, 1846 to 1856, or the Landed Property Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1847, or by an absolute order made under the Improvement of Land Act, 1864, unless the terms of the trust expressly provide that the land to be purchased or taken in mortgage shall not be subject to any such prior charge.

7. — (1.) A trustee, unless authorised by the terms of his trust, shall not apply for or hold any certificate to bearer issued under the authority of any of the following Acts, that is to say:

(a.) The India Stock Certificate Act, 1863;

(6.) The National Debt Act, 1870;

(c.) The Local Loans Act, 1875;

(d.) The Colonial Stock Act, 1877.

(2.) Nothing in this section shall impose on the Bank of England or of Ireland, or on any person authorised to issue any such certificates, any obligation to inquire whether a person applying for such a certificate is or is not a trustee, or subject them to any liability in the event of their granting any such certificate to a trustee, nor invalidate any such certificate if granted.

8. — (1-) A trustee lending money on the security of any property on which he can lawfully lend shall not be chargeable with breach of trust by reason only of the proportion borne by the amount of the loan to the value of the property at the time when the loan was made, provided that it appears to the court that in making the loan the trustee was acting upon a report as to the value of the property made by a person whom he reasonably believed to be an able practical surveyor or valuer instructed and employed independently of

any owner of the property, whether such surveyorior valuer carried

' uoogie

Trustee Act, 1893. Ch. 53.

201

on business in the locality where the property is situate or elsewhere, and that the amount of the loan does not exceed two equal third parts of the value of the property as stated in the report, and that the loan was made under the advice of the surveyor or valuer expressed in the report.

(2.) A trustee lending money on the security of any leasehold property shall not be chargeable with breach of trust only upon the ground that in making such loan he dispensed either wholly or partly with the production or investigation of the lessor 8 title.

(3.) A trustee shall not be chargeable with breach of trust only upon the ground that in effecting the purchase of or in lending money upon the security of any property he has accepted a shorter title than the title which a purchaser is, in the absence of a special contract, entitled to require, if in the opinion of the court the title accepted be such as a person acting with prudence and caution would have accepted.

(4.) This section applies to transfers of existing securities as well as to new securities, and to investments made as well before as after the commencement of this Act, except where an action or other proceeding was pending with reference thereto on the twenty-fourth day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight.

9. — (1.) Where a trustee improperly advances trust money on a Liability or mortgage security which would at the time of the investment be a J)f,; mbyr^eaJon proper investment in all respects for a smaller sum than is actually advanced thereon the security shall be deemed an authorised investment for the smaller sum, and the trustee shall only be liable to make good the sum advanced in excess thereof with interest.

(2) This' section applies to investments made as well before as after the commencement of this Act except where an action or other proceeding was pending with reference thereto on the twenty-fourth day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight.

PART II.

Various Powers and Duties of Trustees.

Appointment of New Trustees.

10. — (1.) Where a trustee, either original or substituted, and Pow"tjjf new whether appointed by a court or otherwise, is dead, or remains out t£Eu£8, .n* ° of the United Kingdom for more than twelve months, or desires to be discharged from all or any of the trusts or powers reposed in or conferred on him, or refuses or is unfit to act therein, or is incapable of acting therein, then the person or persons nominated for the purpose of appointing new trustees by the instrument, if any, creating the trust, or if there is no such person, or no such person able and willing to act, then the surviving or continuing trustees or trustee for the time being, or the personal representatives of the last surviving or continuing trustee, may, by writing, appoint another- person or other persons to be a trustee or trustees in the place of the trustee dead, remaining out of the United Kingdom, desiring to be discharged, refusing, or being unfit or being incapable, as aforesaid.

202 Ch. 53. Trustee Act, 1893. 56 & 57 Vict.

(2.) On the appointment of a new trustee for the whole or any part of trust property — '

(a) the number of trustees may be increased; and

(b) a separate set of trustees may be appointed for any part of the trust property held on trusts distinct from those relating to any other part or parts of the trust property, notwithstanding that no new trustees or trustee are or is to be appointed for other parts of the trust property, and any existing trustee may be appointed or remain one of such separate set of trustees; or, if only one trustee was originally appointed, then one separate trustee may be so appointed for the first-mentioned part; and

(c) it shall not be obligatory to appoint more than one new trustee where only one trustee was originally appointed, or to fill up the original number of trustees where more than two trustees were originally appointed; but, except where only one trustee was originally appointed, a trustee shall not be discharged under this section from his trust unless there will be at least two trustees to perform the trust; and

(d) any assurance or thing requisite for vesting the trust property, or any part thereof, jointly in the persons who are the trustees, shall be executed or done.

(3.) Every new trustee so appointed, as well before as after all the trust property becomes by law, or by assurance/ or otherwise, vested in him, shall have the same powers, authorities, and discretions, and may in all respects act, as if he had been originally appointed a trustee by the instrument, if any, creating the trust

(4.) The provisions of this section relative to a trustee who is dead include the case of a person nominated trustee in a will but dying before the testator, and those relative to a continuing trustee include a refusing or retiring trustee, if willing to act in the execution of the provisions of this section.

(5.) This section applies only if and as far as a contrary intention is not expressed in the instrument, if any, creating the trust, and shall have effect subject to the terms of that instrument and to any provisions therein contained.

(6.) This section applies to trusts created either before or after the commencement of this Act.

lietirement of U. — (1.) Where there are more than two trustees, if one of them

trustee. by deed declares that he is desirous of being discharged from the

trust, and if his co-trustees and such other person, if any, as is empowered to appoint trustees, by deed consent to the discharge of the trustee, and to the vesting in the co-trustees alone of the trust property, then the trustee desirous of being discharged shall be deemed to have retired from the trust, and shall, by the deed, be discharged therefrom under this Act, without any new trustee being appointed in his place.

(2.) Any assurance or thing requisite for vesting the trust property in the continuing trustees alone shall be executed or done.

(3.) This section applies only if and as far as a contrary intention is not expressed in the instrument, if any, creating the trust, and shall have effect subject to the terms of that instrument and to any provisions therein contained.

1893.

Trustee Act, 1893. Ch. 53.

203

(4.) This section applies to trusts created either before or after the commencement of this Act.

12. — (1.) Where a deed by which a new trustee is appointed to perform any trust contains a declaration by the appointor to the effect that any estate or interest in any land subject to the trust, or in any chattel so subject, or the right to recover and receive any debt or other thing in action so subject, shall vest in the persons who by virtue of the deed become and are the trustees for performing the trust, that declaration shall, without any conveyance or assignment, operate to vest in those persons, as joint tenants, and for the purposes of the trust, that estate, interest, or right.

(2.) Where a deed by which a retiring trustee is discharged under this Act contains such a declaration as is in this section mentioned by the retiring and continuing trustees, and by the other person, it any, empowered to appoint trustees, that declaration shall, without any conveyance or assignment, operate to vest in the continuing trustees alone, as joint tenants, and for the purposes of the trust, the estate, interest, or right to which the declaration relates.

(3.) This section does not extend to any legal estate or interest in copyhold or customary land, or to land conveyed by way of mortgage for securing money subject to the trust, or to any such share, stock, annuity, or property as is only transferable in books kept by a company or other body, or in manner directed by or under Act of Parliament.

(4.) For purposes of registration of the deed in any registry, the person or persons making the declaration shall be deemed the conveying party or parties, and the conveyance shall be deemed to be made by him or them under a power conferred by this Act.

(5.) This section applies only to deeds executed after the thirty-first of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one.

Purchase and Sale.

13. — (1.) Where a trust for sale or a power of sale of property is vested in a trustee, he may sell or concur with any other person in selling all or any part of the property, either subject to prior charges or not, and either together or in lots, by public auction or by private contract, subject to any such conditions respecting title or evidence of title or other matter as the trustee thinks fit, with power to vary any contract for sale, and to buy in at any auction, or to rescind any contract for sale and to re-sell, without being answerable for any loss.

(2.) This section applies only if and as far as a contrary intention is not expressed in the instrument creating the trust or power, and shall have effect subject to the terms of that instrument and to the provisions therein contained.

(3.) This section applies only to a trust or power created by an instrument coming into operation after the thirty-first of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one.

14. — (1.) No sale made by a trustee shall be impeached by any beneficiary upon the ground that any of the conditions subject to which the sale was made may have been unnecessarily depreciatory.

Vesting of trust property in new or continuing trustees.

Power of trustee for sale to sell by auction, &c.

Power to sell subject to depreciatory conditions.

56 & 57 Vict.

Power to sell under

87 & 88 Vict. c. 78.

Married woman as bare trustee may convey.

Power to authorise receipt of money by banker or solicitor.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 41.

Ch. 53. Trustee Act, 1893.

unless it also appears that the consideration for the sale was thereby rendered inadequate.

(2.) No sale made by a trustee shall, after the execution of the conveyance, be impeached as against the purchaser upon the ground that any of the conditions subject to which the sale was made may have been unnecessarily depreciatory, unless it appears that the purchaser was acting in collusion with the trustee at the time when the contract for sale was made.

(3.) No purchaser, upon any sale made by a trustee, shall be at liberty to make any objection against the title upon the ground aforesaid.

(4.) This section, applies only to sales made after the twenty-fourth day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight

15. A trustee who is either a vendor or a purchaser may sell or buy without excluding the application of section two of the Vendor and Purchaser Act, 1874.

16. When any freehold or copyhold hereditament is vested in a married woman as a bare trustee she may convey or surrender it as if she were a feme sole.

Various Powers and Liabilities.

17. — (1.) A trustee may appoint a solicitor to be his agent to receive and give a discharge for any money or valuable consideration or property receivable by the trustee under' the trust, by permitting the solicitor to have the custody of, and to produce, a deed containing any such receipt as is referred to in section fifty-six of the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act, 1881; and a trustee shall not be chargeable with breach of trust by reason only of his having made or concurred in making any such appointment; and the producing of any such' deed by the solicitor shall have the same validity and effect under the said section as if the person appointing the solicitor had not been a trustee.

(2.) A trustee may appoint a banker or solicitor to be his agent to receive and give a discharge for any money payable to the trustee under or by virtue of a policy of assurance, by permitting the banker or solicitor to have the custody of and to produce the policy of assurance with a receipt signed by the trustee, and a trustee shall not be chargeable with a breach of trust by reason only of his having made or concurred in making any such appointment.

(3.) Nothing in this section shall exempt a trustee from any liability which he would have incurred if this Act had not been passed, in case he permits any such money, valuable consideration, or property to remain in the hands or under the control of the banker or solicitor for a period longer than is reasonably necessary to enable the banker or solicitor (as the case may be) to pay or transfer the same to the trustee.

(4.) This section applies only where the money or valuable consideration or property is received after the twenty-fourth day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight

Trustee Act, 1893. Ch. 53.

205

(5.) Nothing in this section shall Authorise a trustee to do anything which he is in express terms forbidden to do, or to omit anything which he is in express terms directed to do, by the instrument creating the trust

18. — (1.) A trustee may insure against loss or damage by fire Power to any building or other insurable property to any amount (including ? the amount of any insurance already on foot) not exceeding three equal fourth parts of the full value of such building or property,

and pay the premiums for such insurance out of the income thereof or out of the income of any other property subject to the same trusts, without obtaining the consent of any person who may be entitled wholly or partly to such income.

(2.) This section does not apply to any building or property which a trustee is bound forthwith to convey absolutely to any beneficiary upon being requested to do so.

(3.) This section applies to trusts created either before or after the commencement of this Act, but nothing in this section shall authorise any trustee to do anything which he is in express terms forbidden to do, or to omit to do anything which he is in express terms directed to do, by the instrument creating the trust.

19. -(1.) A trustee of any leaseholds for lives or years which Power of are renewable from time to time, either under any covenant or contract, or by custom or usual practice, may, if he thinks fit, and i^holds to shall, if thereto required by any person having any beneficial renew and interest, present or future, or contingent, in the leaseholds, use

his best endeavours to obtain from time to time a renewed lease purpose, of the same hereditaments on the accustomed and reasonable terms, and for that purpose may from time to time make or concur in making a surrender of the lease for the time being subsisting, and do all such other acts as are requisite: Provided that, where by the terms of the settlement or will the person in possession for his life or other limited interest is entitled to enjoy the same without any obligation to renew or to contribute to the expense of renewal, this section shall not apply unless the consent in writing of that person is obtained to the renewal on the part of the trustee.

(2.) If money is required to pay for the renewal, the trustee effecting the renewal may pay the same out of any money then in his hauds in trust for the persons beneficially interested in the lands to be comprised in the renewed lease, and if he has not in his hands sufficient money for the purpose, he n ay raise the money required by mortgage of the hereditaments to be comprised in the renewed lease, or of any other hereditaments for the time being subject to the uses or trusts to which those hereditaments are subject, and no peison advancing money upon a mortgage purporting to be under this power shall be bound to see that the money is wanted, or that no more is raised than is wanted for the purpose.

(3.) This section applies to trusts created either before or after the commencement of this Act, but nothing in this section shall authorise any trustee to do anything which he is in express terms

Oh; 63.

Trustee Act, 1893.

66 tc 57 Vtcr.

Power of trustee to give receipts.

Power for executors and trustees to compound, &c.

Powers of two or more trustees.

Exoneration of trustees in respect of certain powers of attorney.

forbidden to do, or to omit to do anything which he is in express terms directed to do* by the instrument creating the trust

20. — (1.) The receipt in writing of any trustee for any money, securities, or other personal property or effects payable, transferable, or deliverable to him under any trust or power' shall be a sufficient discharge for the same, and shall effectually exonerate the person paying, transferring, or delivering the same from seeing to the application or being answerable for any loss or misapplication thereof.

(2.) This section applies to trusts created either before or after the commencement of this Act.

21. — (1.) An executor or administrator may pay or allow any debt or claim on any evidence that he thinks sufficient.

(2.) An executor or administrator, or two or more trustees, acting together, or a sole acting trustee where by the instrument, if any, creating the trust a sole trustee is authorised to execute the trusts and powers thereof, may, if and as he or they may think fit, accept any composition or any security, real or personal, for any debt or for any property, real or personal, claimed, and may allow any time for payment for any debt, and may compromise, compound, abandon, submit to arbitration, or otherwise settle any debt, account, claim, or thing whatever relating to the testator's or intestate's estate or to the trust, and for any of those purposes may enter into, give, execute, and do such agreements, instruments of composition or arrangement, releases, and other things as to him or them seem expedient, without being responsible for any loss occasioned by any act or thing so done by him or them in good faith.

(3.) This section applies only if and as far as a contrary intention is not expressed in the instrument, if any, creating the trust, and shall have effect subject to the terms of that instrument, and to the provisions therein contained.

(4.) This section applies to executorships, administrator-ships and trusts constituted or created either before or after the commencement of this Act.

22. — (1.) Where a power or trust is given to or vested in two or more trustees jointly, then, unless the contrary is expressed in the instrument, if any, creating the power or trust, the same may be exercised or performed by the survivor or survivors of them for the time being.

(2.) This section applies only to trusts constituted after or created by instruments coming into operation after the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one.

23. A trustee acting or paying money in good faith under or in pursuance of any power of attorney shall not bo liable for any such act or payment by reason of the fact that at the time of the payment or act the person who gave the power of attorney was dead or had done some act to avoid the power, if this fact was not known to the trustee at the time of his so acting or paying.

Provided that nothing in this section shall affect the right of any person entitled to the money against the person to whom the pay-

Trustee Ac. 1893.

Oh* 53* *

207 '

menb is made, and that the person so. entitled shall have the same remedy against the person. to whom the payment is made as he would have had against the trustee.

24* A trustee shall, without prejudice to the provisions of the implied instrument, if any, creating the trust, be chargeable only for money indemnity of and securities actually received by him notwithstanding his signing tru8tees-any receipt for the sake of conformity, and shall be answerable and accountable only for his own acts, receipts, neglects, or defaults, and not for those of any other trustee, nor for any banker, broker, or other person with whom any trust moneys, or securities may be deposited, nor for the insufficiency or deficiency of any securities, nor for any other loss, unless the same happens through his own wilful default; and may reimburse himself, or pay or discharge! out of the trust premises, all expenses incurred in or about the execution of his trusts or powers.

PART III.

Powers of the Court.

Appointment of New Trustees and Vesting Orders.

25. — (1.) The High Court may, whenever it is expedient to Power of tbo appoint a new trustee or new trustees, and it is found inexpedient, to difficult, or impracticable so to do without the assistance of the tnwtees.neW Court, make an order for the appointment of a new trustee or new trustees either in substitution for or in addition to any existing

trustee or trustees, or although there is no existing trustee. In particular and without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provision, the Court may make an order for the appointment of a new trustee in substitution for a trustee who is convicted of felony *, or is a bankrupt.

(2.) An order under this section, and any consequential vesting order or conveyance, shall not operate further or otherwise as a discharge to any former or continuing trustee than an appointment of new trustees under any power for that purpose contained in any instrument would have operated.

(3.) Nothing in this section shall give power to appoint an executor or administrator.

26. In any of the following cases, namely: — Vesting order *

(i.) Where the High Court appoints or has appointed a new «to land.

trustee; and

(ii.) Where a trustee entitled to or possessed of any land, or entitled to a contingent right therein, either solely or jointly with any other person, —

(a) is an infant, or

(b) is out of the jurisdiction of the High Court, or

(c) cannot be found; and

(iii.) Where it is uncertain who was the survivor of two or more trustees jointly entitled to or possessed of any land; and

(iv.) Where, as to the last trustee known to have been entitled to or possessed of any land, it is uncertain whether he is living or dead; and ~ Z'"

Trustee Act, 1893.

56 & 57 Vict.

Orders as to contingent rights of unborn persons.

Vesting order in place of conveyance by infant mortgage *

Vesting order in place of conveyance by heir, or devisee of heir, &c., or personal representative of mortgagee.

Ch. 53.

(v.) Where there is no heir or personal representative to a trustee who was entitled to or possessed of land and has died intestate as to that land, or where it is uncertain who is the heir or personal representative or devisee of a trustee who was entitled to or possessed of land and is dead; and (vi.) Where a trustee jointly or solely entitled to or possessed of any land, or entitled to a contingent right therein, has been required, by or on behalf of a person entitled to require a conveyance of the land or a release of the right, to convey the land or to release the right, and has wilfully refused or neglected to convey the land or release the right for twenty-eight days after the date of the requirement; the High Court may make an order (in this Act called a vesting order) vesting the land in any such person in any such manner and for any such estate as the Court may direct, or releasing or disposing of the contingent right to such person as the Court may direct.

Provided that —

(a.) Where the order is consequential on the appointment of a new trustee the land shall be vested for such estate as the Court may direct in the persons who on the appointment are the trustees; and (b.) Where the order relates to a trustee entitled jointly with another person, and such trustee is out of the jurisdiction of the High Court or cannot be found, the land or right shall be vested in such other person, either alone or with some other person.

27. Where any land is subject to a contingent right in an unborn person or class of unborn persons who, on coming into existence would, in respect thereof, become entitled to or possessed of the land on any trust, the High Court may make an order releasing the land from the contingent right, or may make an order vesting in any person the estate to or of which the unborn person or class of unborn persons would, on coming into existence, be entitled or possessed in the land.

28. Where any person entitled to or possessed of land, or entitled to a contingent right in land, by way of security for money, is an infant, the High Court may make an order vesting or releasing or disposing of the land or right in like manner as in the case of an infant trustee.

29. Where a mortgagee of land has died without having entered into the possession or into the receipt of the rents and profits thereof, and the money due in respect of the mortgage has been paid to a person entitled to receive the same, or that last-mentioned person consents to any order for the reconveyance of the land, then the High Court may make an order vesting the land in such person or persons in such manner and for such estate as the Court may direct in any of the following cases, namely, —

(a.) Where an heir or personal representative or devisee of the mortgagee is out of the jurisdiction of the High Court or cannot be found; and

1893.

Trustee Ac, 1893. Ch. 53.

209

(6.) Where an heir or personal representative or devisee of the mortgagee on demand made by or on behalf of a person entitled to require a conveyance of the land has stated in writing that he will not convey the same or does not convey the same for the space of twenty-eight days next after a proper deed for conveying the land has been tendered to him by or on behalf of the person so entitled; and (c.) Where it is uncertain which of several devisees of the mortgagee was the survivor; and (d.) Where it is uncertain as to the survivor of several devisees of the mortgagee or as to the heir or personal representative of the mortgagee whether he is living or dead; and («.) Where there is no heir or personal representative to a mortgagee who has died intestate as to the land, or where the mortgagee has died and it is uncertain who is his heir or personal representative or devisee.

30. Where any court gives a judgment or makes an order Vesting order directing the sale or mortgage of any land, every person who is consequential entitled to or possessed of the land, or entitled to a contingent right

therein as heir, or under the will of a deceased person for payment mortgage of of whose debts the judgment was given or order made, and is, and-a party to the action or proceeding in which the judgment or order is given or made or is otherwise bound by the judgment or order, shall be deemed to be so entitled or possessed, as the case may be, as a trustee within the meaning of this Act; and the High Court may, if it thinks expedient, make an order vesting the land or any part thereof for such estate as that Court thinks fit in the purchaser or mortgagee or in any other person.

31. Where a judgment is given for the specific performance Vesting order of a contract concerning any land, or for the partition, or sale consequential in lieu of partition, or exchange, of any land, or generally where ^)nr-'glJ^Unt any judgment is given for the conveyance of any land either in performance, cases arising out of the doctrine of election or otherwise, the High &c *

Court may declare that any of the parties to the action are trustees

of the land or any part thereof within the meaning of this Act, or may declare that the interests of unborn persons who might claim under any party to the action, or under the will or voluntary settlement of any person deceased who was during his lifetime a party (o the contract or transactions concerning which the judgment is given, are the interests of persons who, on coming into existence, would be trustees within the meaning of this Act, and thereupon the High Court may make a vesting order relating to the rights of those persons, born and unborn, as if they had been trustees.

32. A vesting order under any of the foregoing provisions shall Effect of

in the case of a vesting order consequential on the appointment of vesting order‘

a new trustee, have the same effect as if the persons who before the

appointment were the trustees (if any) had duly executed all

proper conveyances of the land for such estate as the High Court

directs, or if there is no such person, or no such person of full r

O

Ch. 53.

Trustee Act, 1893.

56 & 57 Vict.

Power to appoint person to convey.

Effect of vesting order as to copyhold.

Vesting orders as to stock and choses in action.

capacity, then as if such person had existed and been of full capacity and had duly executed all proper conveyances of the land for such estate as the Court directs, and shall in every other case have the same effect ns if the trustee or other person or description or class of persons to whose rights or supposed rights the said provisions respectively relate had been an ascertained and existing person of full capacity, and had executed a conveyance or release to the effect intended by the order.

33. In all cases where a vesting order can be made under any of the foregoing provisions, the High Court may, if it is more convenient, appoint a person to convey the land or release the contingent right, and a conveyance or release by that person in conformity with the order shall have the same effect as an order under the appropriate provision.

34. — (1.) Where an order vesting copyhold land in any person is made under this Act with the consent of the lord or lady of the manor, the land shall vest accordingly without surrender or admittance.

(2.) Where an order is made under this Act appointing any person to convey any copyhold land, that person shall execute and do all assurances and things for completing the assurance of the land; and the lord and lady of the manor and every other person shall, subject to the customs of the manor and the usual payments, be bound to make admittance to the land and to do all other acts for completing the assurance thereof, as if the persons in whose place an appointment is made were free from disability and had executed and done those assurances and things.

35. — (1.) In any of the following cases, namely:—

(i.) Where the High Court appoints or has appointed a new trustee; and

(ii.) Where a trustee entitled alone or jointly with another person to stock or to a chose in action —

(a) is an infant, or

(b) is out of the jurisdiction of the High Court, or

(c) cannot be found; or

(d) neglects or refuses to transfer stock or receive the dividends or income thereof, or to sue for or recover a chose in action, according to the direction of the person absolutely entitled thereto for twenty-eight days next after a request in writing has been made to him by the person so entitled, or

(e)neglects or refuses to transfer stock or receive the

dividends or income thereof, or to sue for or recover a chose in action for twenty-eight days next after an order of the H igh Court for that purpose has been served on-him; or

(iii.) Where it is uncertain whether a trustee entitled alone or jointly with another person to stock or to a chose in action is alive or dead,

the High Court may make an order vesting the right to transfer or call for a transfer of stock, or to ^receive ttlie dividends or

V

1893.

Trustee Act, 1893. Ch. 53.

211

income thereof, or to sue for or recover a chose in action, in any such person as the Court may appoint:

Provided that —

(a.) Where the order is consequential on the appointment by the Court of a new trustee, the right shall be vested in the persons who, on the appointment, are the trustees; and

(b.) Where the person whose right is dealt with by the order was entitled jointly with another person, the right shall be vested in that last-mentioned person either alone or jointly with any other person whom the Court may appoint.

(2.) In all cases where a vesting order can be made under this section, the Court may, if it is more convenient, appoint some proper person to make or join in making the transfer.

(3.) The person in whom the right to transfer or call for the transfer of any stock is vested by an order of the Court under this Act, may transfer the stock to himself or any other person, according to the order, and the Banks of England and Ireland and all other companies shall obey every order under this section according to its tenor.

(4.) After notice in writing of an order under this section it shall not be lawful for the Bank of England or of Ireland or any other company to transfer any stock to which the order relates or to pay any dividends thereon except in accordance with the order.

(5.) The High Court may make declarations and give directions concerning the manner in which the right to any stock or chose in action vested under the provisions of this Act is to be exercised.

(6.) The provisions of this Act as to vesting orders shall apply to shares in ships registered under the Acts relating to merchant shipping as if they were stock.

36. — (1.) An order under this Act for the appointment of a new Persons trustee or concerning any land, stock, or chose in action subject to entitled to a trust, may be made on the application of any person beneficially interested in the land, stock, or chose in action, whether under disability or not, or on the application of any person duly appointed trustee thereof.

(2.) An order under this Act concerning any land, stock, or chose in action subject to a mortgage may be made on the application of any person beneficially interested in the equity of redemption, whether under disability or not, or of any person interested in the money secured by the mortgage.

37. Every trustee appointed by a court of competent juris- Powers of new

diction shall, as well before as after the trust property becomes by trustee ap-law, or by assurance, or otherwise, vested in him, have the same y

powers, authorities, and discretions, and may in all respects act as if he had been originally appointed a trustee by the instrument, if any, creating the trust.

38. The High Court may order the costs and expenses of and Power to incident to any application for an order appointing a new trustee, ^i"8^)^80n or for a vesting order, or of and incident to any such order, or any conveyance or transfer in pursuance thereof, to be paid or raised

0 2

Ch. 53.

Trustee Act, 1893.

56 & 57 - Vict.

212

Trustees of charities.

Orders made upon certain allegations to be conclusive evidence.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 5.

Application of vesting order to land out of England.

Payment into Court by trustees.

out of the land or personal estate in respect whereof the same is made, or out of the income thereof, or to be borne and paid in such manner and by such persons as to the Court may seem just.

39. The powers conferred by this Act as to vesting orders may be exercised for vesting any land, stock, or chose in action in any trustee of a charity or society over which the High Court would have jurisdiction upon action duly instituted, whether the appointment of the trustee was made by instrument under a power or by the High Court under its general or statutory jurisdiction.

40. Where a vesting order is made as to any land under this Act or under the Lunacy Act, 1890. or under any Act relating to lunacy in Ireland, founded on an allegation of the personal incapacity of a trustee or mortgagee, or on an allegation that a trustee or the heir or personal representative or devisee of a mortgagee is out of the jurisdiction of the High Court or cannot be found, or that it is uncertain which of several trustees or which of several devisees of a mortgagee was the survivor, or whether the last trustee or the heir or personal representative or last surviving devisee of a mortgagee is living or dead, or on an allegation that any trustee or mortgagee has died intestate without an heir or has died and it is not known who is his heir or personal representative or devisee, the fact that the order has been so made shall be conclusive evidence of the matter so alleged in any court upon any question as to the validity of the order; but this section shall not prevent the High Court from directing a reconveyance or the payment of costs occasioned by uny such order if improperly obtained.

41. The powers of the High Court in England to make vesting orders under this Act shall extend to all land and personal estate in Her Majesty's dominions, except Scotland.

Payment into Court by Trustees.

42. — (1.) Trustees, or the majority of trustees, having in their hands or under their control money or securities belonging to a trust, may pay the same into the High Court; and the same shall, subject to rules of Court, be dealt with according to the orders of the High Court.

(2.) The receipt or certificate of the proper officer shall be a sufficient discharge to trustees for the money or securities so paid into Court.

(3.) Where any moneys or securities are vested in any persons as trustees, and the majority are desirous of paying the same into court, but the concurrence of the other or others cannot be obtained, the High Court may order the payment into court to be made by the majority without the concurrence of the other or others; and where any such moneys or securities are deposited with any banker, broker, or other depositary, the Court may order payment or delivery of the moneys or securities to the majority of the trustees for the purpose of payment into court, and every

1893. Trustee Act, 1893. Ch. 53. 213

transfer payment and delivery made in pursuance of any such order .‘hall be valid and take effect as if the same had been made on the authority or by the act of all the persons entitled to the moneys and securities so transferred, paid, or delivered.

Miscellaneous.

43. Where in any action the High Court is satisfied that diligent Power to search has been made for any person who, in the character of trustee, is made a defendant in any action, to serve him with a trustee, process of the Court, and that he cannot be found, the Court may

hear and determine the action and give judgment therein against that person in his character of a trustee, as if he had been duly served, or had entered an appearance in the action, and had also appeared by his counsel and solicitor at the hearing, but without prejudice to any interest he may have in the matters in question in the action in any other character.

44. — (1.) Where a trustee is for the time being authorised to Power to dispose of land by way of sale, exchange, partition, or enfranchise- sanction sale ment, the High Court may sanction Ins so disposing of the land ^iierais* with an exception or reservation of any minerals, and with or separately, without rights and powers of or incidental to the working, getting,

or carrying away of the minerals, or so disposing of the minerals, with or without the said rights or powers, separately from the residue of the land.

(2.) Any such trustee, with the said sanction previously obtained, may, unless forbidden by the instrument creating the trust or direction, from time to time, without any further application to the Court, so dispose of any such land or minerals.

(3.) Nothing in this section shall derogate from any power which a trustee may have under the Settled Land Acts, 1882 to 1890, or otherwise.

45. — (1.) Where a trustee commits a breach of trust at the in- Power to make stigation or request or with the consent in writing of a beneficiary,

the High Court may, if it thinks fit, and notwithstanding that the breach of trust, beneficiary may be a married woman entitled for her separate use and restrained from anticipation, make such order as to the Court seems just, for impounding all or any part of the interest of the beneficiary in the trust estate by way of indemnity to the trustee or person claiming through him.

(2.; This section shall apply to breaches of trust committed as well before as after the passing of this Act, but shall not apply so as to prejudice any question in an action or other proceeding which was pending on the twenty-fourth day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight, and is pending at the commencement of this Act.

46. The provisions of this Act with respect to the High Court Jurisdiction of

shall, in their application to cases within the jurisdiction of a palatine and palatine court or county court, include that court, and the pro- county court8' cedure under this Act in palatine courts a: 1 hall be

Application to trustees under Settled Land Acts of provisions as to appointment o: trustees.

44 & 45 Vict c. 41.

Trust estates not affected by

trustee becoming a convict.

83 & 84 Vict. c. 23.

Indemnity.

Definitions.

Ch. 53. Trustee Act, 1893. 56 & 57 Vict.

in accordance with the Acts and rules regulating the procedure of those courts.

PART IV.

Miscellaneous and Supplemental.

47. — (1.) All the powers and provisions contained in this Act with reference to the appointment of new trustees, and the discharge and retirement of trustees, are to apply to and include trustees for the purposes of the Settled Land Acts, 1882 to 1890, whether appointed by the Court or by the settlement, or under provisions contained in the settlement.

(2.) This section applies and is to have effect with respect to an appointment or a discharge and retirement of trustees taking place before as well as after the commencement of this Act.

(3.) This section is not to render invalid or prejudice any appointment or any discharge and retirement of trustees effected before the passing of this Act, otherwise than under the provisions of the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act, 1881.

48. Property vested in any person on any trust or by way of mortgage shall not, in case of that person becoming a convict within the meaning of the Forfeiture Act, 1870, vest in any such administrator as may be appointed under that Act, but shall remain in the trustee or'mortgagee, or survive to his co-trustee or descend to his representative as if he had not become a convict; provided that this enactment shall not affect the title to the property so far as relates to any beneficial interest therein of any such trustee or mortgagee.

49. This Act, and every order purporting to be made under this Act, shall be a complete indemnity to the Banks of England and Ireland, and to all persons for any acts done pursuant thereto; and it shall not be necessary for the Bank or for any person to inquire concerning the propriety of the order, or whether the Court by which it was made had jurisdiction to make the same.

50. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, —

The expression "bankrupt " includes, in Ireland, insolvent:

The expression "contingent right, " as applied to land, includes a

contingent or executory interest, a possibility coupled with an interest, whether the object of the gift or limitation of the interest, or possibility is or is not ascertained, also a right of entry, whether immediate or future, and whether vested or contingent:

The expressions " convey " and " conveyance " applied to any person include the execution by that person of every necessary or suitable assurance for conveying, assigning, appointing, surrendering, or otherwise transferring or disposing of land whereof he is seised or possessed, or wherein he is entitled to a contingent right, either for his whole estate or for any less estate, together with the performance of all formalities required by law to the validity of the conveyance, including the acts to be performed by married women and tenants in tail in

oogT

1893.

Trustee Act, 1893. Ch. 53.

215

accordance with the provisions of the Acts for abolition of fines and recoveries in England and Ireland respectively, and also including surrendeis and other acts which a tenant of customary or copyhold lands, can himself perform preparatory to or in aid of a complete assurance of the customary or copy-hold land:

i > The expression "devisee " includes the heir of a devisee and the devisee of an heir, and any person who ima/y claim right by devolution of title of a similar description:

The expression "instrument " includes Act of Parliament:

The expression "land " includes manors and lordships, and reputed manors and lordships, and incorporeal as well as corporeal hereditaments, and any interest therein, and also an undivided share of land:

The expressions " mortgage " and " mortgagee " include and relate to every estate and interest regarded in equity as merely a security for money, and every person deriving title under the original mortgagee:

The expressions " pay " and " payment " as applied in relation to stocks and securities, and in connexion with the expression "into court " include the deposit or transfer of the same in or into court:,

The expression "possessed " applies to receipt of income of, and to any vested estate less than a life estate, legal or equitable, in possession or in expectancy, in, any land:

The expression "property " includes real and personal property, and any estate and interest in any property, real or personal, and any debt, and any thing inaotioo, and any other right or interest, whether in possession or not:

The expression "rights " includes estates and interests:

The expression "securities " includes stocks, funds, and shares; and so far as relates to payments into court has the same meaning as in the Court of Chancery (Funds) Act, 1872:35 & sc Vict.

The expression "stock " includes fully paid up shares; and, so c‘ 44' far as relates to vesting orders made by- the Court under this Act, includes any fund, annuity, or security transferable in books kept by any company or society, or by instrument of transfer either alone or accompanied by other formalities, and any share or interest therein:

The expression "transfer, " in relation to stock, includes the per-, formance and execution of every deed, power of attorney, act, and thing on the part of the transferor to effect and complete the title in the transferee:

The expression "trust " does not include the duties incident to an estate conveyed by way of mortgage; but with this exception the expressions "trust " and " trustee " include implied and constructive trusts, and cases where the trustee has a beneficial interest in the trust property, and the duties incident to the office of personal representative of a deceased person.

21G

Ch. 53.

Trustee Act, 1893.

56 & 57 Vict.

Repeal.

Extent of Act.

[Short title.]

Commencement.

Section 51.

51. The Acts mentioned in the schedule to this Act are hereby leptaled except as to Scotland to the extent mentioned in the third column of that schedule.

52. This Act does not extend to Scotland.

53. This Act may be cited as the Trustee Act, 1893.

54. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four.

SCHEDULE.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title or Extent of Repeal.

36 Geo. 3. c. 52. The Legacy Duty Act, 1796. Section thirty-two.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 101. - The Public Money Drainage Act, 1846. Section thirty-seven.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 32. - The Landed Property Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1847. Section fifty-three.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 96. - An Act for better securing trust funds, and for the relief of trustees. The whole Act.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 68. - An Act for extending to Ireland an Act passed in the last session of Parliament, entitled "An Act for better " securing trust " funds, and for the " relief of trustees." The whole Act.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 74. - An Act for the further i relief of trustees. The whole Act.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 60. - The Trustee Act, 1850- Sections seven to nineteen, twenty-two to twenty-five, twenty-nine, thirty-two to thirty-six, forty-six, forty-seven, forty-nine, fifty-four and fifty-five; also the residue of the Act except so far as relates to the Court exercising jurisdiction in lunacy in Deland.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 55. - The Trustee Act, 1852 Sections one to five, eight, and nine; also the residue of the Act except so far as relates to the Court exercising jurisdiction in lunacy in Ireland.

1893.

Trustee Act, 1893. Ch. 53.

217

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title or Extent of Repeal.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 82. - The Court of Chancery of Lancaster Act, 1854. Section eleven.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 91. - The Merchant Shipping Act Amendment Act,] 1855. | Section ten, except so far as relates to the Court exercising jurisdiction in lunacy in Ireland.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 60. - The Irish Bankrupt and Insolvent Act, 1857. Section three hundred and twenty-two.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 35. - The Law of Property Amendment Act, 1859. Sections twenty-six, thirty and thirty-one.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 38. - The Law of Property Amendment Act, 1860. Section nine.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 108. An Act to confirm certain sales, exchanges, partitions, and enfranchisements by trustees and others. The whole Act.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 73. - An Act to give further facilities to the holders of Indian stock. Section four.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 114. The Improvement of liana Act, 1864. Section sixty so far as it relates to trustees; and section sixty-one.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 78.- The Mortgage Debenture Act, 1865. Section forty.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 40. - The Partition Act, 1868 Section seven.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 71.. The National Debt Act, 1870. Section twenty-nine.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 27. - The Debenture Stock Act, 1871. The whole Act.

37 & 38 Vict. a 78. - The Vendor and Purchaser Act, 1874. Sections three and six.

38 & 39 Vict c. 83. - The Local Loans Act, 1875. Sections twenty-one and twenty-seven.

40 & 41 Vict o. 59. - The Colonial Stock Act, 1877. Section twelve.

43 & 44 Vict o. 8. - The Isle of Man Loans Act, 1880. Section seven, so far as it relates to trustees.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 41. The Conveyancing and Law of Property Act, 1881. Sections thirty-one to thirty-eight.

' 5* "

218

Ch. 58, 54.

Trustee A 1893.

56 & 57 VICTi

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title or Extent of Repeal.

45 & 46 Vict 46 Vict. c. 39. - The Conveyancing Act, 1882. Section five.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 52. - The Bankruptcy Act, 1883. Section one hundred and forty-seven,

51 & 52 Vict. c. 59.* The Trustee Act, 1888 - The whole Act, except sections one and eight.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 32. - The Trust Investment Act, 1889. The whole Act, except sections one and seven.

52 & 53 Vict 53 Vict. c. 47. - The Palatine Court of Durham Act, 1889. Section eight., -

53 & 54 Vict. c. 5. - The Lunacy Act, 1890 - Section one hundred and forty.

53 & 54 Vict 54 Vict. c. 69. - The Settled Land Act, 1890. Section seventeen.

55 & 56 Vict. c. 13. - The Conveyancing and Law of Property Act, 1892. Section six.

Enactments in First Schedule repealed.

CHAPTER 54.

An Act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing Enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary.

[22nd September 1893.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that certain enactments which may be regarded as spent, or have ceased to be in force otherwise than by express specific repeal by Parliament, or have, by lapse of time or otherwise become unnecessary, should be expressly and specifically repealed:

Re it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The enactments described in the First Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed, subject to the provisions of this Act and subject to the exceptions and qualifications in that schedule mentioned; and every part of a title, preamble, or recital specified after the words "in part, namely, " in connexion with an Act mentioned in the said schedule may be omitted from any revised edition of the statutes published by authority after the passing of this Act, and there may be added in the said edition such brief statement of the Acts, officers, persons, and things mentioned in the title, preamble, or recital, as may in consequence of such omission appear necessary.

1808.

Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1893. Ch. 54.

219

Provided as follows:

The repeal of any words or expressions of enactment described in the said schedule shall not affect the binding force, operation, or construction of any statute, or of any part of a statute, whether as respects the past or the future;

and where any enactment not comprised in the said schedule has been repealed, confirmed, revived, or perpetuated by any enactment hereby repealed, such repeal, confirmation, revivor, or per-et uation shall not be affected by the repeal effected by this Act;

and the repeal by this Act of any enactment or schedule shall not affect any enactment in which such enactment or schedule has been applied, incorporated, or referred to;

nor shall such repeal of any enactment affect any right to any hereditary revenues of the Crown, or affect any charges thereupon or prevent any such enactment from being put in force for the collection of any such revenues, or otherwise in relation thereto;

and this Act shall not affect the validity, invalidity, effect, or consequences of anything already done or suffered, — or any existing status or capacity, — or any right, title, obligation, or liability, already acquired, accrued, or incurred, or any remedy or proceeding in respect thereof, — or any release or discharge of or from any debt, penalty, obligation, liability, claim, or demand, — or any indemnity, — or the proof of any past act or thing;

nor shall this Act affect any principle or rule of law or equity, or established jurisdiction, form or course of pleading, practice, or procedure, or the general or public nature of any statute, or any existing usage, franchise, liberty, custom, privilege, restriction, exemption, office, appointment, payment, allowance, emolument, or benefit, or any prospective right, notwithstanding that the same respectively may have been in any manner affirmed, recognised, or derived by, in, or from any enactment hereby repealed;

nor shall this Act revive or restore any jurisdiction, office, duty, drawback, fee, payment, franchise, liberty, custom, liability, right, title, privilege, restriction, exemption, usage, practice, procedure, form of punishment, or other matter or thing not now existing or in force;

and this Act shall not extend to repeal any enactment so far as the same may be in force in any part of Her Majesty's dominions out of the United Kingdom, except where otherwise expressed in the said schedule.

2. If and so far as any enactment repealed by this Act applies Application or may have been by Order in Council applied to the court of the enactments county.palatine of Lancaster or to any inferior court of civil juris- in local diction, such enactment shall be construed as if it were contained courts.

in a local and personal Act Specially relating to such court and shall have effect accordingly.

3. The Second Schedule to this Act shall be substituted for so much of the Statute Law Revision Act, 1892, as relates to the Act iI; c>rLpa1|t^fct mentioned in that schedule.

[Short title.]

4. This Act may be cited as the Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1893.

SCHEDULES. FIRST SCHEDULE.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

# 30 Geo. 3. c. 46. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for settling " and ends with the words "in America."

39 Geo. 3. c. 84. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to enable " and ends with the words "Consolidated Fund."

43 Geo. 3. c. 159. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for settling " and ends with the words "in America."

47 Geo. 3. Sees. 2. c. 15. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to provide " and ends with the words "in Ireland." In part; namely, — Section five, from " and also the sum " to the end of the section. Section six. Section seven. Section eight, the words "and duties" occurring twice, and from " and keep a true " to the end of the section. Section nine, from "and of the duties" to the end of the section. Sections ten, eleven, and thirteen.

54 Geo. 3. c. 164. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for settling " and ends with the words "eminent services."

7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 28. - An Act for further improving the Administration of Justice in Criminal Cases in England. In part; namely, — Section eight, the words "at the discretion of the court ", and from " or to be " to " two y*ars." Section nine. Section eleven, the words "at the discretion of the court" twice occurring, from "or for any term" to " four years ", and from "or to be " where last occurring to " two years."

7 Will. 4. A 1 Vict. c. 84. An Act to abolish the Punishment of Death in cases of Forgery. In part; namely, — # Section three.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 88. The Piracy Act, 1837. In part; namely, — Section five.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 90. An Act to amend the Law relative to Offences punishable by Transportation for Life.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 91. An Act for abolishing the Punishment of Death in certain Cases. In part; namely, — Section two.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 94. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to exempt " and ends with the words "the Pound."

3 & 4 Vict. c. 43. An Act for repairing Blenheim Palace.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 28. - ! The Capital Punishment (Ireland) Act, 1842. In part; namely, — Section nineteen.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 76. An Act for the Government of New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land. In part; namely, — Section thirty-one, the words "her heirs or successors." Repealed as to all Her Majesty's dominions.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 18. The Parliamentary Voters Registration Act, 1843. In part; namely, — Section twenty-eight, from " but no such barrister " to " be the recorder." Section eighty-two, the words "or to take or make the oath or affirmation against bribery."

6 & 7 Vict. c. 54. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for extending " and ends with the words "said Act." In part; namely, — Section four.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 73. The Solicitors Act, 1843. In part; namely, — Second Schedule.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 91. The Charitable Loan Societies (Ireland) Act, 1843. In part; namely, — Section twelve, from " or for the rules " to the end of the section. Section twenty-seven, from "without being liable" to the end of the section. Section thirty-two, from "and no " to the end of the section.

6*7 Vict. c. 98. The Slave Trade Act, 1843. In part; namely, — Section one, the words "except only as is herein-after excepted."

7 & 8 Vict. c. 22. The Gold and Silver Wares Act, 1844. In part; namely, — Section two, the words "at the discretion of the court, either" " beyond the seas, " and from "nor less" to the end of the section.

Ch. 54. Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1893. 56 & 57 Yrcrt.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 32. The Bank Charter Act, 1844. In part; namely, — Section twenty-eight, the words "the term bank notes used, " and from shall extend " where those words first occur to " England; and " where those words next occur.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 45. The Nonconformists Chapels Act, 1844. In part; namely, — From "Be it therefore " to " of the same that."

7 & 8 Vict. c. 92. An Act to amend the Law respecting the Office of County . Coroner. In part; namely, — Section six, from lord high " to "Majesty's " and the words "him or."

7 & 8 Vict. c. 97. The Charitable Donations and Bequests Act (Ireland), 1844. In part; namely, — Section five, from the said judge " to of all."

7 & 8 Vict. c. 101. - The Poor Law Amendment Act, 1844. In part; namely, — Section fifty-four, from to alter and " to at a time."

7 & 8 Vict. c. 106. - The County Dublin Grand Jury Act, 1844. In part; namely, — Section four, the words present secretary of the grand jury, or any " and the word hereafter."

8 & 9 Vict. c. 34. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for abolishing " and ends with the words u Common Pleas."

8 & 9 Vict. c. 37. The Bankers (Ireland) Act, 1845. In part; namely, — Section thirty-two, the words the term bank note used " and from shall extend " where those words first occur to demand; and."

8 & 9 Vict. c. 38. The Bank Notes (Scotland) Act, 1845. In part; namely, — Section twenty-two, the words the term bank notes used " and from shall extend " where those words first occur to England; and."

8 & 9 Vict. c. 51. An Act the title of which begins with the words *4 An Act to enable " and ends with the words certain Cases."

8 & 9 Vict. c. 101. - j An Act the title of which begins with the words An Act to continue " and ends with the words said Acts."

Reign and Chapter. Title.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 109. - The Gaming Act, 1845. In part; namely, — Second Schedule.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 113. An Act to facilitate the admission in evidence of certain official and other documents. In part; namely, — Section four, from " or to imprisonment " to " hard labour."

8 & 9 Vict. c. 118. - The Inclosure Act, 1845. In part; namely, — Section sixty-two, from " nothing herein" to "also that."

9 & 10 Vict. c. 3. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to encourage, " and ends with the word "Works." In part; namely, — Section seventy-two, the words "at the discretion of the court."

9 & 10 Vict. c. 57. - An Act for regulating the Gauge of Railways. In part; namely, — Section two, from " or to any railway which is " to the end of the section. Sections three and five.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 67. - An Act to remove doubts concerning Citations and Services and Execution of Diligence in Scotland. In part; namely, — From "Be it therefore" to "same, that."

9 & 10 Vict. c. 68. The Church Building (Burial Service in Chapels) Act, 1846. In part; namely, — From "Be it therefore " to " authority of the same, that, " and the word "that " before " where any."

9 & 10 Vict. c. 101. - The Public Money Drainage Act, 1846. In part; namely, — Section nine, the words "in Great Britain " wherever they occur, and " for Great Britain." Section eleven, the words "as regards lands in Great Britain." Section thirteen, from " and every " to " in Ireland, " and the words "or Ireland respectively." Section fourteen, the words "as regards lands in Great Britain." Section eighteen, from or the High " to " in Ireland." Section nineteen, the words "and Ireland." Section twenty, the words "as regards land in England, " " in England " following the word "Chancery " the words "to the Lord Chancellor or Master of the Rolls " where they first occur, the words "or chief remembrancer, " " to the said Courts respectively, " " of England, " and " in their respective courts." Section twenty.two, from " and the said " where those words secondly occur, to M in Ireland."

Ch. 54. Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1893. 56 & 57 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 109. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the words "said court." In part; namely, — The whole Act except sections twenty-nine to thirty-one, and forty-five.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 59. - An Act for the better Government of Her Majesty's Australian Colonies. In part; namely, — Preamble and section one, to " herein-after mentioned, '' where those words secondly occur, and the word u said." i The words " And be it enacted, that " wherever they occur, except in sections thirty-one, thirty-three, t and thirty-five., The words " and be it enacted " in sections thirty-one, thirty-three, and thirty-five. Sections two and three so far as relates to Victoria. 1 Sections seven to ten. Section eleven, the words "after the separation of the colony of Victoria therefrom, " " after the establishment of legislative councils therein under this Act, " and the whole section so far as relates to Victoria and Western Australia. Section twelve, from " the election of " to " determination of such council." Section thirteen. Section fourteen, from "or interfere" to "thence arising, " and the whole section so far as it relates to Victoria and Western Australia. Section fifteen, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's, " from "of the United" to "Ireland, " and the whole section so far as it relates to Victoria and Western Australia. Section sixteen. Section seventeen, the words "after the establishment of the colony of Victoria, " from " and out of " where those words first occur to " this Act" where those words last occur, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's, " and from " of the United " to " Ireland." Sections eighteen and nineteen, so far as relates to Victoria, Tasmania, and South Australia. Section twenty, to " Be it enacted that." Sections twenty-one and twenty-two. Section twenty-six. Section twenty-seven, from " after " to " Act, " and the whole section so far as it relates to Victoria and Western Australia. Section twenty-eight, to " enacted that." Section thirty-two, from "after, " where it first occurs to " Victoria" where it next occurs, and from " after " where it secondly occurs to " Act " where it next occurs, and the whole section so far as it relates to Victoria and Western Australia.

1893.

Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1893. Ch. 54.

225

Reign and Chapter. Title.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 59. — cont. Section thirty-six, from "and until" to the end of the section. Section thirty-seven. Schedules, so far as they relate to Victoria, Tasmania, and South Australia. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's dominions.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 83. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to improve" and ends with the word "Council." In part; namely, — Section twenty-one.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 80. - An Act the title of which begins with the words u An Act to abolish " and ends with the words "said Court." In part; namely, — Section sixty.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 94. - The Public Revenue and Consolidated Fund Charges Act, 1854. In part; namely, — Schedule (B), the words "Salaries and allowances of officers (excepting salary of the Master of the Rolls and Masters in Ordinary and clerks and, " and the references to Geo. 4. c. 61., 6 Geo. 4. c. 30., and 4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 78.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 54. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to enable " and ends with the words "Her Majesty." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section five, to " and enacted, that." Schedule (2) so far as relates to 59 Geo. 3. c. 114., 3 Geo. 4. c. 96., and 7 & 8 Vict. c. 72. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's dominions.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 120. - The Metropolis Local Management Act, 1855. In part; namely, —

Sections two hundred and two hundred and one. Section two hundred and thirty-eight, from " and to all " to " of money, " and from " and all sums " to the end of the section. Section two hundred and fifty, so far as relates to the word "ashpit."

19 & 20 Vict c. 30. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to settle " and ends with the words "eminent services."

19 & 20 Vict. c. 43. An Act the title of which begins with the words An Act to authorize " and ends with the words "gross Revenue." In part; namely, — So much of the Act as relates to the annuities granted to the Earl of Bath and his heirs, and to the Duke of Grafton. P

226 Ctt 51 Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1893. 56 & 57 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 59. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to alter " and ends with the words "Public Revenue." In part; namely, — So much of the Act as relates to the annuities granted to the Duke of Marlborough, the Earl of Bath, and the Duke of Grafton.

aOj Vict. c. 9. - - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for settling " and ends with the words "eminent services."

21 & 22 Vict c. 95. - The Court of Probate Act, 1858. In part; namely, — Section seven.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 96. - The Larceny Act, 1861. In part; namely, — The words " with or without solitary confinement " in sections four, seven to nine, forty-four, forty-six, sixty-seven, sixty-eight, seventy-four (secondly occurring), ninety-one, ninety-five, one hundred and one. Section nine, so far as it relates to the following Acts: — 7 & 8 Geo. 4. cc. 29, 30, 9 Geo. 4. cc. 55, 56, 11 & 12 Vict. c. 59, 14 & 15 Vict. c. 92, and from " and whether" to " this Act." The words " at the discretion of the court " and from "or to be" to "confinement" in sections ten, twenty-eight to thirty, forty, forty-two, forty-three, forty-five, forty-eight, fifty, fifty-two, fifty-four to fifty-seven, sixty to sixty-two, sixty-four, sixty-nine, seventy-three, seventy-five, eighty-eight, ninety. The words " and with or without solitary confinement " in sections twelve, thirteen, sixteen, thirty-eight, thirty-nine, seventy-four, ninety-eight. The words " at the discretion of the court " in sections fifty-eight, fifty-nine, sixty-three, and seventy. Section one hundred and nineteen to " one year; and."

24 & 25 Vict. c. 97. - The Malicious Damage Act, 1861. In part; namely, — The words " with or without solitary confinement " in sections one to three, eight to ten, fourteen to twenty-one, twenty-three, twenty-six to thirty-three, forty-two to forty-eight, and fifty. The words " at the discretion of the court " and from " or to be " to " confinement " in sections eleven, forty, and forty-nine. The words " at the discretion of the court " in section twelve, and where they secondly occur in section fifty-one. The words "and with or without solitary confinement " in sections twenty-two, fifty-four, and fifty-six. Section fifty-one, from " for any term " where those words occur after " servitude " to the end of the section. Sections seventy-five to " one year; and."

1893. Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1893. Ch. 54. 227

Reign and Chapter. Title.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 98. - The Forgery Act, 1861. In pert; namely, — The words " at the discretion of the court " and from " or to be imprisoned " to " confinement " in sections one to ten, twelve, sixteen to thirty-eight, forty-seven and forty-eight Section forty-nine, the words "and with or without solitary confinement." Section fifty-two.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 99. - The Coinage Offences Act, 1861. In part; namely, — The words " at the discretion of the court " and from " or to be imprisoned " to " confinement " in sections two to seven, eleven, twelve, fourteen, eighteen, nineteen, twe'nty-one, twenty-two, twenty-four, and twenty-five. The words "and with or without solitary confinement" in sections eight to ten, thirteen, and fifteen. Section forty.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 100. - The Offences against the Person Act, 1861. In part; namely, — The words "at the discretion of the court" and from "or to be imprisoned" to " confinement" in sections eleven to fifteen, seventeen, eighteen, fifty-eight. The words " for the term of three years " in sections twenty-four, twenty-six, twenty-seven. The words " with or without solitary confinement " in sections sixteen and twenty-eight to thirty. Section sixty-four the words "and with Or without solitary confinement." Section seventy to " one year; and."

25 & 26 Vict. c. 67. - The Declaration of Title Act, 1862. In part; namely, — Section forty-two.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 102. - The Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1862. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same, as follows." Section one, to "enacted that, " the word "said" before " Counters, " before " sum " where it first and secondly occurs, and before " portion, " from " cease to be" to "same shall, " from " on the first" to "fifty-six, " and from "and the said" where those words first occur to the end of the section. Section two. Section five, to "enacted that." Section nineteen, to " enacted that, " and the words "the said Metropolitan Board otT"

Reign and Chapter. Title.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 102. — cont. Section twenty, the words "to the Metropolitan Board of Works or." Section thirty-one. Section thirty-three. Section forty, " to enacted that " and from " in the year " to " sixty-three and " and the word subsequent." Section fifty-two, the words "after the passing of this Act." Section fifty-eight, to " enacted that." Section sixty-one, to " enacted that." Section seventy-five, to " enacted that." Section seventy-nine, to " therefore enacted that." Section eighty, to "enacted that." Section eighty-seven, to " enacted that." Section ninety-four. Section ninety-six, to " enacted that." Section one hundred and five, to " enacted that." Section one hundred and seven, to "enacted that." Section one hundred and eight. Section one hundred and eleven. Section one hundred and fifteen, to " this Act, " the words "shall cease to be so vested aod " and from " and that " to the end of the section. Section one hundred and sixteen, the words "for the time being, " " Her Majesty's, " " Forests and Land Revenues, " and " her heirs or successors." Section one hundred and seventeen, the words "her heirs or successors." Schedule A.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 65. - The Clerks of the Peace Removal Act, 1864. The whole Act except as to any clerk of the peace appointed before the passing of the Local Government Act, 1888.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 35. - The Police Superannuation Act, 1865. In part; namely, — Section seven, to " competent to act: and, " the words "for their proceedings and, " and from " If the Court of Quarter " to the end of the section.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 36. - The County Voters Registration Act, 1865. In part; namely, — Section two, from " on or before " to " year, " and from " according " to " to the principal Act." Section six, from " and such last-mentioned " to the end of the section. Section ten, from " in the form " to " like effect." Schedule (B).

Reign and Chapter. Title.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 37. - The County of Sussex Act, 1865. In part; namely, — Sections one and three. Section eight, from " and a special court to the end of the section. Sections nine, ten, and twelve. Sections fourteen, fifteen, and seventeen. First Schedule.

28 A 29] Vict. c. 90. - The Metropolitan Fire Brigade Act, 1865. In part; namely, — Sections twenty-seven and twenty-eight.

28]Aj29 Vict. c. 126. - The Prison Act, 1865. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." Section two. Section seven. Section eight, to " in respect of prisons." Section fourteen, from " subject to this " to the end of the section. Section fifteen. Section eighteen, the last paragraph. Section twenty-one, from "but no rule " to the end of the section. Section twenty-two. Sections thirty-one to thirty-six. Section forty-two. Section forty-seven, to " in such notice." Section forty-eight. Section fifty-eight, from " Provided that " to the end of the section. Section sixty-six. Sections sixty-eight to seventy-four. Sections seventy-eight to eighty-two. Second and Third Schedules.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 84. - The Attorneys and Solicitors'Act (Ireland), 1866. In part; namely, — Title, the words "attorneys and." The references to attorney and attorneys throughout the Act, where used conjunctively and disjunctively with the words "solicitor " or " solicitors, " except in section two, and except in the references to the Incorporated Society in sections one and twenty-eight. Section one, from " the word attorney " to " Dublin, " and the words "of Chancery in Ireland." Section three, from " of Chancery " to " Dublin, " and from " or in Her " to " Court in Ireland." Section six, from " or be imprisoned" to "days." Section nine, from " respectively " to " Ireland." Section seventeen, from " of Chancery " to " said Courts " and the words "or judge " wherever they occur.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 84 — cont. p' Section eighteen, the -word* "the judge* of, " and from " wherein " to the end of the section. Section twenty-three, from " of Ireland " to " Dublin." Section twenty-four, the words "of Ireland, " "in Ireland" (occurring twice), "three" (before " Chief "), and "Common Pleas." Section twenty-five, the words "of Ireland " and " in Ireland." Section twenty-six, to " also that, " from " in Ireland " to " appoint, " from " or such " where those words last occur to " mentioned " where that word next occurs, and the words "of Bcer or " " and he " " is and " and " in the said Courts of Law or Equity respectively." Section twenty-seven, to "Dublin and, " the words "of such masters and, " and from " respectively " to " Courts." Section twenty-eight, the words "the Lord Chief .1 ustice of the Court of Common Pleas " " in Ireland " and " in any of Her Majesty's Courts of Law at Dublin." Section twenty-nine, from "one of the " to "thereof __ " or Section thirty-three, from " after the sixth " to " sixty-seven." Section thirty-five, the words "if an attorney " and from " to any of " to " solicitor." Section thirty-six, the words "in Ireland " and " or for such Court or judge." Section forty-three, the words "or such Court or judge?' Section forty-six, from " or who in " to " so to act." Section forty-seven, the words "of Ireland " and " in Ireland." Section forty-nine, from " in any " to the end of the section. Second Schedule, Form (A.), from "and the Court" to "solicitor" where that word next occurs, and from " in the Court " to " a solicitor '* and the words "of Chancery in Ireland."

29 & 30 Vict. c. 111. - The Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1866. In part; namely, — Section eleven, to " Provided also that."

30 & 31 Vict. c. 44. - The Chancery (Ireland) Act, 1867. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same ns follows." Section two, the definitions of "Her Majesty" "Master" "Master's Examiner, " "Bill of Complaint and bill, " " Plaintiff, " " General Order, " and " General Order of the Court." Section three so far as respects Parts II. and IV. Section four, to " provided that." Sections five and six. V

Bdgn and Chapter. Title.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 44. — cont. Section eight, from " provided " to the end of the section. Section twelve, from " or attorneys " to " Dublin, '* the words "or attorney, '* from "unless he*' to "Ireland or, " and the word "other*' Section thirteen, the words "the Master of the Bolls and " and from " respectively *' to " first junior clerks." Section fourteen, the words "or attorney." Section fifteen, the words "or attorney, " and from " of the Court " to end of section. Section seventeen, from " except " to " provided." Section twenty. Section twenty-one, the words "for the time being, " and from " on the first " to the end of the section. Section twenty-two, from "by equal portions" to "his death, " and from "Provided also" to the end of the section. Section twenty-three. Section twenty-four, from "and the salaries" to the end of the section. Section twenty-five, the words "and junior clerks, " " Commissioners of Her Majesty's " " and two junior clerks, " " in such offices, " " and junior clerk, " and " or junior clerk, " and from " and shall be " to the end of the section. Sections twenty-six to forty. Section forty-one, from " the Lord Chancellor where those words secondly occur to " option where it last occurs. Sections forty-three to one hundred and eight. Section one hundred and ten. Sections one hundred and twenty-nine to one hundred and sixty-four. Section one hundred and seventy, to " sixty-seven." Sections one hundred and seventy-one to one hundred, and ninety. Section one hundred and ninety-one, to u granted and " the word "other " and from " and the amount " to the end of the section. Sections one hundred and ninety-two and one hundred and ninety-three. Schedule (B).

30 & 31 Vict. c. 84. - The Vaccination Act of 1867. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows.* Section one. Section five, the words "out of monies provided by Parliament and" and "Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section thirty-two, the words "after the passing of this Act." Section thirty-seven, from " shall '* to " and." £ Schedule.

Reign and Chapter. Tide.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 87. - I | The Court of Chancery (Officers) Act, 1867. In part; namely, — Sections one, two, and eight.

30 & 31 Vict 31 Vict. c. 106. - The Poor Law Amendment Act, 1867. In part; namely, — Section twenty-five.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 114. - The Court of Admiralty (Ireland) Act, 1867.

In part; namely, —

Preamble, and to "same as follows."

Section two, the words "present " and " her heirs or successors."

Section three.

Section seven, to " Parliament; and."

Section ten, from "or other" to "Ireland."

Section twelve, to " Act " where that word first

occurs.

The words " Commissioners of Her Majesty's " wherever they occur in sections fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, twenty-four, forty, one hundred and twelve, one hundred and fifteen, one hundred and sixteen, and one hundred and seventeen.

Section eighteen.

Section twenty-five, from "from and after" to "operation, " and the words "attorneys at law and" occurring twice, "attorneys" where it first occurs, and " attorneys and " where they next occur.

Section forty, from " and any " to the end of the section.

Sections eighty-four to eighty-six.

Section ninety.

Section ninety-one, from " and from thence " to " Chancery and."

Sections ninety-two and ninety-three.

Sections ninety-five to one hundred and five.

Section one hundred and seven, from " Provided always" to the end of the section.

Section one hundred and eight.

Section one hundred and ten.

Section one hundred and thirteen to " Act " where it first occurs.

Sections one hundred and twenty-one to one hundred and twenty-three.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 122.

The Courts of Law Fees Act, 1867.

In part; namely, —

Sections one, two, three, eight, and nine.

Section four, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

Section five, from "and the second" to "accounts" and the word "subsequent."

The first, second, and third schedules.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

30 & 81 Vict. c. 129. The Chancery And Common Law Offices (Ireland) Act, 1867. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Sections two and three. Section four, to " Act, " and from " and the Lord " to the end of the section. Sections five and six. Section seven, from " and the said " where those words first occur to the end of the section. Section nine. Section ten, from " save such " to " abolished " where that word next occurs, and from " Provided always " to the end of the section. Sections eleven and twelve. Section nineteen, the words "or attorney " twice occurring, and from " of the High " to the end of the section. Section twenty-one, the words "the Lord Chancellor's Court or, " "Lord Chancellor and, " the word "respectively, " from " and the present " to " Bolls Court, " and the words "after the commencement of this Act." Section twenty-two, from "to the present" to " Court and, " the words "after the commencement of this Act, " and " Lord Chancellors Court." Section twenty-three, to " Act " where it first occurs, and from " Commissioners " to "Majesty's." Section twenty-four. Section twenty-five, to " direct and." Section twenty-six. Section twenty-eight, from "Provided always" to the end of the section. Sections twenty-nine to thirty-one. Section thirty-two to " enacted that." Section thirty-three to " this Act, " and from " whether " to " or not." Sections thirty-four to forty-three. Section forty-four to "repealed and." Section forty-five, the words "said Pleadings and Record Assistant." Sections forty-six and forty-seven. Section forty-eight, to " Act " where it first occurs. Section forty-nine, from " in any " to " Law or." Sections fifty to fifty-two. Section fifty-five, the word "present, " and from " and to " to " office." Section fifty-six, the words "Clerk of the Rules, " from " and any officer " to " his office, " and from " Provided always " to the end of the section. Section fifty-seven, from " and the salary " to "Fund." Sections fifty-eight to sixty. Schedules.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 181.- The Companies Act, 1867 i>: ». " In part; namely, — The words " at the discretion of the Court " in sections thirty-four to thirty-six. Section thirty-four, from " or for any " to the end of the section. Section thirty-five, from "or for any" to the end of the section. Section thirty-six, from " and not less " to the end of the section.

31A32 Vict. c. 50. - The Prisons (Scotland) Administration Acts (Lanarkshire) Amendment Act, 1868. In part; namely, — The whole Act except section one.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 110. - The Telegraph Act, 1868. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section four, the words "Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's" and "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section five, the words "duly stamped." Section eight, except sub-section seven. Section ten. Section fourteen, the words "Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section sixteen, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

82 & 33 Vict. c. 9. - The Salmon Fishery (Ireland) Act, 1869. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two to "this Act" where those words first occur, and from " notwithstanding " to " contrary." Section five. Schedule.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 10. - The Colonial Prisoners Removal Act, 1869. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

32 & 33 Vict. c. 11. - The Merchant Shipping (Colonial) Act, 1869. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Section four to "Act " where it first occurs.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 14. - The Revenue Act, 1869., In part; namely, — Section eighteen to " seventy " and the words "Her heirs and successors." Section nineteen, the words "for the time being " in sub-section (2). Section twenty to "seventy, and" and the word "subsequent." Section thirty-one, the words "assignee or other." \

Reign and Chapter. Title.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 15. - The Pensioners Civil Disabilities Belief Act, 1869. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, the first word " That."

32 & 33 YicktCi 18. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1869. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to *‘ same as follows."

32 & 33 Vict 33 Vict. c. 19. - The Stannaries Act, 1869. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Section thirteen, the words "after the passing of this Act."

- 1 it* - 1 Section twenty-seven to " enacted that." Section forty-one to " thereupon." Section forty-two to "enacted that" and the word "that " where it next occurs. Section forty-three, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section forty-five.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 21. The Corrupt Practices Commission Expenses Act, 1869. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." '

(^ ir. ^' \ Section two, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's" and the words "Commissioners of the " twice occurring.; Section three, the words "the Commissioners of" wherever they occur except where they first occur in sub-section five, and the whole of sub-section six. The words " the Commissioners of" in sections four and five. Section six, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's" and the words "the said Commissioners of " twice occurring. Section seven.

32 & 38 Vict. c# 24. - The Newspapers, Printers, and Beading Booms Repeal Act, 1869., _ In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Section one to " repealed but " and the word "said." First Schedule. Second Schedule, the words "his heirs and successors " and " Governor and Company of the."

82 & 88 Vict. c. 26. - < ' 1 ' An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to extend " and ends with the word "Purposes." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " of the same.

Ch. 54. Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1893. 56 & 57 VICT.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 27. - The Wine and Beerhouses Act, 1869. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to u as follows, that is to say." Section four to " sixty-nine." Section eight, the word "beer" after ato sell by retail." The First Schedule.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 28. The Public Parks (Ireland) Act, 1869. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

32 & 33 Vict. c. 33. - The Judicial Statistics (Scotland) Act, 1869. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section five, from" after such " to " shall thereafter, " the words " for the year ending in December one thousand eight hundred and sixty-nine, " from " before the last " to " thereafter such reports, " and the words "shall be so transmitted."

32 & 33 Vict. c. 34. - An Act to amend the Law concerning the appointment of Deputies by Stipendiary Magistrates. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

32 & 33 Vict 33 Vict. c. 36. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the word "abolished." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

32 & 33 Vict. c. 40. - The Sunday and Ragged Schools (Exemption from Rating) Act, 1869. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one to " sixty-nine."

32 & 33 Vict. c. 41. - The Poor Rate Assessment and Collection Act, 1869. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section twenty-two, from " and shall come" to the end of the section.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 42. - The Irish Church Act, 1869. In part; namely, — From "Be it therefore" to "same as follows." Sections three to six, nine, ten, and thirteen to fifteen. Sections seventeen and eighteen. Section nineteen, to " Church; and." Section twenty, from " after the first " to " seventy-one." Section twenty-one. Section twenty-three, the words "after the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one, " and from " and the Commissioners shall " to the end of the section. I LC

Reign and Chapter. Title.

32 & 33 Vict 33 Vict. c. 42. — cont. Section twenty-five, sub-section one, from u and the Commissioners shall " to the end of the sub-section, and subsections two and five. Sections twenty-nine, thirty-one, and thirty-two. Section thirty-four, from " after the first " to " seventy-one " where those words next occur, and from " and they shall not" in sub-section five to the end of that sub-section. Section thirty-six, the words "the Commissioners of." Sections forty, forty-one, and forty-three to forty-seven. Section forty-eight, from "except such sums" to the end of the section. Section forty-nine, from " after the first " to " seventy-one, " and from (t except such sums " to the end of the section. The words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's" wherever they cccur in sections fifty-nine to sixty-four. Section sixty-two, the words "said " and " by the last-mentioned Commissioners." Section sixty-six. Section seventy-two, from " Lord Lieutenant " to " of Ireland."

32 & 33 Vict. c. 43. - The Diplomatic Salaries, &c. Act, 1869. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two. Section three, from " The term Treasury " to " Treasury." Section five, to " this Act " where those words first occur. Section six, to " this Act." Section thirteen, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

32 & 33 Vict. c. 44. - The Greenwich Hospital Act, 1869. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Section one, from "and this Act" to the end of the section. Section nine, to " sixty-nine, " the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's " from " the same being " to " by this Act, " and from " commencing " to the end of the section. Section fourteen to " sixty-nine."

32 & 33 Vict. c. 45. The Union Loans Act, 1869. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section four, from " from and after " to " sixty-nine." VJv/vJVLt '

©h. 54. Statute Law Revision (Wo. 2) Act, 1893. 56 & 57 VICT.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

32 & 33 Vic *, c. 4ft. - An Act the tide of which begins with the words "An Act to abolish " and ends with the word "persons." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows.

32 & 33 Vict 33 Vict. c. 47. - The High Constables Act, 1869. In part; namely, — Preamble and to same as follows.'* Section two, to " continued, and.* -Section three, the words "after the passing of this Act."

32 & 33 Vict. c. 48. - The Companies Clauses Act, 1869. In part 5 namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

32 & 33 Tict. c. 49. - The Local Stamp Act, 1869. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section eight, the words "at the discretion of the court, " and from " for any term not less " to the end of the section.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 50. - The Medical Officers Superannuation Act (Ireland), 1869. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, the first word " That."

32 & 33 Vict. c. 51. - The County Courts Admiralty Jurisdiction Amendment Act, 1869. In part; namely, — To " same as follows." Section seven.

32 & 33 Vict c. 53. - The Cinque Ports Act, 1869. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows.

32 & 33 Vict 33 Vict. c. 54. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend and ends with the words "in Ireland." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, to " this Act." Section three, to " this Act."

32 & 33 Vict 33 Vict c. 56. - The Endowed Schools Act, 1809. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted " and to "same as follows." Section three.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 57 The Seamen's Clothing Act, 1869. In part; namely, — Preamble and to "same as follows." Section three, from "the term the" to "of Lord High Admiral. |t'zed by

Reign and Chapter. Title.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 59. - The Savings Banks Investment Act, 1869. In part; namely, — Preamble and to "as follows." Section two. The words " Commissioners of Her Majesty's " in sections four and five. Section five, the words "the Governor and Company of." Section six, the words "the Commissioners of."

32 & 33 Vict. c. 60. - The Political Offices Pension Act, 1869. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows."

Section six, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section nine, sub-section one.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 62. - The Debtors Act, 1869. In part, namely, — To " same as follows." Section three, to " Act, and." The words " after the commencement of this Act " in sections four, eight, and twenty-four. Section six, to " process in any action." Section nine. Section eleven, from " and any person " to " 1869, " and the words, " or the commencement of the liquidation, " " or commencement, " " or liquidation, " wherever they respectively occur. Section twelve, the words "or has his affairs liquidated by arrangement, " " or the commencement of the liquidation, " and " or commencement." Section fourteen, from " or liquidation " to " 1869." Section twenty, to " Act; and."

32 & S3 Vict. c. 63. - The Metropolitan Poor Amendment Act, 1869. In part; namely, — ' Preamble, and to "same as follows." ✓

32 & S3 Vict c. 67. - The Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section five, from " the first " to " Act and " where those words next occur, and the word "subsequent."; Section fifty-five to "Act and" where those words j first occur, and the word "subsequent."

32 & 33 Vict 33 Vict. c. 68. - The Evidence Further Amendment Act, 1869. 1 In part; namely, — | Preamble, and to "same as follows."

32 & 33 Vict. c. 69* -; The Jamaica Loans Act, 1869. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two, to " referred to as." Section ten and the schedule.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 72. - The Drainage and Improvement of Lands Amendment Act, Ireland, 1869. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section eight, to " this Act."

32 & 83 Vict 83 Vict. c. 73. - The Telegraph Act, 1869. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to u same as follows." Section four, the words "from and after the passing of this Act." Section seven, to " this Act, " and the words "Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section eight. Section nine, the words "or required." The words " Commissioners of Her Majesty's " wherever they occur in sections thirteen to fifteen, nineteen and twenty-one. Section fifteen, the words "under the hands" and the words "Governor and Company of the " where they last occur. Section eighteen, the words "Governor and Company of the." Section twenty-two. Schedule.

32 & 33 Vict 33 Vict. c. 74. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to extend " and ends with the words "public trusts." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, the first word " That, " and the words "Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section three to " this Act." Section four to " this Act " where those words first occur. Section five to " this Act " where those words first occur, and from " and the secretary " to the end of the section.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 77. The Basses Lights Act, 1869.

32 & 33 Vict 33 Vict. c. 79. - The Local Officers Superannuation Act, (Ireland), 1869. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." The words "or other Chief Governor of Ireland" wherever they occur.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 80. - The Militia (Ireland) Act, 1869. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, from " or other chief" to " time being."

32 & 33 Vict. c. 81. - The Volunteer Act, 1869. In part; namely, — From " Bo it enacted " to " same as follows."

Reign and Chapter. Tide.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 82. - The Metropolitan Building Act, 1869. In part; namely, — Preamble and to "same as follows.*' Section three. Section four, the words "on the commencement of this Act and the word "thereafter."

32 & 33 Vict. c. 83. - The Bankruptcy Repeal and Insolvent Court Act, 1869. The whole Act, except as to any business of the Insolvent Debtors Court still pending at the passing of this Act.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 84. - | An Act to abolish the office of Cursitor of the Court of Chancery in the palatine of Durham. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, the words "from and after the passing of this Act" twice occurring.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 86. - The Parliamentary Returns Act, 1869. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section three, from " Commissioners " to "Majesty's."

32 & 33 Vict. c. 87. - The Prevention of Gaming (Scotland) Act, 1869. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

32 & 33 Vict. c. 8$. - An Act for the separation of the Straits Settlements from the Diocese of Calcutta.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 89. - The Clerks of Assize, &c. Act, 1869. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." The words " after the passing of this Act " in sections three and eleven. The words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's" in sections four, five, and seven.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 91. - The Courts of Justice (Salaries and Funds) Act, 1869. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two. Section three, so far as relates to the Treasury. Section eight, to " Chancery Lane." Section ten, to " Act " where it first occurs. Section eleven, from " If under any Act " to the end i of the section. Section twelve, to "Act" where it first occurs. Section thirteen, to " Act " where it first occurs. Section fifteen, from " and occupied " to " Commission " and the words "Her Majesty's " and " and ! Public Buildings " respectively occurring twice. 1 Section twenty-nine. Q

Reign and Chapter. Title.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 92. - The Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1869. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Sections three and four. Section five to " this Act where those words first occur. Section six to "this Act" where those words first occur. Section eight to " this Act " where those words first oceur. Section nine to " this Act " where those words first occur, and the words "Commissioners of the."

32 & 33 Vict c. 94. - The New Parishes Acts and Church Building Acts Amendment Act, 1869. In part; namely, — To " same as follows." Section ten to " repealed, hut."

32 & 33 Vict c. 97. - An Act to amend in certain respects the Act for the better Government of India. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, to "this Act." Section two, from "who shall " to " so appointed." Section six, from " and it shall " to the end of the section. Section eight, the words "after the passing of this Act."

32 & 33 Vict. c. 98. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to define " and ends with the words "certain purposes." In part; namely, — Preamble, from " And whereas" to "same as follows.* Section one, to "this Act'* and the words "Her heirs and successors." Section three, the words "eighty-one, eighty-two, eighty-three" and "eighty-five" where it last occurs.

32 & 33 Vict c. 101. - The Canada (Rupert's Land) Loan Act, 1869. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

32 & 33 Vict. c. 102. - The Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1869. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two, so far as relates to the Treasury. Section three, to " Act " where it first occurs. Section eight. Section twenty, from " or be imprisoned " to the end of the section. Section twenty-nine. Section thirty, to " such account, and." Section thirty-eight, the words, "after the passing of this Act." C

Reign and Chapter. Title.

32 & 33 Vict. c403. - The Customs and Excise Warehousing Act, 1869. In part; namely, — Title, from " and for " to the end of the title. From "Be it " to " as follows."

32 & 33 Vict. c. 106. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to enable " and ends with the words "of India." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 107. - The Metropolitan Commons Amendment Act, 1869. In part; namely, — To " same as follows."

32 & 33 Vict. c. 109. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for repealing " and ends with the words "on non-residence." In part; namely, — Title, from " for repealing " to " and " where it secondly occurs. Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two, to " this Act."

32 & 33 Vict. c. 110. - The Charitable Trusts Act, 1869. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two, from " Act of the " to " which may be cited as the " and from *and those Acts " to the end of the section. Section sixteen, the words "Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

32 & 33 Vict. c. 111. - The Bishops Resignation Act, 1869. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

32 & 33 Vict c. 112. - i ! The Adulteration of Seeds Act, 1869. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section ten.

32 & 33 Vict c. 114. - i:I The Abandonment of Railways Act, 1869. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same os follows." Section six, from " Commissioners " to "Majesty's."

32 & 33 Vict. c. 115. - 1 1 The Metropolitan Public Carriage Act, 1869. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section three. Q 2

Reign and Chapter. Title.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 116. - The Titles to Laud Consolidation (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1869. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows/* Section five.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 117. - An Act to amend the Pharmacy Act, 1868. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows.* '

33 & 34 Vict. c. 2. - The Dissolved Boards of Management and Guardians Act, 1870. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 3. An Act the title of which begins with the woids " An Act to make *' and ends with the words "relating thereto.* In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 10. - The Coinage Act, 1870. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows.*.* Section two, so far as relates to the Treasury. Section twenty, sub-section one; and from "and unless* to "mentioned." Second Schedule, Second Part, the entries as to 6 Anne, c. 57. and 13 Geo. 3. c. 57.

33 & 34 Vict 34 Vict. c. 11. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to enable " and ends with the words "that city.* In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows.* Section one, to " this Act."

33 & 34 Vict. c. 13. - The Survey Act, 1870. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows.* Section three, the words "after the passing of this Act, " the words "Her Majesty's" where they secondly and thirdly occur, the words "and Public Buildings where they first and secondly occur, and from "every officer to the end of the section.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 14. - The Naturalisation Act, 1870. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows.* Section five, to "Act, and from "shall not* to "but."

33 & 34 Vict. c. 15. - The County Court (Buildings) Act, 1870. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two. Section three, the words "on the passing of this Act and from " and such to the end of the section. Section four, the words "Commissioners of Her Majest, ized

Reign and Chapter. Title.

38 & 34 Vict. c. 17. - The War Office Act, 1870. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two, to " Act." Section three, to " Act." Section five, from " Lord High " to "Majesty's."

33 & 34 Vict. c. 18. - The Metropolitan Poor Amendment Act, 1870. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted " to " as follows." Section one, to "seventy."

33 & 34 Vict. c* 19* The Railways (Powers and Construction) Acts, 1864, Amendment Act, 1870. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " samo as follows."

33 & 34 Vict. c. 20. - The Mortgage Debenture (Amendment) Act, 1870. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

33 & 34 Vict. c. 21. - An Act to disfranchise the boroughs of Bridgwater and Beverley.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 23. - The Forfeiture Act, 1870. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " follows (that is to say)." Section one, to " of this Act." Section six, the words "after the passing of this Act"

33 & 34 Vict. c. 24. - The Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1870. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted " to " as follows."

33 & 84 Vict c. 26. - An Act to regulate the Sale of Poisons in Ireland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

33 & 34 Vict. c. 28. - The Attorneys* and Solicitors'Act, 1870* In part; oamely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

83 & 34 Vict 34 Vict. c. 29. - The Wine and Beerhouse Amendment Act, 1870. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Section ten, the words "after the passing of this Act."

33 & 34 Vict. c. 30. - The Wages Attachment Abolition Act, 1870. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to u of the same." Section one, to " Act." I Section two, the word "That." _ \jCJOv LC

Reign and Chapter. | Title.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 32. - The Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1870. In part; namely, — Section four, to " seventy." Section five, to " Act."

33 & 34 Vict. c. 33. - The Salmon Acts Amendment Act, 1870. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two. Section three, to " this Act."

33 & 34 Vict. c. 34. - An Act to amend the Law as to the Investment on Real Securities of Trust Funds held for public or charitable purposes. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

33 & 34 Vict. c. 35. - The Apportionment Act, 1870. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two, to " this Act."

33 & 34 Vict. c. 37. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to enable, " and ends with the words "is situated." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " authority of the same." Section one, from " under the provisions " where those words first occur to " supply of water, " and from " elected under" to " said Acts."

33 & 34 Vict. c. 38. - An Act to disfranchise the boroughs of Sligo and Cashel.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 39. - An Act to facilitate transfers of Ecclesiastical Patronage in certain cases. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Section one, the words "for England."

33 & 34 Vict 34 Vict. c. 40. - The'New Zealand (Roads, &c.) Loan Act, 1870. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

33 & 34 Vict 34 Vict. c. 42. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to empower" and ends with the words "in lieu thereof." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two, to " present year."

33 & 34 Vict. c. 46. - The Landlord and Tenant (Ireland) Act, 1870. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section sixty-three.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 48. - The Paupers Conveyance (Expenses) Act, 1870. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " that is to say."

33 & 34 Vict. c. 52. - The Extradition Act, 1870. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section twenty-six, so far as it defines Secretary of State. Third Schedule, so far as relates to 6 & 7 Vict. c. 75. and 25 & 26 Vict. c. 70.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 56. The Limited Owners Residences Act, 1870. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

33 & 34 Vict. c. 57. - The Gun Licence Act, 1870. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section three, to " seventy, " and the words "Her heirs and successors."

33 & 34 Vict 34 Vict. c. 58. - The Forgery Act, 1870. In part; namely, — From "Be H" to "same as follows." The words "at the discretion of the court" in sections three to six. Section three, from "or for any" to the end of the section. Section four, from " or for any " to the end of the section. Section five, from " and not less " to the end of the section. Section six from "or for any" to the end of the section.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 59. - An Act to render valid certain Contracts informally executed in India. In part; namely, — Preamble and to "same, as follows."

33 & 34 Vict. c. 60. - The London Brokers Relief Act, 1870.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 61. The Life Assurance Companies Act, 1870. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Section five, to " Act " where it first occurs.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 63. - The Wages Arrestment Limitation (Scotland) Act. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " of the same." Section one, to " seventy-one " and from " contracted " to Act." Section four, from " used after " to " seventy-one."

248

Reign and Chapter. Title.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 64. - The Petty Sessions Clerk (Ireland) Act, 1870. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

33 & 34 Vict 34 Vict. c. 65. - The Larceny (Advertisements) Act, 1870. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." From "Be it therefore" to "same as follows."

33 & 34 Vict. c. 66. - Section one, from "which may" to "Act, 1861." An Act to make further provision for the Government of British Colombia. In part; namely, — Preamble to " Colombia: And." Section three, from " may by " to " Council and."

33 & 34 Vict. c. 70. - The Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows."

33 & 34 Vict 34 Vict. c. 71. - The National Debt Act, 1870. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section three, so far as regards the Bank of England, the Bank of Ireland, the Treasury, and the National Debt Commissioners. Second Schedule, Part I., from " An Act to repeal " to " this Act as"; Part III., so far as relates to 18 & 19 Vict. c. 18.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 75. - The Elementary Education Act, 1870. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted to " follows, that is to say." Section three, so far as it defines the terms " parish '* and " Education Department" Section twenty, the words "said Commissioners of Her Majesty's, " and "as defined in the Fourth Schedule to this Act." Section thirty-seven, sub-section (2), and in subsection (4) from " as soon " to " this Act." Section sixty-seven, to " school board " and the words "and subsequently any such local authority." Section ninety-one. Section ninety-six to "seventh-one" and from " except" to the end of the section. Section ninety-seven, from " after the " to " seventy-one, " and from " not in force " to " this Act." Fourth Schedule.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 77. - The Juries Act, 1870. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one. Section nine, to " Middlesex." Section fifteen, to " Be it enacted that." Section twenty-five, from " nor the provisions " to the end of the section. Schedule, the words "Serjeants, " " Attornies, " " and proctors, " and " Her heirs, successors." 1C

Reign and Chapter. Title.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 78. - The Tramways Act, 1870. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Section fifty-seven, from " nor shall anything " to the end of the section. Section fifty-eight

33 & 34 Vict. c. 79. - The Post Office Act, 1870. In part; namely, — From " Bo it enacted " to "same as follows." Section two, so far as it defines the expressions "Treasury " and " Postmaster General." Section six, the words "That it be printed on a sheet or sheets unstitched, " the word "unstitched, " where it subsequently occurs, and the words "and date of publication, " where they last occur. Section eight. Section eighteen. First Schedule.

33 & 34 Vict 34 Vict. c. 81. - The Meeting of Parliament Act, 1870. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

33 & 34 Vict. c. 83. - The Constabulary (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1870. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, to "this Act." Section three, the words "not exceeding thirty " and "not exceeding forty-five, " and from "and such additional " to the end of the section. Section eleven, the words from the commencement of this Act." Sections fifteen and sixteen.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 86. - The Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1870. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, from " the office " to " vacant, " and from " and the functions " to the end of the section. Section two to " sheriffdom, and, " the word "thereafter, " from " and the functions " next occurring to " in his favour " next thereafter occurring, and from "and the functions" where those words secondly occur to the end of the section. Section three to " sheriffdom, and, " the words "the office of sheriff whereof is now vacant" twice occurring, from " and the now " to " of Caithness, " and from " and the functions " to the end of the section. Section four to "sheriffdom, and, " from "and the functions " where those words first occur to " his favour " next thereafter occurring, from " and the functions" where these words secondly occur to " his favour" next thereafter occurring, and from " and the functions " where those words lastly occur to the end of the section., , _ LC

Reign and Chapter. I Title. 1

33 & 34 Vict 34 Vict. c. 86. — cont. Section five to "sheriffdom, and, 0 from "and the functions " where those words first occur to " his favour " next thereafter occurring, and from " and [the functions" where those words next occur to the end of the section. Section six, the words "so soon as " and from " are united" to "provided they." Section seven, from " shall no " to " sheriffdom, but, " and from " and the functions " to the end of the section. Section eight to " sheriffdom, and, " from " and the functions " where those words first occur to " his favour " next thereafter occurring, and from " and the functions " where those words lastly occur to the end of the section. Section nine, the words "as soon as, " and from " are united " to " provided they." Section ten to " this Act, " and from " as vacancies " to the end of the section. Section eleven.

33 & 34 Vict 34 Vict. c. 88. - The Telegraph Act, 1870. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, from " and this Act " to the end of the section. Section two. Sections four to nine. Schedule.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 89. - An Act to enable the Governors of Queen Anne's Bounty to provide Superannuation Allowances for their Officers. In port; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." The words " Commissioners of Her Majesty's " and " Commissioners of the " wherever they occur.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 90. - The Foreign Enlistment Act, 1870. In part; namely, — Preamble and to "same as follows." Section three, from " shall come " where those words first occur, to " thereof and." Section twenty-three, the words "the Commissioners of." Section twenty-six, from " or other " to " time being " and the words "to the Lord Lieutenant." Section thirty, so far as relates to the term " The Secretary of State."

83 & 34 Vict 34 Vict. c. 91. - The Clerical Disabilities Act, 1870. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

33 & 34 Vict. c. 92. - The Municipal Elections Amendment (Scotland) Act, 1870. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to same as follows."

-1693.

Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1893. Ch. 54.

251

Reign and Chapter. Title.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 94. - The Medical Officers Superannuation Act, 1870. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

33 & 34 Vict. c. 95. - The Passengers Act Amendment Act, 1870. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

33 & 34 Vict. c. 102. - The Naturalization Oath Act, 1870. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

33 & 34 Vict. c. 104. - The Joint Stock Companies Arrangement Act, 1870. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two, the words "at the time of the passing of this Act or afterwards."

33 & 34 Vict 34 Vict. c. 106. - An Act to amend the Sanitary Act, 1866, so far as relates to the City of Dublin. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " follows, that is to say."

33 & 34 Vict. c. 109. - The Common Law Procedure Amendment Act, Ireland, 1870. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted " to " that is to say." Section one. Section four.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 110. - The Matrimonial Causes and Marriage Law (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1870. In port; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Sections two and six. Section seven, to " seventy-one." Section nine. Sections eighteen, twenty-one, twenty-four, twenty-six, twenty-seven, thirty, and thirty-one. Section twenty-nine, from " from and " to " seventy-one."

33 & 34 Vict. c. 111. - The Beerhouse Act, 1870. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

33 & 34 Vict. c. 112. - The Glebe Loan (Ireland) Act, 1870. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " authority of the same." The words " Commissioners of Her Majesty's " wherever they occur.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 2. - An Act to repeal Section Twenty-two of the Juries Act, 1870.

Reign and Chapter. Tide.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 8. - The Parliamentary Costs Act, 1871. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows."

34 & 35 Vict. c. 8. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for extending and ends with the word "Dominions." In part; namely, — From "Be it therefore " to " that is to say."

34 & 35 Vict. c. 11. - The Poor Law Loans Act, 1871. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " Bame as follows."

34 & 35 Vict. c. 12. The Fairs Act, 1871. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows."

34 & 35 Vict c. 14. - The County Property Act, 1871.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 15. - The Metropolitan Poor Act, 1871. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, the first word " that."

34 & 35 Vict. c. 16. - The Anatomy Act, 1871. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

34 & 35 Vict. c. 17. - The Bank Holidays Act, 1871. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one to " Act " where it first occurs.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 18. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the words "for counties." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

34 & 35 Vict c. 22. The Lunacy Regulation (Ireland) Act, 1871. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two, from "shall as to all, " where those words first occur, to " made and." Section three. Section twenty-five. Section fifty-seven, from " from " to " next." Section one hundred and eight, to " future registrar."

34 & 35 Vict. c. 24. - The Irish Presbyterian Church Act, 1871. Inpart; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two, to " Wilson, being." Section three, to " this Act."

Reign and Chapter. Title.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 26. - The Universities Testa Act, 1871. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Section three, to " this Act " where those words first occur.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 27. - The Debenture Stock Act, 1871. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

34 & 35 Vict. c. 28 The British North America Act, 1871. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows."

34 & 35 Vict. c. 29. - An Act to facilitate the Payment of Dividends on India Stock. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

34 & 35 Vict. c. 30. - The Post Office (Duties) Act, 1871.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 31. The Trade Union Act, 1871. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Section twenty-one from " to the next " to " no circuit courts, " and the words "at Edinburgh." Section twenty-three, from " The term summary " to " Act amending the same."

34 & 35 Vict. c. 33. The Burial Act, 1871. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, the words "after the passing of this Act." Section two, from " the Acts " to " together as, " and from and each" to the end of the section. Schedule.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 34. - An Act to extend in certain respocts the power of Local Legislatures in India as regards European British Subjects. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

34 & 35 Vict. c. 35. - The Metropolitan Police Court (Buildings) Act, 1871. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to same as follows." Section two. Section three, the words on the passing of this Act pass to and." Section four, the words Consolidation Act, 1845, and the " and " amending the same."

Reign and Chapter. Utle.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 36. - The Pensions Commutation Act, 1871. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted " to " as follows." Section two, so far as relates to the Treasury.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 37. - The Prayer Book (Tables of Lessons) Act, 1871. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Section two, to " seventy-two " and from "and after" to "seventy-one."

34 & 35 Vict. c. 38. - The Public Health (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1871. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

34 & 35 Vict. c. 40. - The Primitive Wesleyan Methodist Society of Ireland Act, 1871. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section four, the words "after the passing of this Act." Section twelve.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 41. - The Gasworks Clauses Act, 1871. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "that is to say."

34 & 35 Vict. c. 42. - The Citation Amendment (Scotland) Act. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

34 & 35 Vict 35 Vict. c. 43. - The Ecclesiastical Dilapidations Act, 1871. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, from " and shall " to the end of the section.

Section eight, to a commencement of this Act." Section thirteen, to " sequestration, and " and the word "thereafter." Section twenty-five, to "of this Act, " and the words "for England." Section twenty-nine, the words "after the commencement of this Act." Section fifty-three, from " becoming vacant " to " Act and." Section fifty-nine the words "for England." Section sixty-five the words "Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

34 & 35 Vict. c. 44. - The Incumbents Resignation Act, 1871. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows."

255

Reign and Chapter. Title.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 45. - The Sequestration Act, 1871. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Section one, from " after the " to " seventy-one."

34 & 35 Vict. c. 47. - The Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1871. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Section seven. Section fifteen the words "the Governor and Company of" occurring twice. Section sixteen. Section eighteen.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 48. - The Promissory Oaths Act, 1871. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

34 & 35 Vict. c. 49. - The Matrimonial Causes and Marriage Law (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1871. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Sections five to eight, ten, and sixteen. Section eighteen, from " or for any term " to " than one year." Section twenty-eight, to " of this Act."

34 & 35 Vict. c. 50. - The Bankruptcy Disqualification Act, 1871. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Section nine, the words "before or after the passing of this Act."

34 & 35 Vict. c. 53. An Act to repeal an Act for preventing the assumption of certain Ecclesiastical Titles in respect of places in the United Kingdom. In part; namely, — From "Be it therefore " to " as follows."

34 & 35 Vict. c. 55. - The Criminal and Dangerous Lunatics (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1871. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

34 & 35 Vict. c. 5G. - The Dogs Act, 1871. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one to " Act " where it first occurs. Section four, to " Ireland, " and from " and in " to the end of the section. Section five, from " Summary " where that word first occurs to "Act amending the same, " and from " in England and " to " peace; and."

Reign and Chapter. Title.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 61. - The Election Commissioners Expenses Act, 1871. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " that is to say." Section four, the words "Commissioners of the " where they first and last occur, and the word "said " where it first occurs before " Commissioners." Section five, so far as relates to the term " parish."

34 & 35 Vict. c. 62. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to enable " and ends with the word "certificates." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "of the sams." Section one, the first word " That."

34 & 35 Vict. c. 63. - The College Charter Act, 1871. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two, the words "after the passing of this Act."

34 & 35 Vict. c. 65. - The Juries Act (Ireland), 1871. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section four, to " of this Act." Section eight, from " in the form " to " annexed " where it next occurs, the words "in the Fourth Schedule to this Act, " from "and such" to "Act, " and from " according to the Form B." to " annexed." Section nine, from "in the form" to "annexed." Section fourteen, from " in the form " to " annexed, " and the words "in the Fourth Schedule to this Act, " repealed so long as 39 & 40 Vict. c. 21. ss. 2 and 5 continue. Section twenty-six, from " together " to " Act." Section twenty-eight, to "enacted that." Section forty-six, the words "her heirs and successors."

34 & 35 Vict. c. 66. The Private Chapels Act, 1871. In part; namely, — Preamble, und to " same as follows."

34 & 35 Vict. c. 70. - The Local Government Board Act, 1871. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two, from " and from " to " exist." Section three, from " The Local " where those words secondly occur to " Act " where that word next occurs. Section six to " had not passed." Schedule, so far as relates to the following subjects and the Acts relating thereto: — Public Health, Local Government, Drainage (Sanitary Matters), 1 Artizans and Labourers Dwellings, und Prevention ' of Disease.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

i 34 & 35 Vict 35 Vict. c. 72. - . An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the farther protection " and ends with the words " Chancery, Ireland." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two, the words "from and after the passing of this Act." Section three, to " Act " where it first occurs. Section nine, the words "Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's " and " for the time being." Section ten to " this Act " where those words first occur. Section eleven, the words "after the expiration of one year from the passing of this Act." Section twenty, to " enacted that." Section twenty-one, to " enacted that." Section twenty-two, to " enacted that."

34 & 35 Vict. c. 73. - An Act for making Regulations as to the office of Clerk of the Peace for the County Palatine of Lancaster. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one. Section two. Section three, to " this Act " where those words first occur. Sections eight and nine.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 75. - The Telegraph (Money) Act, 1871.

In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." The words " Commissioners of Her Majesty's " in sections two and three.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 76. - The Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1871. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

34 & 35 Vict 35 Vict. c. 78. - The Regulation of Railways Act, 1871. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Section eighteen.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 79. - An Act to protect the Goods of Lodgers against Distresses for Rent due to the Superior Landlord. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " that is to say."

34 & 35 Vict. c. J33. - The Parliamentary Witnesses Oaths Act, 1871. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." R

Reign and Chapter. Title.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 84. The Limited Owners Residences Act (1870) Amendment | Act, 1871. 1 In part; namely, — 1 Preamble, and to "same as follows." !

34 & 35 Vict. c. 86. - ! The Regulation of the Forces Act, 1871. | In part; namely, — i Preamble, and to "same as follows." 1 Section nineteen, so far as it defines the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 87. - The Sunday Observation Prosecution Act, 1871. In part; namely, — From " Bo it enacted" to "same as follows." Section four.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 90. - The Union of Benefices Acts Amendment Act. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

34 & 35 Vict. c. 91. - The Judicial Committee Act, 1871.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 92. - An Act to amend the Landlord and Tenant (Ireland) Act, 1870. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

34 & 35 Vict. c. 96. - The Pedlars Act, 1871. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to u same as follows." Section two. Section three, from "The term Summary" to " Act amending the same." Section five, from " or other" to " time being."

34 & 35 Vict. c. 98. - The Vaccination Act, 1871. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Section two. Section eight, from " or in the case " to " Act " where it. next occurs.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 99. - The Civil Bill Courts Procedure Amendment Act (Ireland), 1871. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 100. - The Glebe Loan (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1871. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

259

Reign and Chapter. Titlo.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 101. - i The Chain Cable and Anchor Act, 1871. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows.'* Section three to " Act where it first occurs. Section eleven.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 102. - j The Charitable Donations and Bequests Act (Ireland), 1871. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

34 & 35 Vict. c. 103. - 1 An Act to amend the law relating to the Customs anil | Inland Revenue. In part; namely, — Section thirty-one to " seventy-one."

34 & 35 Vict. c. 105. - 1 1 The Petroleum Act, 1871. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two, so far as relates to the terms " Lord Lieutenant, " and " Summary Jurisdiction Acts."

31 & 35 Vict 35 Vict. c. 106. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to make " and ends with the words "certain cases." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." !

34 & 35 Vict 35 Vict. c. 107. - The Leeward Islands Act, 1871. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Sections two and four. Section seven, from " composed " to " members." Sections eight and nine. Section thirteen, from " within six " to " afterwards." Sections nineteen and twenty-one. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 108. - The Pauper Inmates Discharge and Regulation Act, 1871. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section three, the words "as and when the same is established."

34 & 35 Vict. c. 109. - An Act to amend the Law relating to the Local Government of Towns and populous Places in Ireland. In part; namely, — Section thirty to " Act " where it first occurs.

34 & 35 Vict 35 Vict. c. 110. - The Merchant Shipping Act, 1871. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." 1 Section three. 1

Reign and Chapter. Title.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 111. - The Beerhouses (Ireland) Act, 1864, Amendment Act, 1871. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section three, the words "and of this Act." Section four, to " always that."

34 & 35 Vict. c. 112. - The Prevention of Crimes Act, 1871. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two. Section five, from "and whenever" to "goes to reside, " and from " If any holder " to the end of the section. Section six, in sub-section (G), from " may make " to " Ireland and " and the words "in such regulations; " in sub-sections (7) and (8), the words "made by the Secretary of State; " in sub-section (9), the words "made by the Lord Lieutenant; " and sub-section (11). Section eight, from " and whenever he changes " to " goes to reside " and from " If any person " to the end of the section. Section fifteen, from "and whereas" to "felony" where that word next occurs. Section seventeen, from " as follows " to " amending the same " where those words first occur, from " In Ireland " to " amending the same "; proviso one except as to Scotland, proviso six as to Scotland. Section'twenty, the definitions of the Penal Servitude Acts and Lord Lieutenant.

34 & 35 Vict 35 Vict. c. 113. - The Metropolis Water Act, 1871. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section three, the definition of court of summary jurisdiction. Section six to " Act." Section seven, from " from and after " to " Act " where it next occurs. Section eight to " Act." Section eleven, from " after " where it first occurs to " Act." Section forty-two, from "and the reference" to u conclusive." Section forty-six, from " may be either " to " lithograph and " and the words "print or " where they secondly occur.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 114. - The Tramways (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1871. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

35 & 36 Vict. c. 2. The Poor Law Loans Act, 1872. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, the first word " That."

261

Reign and Chapter. Title.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 6. - The Bank of Ireland Charter Amendment Act, 1872. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows.'* The words " Governor and Company of the " in the title and in section two. w»

35 & 36 Vict. c. 6. - The Public Parks (Ireland) Act, 1869, Amendment Act, 1872. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

35 & 36 Vict. c. 7. - 1 The County Buildings (Loans) Act, 1872.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 8. i The Deans and Canons Resignation Act, 1872. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

35 & 36 Vict. c. 10. - | The Marriage (Society of Friends) Act, 1872. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one to " persuasion of the said Society."

35 & 36 Vict. c. 13. - The Irish Church Amendment Act, 1872.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 14. - An Act for the Alteration of Boundaries of Dioceses. In part; namely, — Section three, the words "for England."

35 & 36 Vict 36 Vict. c. 15. - The Parks Regulation Act, 1872. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section four, from " but the " to the end of the section. Section fifteen, from " In England " to " last-mentioned Act."

35 & 36 Vict 36 Vict. c. 17. - | ! The Loan Societies (Ireland) Act, 1872. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two, the words "after the passing of this Act."

35 & 36 Vict. c. 19. - The Pacific Islanders Protection Act, 1872. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two, from " The term oath " to " oath." Section three, the words "her heirs and successors." Section nineteen, from " Lords " to "Majesty's."

35 & 36 Vict. c. 20. - The Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1872. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section five, from "from and after" to "seventy-two." Section six to " Act" where it first occurs. u

Reign and Chapter. Title.

35 & 36 Vict 36 Vict. c. 21. - The Reformatory and Industrial Schools Acts Amendment Act, 1872. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to authority of the same." Section four, to " enacted that.* Section seven, to " enacted that.* Section eight, to u be it enacted that.

35 & 3G Vict. c. 23. - The Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1872. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted to " same as follows.*' Section two. Section three, the definition of Treasury. Section five, from " and the Commissioners *' to the end of the section. Section fifteen, the words "Her Majesty's* and " Forests and Land Revenues." Section thirty-two, the words "her heirs and successors and " her heirs or successors."

35 & 36 Vict. c. 24. - The Charitable Trustees Incorporation Act, 1872. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, to "Act" where it first occurs, and from " Provided *' to the end of the section.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 25. - An Act to amend the Juries Act (Ireland), 1871. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two. Section three, from " in the form *' to " annexed, " and from "according" to "this Act, " repealed so long as 39 & 40 Vict 40 Vict. c. 21. s. 5 continues. Section three, from "and the said clerk" to " 1871 where it next occurs.

35 &.36 Vict. c. 26. - The Review of Justices Decisions Act, 1872. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two, from " may be sworn '* to " Chancery, and."

35 & 36 Vict. c. 27. - The Elementary Education Act Amendment Act, 1872. In port; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

35 & 36 Vict. c. 28. - An Act to amend the Practice and Procedure of the Crown Side of the Court of Queen's Bench in Ireland.

35 & 33 Vict c. 29. - The Colonial Governors (Pensions) Act, 1872. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

35 & 36 Vict. c. 30. - An Act to suspend the Compulsory Operation of the Chain Cublcs and Anchors Act, 1871.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 31. - The Drainage and Improvement of Lands Amendment Act (Ireland), 1872. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

35 & 36 Vict. c. 32. - The Landlord and Tenant (Ireland) Act, 1872. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

35 & 36 Vict. c. 33. - The Ballot Act, 1872. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section five, from "on or before" to "borough; and " where those words first occur, from " after the first " to " seventy-three ", the words "they shall ", and from " and in the case of" to " time for the purpose." Section eighteen, sub-section nineteen to " being and." Section thirty. Section thirty-two, from " Provided that " to the end of the section.

35 & 36 Vict c. 35. - The Act of Uniformity Amendment Act, 1872. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows."

35 & 36 Vict. c. 36. - An Act to render it unlawful to demand any Fee or Reward for the Celebration of the Sacrament of Baptism or the Registry thereof. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, to " Act " where it first occurs.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 38. - The Infant Life Protection Act, 1872. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, to " Act amending the same." Section two, to " Act." Section fifteen.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 39. The Naturalization Act, 1872. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

35 & 36 Vict. c. 41. - The Life Assurance Act, 1872. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same a» follows." Section one, to " enacted as follows." Section two, from "and further" to "such doubts."

35 & 36 Vict c. 42. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the words "public money." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

264 CH. 54. Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1893. 56 & 57 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 44. - The Court of Chancery (Funds) Act, 1872. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " follows, that is to say." Section two. Section three, the definition of the Treasury. Section seven, the words "after the commencement of this Act." Section ten, the words "the Governor and Company of" where they first occur. Section thirteen, the words "the Governor and Company of" where they first occur. Section twenty-three. Section twenty-four, to " Act " where it first occurs, and the words "the Governor and Company of " occurring twice. Section twenty-five, to " surplus of the annua) revenue." Section twenty-six. Schedule One.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 45. - The Treaty of Washington Act, 1872. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

35 & 36 Vict c. 46. - The Arbitration (Masters and Workmen) Act, 1872. In part; namely, — Preamble, and.to "same as follows."

35 & 36 Vict. c. 48. - The County Boundaries (Ireland) Act, 1872. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section six.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 49. - The Church Seats Act, 1872. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

35 & 36 Vict. c. 50. - The Railway Rolling Stock Protection Act, 1872. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

35 & 36 Vict. c. 51. - An Act for amending the law relating to the salaries of judges. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section three.

265

Reign and Chapter. Title.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 52. - An Act to regulate the Summoning of Grand Juries in Middlesex. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, to " this Act."

35 & 36 Vict 36 Vict. c. 55. - The Basses Lights Act, 1872. In port; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section three, to "seventy-five thousand pounds." Section four, to " Lighthouse" where that word first occurs and the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section five. Section six, from " until a light " to the end of the section.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 57. - The Debtors Act (Ireland), 1872. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Section seven, to " Act " where it secondly occurs. Section twenty-six, to " seventy* seven."

35 & 36 Vict. c. 58. - The Bankruptcy (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1872. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section six, to " Act " where that word first occurs. Section twelve, to "enacted that" and from "who may be " to " clerks of the court." Section fourteen, to " Be it enacted that." Section fifty-three, to " of this Act." Section one hundred and twenty-four, from " on or before " to " seventy-three and " and the word "thereafter." *

35 & 36 Vict. c. 60- - The Corrupt Practices (Municipal Elections) Act, 1872. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two, so far as relates to " Borough, " " Office, " " Register, " and " Superior Court." Sections thirteen and fourteen. Section fifteen, sub-sections one, two, and three. Section twenty, sub-sections one and two. Section twenty-eight, from " to the Lord " to " time being " and sub-section (11).

35 & 36 Vict. c. 6J. - An Act to regulate the use of Steam Whistles in certain Manufactories. In part; namely, — To " same as follows."

Reign and Chapter. Title.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 62. - The Education (Scotland) Act, 1872. In part; namely, — Preamble, from "an Act was passed" to "And whereas" where those words secondly occur, and from " Be it therefore" to "same as follows." Section eleven. Section thirteen, from " in the manner " to " without a school board." Section twenty. Section twenty-seven, from " first elected " to " elected school board." Section sixty-seven, from " no parliamentary grant " to " laws: and, " and from " where a school " where those words first occur to " so situated." Section seventy-two.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 65. - The Bastardy Laws Amendment Act, 1872. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section three, the words "after the passing of this Act."

35 &.3C Vict. c. 67. - The Greenwich Hospital Act, 1872. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted " to " as follows." Section one, from "and may" to the end of the section.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 68. - The Military Forces Localization Act, 1872. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section eight, the words "Governor and Company of the " twice occurring. Section sixteen, the definition of the Treasury.

35 & 30 Vict. c. 60. - The Local Government Board (Ireland) Act, 1872. In part,; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two, from " and from " to " exist, " and the words "to the Lord Lieutenant." Section three, from " The Local " where those words secondly occur to " Act." Section five, the words "to the Lord Lieutenant occurring twice. Section six to " Act"; the words "Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's" and "said Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section twelve to " this Act."

35 & 30 Vict. c. 70. - The Law Officers Fees Act, 1872. In part; namely, — To " same as follows." Section one, from "in pursuance" to "same, or, " from "any letters" to "inventions or, " and the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

267

Reign and Chapter. Title.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 73. - The Merchant Shipping Act, 1872. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two. Section ten to " enacted that."

35 & 36 Vict. c 75. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to provide " and ends with the word t(Ireland." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows " Section one to " this Act."

35 & 36 Vict 36 Vict. c. 77. - The Metalliferous Mines Regulation Act, 1872. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to same as follows." Section two. Section thirty-two, from " to the next " to " no circuit courts " and the words "at Edinburgh." Section forty-one, the definition of Summary Jurisdiction Acts. Section forty-four.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 61. - The Attorneys and Solicitors Act (1860) Amendment Act, 1872. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, the words "and sworn."

35 & 36 Vict 36 Vict. c. 82. - The Income Tax (Public Offices) Act, 1872. In part; namely, — To u same as follows." Section one to " Provided that, " the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's, " and from " Nothing iu" to the end of the section. 1 Section two. 1

35 & 36 Vict 36 Vict. c. 85. - i 1 The Annual Turnpikes Acts Continuance Act, 1872. In part; namely, — i Title, from '* to continue " to " Acts and." Section fourteen, from " and this section " to the end of the section.

35 & 36 Vict. o, 86. - The Borough and Local Courts of Record Act, 1872.; In part; namely. — j Preamble, and to " authority of the same."

35 & 36 Vict. c. 89. - The Union Officers (Ireland) Superannuation Act, 1872. In part; namely, — ! Preamble, and to "same as follows."

Reign and Chapter. Title.

35 & 36 Vict 36 Vict. c. 90. - The Irish Church Act (1869) Amendment Act, 1872. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section six, sub-section four, the words "at any time after the passing of this Act." Section seven, the words "at any time after the passing of this Act, " and from " The provisions of this section " to the end of the section. Sections thirteen and fourteen.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 91. - The Borough Funds Act, 1872. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

35 & 36 Vict. c. 92. - The Parish Constables Act, 1872. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " follows (that is to say)." Section one to " March next." Section two, the words "General or." Section fourteen, the words "general or."

35 & 36 Vict. c. 93. - The Pawnbrokers Act, 1872. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Section three to " this Act, and." Section four. Section five, the definition of Court of Summary Jurisdiction. Section fifty-six, from " to the next " to u no circuit courts " and the words "in Edinburgh." The First Schedule.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 94. - The Licensing Act, 1872. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section forty-eight, from " Provided that " to " no effect." Section seventy-four, the definitions of " Court of Summary Jurisdiction " and " Quarter Sessions." Section seventy-seven, from " of Ireland " where those words first occur to "time being" where those words next occur, from " or the lords " to " time being" where those words next occur, and the definitions of Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1848, and court of summary jurisdiction.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 96. - ! An Act to amend the Ecclesiastical Dilapidations Act, 1871; and for other purposes. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted " to u same as follows." Section three, the words "Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

Reign and Chapter. 1 Tide.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 2. The Polling Districts (Ireland) Act, 1873. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows.'* Section three, from " or other " to " of Ireland."

86 & 37 Vict. c. 6. - The Turks and Caicos Islands Act, 1873. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 9. - An Act to amend the Bastardy Laws. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section three. First Schedule.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 12. - An Act to amend the Law as to the Custody of Infants. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 15. - The New Zealand (Roads, Ac.) Loan Act, 1873. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows (that is to say)." Section one, to " as follows, " and the words "after the passing of this Act."

36 & 37 Vict. c. 16. - The Marriage Law (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1873. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

36 & 37 Vict. c. 17. - The East India Stock Dividend Redemption Act, 1873. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." The words "the Governor and Company of" i*1 sections two and thirty-seven.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 18. - The Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1873. In part; namely, — Section four, to " seventy-four."

36 & 37 Vict. c. 19. - The Poor Allotments Management Act, 1873. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to same as follows."

36 & 37 Vict. c. 21. - The University of Dublin Tests Act, 1873. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section three, to " Act."

36 & 37 Vict. c. 22. - The Australian Colonies Duties Act, 1873. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

36 & 37 Vict. c. 30. - The Registration of Voters (Ireland) Act, 1873. In part; namely, — Title, from end \>ttitle.

Reign and Chapter. | Title.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 31. - The Matrimonial Causes Act, 1873. -In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows.'* Section two, from "together with" to "and each Act." Schedule.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 32. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to enable " and ends with the words "of India." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

36 & 37 Vict 37 Vict. c. 34. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the words "in Ireland." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, the first word " That."

36 & 37 Vict 37 Vict. c. 36. - The Crown Lands Act, 1873. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Section three, the words "for the time being " where they last occur, "Her Majesty's" and "Forests and Land Revenues." Section four, the words "for the time being, " "Her Majesty's, " and "Forests and Land Revenues " wherever they respectively occur, the word "Commissioners" where it secondly occurs, the word "of" where it next occurs, and the words "Commissioners of " where they last occur.

36 & 37 Vict 37 Vict. c. 37. - The Fairs Act, 1873. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Section four. Section six, from " one of Her'" to " referred to as."

36 & 37 \ ict. c. 38. - The Vagrant Act Amendment Act, 1873. In part; namely, — Title, from " and to repeal " to end of title. Preamble, and to "same as follows.'' Section four.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 39. - The Cathedral Acts Amendment Act, 1873. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, the words "for England."

36 & 37 Vict. c. 41. - The Public Schools (Shrewsbury - and Harrow Schools Property) Act, 1873. In part; namely, —, Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section five, from " from and alter " to " Corporation " where it next occurs.

Reign hud Chapter. Title.

! 36 & 37 Vict. c. 42. - i The Tithe Commutation Acts Amendment Act, 1873.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 43. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to enable " and ends with the words "in India." In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows (that is to say)."

36 & 37 Vict 37 Vict. c. 44. - The Government Annuities Act, 1873. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section six, to " and " where it first occurs, and tho words " and each of those Acts." Schedule.

36 & 37 Vict 37 Vict. c. 45. - The Canada (Public Works) Loan Act, 1873. In part; namely, — Title, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's, " and from " and to repeal " to end of title. Preamble, and to "same as follows."

36 & 37 Vict. c. 48. - The Regulation of Railways Act, 1873. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Section two. Section three, the definition of the Treasury. Section thirty-two, the words "at any time after the passing of this Act."

36 & 37 Vict. c. 50. - The Places of Worship Sites Act, 1873. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section five, the words "for England."

36 & 37 Vict 37 Vict. c. 51. - The Prison Officers Superannuation (Ireland) Act, 1873. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

36 & 37 Vict. c. 52. - An Act for the Relief of Widows and Children of Intestates where the personal estate is of small value. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section five, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

36 & 37 Vict 37 Vict. c. 53. - The Highland Schools Act, 1873. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two, the words "after the passing of this Act."

272 Ch. 54. Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1893. 56 & 57 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. 1 Title. 1

36 & 37 Vict. c. 55. - The Medical Act (University of London), 1873. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

36 & 37 Vict. c. 57. - The Consolidated Fund (Permanent Charges Redemption) Act, 1873. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two, the words "for England." Section three, the words "for England." Section five, the words "the Governor and Company of." Section spven, the definition of Treasury.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 59. - The Slave Trade (East African Courts) Act, 1873. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

36 & 37 Vict. c. 60. - The Extradition Act, 1873. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Section three, to " declared that." Section four, to " that."

36 & 37 Vict. c. 61. - The Crown Private Estates Act, 1873. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

36 & 37 Vict. c. 62. - The Public Schools (Eton College Property) Act, 1873. In part; namely, — From "Be it therefore" to "same as follows."

36 & 37 Vict 37 Vict. c. 63. - An Act to amend the Law relating to Law Agents practising in Scotland. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted " to " as follows." Section two, to " Act " where it first occurs. Section five, sub-section two, the words "after the passing of this Act "; sub-section three; and subsection six, from M either before " to " this Act." Section sixteen, to " seventy-four."

36 & 37 Vict 37 Vict. c. 64. - The Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1873. In part; namely, — Section three, to " enacted that." Schedule, except as to 4 & 5 Anne, c. xxxii.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 65. - An Act to regulate the Summoning of Grand Juries in the Court of Queen's Bench in Ireland. In part; namely, — i Preamble, and to "same as follows." | Section one, to " Act."

Reign and Chapter. Title.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 66. - The Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1873. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section three, to "Act" where it first occurs. Section fifteen, to "Judges" where it first occurs, and from " shall grow " to " day but, " and from " to the persons " to " administrators." Section twenty-two. Section twenty-five, to " enacted as follows." Section twenty-six, to "Act but." Section twenty-seven, from " upon " where it first occurs to " this Act " where those words secondly occur, and from " In the meantime " to the end of the section. Section thirty-two, the words "the Chief Justice of the Common Pleas and the Chief Baron of the " Exchequer." Section forty-two, from " by marking " to the end of the section. Section sixty, to " carried on therein, " and from " This section " to the end of the section. Section sixty-one, from " either before " to " Act." Section eighty-seven, to "Act" where first occurring. Section ninety-nine, to " this Act." Section one hundred, the definition of the Treasury.

36 & 37 Vict c. 68. - An Act for extending the Period of Service in the Militia; and for other purposes. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section seven, the words "her heirs or successors."

36 & 37 Vict. c. 69. - The Petitions of Right (Ireland) Act, 1873. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

36 & 37 Vict. c. 70. - The Revising Barristers Act, 1873. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

36 & 37 Vict. c. 71. - The Salmon Fisheries Act, 1873. In part; rtamely, — From "Be it therefore" to "same as follows." Section three. Section four, the definition of Secretary of State. Section fifty-five, to " enacted that " and the word "that."

36 & 37 Vict. c. 72. - The Defence Acts Amendment Act, 1873. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." g

Iieigu and Chapter. Title.

I 36 & 37 Vict. c. 76. - 1 The Bail way Regulation Act (Returns of Signal Arrange* meats Working, &c.), 1873. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, from " and the said " to the end of the section. Sections two and three.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 77. - The Naval Artillery Volunteer Force Act, 1873. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." ' Section thirty-eight, the words "general or." Section thirty-nine, from "to the next" to " no circuit courts, " and the words "at Edinburgh." Section forty, from " Moreover " to the end of the section. Section forty-three, the definitions of "Admiralty, " " Summary Jurisdiction Acts, " and from " In England " to " referred to."

36 & 37 Vict. c. 82. - i i The Small Penalties (Ireland) Act, 1873. I In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 83. - The Telegraph Act, 1873. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

36 & 37 Vict. c. 84. - The Militia Pay and Storehouses Act, 1873. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Section two, to " therefore enacted that."

36 & 37 Vict. c. 85. - The Merchant Shipping Act, 1873. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Section two, from "and the said" to the end of the section. j Section three, the words "registered after the passing 1 of this Act " and from " and every " to " seventy-four, " and from " Provided also " to the end of the j section. | Section thirty-two.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 86. - The Elementary Education Act, 1873. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Section eight. Section ten, the words "which is repealed by this Act." Section twenty-seven, the definitions of "the Summary Jurisdiction Acts" and "court of summary jurisdiction."

Reign and Chapter. Title.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 87. - The Eudowed Schools Act, 1873. 1 In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Section one, from " the principal " where those words last occur to " and this Act " where those words last occur. | Section three, the words "for England and Wales." | Section eight, to " enacted that." 1 Section ten, the words "for England and Wales." Section twelve, to " enacted that." Section fourteen, to "enacted that" and the word "such " after " every."

36 & 37 Vict. c. 88. - The Slave Trade Act, 1873. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two, the definitions of the Treasury, " " the (Admiralty, " and "the Slave Trade Act, 1824."

36 & 37 Vict. c. 89. - 1 The Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, Amendment Act, 1873. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows."

37 & 38 Vict. c. 3. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to enable " and ends with the word "India." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

37 & 38 Vict. c. 7. The Middlesex Sessions Act, 1874. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, from " and each " to the end of the section. Section two, from " shall begin " to " Judge, and " and the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

37 & 38 Vict 38 Vict. c. 8. The Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1874. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

37 & 38 Vict. c. 11. -! The Game Birds (Ireland) Act, 1874. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

37 & 33 Vict. c. 12. - 1 1 1 An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to make, " and ends with the words "in Council." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one. Section two, to " of India, " where those words first occur. S 2

270

Reign ami Chapter. Title.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 15 - i The Betting Act, 1874. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 20. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to provide " and ends with the word "Assessment." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

37 & 38 Vict. c. 21. - The Four Courts Marshalsea Discontinuance Act, 1874.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 23. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the words "Dublin Metropolis." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two, to " seventy-four." The words "or other chief governor or governors of Ireland " wherever they occur in sections three, four, five, and seven. Section five, the words "or have, " and " Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section seven, to "Act, " and the words "or they" and " Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

37 & 38 Vict. c. 24. - The Harbour of Colombo Loan Act, 1874. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Sections two and four.

37<fc*38 Vict. c. 25. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to remove " and ends with the words "Herring Barrels."

37 & 38 Vict 38 Vict. c. 27. - The Courts (Colonial) Jurisdiction Act, 1874. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

37 & 38 Vict. c. 31. - The CoDjugal Rights (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1874. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " authority of the same."

37 & 38 Vict. c. 32. - The Drainage and Improvement of Lands Amendment Act (Ireland), 1874. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's, " and " the said Commissioners of."

37 & 38 Vict. c. 34. The Apothecaries Act Amendment Act, 1874. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1893. Ch. 54.

Reign and Chapter.

Title.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 36.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 37.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 38.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 40.

The False Personation Act, 1874.

In part; namely, —

Preamble, and to "same as follows."

Section one, from "at the discretion" to " convicted" and from " or any period " to the end of the section.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to alter " and ends with the word "exclusive."

In part; namely, —

Preamble, and to "same as follows."

Section one, the first word " That."

Section two, the words "and be it enacted."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to extend " and euds with the word "Colony."

In part; namely, —

Preamble, and to "same as follows."

Section one, the word "said " before " colony."

The Board of Trade Arbitrations, &c. Act, 1874.

In part; namely, —

From " Be it enacted" to "same as follows."

37 & 38 Vict. c. 41.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 42.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 45.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 46.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 47.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 48.

- The Colonial Attornies Relief Act, 1874.

In part; namely, —

Preamble, and to "same as follows."

-, The Building Societies Act, 1874.

In part; namely, —

From " Be it enacted" to "same as follows."

j Section seven, to " repealed but, " and from " and

I this repeal " to " certified thereunder."

- The County of Hertford and Liberty of St. Alban Act, 1874.

In part; namely, —

Preamble, and to "same as follows."

Section two.

- 1 The Customs (Isle of Man) Tariff Act, 1874.

j In part; namely, —

I From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows."

i Section one, to " chargeable, " and from " on and after" to "seventy-four"; from "Rum" to "duty . the gallon 0 6 6, " and from " Wine

namely " to " 0 1 8."

- (The Prison Authorities Act, 1874.

In part; namely, — j Preamble, and to "same as follows."

- The Hosiery Manufacture (Wages) Act, 1374.

In part; namely, —

Preamble, and to "same as follows." j Section eight.

1

Reign and Chapter. 1 Title. 1

37 & 38 Vict 38 Vict. c. 49. - j The Licensing Act, 1874. ! In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows.'* Section two. Section eleven, from " and as if the expression to the end of the section, i Section twenty-eight to " therefore enacted that.

37 & 38 Vict 38 Vict. c. 51. - The Chain Cables and Anchors Act, 1874. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, from " and shall '* to the end of the section. Section three, to " Act."

37 & 38 Vict 38 Vict. c. 52. -:i The Mersey Collisions Act, 1874. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows.*' Section two.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 53. - 1 J 1 The Revising Barristers Act, 1874. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted*' to "same as follows." Section one, to "enacted that, " and the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section six, the words "after the passing of this Act."

37 & 38 Vict 38 Vict. c. 54. - 1 The Rating-Act, 1874. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted to " same as follows." Section three, to " commencement of this Act." Section ten, to " of this Act." Section eleven, from " for the purpose to " by this Act."

' 37 & 38 Vict 38 Vict. c. 57. - The Real Property Limitation Act, 1874. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, to " Act." Section nine, to " Act " where it first occurs. Section ten, to " Act." Section twelve.

37 & 38 Vict 38 Vict. c. 61. The Royal (late Indian) Ordnance Corps Act, 1874. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same os follows."

37 & 38 Vict 38 Vict. c. 62. - The Infants Relief Act, 1874. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." j

37 & 38 Vict 38 Vict. c. 63. - 1 An Act to facilitate the re-arrangement of the Boundaries of Archdeaconries and Rural Deaneries. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

37 & 38 Vict. c. 64. -, The Evidence Further Amendment (Scotland) Act* 1874. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows."

' 37 & 38 Vict 38 Vict. c. 66. - ! i i: An Act, the title of which begins with the words "An Act to enlarge " and ends with the word "Hereditaments." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section three, from " shall come " to " seventy-four and."

37 & 38 Vict 38 Vict. c. 68. - The Attorneys and Solicitors Act, 1874. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section four, the words "attorney or " wherever they I occur, and from "one of" where those words first ] occur to " Westminster, or." Section six, the words "an attorney or ", from " a judge " to " Westminster or ", and " attorneys and." Section seven the words "attorneys or ", and " of such I court." ! Section ten, the words "attorney or " wherever they occur, "attorneys or" and "of the said court." i Section eleven, the words "attorney or " where first occurring, and " attorneys or." Section twelve, the words "an attorney or " wherever they occur, and "attorneys and" and from " Provided always " to the end of the section.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 69. - The Licensing Act (Ireland), 1874. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." j Section seven, to " Act " where it first occurs. Section twelve, to "for each such district." Section sixteen, the words "to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland." j Section seventeen, to "seventy-four." Section twenty-six to " enacted that."

37 & 38 Vict 38 Vict. c. 70. - i The Valuation (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1874. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two, from "incurred " to "seventy-four." Section three, from " Lords " to "Majesty's." Section five, from " shall take " to " seventy-four and."

37 & 38 Vict 38 Vict. c. 72. - The Fines Act (Ireland), 1851, Amendment Act, 1874. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two, to " declared that."

Reign and Chapter. Tide. 1

37 & 38 Vict. c. 73. - The Post Office Savings Banks Act, 1874. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, from "together with" to "and each Act." Section two, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

37 & 38 Vict 38 Vict. c. 74. - The Piivate Lunatic Asylums (Ireland) Act, 1874. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's " occurring twice.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 75. - The Vaccination Act, 1874. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

37 & 38 Vict. c. 77. - The Colonial Clergy Act, 1874. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

37 & 38 Vict. c. 78. - j The Vendor and Purchaser Act, 1874. In part; namely, — i Preamble, and to "same as follows." 1 Section one, from " made " to " seventy-four."

37 & 38 Vict. c. 80. - 1 The Constabulary (Ireland) Act, 1874. In part; namely, — 1 Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, from " Lord " where it first occurs to " Ireland." Section two, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section three, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's " wherever they occur, ODd " or any two or more of them." Section five, to "enacted that" and the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section six, to " Act." Section eleven, from " Lords " to "Majesty's." Section twelve, to " this Act."

37 & 38 Vict c. 81. - I i 1 The Great Seal (Offices) Act, 1874. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "as follows (that is to say)." Section two. Section three, the definition of the Treasury. Section five, to "petty bag" where those words 1 secondly occur, from " in such officer" where those words first occur to " 1873 " w here it next occurs, and the words "After the commencement of this 1 Act, " where they secondly cccur, and from " The clerk of the petty bag shall except " to the end of the section. LC

37 & 38 Vict. c. 81. — cont.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 82.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 83.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 84.

87_& 38 Vict 38 Vict. c. 85.

Section six, the words "Upon the abolition of the office of clerk of the patents."

Section seven, to "such abolition."

Section eight, the words "after the commencement I of this Act."

Section eleven, from " to the Court " to " 1873 " and the words "Court of Chancery or."

I

I An Act to alter and amend the Laws relating to the; Appointment of Ministers to Parishes in Scotland.

In part; namely, —

Preamble, and to "same as follows."

Section two.

Section three, to " Act " where it first occurs, and from " or which after " to " thereanent."

The Supreme Court of Judicature (Commencement) Act, i 1874.

i

The Works and Public Buildings Act, 1874.

' In part; namely, — i Preamble, and to "same as follows."

j Section two, the words "Her Majesty's " and " and

Public Buildings " wherever they occur, and the

words " for the time being."

Section three, to " proceedings; and."

Section four, the words "Her Majesty's " and " and Public Buildings" wherever they occur.

Section five, to " Act, " where it first occurs, and the words "Her Majesty's " wherever they occur, and " Forests and Land Revenues " and " and Public Buildings."

The Schedules.

The Public Worship Regulation Act, 1874.

; In part; namely, — i Preamble, and to "same as follows."

I Section two.

Section seven, the words "within six months after the passing of this Act or" and from "This section " to the end of the section.

Section nineteen, from "either before" to "of this I Act."

37 & 38 Vict. c. 86

The

Irish Reproductive Loan Fund Act, 1874.

In part; namely, —

Preamble, and to "same as follows."

Section two, the word "said " before " Irish."

Section three, the words "her heirs and successors." Section twelve, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's" occurring twice.

Section thirteen.

Schedule.

37 <& 38 Vict. c. 87.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 88.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 89.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 91.

37 & 38 Vict 38 Vict. c. 92.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 94.

The Endowed Schools Act, 1874.

In part; namely, —

From " Be it enacted " to "same as follows."

Section one, to " seventy-four."

Section two, the words "and her successors, " " after the passing of this Act, " and "Commissioners of Her Majesty's " occurring twice.

Section four, from " after the said " to " seventy-four." Section nine, the definition of the Charity Commissioners.

Section ten, from " on and after " to " seventy-four" and from "and this Act and" to "and 1874, " and the word "separately."

The Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1874.

In part; namely, —

Preamble, and to "same as follows."

The words " after the commencement of this Act " in sections one, nine, and ten.

Section forty, from " to imprisonment " to " years or." Section forty-eight, the definitions of the Summary Jurisdiction Acts and court of summary jurisdiction. Section fifty.

Section fifty-two, from "and those Acts" to the end of the section.

The Sanitary Law Amendment Act, 1874.

In part; namely, —

Preamble, and to "same as follows."

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Council of the Governor-General of Indio.

In part; namely, —

Preamble, and to "same as follows."

The Alderney Harbour (Transfer) Act, 1874.

In part; namely, —

Preamble, and to "same as follows."

Section five, from " The term ‘ the Admiralty ' " to the end of the section.

The Conveyancing (Scotland) Act, 1874.

In part; namely, —

Preamble, and to "same as follows."

Section three, the words "steward " (secondly occurring), and " and steward substitute."

Section fifty-seven to " Act " where it first occurs, and the words "after the commencement of this Act." Section fifty-eight, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's" and "from and after the commencement of this Act."

Section sixty-one, the words "it is provided that" and " it is further provided that " and from " notwithstanding" to " referred to."

Section sixty-two from " to be holden in " to " lands held by burgage tenure " and from " but also when " to the end of the section.

Section 8i«y^t; i:ed

Reign and Chapter. Title.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 3. - The Metropolitan Police Magistrates Act, 1875. In part; namely. — Preamble, nrnrto " same as follows." Section one, to " Act " and from " shall accrue " to " magistrate and, " and the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

38 & 39 Vict. c. 5. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Registry of Deeds Office, Ireland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

38 & 39 Vict. c. 9. - The Building Societies Act, 1875. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two, to "Act" where it first occurs, and the word "said " before " Act."

38 & 39 Vict 39 Vict. c. 11. - The Leasing Powers Amendment Act for Religious Purposes in Ireland. 1875. In part; namely, - — From "Be it therefore" to "same as follows."

38 & 39 Vict. c. 12. - The International Copyright Act, 1876. In part; namely, — Preamble, end to " same as follows, viz."

38 & 39 Vict 39 Vict. c. 13. - The Holidays Extension Act, 1875. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " some as follows; that is to say." Section one, to " Act " where it first occurs.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 15. - The Sea Fisheries Act, 1875. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows."

38 & 39 Vict. c. 16. - The Regimental Exchange Act, 1875. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows.1 '

38 & 39 Vict. c. 17. - The Explosives Act, 1875. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Section two. Section fifty-three, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." The words " the Commissioners of " wherever they occur in sections ninety-seven to ninety-nine, except in sub-sections (3) and (4) of section ninety-seven. Section one hundred and eight, so far as it defines " Secretary of State." The definitions of Summary Jurisdiction Acts and court of summary jurisdiction in sections one hundred and eight and one hundred and twenty, and the definition of quarter sessions in section one hundred and eight. Section one hundred and fourteen, the words, " in Edinburgh or on circuit." Section one hundred and twenty-two. Fourth Schedule. M

Reign and Chapter. Title.

38 & 39 Vict 39 Vict. c. 18. - The Seal Fishery Act, 1875. In part; namely, — From "*Be it enacted " to u same as follows."

38 & 39 Vict. c. 20. - The Dublin Justices Act, 1875. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section three, from " or other " to " Ireland " and the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

38 & 39 Vict. c. 21. - The Public Entertainments Act, 1875. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 22. - The Post Office Act, 1875. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section nine, from " of the Treasury " where those words secondly occur to " Treasury and." Section eleven, the definition of the Treasury. Section thirteen, from "the Acts mentioned" to the end of the section.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 23. - The Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1875. In part; namely, — Section eight, to " law."

38 & 39 Vict 39 Vict. c. 24. - The Falsification of Accounts Act, 1875. In part; namely, — Preamble, and tc " same as follows." Section one, the first word " That, " and from " or to be imprisoned " to the end of the section.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 25. - The Public Stores Act, 1875. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Section two, the definitions of Secretary of State, the Admiralty, and Summary Jurisdiction Acts, and from " In England " to " referred to, and." Section five, from " or to be imprisoned " to the end of the section.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 26. - An Act to amend the Law of Bankruptcy in Scotland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section three, to " Act."

38 & 39 Vict. c. 27. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to extend" and ends with the word "value." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." '

38 & 39 Vict. c. 28. - The Metropolitan Police Staff (Superannuation) Act, 1875. In part; namely, — Preamble, an<l to " same as follows." Section one, to " referred to as " and the words "after the passing of this Act."

38 & 39 Vict. c. 29. - The Endowed Schools (Vested Interests) Act Continuance Act, 1875. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two, the word "whether" and from "of i the" to " 1874 or."

38 & 30 Vict. c. 32. - The Survey (Great Britain) Continuance Act, 1875. i

38 & 39 Vict 39 Vict. c. 33. - An Act to amend the Metropolis Management Acts. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." I Section one, to " seventy-six." Section two, from " in the valuation " to " seventy-six, and" and the word "thereafter."

38 & 39 Vict. c. 34. - 1 The Bishopric of St. Albans Act, 1875. ! In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two. Section three, the word "said " before " Saint Albans." Section six, to " Rochester " where it first occurs. Section eleven, to " Act " where it first occurs, from " with the consent " to " Rochester " where it next occurs, and from " and after " to " consent." Section twelve. Section fourteen, to "Provided that" where those words last occur, and from "subject and" to " Rochester " where that word last occurs. Section seventeen, the words "from and after the date of the passing of this Act."

38 & 39 Vict. c. 35. - The South Wales Turnpike Trusts Amendment Act, 1875.

38 & 39 Vict 39 Vict. c. 38. - 1 The Parliament of Canada Act, 1875. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, to " so repealed."

38 & 39 Vict. c. 39. -; The Metalliferous Mines Regulation Act, 1875. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, to " Act " where it first occurs. Section two.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 40. -1 1 1 The Municipal Elections Act, 1875. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to " follows (that is to say)." Section one, the words "after the passing or this Act." LC

Reign and Chapter. Title.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 41. - 1 | The Intestates Widows and Children (Scotland) Act, 1875. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

38 & 39 Vict. c. 42. -:i The Glebe Lands, Representative Church Body (Ireland) Act, 1875. In part; namely, — Preamble, from " And whereas" where those words secondly occur to end of preamble, and from " Be it enacted " to li same as follows."

38 & 39 Vict. c. 43. - The Medical Act, Royal College of Surgeons of England, | 1875. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

38 & 39 Vict. c. 45. - The Sinking Fund Act, 1875. In part; namely, — From Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Section nine, the definitions of Treasury, National I Debt Commissioners, Bank of England, and Bank of Ireland.

i 38 & 39 Vict. c. 46. - j i The Bridges (Ireland) Act, 1875. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

38 & 39 Vict. c. 47. - l An Act to amend the Law in regard to Constables and Peace Officers in Scotland. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Section one, to " seventy-five."

38 & 39 Vict. c. 48. - The Police (Expenses) Act, 1875.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 51. The Pacific Islanders Protection Act, 1875. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Section two, to " enacted as follows." Section three, to " enacted as follows." Section four, to " enacted as follows." Section eight, to " enacted as follows."

38 & 39 Vict. c. 53. - The Canada Copyright Act, 1875. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

38 & 39 Vict. c. 54. - An Act to amend the Qualification required by Persons acting as Justices of the Peace. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." CjO

287

Reign and Chapter.

Title.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 55.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 56. - I

38 & 39 Vict 39 Vict. c. 57. -

The Public Health Act, 1875.

In part; namely, —

From " Be it enacted" to "same as follows."

Section four, the definitions of court of summary jurisdiction and Summary Jurisdiction Acts. Section twelve, to " Act " where it first occurs. Section three hundred and forty-two, the words "After the passing of this Act."

Section three hundred and forty-three, to " (that is to . say) That " and from " Provided also " to the end of the section.

Schedule V., Part 1.

The County Surveyors Superannuation Act (Ireland), 1875. In part; namely, —

Preamble, and to "same as follows."

Section one, from " or other " to " Ireland."

The Pharmacy Act (Ireland), 1875.

In part; namely, —

Preamble, and to "same as follows."

Section three, the definition of Lord Lieutenant. Section seven, the words "the persons by this Act named as."

Section eight, the word "subsequent."

Section sixteen, the words "At the first meeting of" and " or some adjournment of the same, they, " sub-section (3), and from " held " to " meeting." Section seventeen, to " druggist and, " and the words "respectively, " " Any resolution and, " and " Any such resolution and."

Section eighteen.

Section nineteen.

Section twenty-one, the words "or as chemists and druggists " occurring twice, and from " and all persons " to " pursuance of this Act."

Section twenty-two, from " Every person who " where those words secondly occur to the end of the section. Section twenty-four, from and also " to " Ireland " and from " or as " to " respectively."

Section twenty-seven, the words "and of the register of chemists and druggists."

Section twenty-nine, the words "or as a chemist and druggist" and " or chemist and druggist."

Section thirty, to " Provided always that " w'here those words first occur, and the words "or a chemist and druggist " " or the title of chemist and druggist, " and "or as a chemist and druggist respectively."

Section thirty-one, from " or of chemists " to " this Act."

Section thirty-two, the words "or as a chemist and druggist " " or chemist and druggist and " or a chemist and druggist."

288

Reign and Chapter.

Title.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 58. - The Public Works Loans (Money) Act, 1875.

j In part; namely, —

' Preamble, and to "same os follows (that is to say)."

! Section four, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

38 & 39 Vict. c. 59. - The Public Records (Ireland) Act, 1867, Amendment Act,

1875.

In part; namely, —

Preamble, and to "same as follows."

Section five, the words "from and after the passing

of this Act, " and " her heirs and successors."

! 1

38 & 39 Vict. <; . 60. - The Friendly Societies Act, 1875.

In part; namely, —

, Preamble, and to "same as follows."

Section two.

Section four, the definitions of the Treasury and Summary Jurisdiction Acts.

Section thirty-three, sub-clause (7), the words "or ! any circuit court thereof " and the words "to the

(Court of Justiciary at Edinburgh."

38 & 39 Vict. c. 61. - The Entail Amendment (Scotland) Act, 1875.

j In part; namely, —

Preamble, and to "same as follows."

Section two.

Section five, to " enacted as follows, " from " holden by " to " forty-eight, " and from " except the " j where those words first occur to "to succeed"

! where those words next occur.

Section six, from " holden by " to " forty-eight." j Section seven, to "Act" where it first occurs, and from " holden by " to " forty-eight."

I Section eight, from " holden by " to " forty-eight, "

aud from " where the improvements " to " to the court."

The words, " dated prior to the first day of August, one thousand eight hundred and forty-eight" in sections nine, ten, and eleven.

Section twelve, from "on or before" to "seventy-, five " and the word "thereafter, " and in sub-clause (5) the words "in lieu of lodging an affidavit as at I present."

I

38 & 39 Vict. c. 62. - ' The Summary Prosecutions Appeals (Scotland) Act, 1875.

In part; namely, — j From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows."

Reign and Chapter. Title.

38 & 39 " Vict. c. 63. - I The Sale of Food and Drugs Act, 1875. | In part; namely, — i Title, from " to repeal" to " Acts and." 1 Preamble, and to "same as follows." 1 Section thirty, to " seventy six." Section thirty-three, sub-clause 10 and in sub-clause 11, from " to the next" to "no circuit courts " and the words "at Edinburgh." Section thirty five.

88 & 39 Vict 39 Vict. c. 64. - The Government Officers (Security) Act, 1875. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two, from " The expression " to the end of the section.

88 & 39 Vict 39 Vict. c. 65. - The Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1875. In part; numely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section fifteen.

88 & 39 Vict. c. 67. - The Lunatic Asylums (Ireland) Act, 1875. In part; namely, — Preamble, from " And whereas " where those words first occur to end of preamble, and from " Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Section two, from " The term the Lord " to the end of the section.

88 & 39 Vict. c. 68. - The Department of Science and Art Act, 1875. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows."

38 & 39 Vict. c. 70. - The Chimney Sweepers Act, 1875. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Section two. Section four, from " Court of " to the end of the section. Section twenty-two, from " or other " to " time being." The Schedule, Part II.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 71. - The Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1875. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section three, from " and the said " to the end of the section.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 74. - The Public Health (Scotland) Act (1867) Amendment Act, 1875. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section three, the words "the Commissioners of" occurring twice. edb

Reign and Chapter. Tide.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 76. - The Ecclesiastical Fees Act, 1875. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section four, the words "from and after the passing of this Act " and " for England."

38 & 39 Vict. c. 77. - The Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1875. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as-follows." Section one, from " together " to " and this Act, " and the word "separately." Section four, from " Such appointment " to " the Act." Section ten, to " take effect (that is to say)." Section fourteen, to " enacted that." Section seventeen, the words "From and after the commencement of this Act " where they first occur, and from " if made before " to " this Act " where those words last occur. Section eighteen, from "The present" to "retain and " where they next occur, and the words "and the said Judge shall retain." Section twenty-two, to " hereby enacted that." Section twenty-three, the words "at any time after the passing of this Act and." Section twenty-five, from " This section " to the end of the section. Section thirty, to " repealed, " and from " shall come " to " Act and." Section thirty-three, to " Act" where it first occurs. Section thirty-five, the words "Be it enacted that " and the word "that" where it next occurs.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 79. - The Legal Practitioners Act, 1875. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

38 & 39 Vict. c. 80. - The Remission of Penalties Act, 1875. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section one, to " enacted that."

33 & 39 Vict. c. 82. - The National School Teachers Residences (Ireland) Act, 1875. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section two, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's" and " non-vested." Section three, to " first and last of such payments." Schedule, so far as relates to 12 & 13 Vict. c. 23. and 13 & 14 Vict. c. 113.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 83 - The Local Loans Act, 1875. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section three.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 84. The Parliamentary Elections (Returning Officers) Act, 1875. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows/* Section nine.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 86. - The Conspiracy and Protection of Property Act, 1875. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows/* Section two. Section eighteen, sub-clause (2.) Section nineteen, the words "in Edinburgh or on circuit." Section twenty, from " to the next to " no circuit courts, *' and the words "at Edinburgh." Section twenty-one, so far as it defines Summary Jurisdiction Act, and court of summary jurisdiction.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 87. - The Land Transfer Act, 1875. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section three. Section five, the words "on and after the commencement of this Act." Section seven, the words "her heirs and successors." Section eleven, the words "on and after the commencement of this Act." Section thirteen, the words "her heirs and successors." Section thirty, the words "her heirs and successors." Section thirty-five, the words "her heirs and successors." Section sixty-five, the words "her heirs or successors occurring twice, and " or their/* Section sixty-six, the words "Her Majesty's" and "Forests and Land Revenues." Section one hundred and six, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's" wherever they occur. Section one hundred and twelve, the words "the Commissioners of." Section one hundred and eighteen, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section one hundred and twenty-two, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section one hundred and twenty-three, the words "at the time of the commencement of this Act" and "from and after the commencement of This Act." Section one hundred and twenty-five, to "Act" where it first occurs. Section one hundred and twenty-six, to "Act" where it first occurs.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 89. - The Public IVorfcs Leans Act, 1875. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted" to "same as follows." Section two. Section fifty-one. the definitions of the Treasury, National Debt Commissioners, and Bank of England. Section fifty-three. Section fifty-seven, to " Act and " the words "other and "from and after the commencement of this Act" and the sub-clauses marked (a), (c), (d), and (e) and the word "nor" in sub-clause (6). Third Schedule.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 90. - j i i i The Employers nnd Workmen Act, 1875. In part; namely, — From "Be it enacted to " same as follows." Section two. Section eight, from " at any time " to " this Act and.* Section nine, from " at any time " to " this Act and.* Section ten, from " The expression where those words secondly occur, to the end of the section. Section fifteen so far as it defines Summary Jurisdiction Act and court of summary jurisdiction.

38 & 39 Vict 39 Vict. c. 95. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the word "Dublin.* In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows.'* The words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's*-wherever they occur in sections one and two. Section two, the word "said *' before " Commissioners.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 96. - The National School Teachers (Ireland) Act, 1875. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows (that is to say)." Section three, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's occurring twice. [Section four, from " in the year *' where those words i last occur to "seventy-six and, " and the word i " subsequent.", Section seven, from "the year" where those words first occur to "seventy six and, " and from "in 1 the year '* where those words last occur to ! "seventy-five and, " and the word "subsequent" i occurring twice. j Section ten, from " in the " to " seventy-six and and I the word "subsequent.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 58. - i Army Act. In part; namely, — Sections one hundred and ninety-one to one hundred and ninety-three (being Part VI.) and the Fifth Schedule. -

Statute Law Revision (No. 2) A, 1893. Ch. 54, 55. SECOND SCHEDULE.

293

Reign and Chapter. j ' Title.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 88. - The Cambridge University Act, 1856. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows." Section five, to " cense and " and the word "said." Section seven, from, " on or " where first occurring to "and also." Section forty-five, to " fifty-six." Section forty-six, to " lifty-six."

CHAPTER 55.

An Act to amend the Metropolis Management Acts.

[22nd September 1893.]

WHEREAS since the date of the Metropolis Management Act, 1855 (herein-after called "the principal Act"), the parish of Plumstead, which is now one of five parishes constituting the Plumstead District, and the parish of Saint Mary, Stoke Newington, which is now united with the parish of Hackney, and together constituting the Hackney District., have respectively greatly increased in the number of inhabited houses, in population, and in rateable value, so as to entitle the said parishes to a more complete control and management of their local affairs, and it is therefore expedient to amend the principal Act and make provision with reference to the said parishes as herein-after contained:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

X. In this Act — Interpretation.

"The Plumstead Vestry" means the vestry of the parish of Plumstead; "the Saint Mary, Stoke Newington, Vestry" means the vestry of the parish of Saint Mary, Stoke Newington; and " the Hackney Vestry" means the vestry of the parish of Hackney as incorporated by this Act.

"The Plumstead District Board" means the Board of Works for the Plumstead District as constituted by the principal Act;

"The Lee District Board" means the Board of Works for the Lee District as it will be constituted by the name of the Board of Works for the Lee District after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four;

"The Hackney District Board" means the Board of Works for the Hackney District as constituted by the principal Act.

2. The principal Act as amended by any subsequent Acts and Construction, this Act shall be construed together as one Act.

294

Separation of Plumstead from the Plumstead District, and dissolution of the Hackney Board of Works.

Byelaws, &c. in Plumstead and Saint Mary, Stoke Newington.

Property, claims, of Plumstead District Board apportioned.

3. From and after tho twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four, —

(1.) The parish of Plumstead shall cease to be united with the # parishes mentioned in Schedule " B " of the principal Act as forming the Plumstead District, and the Board of Works for the district of Hackney shall be dissolved.

(2.) The principal Act shall be read and have effect as if the said parishes of Plumstead, Saint Mary Stoke Newington, and Hackney had been- named in Part IL of Schedule "A" of the said Act, and the vestries of the said parishes shall respectively become and be bodies corporate by the several names of the vestry of the parish of Plumstead, the vestry of the parish of Saint Mary Stoke Newington, and the vestry of the parish of Hackney.

(3.) The parishes named in the said Schedule B. (other than the parish of Plumstead) as forming the Plumstead District shall form the Lee District, and the Board of Works for the Plumstead District shall continue to be a body corporate by the name of the Board of Works for the Lee District.

(4.) No person elected a member of the Plumstead District Board by the Plumstead Vestry shall remain a member of the Lee District Board, and the power of the said vestry to elect any member of such district board shall cease as from that date.

4. All byelaws and regulations made by the Plumstead District Board, and subsisting on the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four, shall continue in force in the parish of Plumstead and be enforceable in that parish by the Plumstead Vestry instead of by the Plumstead District Board until repealed or altered by the Plumstead Vestry in accordance with the law applicable thereto; and all the byelaws and regulations made by the Hackney District Board, and subsisting on the tweDty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four, shall continue in force in the parishes of Saint Mary Stoke Newington, and Hackney, and be enforceable by the Saint Mary Stoke Newington Vestry and the Hackney Vestry in their respective parishes instead of by the Hackney District Board until repealed or altered in accordance with the law relating thereto. 5

5, From and after the said twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four, —

(1.) All hereditaments, furniture, and fittings belonging to the Plumstead District Board situate within the parish of Plumstead, and all chattels belonging to the Plumstead District Board used solely for the purposes of the parish of Plumstead, shall vest in and become the property of the Plumstead Vestry.

(2.) The property then belonging to the Plumstead District Board, and not already described in this section, shall, including the hereditaments, building, furniture, and fittings in the parishes of Charlton, Eltham, Lee, and Kidbrooke, remain and be the property of the Lee District Board.

295

Metropolis Management (Ch. 55.

and Hackney), 1893.

' (3.) All sums due by the Plumstead District Board to the London County Council and to other creditors (not being superannuation allowances) shall in each case, with the consent in writing of the London County Council or other creditors, be apportioned between the Lee District Board and the Plumstead Vestry on the basis of the vestry becoming liable for all sums due in respect of their parish and of the Lee District Board remaining liable for all sums due in respect of the other parishes in the Plumstead District; such apportionment shall be carried into effect by a deed, and until such apportionment all such sums shall remain and be a debt of the Plumstead District Board as constituted by the principal Act to the London County Council and other creditors; and any moneys payable by the said Plumstead District Board in respect thereof shall notwithstanding anything in this Act contained be levied and paid until such apportionment in all respects as if this Act had not been passed.

(4.) The sums due by the Plumstead District Board to the London County Council and other creditors and apportioned to the Lee District Board shall be a debt of the Lee District Board to the London County Council and other creditors, and the Plumstead Vestry shall not be liable to pay the same or any part thereof, and no security therefor shall operate against the said vestry or any property of the said vestry or rates leviable in the parish of Plumstead.

(5.) The sums due by the Plumstead District Board to the London County Council and other creditors and apportioned to the Plumstead Vestry shall be a debt of the Plumstead Vestry to the London County Council and other creditors, and the Lee District Board shall not be liable to pay the same or any part thereof, and no security therefor shall operate against the Lee District Board or any property of the said Lee District Board or rates leviable in any o£ the, parishes within the Lee District.

(6.) The Plumstead Vestry shall become liable to forthwith pay to the Plumstead District Board the amount of till outstanding accounts and all expenses incurred for work undertaken or done by the said Board solely for or within the parish of Plumstead, and a proportion of the general establishment charges and expenses of the Plumstead Di; trict Board, up to the said twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four, based upon the rateable value of the property comprised in the said parish and in the other parts of the said district according to the valuation list then in force, and the Plumstead District Board shall become and be liable to forthwith pay to the vestry all unexpended moneys raised fVom or on account of the parish of Plumstead and then in the hands of the Plumstead District Board, and from time to time thereafter the Plumstead District Board or the Lee District Board, as the case may be, shall pay to the said vestry, any moneys so raised as and when the same shall come to their hands.

(7.) Superannuation allowances heretofore payable or granted or to become payable or granted by the Plumstead District Board prior

296

Ca. 55.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 31.

As to transfer of officers of Plumstead District Board.

Arbitration in case of difference between the Plumstead District Board and Plumstead Vestry.

Metropolis Management (56 & 57 VICT.

and Hackney), 1893.

to the said twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four under the Superannuation (Metropolis) Act, 1866, to any past or present officers of the said district board shall be apportioned between the Lee District Board and the Plumstead Vestry under this Act on the basis of the Plumstead Vestry becoming liable for the whole of such allowances in respect of such officers whose duties when in the service of the Plumstead District Board were confined solely to the parish of Plumstead, and of the Plumstead Vestry becoming liable (subject to the proviso hereinafter contained) for part of such allowances in respect of any other of such officers. The proportion of the said allowances in the case of such other officers to be borne by the Plumstead Vestry and the Lee District Board shall be based upon the rateable value of the property comprised in the said parish and the Lee District respectively, according to the valuation list then in force, and the allowances and parts thereof to be borne by the Plumstead Vestry under this Act shall be from time to time paid by the Plumstead Vestry to the Lee District Board, and shall constitute and remain a liability of the Plumstead Vestry, and such allowances shall continue to be paid to such officers by the Lee District Board, and such apportionment shall be carried into effect by deed. Provided that no part of the allowance to any such officer whose duties were confined solely to the parishes to be constituted the Lee District shall be borne by the Plumstead Vestry.

6. Any officers in the service of the Plumstead District Board whose duties sure confined solely or mainly to the parish of Plumstead separated therefrom under this Act, or who the said district board at any time previously to the said twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four shall by resolution declare ought fairly to be transferred to the service of the said Plumstead Vestry, shall be transferred to the service of the said vestry upon the terms and conditions in each case of their appointment under the said district board, and with respect to every such officer, or to any other officer of the said Plumstead District Board who shall within one year from the said day be appointed by the Plumstead Vestry to an office in the service of the Plumstead Vestry, the time during which he shall have been in the service of the Plumstead District Board shall in computing the time of his service for the purpose of superannuation under the Superannuation (Metropolis) Act, 1866, be added to the time during which he shall have been in the service of the Plumstead Vestry; provided that every such resolution for transfer shall state the grounds on which the Plumstead District Board considers that the officer named therein ought fairly to be transferred to the service of the Plumstead Vestry. 7

7. If any dispute or difference arise between the Plumstead District Board, the Lee District Board, and the Plumstead Vestry or any of them as to the apportionment of any property, claim, demand, debt, allowance, or liability under this Act, or as to any question arising between them under or in consequence of this Act,

the same shall be referred for determination to an arbitrator, to be appointed by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State on the application of the said district board and vestry or either of them, and any person so appointed as arbitrator shall have power to give such directions as he may think expedient.

8. The property, claims, and demands, and the debts and liabili- Property, ties of the Hackney District Board shall be apportioned between &c- of the parishes of Saint Mary Stoke Newington, and Hackney by u^ard and agreement, or in default thereof by an arbitrator to be appointed arbitration as mentioned in the preceding section as he shall think tit, and thereon-

he shall have power to give such directions as may seem to him to be expedient as to the sale and conversion of any of the property of the Hackney District Board and as to the application of the proceeds or of any part thereof in payment of any of the debts or liabilities of the said board, and until such apportionment the claims and demands and the debts and liabilities of the said board shall not by reason of its dissolution cease or determine. Provided also, that the apportionment of any sums due by the said board to the London County Council and to other creditors shall be subject in each case to the consent in writing of the London County Council or other creditor to such apportionment.

9. The property, claims, demands, debts, allowances, and liabilities Effect of award mentioned in any award under the two preceding sections of this Act shall, by virtue of such award, be transferred and vest in 0 a 1 accordance with the same, and any such award shall be final and conclusive; and there shall be paid to any such arbitrator by the vestries concerned and not by the district boards any expenses incurred by him or under his directioDS in relation to any arbitration or award made by him under this Act, and any inquiry or inquiries relative thereto, including the expenses of any witnesses summoned by any such arbitrator, which expenses shall be certified by him and a sum to be fixed by such Secretary of State for the services of such arbitrator.

10. All Acts conferring powers upon the Plumstead District Continuance of Board and the Hackney District Board or either of them within

their districts or any part of their respective districts shall be read proceedings, and construed as applicable and enforceable from and after the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four by the Plumstead Vestry, the Saint Mary Stoke Newington Vestry, and the Hackney Vestry within their parishes respectively, and by the Lee District Board within the Lee District; and any action, suit, or other proceeding pending by or against the said District Boards or either of them on the said twenty-fifth day of March may, after that date, be continued by or against the Plumstead Vestry, the Lee District Board, the Saint Mary Stoke Newington Vestry, or the Hackney Vestry as may be agreed between the parties interested, and in default of agreement may be continued and proceeded frith notwithstanding anything in this Act contained by or against the Lee District Board or the Hackney District Board as the case may be. Provided t^]question

which may arise between the said Vestries and District Boards or either of them as to the ultimate apportionment of any moneys, costs, expenses, or liabilities, the subject of any such action, suit, or proceeding shall be determined by an arbitrator appointed as herein-before provided.

Existing 1L — (1.) Every person who at the passing of this Act is an

board*' officer of either of the said District Boards, and who after the

officer*. twenty-fifth day of March one thousand e; ght hundred and

ninety-four continues in tie service of the Lee District Board or either of the said vestries as an officer thereof, shall in computing the time of his service for. the purposes of the Superannuation (Metropolis) Act, 1866, be deemed to have served continuously from the time of the commencement of his service with the Plumstead or Hackney District Board as the case may be.

(2.) Every such offioer who in consequence of this Act suffers any pecuniary loss by abolition of office or by diminution or loss fcf salary, fees, or emoluments, shall be entitled to have pecuniary compensation for such pecuniary loss paid to him, if he has been an officer in the service o£ the Plumstead District Board by the Plumstead Vestry, or if an officer in the service of the Hackney District Board by the Vestry of Saint Maiy Stoke Newington.j»

(3.) The amount of compensation to be paid to any such officer shall in case of difference be determined by an arbitrator tf) be appointed by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State on the application of the vestry or such officer, and the amount of the award shall be final.

12. The provisions of section one hundred and eighty o£ tl*e ^8 & 39 Vict. Public Health Act, 1875 (regulations as to arbitration), shall so-far c-55* as applicable and subject to the provisions of this Act apply to(any

arbitration under this Act.

Expenses of 13. The expenses of and relating to the passing of this Act shall Act* be defrayed by the Plumstead Vestry and the Saint Mary Stoke

Newington Vestry in equal moieties.

[Short title.]

14. This Act maybe cited for all purposes as the Metropolis Management (Plumstead and Hackney) Act, 1893.

CHAPTER 56.

An Act to amend the Law with respect to the sale of Agricultural Fertilisers and Feeding Stuffs.

[22nd September 1893.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Warranty on

1. — (1.) Every person who sells for use as a fertiliser of the soil

* ale of any article manufactured in the United Kingdom or imported from

fertiliser.

Fertilisers and Feeding Stuffs Act, 1893. Ch. 56.

299

abroad shall give to the purchaser an invoice stating the name of the article and whether it is an artificially compounded article or not, and what is at least the percentage of the nitrogen, soluble and insoluble phosphates, and potash, if any, contained in the article, and this invoice shall have effect as a warranty by the seller of the statements contained therein.

(2.) For the purposes of this section an article shall be deemed to be manufactured if it has been subjected to any artificial process.

(3.) This section shall not apply to a sale where the whole amount sold at the same time weighs less than half a hundredweight.

2. — (1.) Every person who sells for use as food for cattle any Warranty on article which has been artificially prepared shall give to the feedlD£ purchaser an invoice stating the name of the article and whether 8 u *

it has been prepared from one substance or seed, or from more than one substance or seed, and this invoice shall have effect as a -warranty, by the seller of the statements contained therein.

(2.) Where any article sold for use as food for cattle is sold under a name or description implying that it is prepared from any particular substance, or from any two or more particular substances, or is the product of any particular seed, or of any two or more particular seeds, and without any indication that it is mixed or compounded with any other substance or seed, there shall be imjllied a warranty by the seller that it is pure, that is to say, is prepared from that substance or those substances only, or is a product of that seed or those seeds only.

(3.) On the sale of any article for use as food for cattle there shall be implied a warranty by the seller that the article is suitable for feeding purposes.

(4.) Any statement by the seller of the percentages of nutritive and other ingredients contained in any article sold for use ns food for cattle, made after the commencement of this Act in an invoice of such article or in any circular or advertisement descriptive of such article, shall have effect ns a warranty by the seller. 3

3. — (1.1 If any person who sells any article for use as a fertiliser Penalties for of the soil or as food for cattle commits any of the following breac, h of do, y

a- i J o by seller,

offences, namely: —

(a.) Fails without reasonable excuse to give, on or before or as soon as possible after the delivery of the article, the invoice required by this Act; or

(i b.) Causes or permits any invoice or description of the article sold by him to be false in any material particular to the prejudice of the purchaser; or

(c.) Sells for use as food for cattle any article which contains

any ingredient deleterious to cattle, or to which has been f

Ch. 56. Fertilisers Feeding Stuffs 56 & 57 Vict.

Act, 1893.

added any ingredient worthless for feeding purposes and not disclosed at the time of the sale, he shall, without prejudice to any civil liability, be liable, on summary conviction, for a first offence to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds and for any subsequent offence to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

(2.) In any proceeding for an offence under this section it shall be no defence to allege that tl»e buyer, having bought only for analysis, was not prejudiced by the sale.

(3.) A person alleged to have committed an offence under this section in respect of an article sold by him shall be entitled to the same rights and remedies, civil or criminal, against the person from whom he bought the article as are available to the person who bought the article from him, and any damages recovered - by him may, if the circumstances justify it, include the amount of any fine and costs paid by him on conviction under this section, and the costs of and incidental to his defence on such conviction.

4. — (1.) The Board of Agriculture shall appoint a chief agricultural analyst (hereafter referred to as the chief analyst), who shall have such remuneration out of moneys provided by Parliament as the Treasury may assign. The chief analyst shall not while holding his office engage in private practice.

(2.) Every county council shall, and the council of any county borough may, appoint or concur with another council or other councils in appointing for the purposes of this Act a district agricultural analyst (hereafter referred to as a district analyst) for its county or borough, or a district comprising the counties or boroughs of the councils so concurring. The remuneration of any such district analyst shall be provided by the council, or in the case of a joint appointment by the respective councils in such proportions as they may agree, and shall be paid, in the case of a county, as general expenses, and, in the case of a county borough, out of the borough fund or borough rate. The appointment shall be subject to the approval of the Board of Agriculture. Provided that no person shall while holding the office of district analyst engage in any trade, manufacture, or business connected with the sale or importation of articles used for fertilising the soil or as food for cattle.

5. — (1.) Every buyer of any article used for fertilising the

purchaser to soil or as food for cattle shall, on payment to a district analyst hare fertiliser Qf a fee sanctioned by the body who appointed the analyst, be staff analysed, entitled, within ten days after delivery of the article to the buyer or receipt of the invoice by the buyer, whichever is later, to have the article analysed by the analyst, and to receive from him a certificate of the result of his analysis.

(2.) Where a buyer of an article desires to have the article analysed in pursuance of this section, he shall, in accordance with regulations made by the Board of Agriculture, take three samples of the article, and shall in accordance with the said

Power to appoint

analysts.

1893. Fertilisers and Feeding Stuffs Ch. 56. 301

Act, 1893.

regulations cause each sample to be marked, sealed, and fastened up, and shall deliver or send by post one sample with the invoice or a copy thereof to the district analyst; and shall give another sample to the seller, and shall retain the third sample for future comparison: Provided that a district analyst, or some person authorised by him in that behalf with the approval of the body who appointed the analyst, shall, on request either by the buyer or by the seller, and on payment of a fee sanctioned by the said body, take the samples on behalf of the buyer.

(3.) The certificate of the district analyst shall be in such form and contain such particulars as the Board of Agriculture direct, and every district analyst shall report to the Board as they direct the result of any analysis made by him in pursuance of this Act.

(4.) If the seller or the buyer objects to the certificate of the district analyst, one of the samples selected, or another sample selected in like manner, may, at the request of the seller, or, as the case may be, the buyer, be submitted with the invoice or a copy thereof to the chief analyst, and the seller, or, as the case may be, the buyer, shall, on payment of a fee sanctioned by the Treasury, be entitled to have the sample anatysed by the chief analyst, and to receive from him a certificate of the result of his analysis.

(5.) At the hearing of any civil or criminal proceeding with respect to any article analysed in pursuance of this section, the production of a certificate of the district analyst, or if a sample has been submitted to the chief analyst, then of the chief analyst, shall be sufficient evidence of the facts therein stated, unless the defendant or person charged requires that the analyst be called as a witness.

(6.) The costs of and incidental to the obtaining of any analysis in pursuance of this section shall be borne by the seller or the buyer in accordance with the results of the analysis, and shall be recoverable as a simple contract debt.

6. If any person knowingly and fraudulently — Penalty for

(a) tampers with any parcel of fertiliser or feeding stuff so as to tamperin* procure that any sample of it taken in pursuance of this Act

does not correctly represent the contents of the parcel; or

(b) tampers with any sample taken under this Act;

he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months.

7. — (1.) A prosecution for an offence under this Act may be Prosecutions instituted either by the person aggrieved, or by the council of a and aP eals-county or borough, or by any body or association authorised in that behalf by the Board of Agriculture, but in the case of an offence under section three shall not be instituted by the person aggrieved or by any body or association except on a certificate by the Board of Agriculture that there is reasonable ground for the prosecution.

(2.) Any person aggrieved by a summary conviction under this Act may appeal to a court of quarter sessions.

Ch. 56.

Construction and application.

Application to Scotland.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 50.

Application to Ireland.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 63.

[Commencement of Act.]

[Short title.]

Fertilisers and Feeding Staffs 56 & 57 Vict Act, 1893.

8. — (1) For the purposes of this Act the expression "cattle" shall mean bulls, cows, oxen, heifers, calves, sheep, goats, swine, and horses; and the expressions "soluble " and " insoluble " shall respectively mean soluble and insoluble in water.

(2.) This Act shall apply to wholesale as well as retail sales.

9. In the application of this Act to Scotland —

(1.) The expression "council of any county borough " shall mean the magistrates and town council of a burgh, and the duties and powers of councils of counties and county burghs shall be performed and be exerciseable in a county by the county councils or district committees thereof, and in a burgh by the magistrates and town council, and the remuneration of district analysts appointed under this Act shall be paid in the case of a county out of the consolidated rate, and in the case of a burgh out of the police or burgh general assessment.

(2.) The expression "burgh" means a burgh which returns or contributes to return a member to Parliament, not being a burgh to which section fourteen of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889, applies.

(3.) Penalties for offences under this Act may be recovered summarily before the sheriff in manner provided by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts, and any person aggrieved by a summary conviction may appeal therefrom in accordance with the provisions of those Acts.

10. For the purposes of the execution of this Act in Ireland, inclusive of the appointment of a chief agricultural analyst, the Lord Lieutenant acting by the advice of the Privy Council shall be substituted for the Board of Agriculture, and the district analysts shall be the analysts appointed for counties and boroughs in Ireland under the Sale of Food and Drugs Act, 1875, and the additional remuneration of such analysts for their duties under this. Act shall be provided in manner directed by the said Act of 1875 and any Act amending the same.

11. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four.

12. This Act may be cited as the Fertilisers and Feeding Stuffs Act, 1893.

1893. Law of Commons Amendment Ch. 57, 58. 303

Act, 1893.

CHAPTER 57.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Commons.

[22nd September 1893.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Law of Short title of Commons Amendment Act, 1893. Act.

2. An inclosure or approvement of any part of a common Consent of purporting to be made under the statute of Merton and the statute oard of of Westminster the second, or either of such statutes, shall not be SSentidto valid unless it is made with the consent of the Board of Agriculture, inclosure.

3. In giving or withholding their consent, under this Act, the Conditions Board shall have regard to the s ime considerations, and shall, if of necessary, hold the same inquiries as are directed by the Commons 89 & 4o Vict. Act, 187d, to be taken into consideration and held by the Board c. 56. before forming an opinion whether an application under the Inclosure Acts shall be acceded to or not.

4. Nothing in this Act shall preclude Her Majesty Her heirs Saying of and successors, or any person whatsoever whose rights or interests are affected by any inclosure or approvement, from taking any proceedings by way of information, action, or otherwise, for the abatement of such inclosure or approvement and the protection of such rights and interests.

CHAPTER 58.

An Act to amend Section Ten of the Companies (Winding-up) Act, 1890.

[22nd September 1893.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, ip this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. An order for payment of money made by the court under Effect of section ten of the Companies (Winding-up) Act, 1890, shall be ^yj, t deemed to be a final judgment within the meaning of paragraph (g) c. 63. s. io. of sub-section one of section four of the Bankruptcy Act, 1883. *6 & 47 Vict.

c. 52.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Companies (Winding-up) Act, 1893. Ch. 59. Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1893. 56 & 57 Vict.

Continuance of Acts in schedule.

[Short title.]

CHAPTER 59.

An Act to continue various Expiring Laws.

[22nd September 1893.]

WHEREAS the Acts mentioned in column one of Part L of the First Schedule to this Act are, in so far as they are in force and are temporary in their duration, limited to expire on the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three:

And whereas the Act mentioned in column one of Part II. of the First Schedule to this Act is, to the extent aforesaid, limited to expire on the first day of May one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four:

And whereas the Act mentioned in column one of the Second Schedule to this Act is, to the extent aforesaid, limited to expire on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four:

And whereas it is expedient to provide for the continuance as in this Act mentioned of those Acts, and of the enactments amending the same:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.^ The Acts mentioned in column one of Parts I. and II. of the First Schedule to this Act shall, to the extent specified in column two of that schedule, be continued until the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four:

(2.) The Act mentioned in column one of the Second Schedule to this Act shall, to the extent specified in column two of that schedule, be continued until the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-five:

(3.) Any unrepealed enactments amending or affecting the enactments continued by this Act shall, in so far as they are temporary in their duration, be continued in like maimer, whether they are mentioned in any schedule to this Act or not.

2. This Act maybe cited as the Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1893.

305

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE. Part I.

1. Original Acts. 2. How far continued. 8. Amending Acts.

(1) 5 A6 Will. 4.0.27. Linen, Hempen, Cotton, and other Manufactures (Ireland). i The whole Act. j 1 1 1 j 3 & 4 Vict. c. 91. 5 & 6 Vict. c. 68. 7 & 8 Vict. c. 47. 30 & 31 Vict. c. 60.

(2) 3 & 4 Vict. c. 89. Poor Rates, Stock in Trade Exemption. The whole Act.

(3) 4 & 5 Vict. c. 30. Survey of Great Britain. (4) 4 & 5 Vict. c. 59. Application of Highway Bates to Turnpike Roads. The whole Act. ! 33 Vict. c. 13. 1 47 & 48 Vict. c. 43. 52 & 53 Vict. c. 30. I

The whole Act.

(5) 10 & 11 Vict. c. 98. Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction. As to provisions continued by 21 & 22 Vict. c. 50.

(6) 11 & 12 Vict. c. 32. County Cess (Ireland). The whole Act. 20 & 21 Vict. c. 7.

(7) 14 & 15 Vict. c. 104. Episcopal and Capitular Estates Management. ' (8) 17 & 18 Vict. c. 102. Corrupt Practices Prevention. The whole Act.:17 & 18 Vict. c. 116. i 21 & 22 Vict. c. 94. 1 22 & 23 Vict. c. 46. 1 23 & 24 Vict. c. 124. 1 31 & 32 Vict. c. 114. s. 10.

So much as is continued by the Corrupt and Illegal 1 Practices Prevention Act, 1883. ! 26 & 27 Vict. c. 29.s.6. 1 31 & 32 Vict. c. 125. 42 & 43 Vict. c. 75. 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

(9) 23 A24 Vict. c. 19. Dwellings for Labouring Classes (Ireland)., The whole Act. ' ! i

(10) 24 & 25 Vict. c. 109. Salmon Fishery (England). (11) 26 A27 Vict. c. 105. Promissory Notes. As to appointment of inspectors, s. 31. j 49 & 50 Vict. c. 39. 8. 3.:55 & 56 Vict. c. 50.

The whole Act. u I 45 & 46 Vict. c. 61.:

TJ

800

1. Original Acts. 2. How far continued. 1 3. Amending Acts. 1

(12) 27 A28 Vict. c. 20. Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange (Ireland). The whole Act.

(13) 28 A29 Vict. c. 46. Militia Ballots Suspension. The whole Act.

(14) 28 & 29 Vict. c. 83. Loooo-motives on Roads. The whole Act. 41 & 42 Vict. c. 58. 41 & 42 Vict. c. 77. (Part II.)

(15) 29 A30 Vict. c. 52. Prosecution Expenses. The whole Act. —

(16) 31 & 32 Vict. c. 125. Parliamentary Elections. (17) 32 & 33 Vict. c. 21. Election Commissioners Expenses. So much as is continued by the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. 42 & 43 Vict. c. 75. 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

The whole Act. 34 & 35 Vict. c. 61.

(18) 33 34 Vict. c. 112. Glebe Loans (Ireland). The whole Act. 34 & 35 Vict. c. 100. 41 Vict. c. 6.

(19) 34 & 35 Vict. c. 87. Sunday Observance Prosecutions. The whole Act. —

(20) 35 & 36 Vict. c. 33. Parliamentary and Municipal Elections (Ballot). The whole Act. 45 & 46 Vict. c. 50. (Municipal Elections.)

(21) 38 & 39 Vict. c. 84. Returning Officers Expenses. (22) 39 & 40 Vict. c. 21. Juries (Ireland). The whole Act. 46 & 47 Vict c. 51. s. 32. 48 & 49 Vict. c. 62. 49 & 50 Vict. c. 57.

The whole Act. —

(23) 41 & 42 Vict. c. 41. Returning Officers Expenses (Scotland). The whole Act. 48 & 49 Vict. c. 62. 49 & 50 Vict. c. 58. 54 & 55 Vict. c. 49.

(24) 41 & 42 Vict. c. 72. Sale of Liquors on Sunday (Ireland). j The whole Act.

307

1. Original Acts. 2. How far continued. 8. Amending Acts.

(25) 43 Vict. c. 18. Parliamentary Elections. The whole Act. 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

(26) 43 & 44 Vict. c. 42. Employers Liability. The whole Act. —

(27) 44 & 45 Vict. c. 5. Peace Preservation (Ireland). The whole Act. 49 & 50 Vict. c. 24. 50 & 51 Vict. c. 20.

(28) 45 & 46 Vict. c. 59. Educational Endowments (Scotland). As to the powers of Her Majesty in Council and of the Sootch Education Department, s.47.

(29) 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51. Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention. The whole Act. —

(30) 46 & 47 Vict. c. 60. Labourers (Ireland). (31) 47 & 48 Vict. c. 70. Municipal Elections (Corrupt and Illegal Practices). The whole Act. 48 & 49 Vict. c. 77. 49 & 50 Vict. c. 59. 54 & 55 Vict. c. 48. 54 & 55 Vict. c. 71. 55 & 56 Vict. c. 7.

The whole Act.

(32) 49 & 50 Vict. c. 29. Crofters Holdings (Scotland). As to powers of Commissioners for enlargement of Holding, s. 22. 50 & 51 Vict. c. 24. 51 & 52 Vict. c. 63. 54 & 55 Vict. c. 41.

(33) 50 & 51 Vict. c. 33. Land Law (Ireland). So much of section one as relates to the time within which applications under the section may be made. 51 & 52 Vict. c. 13. 52 & 53 Vict. c. 59. 53 & 54 Vict. c. 48.

(34) 51 & 52 Vict. c. 55. Sand Grouse Protection. The whole Act. —

(35) 52 & 53 Vict. c. 40. (Welsh Intermediate Education.) As to the powers of joint education committee and suspension of powers of Charity Commissionera.

tt n

308

Part II

Issue of 26, 449, 207/. out of the Consolidated Fund.

Vower for the Treasury to borrow.

1. 1 2. 1 3.

Original Act. How far continued. Amending Act.

56 & 57 Vict. c. 13. Cholera Hospitals (Ireland). The whole Act. —

SECOND SCHEDULE,

1. Original Act. 2. How far continued. 3. Amending Acts.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 56. Endowed Schools (Schemes). As to the powers of making schemes and as to the payment of the salaries of additional Charity Commissioners. 36 A37 Vict. c. 87. 37 & 38 Vict. c. 87.

CHAPTER 60.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[22nd September 1893.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Grant out of Consolidated Fund.

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four, the sum of twenty-six million four hundred and forty-nine thousand two hundred and seven pounds.

2. The Treasury may borrow from any person, and the Bank of England may advance to the Treasury, on the credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding biiQ£^whole twenty-six

Appropriation Act> 1893. Ch. 60.

309

million four hundred and forty-nine thousand two hundred and seven pounds, and the Treasury shall repay the moneys so borrowed, with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any moneys so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

Appropriation of Grants.

3. All sums granted by this Act and the other Acts mentioned Appropriation in Schedule (A.) annexed to this Act out of the said Consolidated ^r8"^plVyted Fund towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty, services.7 amounting, as appears by the said schedule, in the aggregate, to the

sum of sixty-three million nine hundred and sixty-four thousand and fifty-seven pounds four shillings and sevenpence are appropriated and shall be deemed to have been appropriated as from the date of the passing of the first of the Acts mentioned in the said Schedule (A.) for the purposes and services expressed in Schedule (B.) annexed hereto.

The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed hereto, with the notes (if any) to such schedules, shall be deemed to be part of this Act in the same manner as if they had been contained in the body thereof. 4

4. If a necessity arise for incurring expenditure not provided for Treasury may, in the sums appropriated to naval and military services by this Act,

and which it may be detrimental to the public service to postpone exigency, until provision can be made for it by Parliament in the usual authorise course, each of the departments entrusted with the control over the *penjj£e said services shall forthwith make application in writing to the for; provided Treasury for their authority to defray temporarily such expen- that the aggre-diture out of any surpluses which may have been or which may ^cn^ftnts for be effected by the saving of expenditure upon votes within the services and same department, and in such application the department shall tor the army represent to the Treasury the circumstances which may render such "tjvei l)e additional expenditure necessary, and thereupon the Treasury may not exceeded. authorise the expenditure unprovided for as aforesaid to be temporarily defrayed out of any surpluses which may have been or which may be effected as aforesaid upon votes within the same department; and a statement showing all cases in which the naval and military departments have obtained the sanction of the Treasury to any expenditure not provided for in the respective votes aforesaid, accompanied by copies of the representations made to them by the said departments, shall be laid before the House of Commons with the appropriation accounts of navy and army services for the year, in order that such proceedings may be submitted for the sanction of Parliament, and that provision may be made for the deficiencies upon the several votes for the said services in such manner as Parliament may determine

Ch. 60.

Appropriation Act, 1893.

56 & 57 VICT.

The Treasury shall not authorise any expenditure which may cause an excess upon the aggregate sums appropriated by this Act for naval services and for army services respectively.

Sanction for nary and army

expenditure for 1891-92

unprovided

for.

5. Whereas the Treasury, under the powers vested in them by the Appropriation Act, 1891, have authorised expenditure not provided for in the sums appropriated by the said Act to certain votes for naval and military services for the year ended on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-two to be temporarily defrayed out of surpluses, effected by the saving of expenditure on other votes for naval and military services for the said year; viz.,

1st. A sum of three hundred and four thousand two hundred and thirty-five pounds eighteen shillings and threepence (in part of three hundred and sixty-seven thousand one hundred and eighty-five pounds one shilling and threepence) for navy services out of the unexpended balances of certain votes, aided by sums realised in excess of the estimated appropriations in aid:

2nd. A sum of forty-eight thousand and eighteen pounds eighteen shillings and sevenpence for army services out of the unexpended balances of certain votes, aided by sums realised in excess of the estimated appropriations in aid:

It is enacted that the application of the said sums is hereby sanctioned.

Declaration required in certain cases before receipt of sums appropriated.

6. A person shall not receive any part of a grant which may be made in pursuance of this Act for half-pay or army, navy, or civil non-effective services until he has subscribed such declaration as may from time to time be prescribed by a warrant of the Treasury before one of the persons prescribed by such warrant.

Provided that, whenever any such payment is made at more frequent intervals than once in a quarter, the Treasury may dispense with the production of more than one declaration in respect of each quarter.

Any person who makes a declaration for the purpose of this section, knowing the same to be untrue in any material particular, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor.

[Short title.]

7. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Appropriation Act, 1893.

ABSTRACT

OF

SCHEDULES (A.) and (B.) to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A)

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund

£ a. d.

- 63, 964, 057 4

1893. Appropriation Act, 1893. Ch. 60. SCHEDULE (B.) — Appropriation of Grants.

311

1890-91-92-93.

Part 1. Army (Ordnance Factories) Excess, 1890-91 Do. Do. 1891-92

, 2. Navy Excess, 1891-2 .....

, 3. Civil Services Deficiencies, 1891-92, 4. Army (Supplementary), 1892-93 -, 5. Civil Services and Revenue Departments (Supplementary), 1892-93

£ e.

100 0 0 100 0 0 62, 088 10 8 1, 817 13 11 15,000 0 0

727, 605 0 0

1893-94.

, 6. Navy -

, 7. Army (including Ordnance Factories), 8. Civil Services, Class I.

9. Ditto, Class 11.

10. Ditto, Class HI.

11. Ditto, Class IV.

12. Ditto, Class V.

13. Ditto, Class VI.

14. Ditto, Class VH.

Total Civil Services, 15. Revenue Departments, &c.

806, 711 4 7

1, 643, 254

2, 033, 233

3, 800, 481

9, 172, 316

636, 205

671, 037

187, 035

14, 240, 100 0 0 17, 802, 900 0 0

18, 143, 561 0 0 12, 970, 785 0 0

63, 964, 057 4 7

SCHEDULE (A)

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund,

ScHxn. (A.)

For the service of the years ending 31st March 1891, 1892, £

and 1893: —

Under Act 56 & 57 Vict. c. 3. - 806, 711

For the service of the year ending 31st March 1894:—

Under Act 56 & 57 Vict. c. 3. - - 9, 497, 300

Under Act 56 & 57 Vict. c. 16. - 9, 543, 243

Under Act 56 & 57 Vict 57 Vict. c. 28. - - 5, 834,000

Under Act 56 & 57 Vict. c. 46. ..... 11, 833, 596

Under this Act ..... 26, 449, 207

8. d.

4 7

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

Total -

- 63, 964, 057 4 7

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part L Army (Ordnance Factories) Excess, 1890-91.

Sdu granted to make good the excess on tho grant for the £ expense of the Ordnance Factories for the year ended 31st March 1891 ..... 100

SCHED. (B.) Paut 1. Army (Ordnance Factories)

0 0 Excess.

Army (Ordnance Factories) Excess, 1891-92.

Suu granted to make good the excess on the grant for the expense of the Ordnance Factories for the year ended 31st March 1892 100 0 0

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 2.

Navy Excess, 1891-92.

Sum granted to defray the excess of net expenditure beyond the

ordinary Navy Grants for the year ended 31st March 1892 62, 088 10

SCHED. (B.) Part 2. Navy Excess.

8

Ch. 60.

Appropriation Act, 1893.

56 & 57 Vict.

ScnED. (B.)

Part 3. Civil Services Deficiencies* 1891-92.

SCHK1>. (B.) Part 4.

Army (Supplementary), 1892-93.

Sched. (B.) Part 5.

Civil Services (Supplementary), 1892-93.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 3.

Civil Services Deficiencies, 1891-92.

Schedule of Sums granted to make good deficiencies on the several grants herein particularly mentioned for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1892; viz.: —

CIVIL SERVICES.

Class III. s. d.

County Courts ..... 1, 817 13 11

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 4.

Army (Supplementary), 1892-93.

Sum granted to meet Additional Expenditure for Pat, &c. of £

the Army for the year ended 31st March 1893 - - 15,000

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 5.

Civil Services and Revenue Departments (Supplementary), 1892-93.

Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted to defray the charges for the Services herein particularly mentioned for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1893; viz.: —

CIVIL SERVICES. Class I.

Houses of Parliament Buildings

Diplomatic and Consular Buildings -Revenue Department Buildings, Great Britain Public Buildings, Great Britain -

Harbours and Lighthouses Railways, Ireland -

Class H.

Mint, including Coinage -

Stationery Office and Printing -

Class III.

Law Charges, England ... Supreme Court of Judicature, England County Courts -

Supreme Court of Judicature, &c., Ireland

Class IV.

Public Education, England and Wales -Science and Art Department, United Kingdom London University -

National Gallery, &c., Scotland-

Public Education, Ireland

Class V. Diplomatic and Consular Services Colonial Services -Treasury Chest -Behring Sea Sealers' Compensation

Class VI.

Superannuations and Retired Allowances

Class VII. Temporary Commissions -Chicago Exhibition, 1893 Relief of Distress, Ireland

Total for Civil Services

3,000

5, 500

20,000

12,000

2, 200

34, 786

10

36, 500

7, 170

5, 400

10

1, 130

102,000

30,000

5

250

157, 500

24, 900

15, 500

4.756

20, 600

30, 274

11,000

10,000

4, 114

538, 605

1893.

Appropriation, 1893. Ch. 60.

313

Revenue Departments.

Post Office -Telegraphs -

168,000

21,000

Total for Revenue Departments -Grand Total, Civil Services and Revenue Departments

189,000

727, 605

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 6.

NAVY.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the Navy Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1894; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No.

1.

2.

9.

10.

11.

12.

13.

14.

15.

16.

For wages, &c. to 76, 700 officers, seamen, and boys, coastguard, and Royal marines .....

For the expense of victualling and clothing for the navy, including the cost of victualling establishments at home and abroad -

For medical services, including the cost of medical establishments at home and abroad - For martial law, &c., including the cost of naval prisons at home and abroad - For educational services -

For scientific services -

For the expense of the royal naval reserve, reserve of retired officers, seamen and marine pensioners, and royal naval artillery volunteers -

Sect. 1. For the expense of the personnel for shipbuilding, repairs, and maintenance, including the cost of establishments of dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad -

Sect. 2. For the expense of the materiel for shipbuilding, repairs, and maintenance, including the cost of establishments of dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad -

Sect. 3. For the expense of contract work for shipbuilding, repairs, and maintenance, including the cost of establishments of dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad -

For naval armaments -

For works, buildings, and repairs at home and abroad, including the cost of superintendence, purchase of sites, grants in aid, and other charges connected therewith - For miscellaneous effective services - For the expense of the Admiralty Office -

For half-pay, reserved and retired pay to officers of the navy and marines -

For naval and marine pensions, gratuities, and compassionate allowances -

For civil pensions and gratuities -

For the expense necessary to be provided for under the arrangement made between the Imperial and Australasian Governments for the protection of floating trade in Australasian waters,

I

TotIl Navy Services

3, 620, 800

1, 260, 700

133.000

10, 900

80, 500

59, 300

172.000

1.797.000

1.656.000

1, 266,000

1, 315, 200

380.000 160, 100

231.000

768, 700

956, 400

312, 200

60, 300

14, 240, 100

SCHED. (B.) Part 5.

Civil Services (Supplementary), 1892-93.

SCHED. (B.) Part 6.

Navy.

S14

Ch. 60.

Appropriation Act, 1893.

56 & 57 Vict.

SCHED. (B.) Part 7.

Army.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 7.

ARMY.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges for the Abmy Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1894; viz.: —

No.

1. For the pay, allowances, and other charges of Her Majesty's

army at home and abroad (exclusive of India), and of the general staff, regiments, and reserve (to a number not exceeding 80,000), and departments -

2. For the medical establishments and cost of medicines

3. For the pay and allowances (exclusive of supplies, clothing,

&c.) of the militia (to a number not exceeding 135, 546, including 30,000 militia reserve) -

4. For the pay and miscellaneous charges of the yeomanry

cavalry .....

5. For capitation grants and miscellaneous charges of volunteer

corps, including pay, &c., of the permanent staff

6. For the expense of transport and remounts -

7. For provisions, forage, and other supplies -

8. For clothing establishments and services -

9. For the supply and repair of warlike and other stores

10. For the Royal Engineer superintending staff, and expenditure for Koval* Engineer works, buildings, and repairs at home and abroad (including purchases) -

11. For establishments for military education -

12. For miscellaneous effective services -

13. For the salaries and miscellaneous charges of the War Office

14. For retired pay, half-pay, and other non-effective charges

for officers and other B -

15. For Chelsea and Kilmainham hospitals, and the in-pensioners

thereof, for out-pensions, for the maintenance of lunatics for whom pensions are not drawn, and for gratuities awarded in commutation and in lieu of pensions, of rewards for meritorious services, of Victoria Cross pensions, and of pensions to the widows and children of warrant officers, exclusive of charges on India

16. For superannuation, compensation, and compassionate allow-

ances, and gratuities -

Total Army Services - - £

Army (Ordnance Factories).

For the expense of the ordnance factories, the coBt of productions of which is charged to the army, navy, and Indian and Colonial Governments -

Total Arky Services (including Ordnance Factories) £

Sums not exceeding

5.876.400 288, 200

560.000 74, 400

786.000

623.000

2.622.400

790.600

1.827.400

789.600 114, 400 126, 300 257, 800

1, 524, 200

1, 385, 400

156, 700

17, 802, 800

100

17, 802, 900

1893.

Appropriation 1893. Ch. 60.

315

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 8. Sched. (b.)

Part 8.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class I. Civil Services.

Class I.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1894; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No. £

1. For expenditure in respect of royal palaces and Marlborough House ---- 37.745

2. For the royal parks and pleasure gardens - - 92, 064

3. For expenditure in respect of the Houses of Parliament buildings ---- 39, 095

4. For the extension of the Admiralty buildings - - 49, 200

5. For expenditure in respect of miscellaneous legal buildings, viz., County Courts, Metropolitan Police Courts, and Sheriff Court Houses, Scotland - 57, 719

6. For expenditure in respect of Art and Science buildings, Great Britain 27, 951

7. For expenditure in respect of diplomatic and consular buildings, and for the maintenance of certain cemeteries abroad ---- 30, 201

8. For the Customs, Inland Revenue, Post Office, and Post Office Telegraph buildings in Great Britain, including furnituro, fuel, and sundry miscellaneous services 339, 923

9. For expenditure in respect of sundry public buildings in Great Britain not provided for on other votes - 203, 232

10. For the survey of the United Kingdom, and for revising the survey for maps for use in proceedings before the Land Judges in Ireland and the Irish Land Commission, publication of maps, and engraving the geological survey - 218, 710

11. For maintaining certain harbours, lighthouses, &c. under the Board of Trade - 21, 024

12. For constructing a new harbour of refuge at Peterhead 29, 800

13. For rates and contributions in lieu of rates, &c., in respect of Government property, and for salaries and expenses of the rating of Government property department 245, 738

14. For the erection, repairs, and maintenance of public buildings in Ireland, for the maintenance of certain parks and public works, for drainage works on the Rivers Shannon and Suck 212, 176

15. For payments under the Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883, and the Light Railways (Ireland) Act, 1889 38, 676

Total Civil Services, Class 1. - £ 1, 643, 254

316

Ctt. 60.

56 & 57 Vict.

Semen. (B.) Past 9.

Civil Service*. Class IL

Appropriation Act, 1893.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 9.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class II.

Schedule of Suhs granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in coarse of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1894; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For salaries and expenses in the offices of the House of Lords -

2. For salaries and expenses in the offices of the House of Commons -

3. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Treasury and subordinate departments -

4. For salaries and expenses of the office of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department and subordinate offices -

5. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs -

6. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Colonies, including certain expenses connected with Emigration -

7. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council and for quarantine expenses -

8. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade, and subordinate departments

9. For meeting the deficiency of income from fees, &c. for the requirements of the Board of Trade, under the Bankruptcy Acts, 1883 and 1890, and the Companies Winding-up Act, 1890 -

10. For the salaries and expenses of the Board of Agriculture, and for defraying the repayable expenses to be incurred in matters of Inclosure and Land Improvement -

11. For salaries and expenses of the Charity Commission for England and Wales, including the Endowed Schools department -

12. For salaries and expenses of the Civil Service Commission -

13. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Comptroller and Auditor General -

14. For salaries and expenses of the Registry of Friendly Societies -

15. For salaries and expenses of the Local Government Board -

16. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners in Lunacy in England -

17. In aid of the Mercantile Marine Fund (including a supplementary sum of 10,0002.) -

18. For salaries and expenses of the Mint, including the expenses of the coinage -

19. For salaries and expenses of the National Debt Office -

20. For salaries and expenses of the Public Record Office in England -

41, 595

50, 223

89, 458

96, 697

70, 471

41, 680

14, 033

179, 090

19

50, 359

37, 674

41, 853

58, 467

6, 553

165, 621

13, 917

50,000

94

14, 543

21, 042

317

No. Sums not exceeding £

21. For salaries and expenses of the establishment under the Public Works Loan Commissioners ... 9, 842

22. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of Births, &c. in England - 46, 659

23. For stationery, printing, and paper, binding, and printed books, for the public service, and for the salaries and expenses of the Stationery Office, and for sundry miscellaneous services, including the reports of Parliamentary Debates 520, 232

24. For salaries and expenses of the office of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and of the office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments - 22, 129

25. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings 52, 287

26. For Her Majesty's foreign and other secret services - 32,000

27. For the salaries and expenses of the office of Her Majesty's Secretary for Scotland and subordinate offices - 11, 410

28. For salaries and expenses of the Fishery Board in Scotland, and for grants in aid of piers or quays 21, 858

29. For salaries and expenses of the Board of Lunacy in Scotland 5, 872

30. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of Births, &c. in Scotland - 8, 387

31. For salaries and expenses of the Board of Supervision for Relief of the Poor in Scotland, and for expenses under the Public Health Acts, Infectious Diseases Notification Act, Vaccination Act, Local Government (Scotland) Act, and Burgh'Police (Scotland) Act - 8, 830

32. For salaries and expenses of the household of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland - 4, 764

33. For salaries and expenses of the offices of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, in Dublin and London, and subordinate departments - 41, 028

34. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests for Ireland 1, 841

35. For salaries and expenses of the Local Government Board in Ireland, including certain grants in aid of local taxation - 135, 497

36. For salaries and expenses of the Public Record Office in Ireland and of the Keeper of the State Papers in Dublin- 5, 327

37. For salaries and expenses of the Office of Public Works in Ireland - 34, 528

38. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of Births, &c., and for expenses of collecting agricultural and other statistics in Ireland 15, 670

39. For salaries and expenses of the general valuation and boundary survey of Ireland - 11, 683

Total Civil Services, Class 11. - £ \ ! 2, 033, 233

SCHED. (B.) PxilT 9.

Civil Services. Class IL

318

Ch. 60.

Appropriation, 1893.

56 & 57 Vict.

Sc HKD. (B.) Part 10.

Civil Services. Class III.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 10.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class III.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1894; viz.

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For the salaries of the law officers, the salaries and expenses

of the department of the Solicitor for the affairs of Her Majesty's Treasury, Queen's Proctor, and Director of Publio Prosecutions, the costs of prosecutions, and of other legal proceedings and of Parliamentary Agency -

2. For certain miscellaneous legal expenses -

3. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme

Court of Judicature as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund -

4. For the salaries and expenses of the land registry -

5. For salaries and expenses connected with the County Courts

6. For salaries and expenses of the police courts of London

and Sheerness -

7. For the salaries of the Commissioner, and Assistant Commissioners of the Metropolitan Police, and of the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District, the pay and expenses of officers of Metropolitan Police employed on special duties, and the salaries and expenses of the Inspectors of Constabulary -

8. For the expenses of the prisons in England, Wales, and the Colonies -

9. For the expense of the maintenance of juvenile offenders

in reformatory, industrial, and day industrial schools in Great Britain, and of the Inspectors of Reformatories -

10. For the maintenance of criminal lunatics in Broadmoor

Criminal Lunatic Asylum -

11. For salaries and expenses of the Lord Advocate's depart-

ment and other law charges, and the salaries and expenses of the Courts of Law and Justice in Scotland -

12. For salaries and expenses of the offices in Her Majesty's

General Register House, Edinburgh -

13. For the expenses of the Establishment of the Crofters '

Commission -

14. For the expenses of the Prison Commissioners for Scotland,

and of the prisons under their control, including the maintenance of criminal lunatics and the preparation of judicial statistics -

15. For the expenses of criminal prosecutions and other law

charges in Ireland -

16. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme

Court of Judicature and of certain other legal departments in Ireland as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund

17. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Irish Land

Commission -

18. For the salaries, allowances, expenses, and pensions of

various county court officers, divisional commissioners, and of magistrates in Ireland, and the expenses of revision -

19. For salaries and expenses of the Commissioner of Police,

of the police courts and of the metropolitan police establishment of Dublin - JOUUVH.

70, 506

42, 782

327, 902

6, 830

36, 200

4, 998

55, 385

617, 637

270, 814

34, 604

89, 891

37, 155

7, 955

91, 800

70, 806

114, 006

70, 467

123, 093

99, 709

Sums not exceeding

No.

20. For the expenses of the Royal Irish Constabulary -

21. For the expenses of the General Prisons Board in Ireland,

and of the prisons under their control; and of the registration of habitual criminals -

22. For the expenses of reformatory and industrial schools in

Ireland -

23. For the maintenance of criminal lunatics in Dun drum

Criminal Lunatic Asylum, Ireland .....

1, 382, 249

128, 532

110, 702

6, 458

Total Civil Services, Class III.

3, 800, 481

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 11.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class IV.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1894; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No. 1. For public education in England and Wales, including the expenses of the Education Office in London £ 6, 194, 718

2. For salaries and expenses of the Department of Science and Art, and of the establishments connected therewith 645, 015

3. For salaries and expenses of the British Museum, including the amount required for the Natural History Museum 157, 500

4. For salaries and expenses of the National Gallery - 13, 382

5. For salaries and expenses of the National Portrait Gallery - 1, 736

6. For sundry grants in aid of scientific investigation in the United Kingdom ..... 26, 163

7. In aid of the expenses of certain Universities and* Colleges in Great Britain ..... 83,000

8. For salaries and expenses of the University of London (including a supplementary sum of 1001.) - - 112

9. For publio education in Scotland 968, 073

10. For a grant to the Board of Trustees for manufactures in Scotland, in aid of the maintenance of the National Gallery, School of Art and Museum of Antiquities, Scotland, and for other purposes ..... 4, 050

11. For public education under the Commissioners of National Edactktion in Ireland - - 1, 069, 969

Sciied. (B.)

Part 10. Civil Services. Class III.

SCHED. (B.) Part 11.

Civil Services. Class IV.

SCHED. (B.)

Pam 11.

Civil Services.

Class IV.

No.

12. For the salaries and expenses of the Office of the Commissioners of Education m Ireland appointed for the regulation of endowed schools -

13. For salaries and expenses of the National Gallery of Ireland, and for the purchase of pictures -

14. In aid of the expenses of the Queen's Colleges in Ireland

Total Civil Services, Class IV.

Sums not exceeding

1, 005

2, 545

5, 048

9, 172, 316

Sched. (B.) SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 12.

Part 12.

Civil Services. CIVIL SERVICES. — Class V.

Class V.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1894; viz.: —

No. Sums not exceeding £

1. For expenses of Her Majesty's embassies and missions abroad, and of consular establishments abroad, and other expenditure chargeable on the Consular Vote ... i i; 448, 101

2. For the expenses in connection with the suppression of the slave trade, and the maintenance of certain Liberated Africans - - - j 1, 638

3. For sundry oolonial services, including expenses incurred under the Pacific Islanders Protection Act, 1875, and certain charges connected with South Africa 124, 066

4. For the subsidies to Telegraph Companies and for the salary

of the Official Director - 62, 400

Total Civil Services, Class V. - 636, 205

Sched. (B.)

Pam 13. Civil Services. Class VI.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 13.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VI.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1894; viz.: —

No.

Sums not exceeding

1. For superannuation, retired, and compassionate allowances and gratuities under sundry Statutes, and for certain compassionate allowances and gratuitios awarded by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury and for tho salaries of medical referees -

504, 625

i89a

Af/proprUition , 1893. Ch. 60.

321

Sums not exceeding

No.

2. For pensions to masters and seamen of the merchant ser-

vice, and to their widows and children

3. For making good the deficiency arising from payments for interest to trustees of Savings Banks and to Friendly Societies -

4. For miscellaneous, charitable, and other allowances in Great Britain -

5. In aid of the local cost of maintenance of pauper lunatics in Ireland -

6. For hospitals and infirmaries and certain miscellaneous,

charitable, and other allowances in Ireland

9, 600

15, 352

1, 906

121, 433

18, 121

Scnxn. (B.)

Part 13. Civil Services. Class VI.

Total Civil Skevices, Class VL

671, 037

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 14.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VII.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1894; viz.: —

Sched. (B.) Past 14. Civil Service*. ClaasVU.

No.

1. For salaries and other expenses of temporary commissions

and committees, including special inquiries

2. For certain miscellaneous expenses -

3. In aid of the expenditure under the Contagious Diseases

Animals fPleuro-Pneumonia) Act, 1890, and Contagious Diseases Act, 1892 .....

Sums not exceeding

39, 177

4, 965

65,000

4. For expenditure upon certain public works and for improved communications within the Highlands and Islands of Scotland .....

41,000

5. In aid of the expenses of the Royal Commission for the Exhibition at Chicago, 1893 -

20,000

6. For a grant in aid to make good certain amounts required to be written off from the assets of the Local Loans Fund -

11, 868

7. For repayment to the Civil Contingencies Fund of certain miscellaneous advances -

Total Civil Services, Class VII. ,

5, 005

187, 035

SCHED. (B.)

Part 15. Revenue Departments, &c.

Protection of persons acting in execution oi statutory or other public duty.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 15.

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS, &c.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Revenue Departments, &c. herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 81st day of March 1894; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For salaries and expenses of the Customs Department

2. For salaries and expenses of the Inland Revenue Depart-

ment -

8. For salaries and expenses of the Post Office services, the expenses of Post Office savings banks, and Government annuities and insurances, and the collection of the Post Office revenue -

4. For the Post Office packet service -

5. For salaries and expenses of the Post Office telegraph service

Total Revenue Departments -

873, 264

1, 832, 914

6, 790, 575

735, 022

2, 739, 010

12, 970, 785

CHAPTER 61.

An Act to generalize and amend certain statutory provisions for the protection of persons acting in the execution of statutory and other public duties.

[5th December 1893.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Where after the commencement of this Act any action, prosecution, or other proceeding is commenced in the United Kingdom against any person for any act done in pursuance, or execution, or intended execution of any Act of Parliament, or of any public duty or authority, or in respect of any alleged neglect or default in the execution of any such Act, duty, or authority, the following provisions shall have effect:

(a.) The action, prosecution, or proceeding shall not lie or be instituted unless it is commenced within six months next after the act, neglect, or default complained of, or, in case of a continuance of injury or damage, within six months next after the ceasing thereof:

(b.) Wherever in any such action a judgment is obtained by the defendant, it shall carry costs to be taxed as between solicitor and client:

(c.) Where the proceeding is an action for damages, tender of amends before the action was commenced may, in lieu of or in addition to any other plea, be pleaded. If the action was commenced after the tender, or is proceeded with after payment into court of any money in satisfaction of ^thd plaintiff's claim, and the plaintiff does not recovfe¥e&b6re tnanQne sum tendered

1893. Public Authorities Protection Ch. 61. 323

Act, 1893.

or paid, he shall not recover any costR incurred after the tender or payment, and the defendant shall be entitled to costs, to be taxed as between solicitor and client, as from the time of the tender or payment; but this provision shall not affect costs on any injunction in the action:

(cl.) If, in the opinion of the court, the plaintiff has not given the defendant a sufficient opportunity of tendering amends before the commencement of the proceeding the court may award to the defendant costs to be taxed as between solicitor and client.

This section shall not affect any proceedings by any department of the Government against any local authority or officer of a local authority.

2. There shall be repealed as to the United Kingdom so much of Repeal, any public general Act as enacts that in any proceeding to which

this Act applies —

(a) the proceeding is to be commenced in any particular place; or

(b) the proceeding is to be commenced within any particular time; or

(c) notice of action is to be given; or

(d) the defendant is to be entitled to any particular kind or amount of costs, or the plaintiff is to be deprived of costs in any specified event; or

(e) the defendant may plead the general issue;

and in particular there shall be so repealed the enactments specified in the schedule to this Act to the extent in that schedule mentioned.

This repeal shall not affect any proceeding pending at the commencement of this Act.

3. This Act shall not apply to any action, prosecution, or other to

proceeding for any act done in pursuance or execution, or intended 0 execution, of any Act of Parliament, or in respect of any alleged neglect or default in the execution of any Act of Parliament, or on account of any act done in any case instituted under an Act of Parliament, when that Act of Parliament applies to Scotland only,

and contains a limitation of the time and other conditions for the action, prosecution, or proceeding.

4. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January Commence-

one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four. meilt '

[Short title.]

5. This Act may be cited as the Public Authorities Protection Act, 1893.

SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

Section S.

Session and Chapter.

Title.

43 Eliz. o. 2. -in part.

The Poor Relief Act, 1601 —

Y O

Ch. 61. Public Authorities Protection 56 & 57 Vict. Act, 1893.

Session and Chapter, j Title.

3 Jas. 1. c. 10. in part. An Acte for the rating and levying of the chargee for conveying malefactors and offendora to the gaole — in part; namely, — Section throo.

7 Jas. 1. c. 5. - An Acte for ease in pleading against troublesome and contencious suites prosecuted against Justices of the Peace, Maiors, Constables, and certaine other his Majesties officers, for the lawfull execucion of their office.

.21 Jas. 1. c. 12. - An Acte for ease in Ploading against troublesome and contencious suits.

3 Chas. 1. o. 2. in part. An Act for the further reformacion of sundry abuses committed on the Lord's Day commonlie called Sonday — in part; namely, — from " that such bill plaint or information " to " Provided further."

31 Chas. 2. o. 2. in part. The Habeas Corpus Act, 1679-in part; namely, — Section nineteen.

8 A 9 Will. 3. c. 27. in part. An Aote for the more effectual relief of creditors in oases of escapes and for preventing abuses in prisons and pretended priviledged plaoes — in part; namely, — Section seventeen.

1 Anne, o. 12. in part. An Act the title whereof begin*with the word* — An Act to explain — and ends with the word* — Rochester Bridge — in part; namely, — Section seven.

1 Anne, Stat. 2. c. 6. in part. An Act for the better preventing escapes out of the Queen's Bench and Fleet Prisons — in part; namely, — Section five.

6 Geo. 2. c. 35. in part. An Act for enforcing the laws against foreign Lotteries — in part; namely, — Section thirty-two.

8 Geo. 2. c. 13. in part. The Engraving Copyright Act, 1734-in part; namely. — Section three.

12 Geo. 2. c. 26. in part. An Act for the better preventing frauds and abusos in gold and silver wares — in part; namely, — Section twenty-three.

12 Geo. 2. c. 28. -in part. The Gaming Act, 1738 — in part; namely, — Section twelve.

12 Geo. 2. o. 29. -in part. An Act for the more easy assessing, collecting, and levying of county rates — in&riw.°°8le

15 Geo. 2. c. 20. An Act to prevent the counterfeiting of Gold and

in part. Silver Lace; and for settling and adjusting the

Proportions of fine Silver and Silk; and for the better making of Gold and Silver Thread — in part; namely, —

Section ten.

17 Geo. 2. o. 38. in part

; The Poor Relief Act, 1743 —

; in part; namely, —

Sections nine and ten.

19 Geo. 2. o. 21. in part.

The Profane Oaths Act, 1745-in part; namely, —

Section eleven.

29 Geo. 2. c. 36. in part.

31 Geo. 2. c. 22. in part.

- An Act for enclosing, by the mutual consent of the Lord and Tenants, Part of any Common for the purpose of planting and preserving Trees fit for Timber or Underwood; and for more effectually preventing the unlawful Destruction of Trees — in part; namely, —

Section ten.

1

-, An Act for granting to His Majesty several Rates and, Duties upon Offices and Pensions —

in part; namely, —

Section seventy-nine.

7 Geo. 3. c. 38. in part.

The Engraving Copyright in part; namely, — Section eight.

Act, 1766 —

10 Geo. 3. c. 47. _ in part.

The East India Company Act, 1770-in part; namely, —

Sections five and seven.

13 Geo. 3. c. 82. in part.

An Act the title whereof begi with the words — An Act

for the better regulation of Lying-in Hospitals — and ends with the words — and Places — in part; namely, —

Sections seventeen and eighteen.

15 Geo. 3. c. 53. in part.

The Copyright Act, 1775 — in part; namely, —

' Section seven.

17 Geo. 3. c. 11. An Act for more effectually preventing Frauds and

in part. | Abuses committed by persons employed in the

! manufactures of Combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, in the counties of York, Lancaster, and Chester — in part; namely, —

Section twenty-four.

17 Geo. 3. c. 56. in part.

An Act the title whereof begins with the words — An Act for amending — and ends with the words — by Journey, men Dyers —

Ch. 61. Public authorities Protection 56 & 57 Vict. Act, 1893.

Session and Chapter, j Title.

23 Geo. 3. c. 15. -in part. An Act for rendering more effectual the provisions contained in an Act of the thirteenth year of King George the First, for preventing frauds and abuses in the dyeing trade — 1 in part; namely, — | Section fifteen.

26 Geo. 3. c. 71. in part. The Knackers Act, 1786-in part; namely, — Section eighteen.

28 Geo. 3. c. 7. in part.; An Act the title whereof begins with the words — An Act to amend — and ends with the words — Silver thread — in part; namely, — Section six.

30 Geo. 3. c. 52. in part. The Legacy Duty Act, 1796 — i in part; namely, — Section forty-seven.

36 Geo. 3. c. 60. in part. An Act to regulate the making and vending of Metal Buttons, and to prevent the Purchasers thereof from being deceived in the real Quality of such Buttons-in part; namely, — 1 Section twenty-one.

36 Geo. 3. c. 88. in part. An Act the tide whereof begins with the words — An Act to regulate the buying and selling of Hay and Straw — and ends with the Limits therein mentioned — in part; namely, — Section thirty-one.

38 Geo. 3. c. 6. in part. The Land Tax Act, 1797-in part; namely, — Section thirty«nine.

3p Geo. 3. c. 79. in part. The Unlawful Societies Act, 1799-in part; namely, — Section thirty-seven.

41 Geo. 3. c. 79. in part. The Public Notaries Act, 1801-in part; namely, — 'Section seventeen.

42 Geo. 3. c. 85. in part. 1 An Act the title whereof begins with the An Act 1 fortrying — and ends with the words — safe custody — I in part; namely, — Section six to " Provided always that."

42 Geo. 3. c. 119. in part. The Gaming Act, 1802 — in part; namely, — Section eight.

45 Geo. 3. c. 28. in part. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Stamp Duties in Great Britain on certain Legacies — in part; namely, — I Section twelve.

Session and Chapter. Title.

50 Geo. 3. c. 108. -in part. 1; i j An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the second year of His present Majesty, for the encouragement of the Fisheries of this Kingdom, and the protection of the Persons employed therein — in part; namely, — Section fifteen.

52 Geo. 3. c. 38. -in part. The Militia (England) Act, 1812 — in part; namely, — Section two hundred and six.

52 Geo. 3. c. 155. -in part. An Act to repeal certain Acts and amend other Acts relating -to Religious Worship and assemblies, and persons teaching or preaching therein — in part; namely, — Section eighteen.

53 Geo. 3. c. 127. in part. | An Act for the better regulation of Ecclesiastical [Courts in England, and for the more easy recovery j of Church rates and tithes — in part; namely, — ! Section twelve.

54 Geo. 3. c. 159. -in part. The Harbours Act, 1814 — in part; namely, — Section twenty-seven.

55 Geo. 3. c. 194. in part. i The Apothecaries Act, 1815-in part; namely, — Section thirty.

57 Geo. 3. c. 19. -in part. ! The Seditious Meetings Act, 1817 — j in part; namely, — Sections thirty-two and thirty-throe.

58 Geo. 3. c. 45. in part. The Church Building Act, 1818 — in part; namely, — Section eighty-three.

60 Geo. 3. and 1 Geo. 4. c. 1. in part. An Act to prevent the training of persons to the use of arms, and to the practice or military evolutions and exercise — in part; namely, — Sections five and six.

60 Geo. 3. and 1 Geo. 4. c. 8. in part. An Act for the more effectual prevention and punishment of blasphemous and seditious libels — in part; namely, — Sections eight and nine.

4 Geo. 4. c. 60. in part. An Act for granting to His Majesty a sum of money to be raised by Lotteries — in part; namely, — Section sixty.eight.

4 Geo. 4. c. 80. in part i An Act to consolidate and amend the several Laws 1 now in force with respect to Trado from and td 1 places within the limits of the Charter of the East India Company, and to make further provisioils I with respect to such trado. \ iu part; namely, — Section thirty-throe.

328

Ch. 61. Public Authorities Protection 66 & 57 Vict. Act, 1893.

Session and Chapter. Title. i

5 Geo. 4. c. 83. in part. ! 1 The Vagranoy Act, 1824 — in part; namely, — i Section nineteen.

5 Geo. 4. c. 84. in part. i The Transportation Act, 1824-in part; namely, — Sections twenty-seven and twentyeight

5 Geo. 4. c. 96. in part. The Masters and Workmen Arbitration Act, 1824-in part; namely, — Sections thirty-three and thirty-four.

6 Geo. 4. c. 50. in part.] The Juries Act, 1825 — j in part; namely, — | Sections fifty-eight and fifty-nine.

6 Geo. 4. c. 78. in part. i The Quarantine Act, 1825 — in part; namely, — Section thirty-seven.

7 Geo. 4. c. 03. I in part. | ! i 1 An Act to provide for repairing, improving, and rebuilding Shire Halls, County Haifa, and other buildings for holding the Assises and Grand Sessions, and also Judges' lodgings, throughout England and Wales — in part; namely, — Section twenty-one.

9 Geo. 4. c. 61. in part. The Alehouse Act, 1828 — in part; namely, — Section thirty.

9 Geo. 4. c. 82. The Lighting of Towns (Ireland) Act, 1828 — in part; namely, — Section seventy-four.

10 Geo. 4. c. 24. in part. i The Government Annuities Act, 1829 — in part; namely, — Section fifty-one.

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 22. in part. The London Hackney Carriage Act, 1831 — in part; namely, — Section seventy-three.

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 32. in part. i The Game Act, 1831-in part; namely, — Section forty-seven.

1*2 Will. 4. c. 41. i in part. The Special Constables Act, 1831 — in part; namely, — Section nineteen.

2 A 3 Will. 4. c. 75. j in part. 1 The Anatomy Act, 1832 — in part; namely, — Section seventeen.

2 A 3 Will. 4. c. 93. in part. An Act for enforcing the process upon contempts in the Courts Ecclesiastical of England and Ireland — in part; namely, — Section five.

2 A 3 Will. 4. c. 120.:in part. j The Stage Carriages Act, 1832 — in part; namely, — Section one hundred and sixteen.

3 A*Will. 4. c. 90. in part. The Lighting and Watching Act, 1833 — in part; namely, — Section sixty-nine.

8 A4 Will. 4. c. 93. i in part. | | An Act to regulate the trade to China and India — in part; namely, — Section nine.

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 76. ! in part. I The Poor Law Amendment Act, 1834-in part; namely, — Section one hundred and four.

5 A 6 Will. 4. c. 50.; in part. The Highway Act, 1835 — in part; namely, — Section one hundred and nine.

6 A 7 Will. 4. c. 37. in part. i The Bread Act, 1836 — in part; namely, — Section thirty.

6 A 7 Will. 4. c. 71. in part. t The Tithe Act, 1836-in part; namely, — j Section ninety-four.

7 Will.4.andl Vict. c. 36. in part. The Post Office (Offences) Act, 1837 — in part; namely, — Section forty-six.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 71. -in part. j The Metropolitan Police Courts Act, 1839 — in part; namely, — Section fifty-three.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 50. in part. An Act to provide for keeping the Peace on canals and navigable rivers — in part; namely, — Section eighteen.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 30. -in part. i The Ordnance Survey Act, 1811 — t in part; namely, — i Section fourteen.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 35. -in part. The Copyhold Act, 1841-in part; namely, — Section ninety-five.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 45. -in part. The Copyright Act, 1842 — in part; namely, — Section twenty-six.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 97. -in part. An Act to amend the Law relating^ to double costs, notices of action, limitations of actions, and pleas of the general issue under general Acts of Parliament — 1 in part; namely, — Section two

330

Ch. 61.

Public Authorities Protection 56 & 57 Vict.

Act, 1893.

i Session and Chapter.:i Title.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 40. - i in part. The Hosiery Act, 1843-in part; namely, — Section thirty.one, to "on behalf of tho defendant or avowant."

6 & 7 Vict. c. 86. -, in part. The London Hackney Carriages Act, 1843 — inpart; namely, — Section forty-seven.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 19. -in part. An Act for regulating the Bailiffs of Inferior Courts — in part; namely, — Section eight.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 22. in part. The Gold and Silver Wares Act, 1844-in part; namely, — Section thirteen.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 63. -in part. i ' An Act to facilitate the completion of a Geological Survey of Great Britain and Ireland, under the direction of the First Commissioner for the time being of Her Majesty's Woods and Works — in part; namely, — Section five.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 118. -in part. The Inclosure Act, 1845-in part; namely, — Section one hundred and sixty-five.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 16. J in part. The Commissioners' Clauses Act, 1847 — in part; namely, — Section one hundred and three.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 44. in part. j The Justices Protection Act, 1848 — in part; namely, — Section ten, to " Provided always that." Sections eleven, twelve, and fourteen.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 83. in part. An Act to confirm tho Awards of Assessionable Manors Commissioners, and for other purposes relating to the Duchies of Cornwall and Lancaster — in part; namely, — Section twelve.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 16. in part. i:The Justices Protection (Ireland) Act, 1849-in part; namely, — Sections eight, nine, and twelve. In section thirteen, the words "or any costs of suit whatsoever." Section fourteen.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 92. in part. The Cruelty to Animals Act, 1849 — in part; namely, — Section twenty-seven.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 103. in part. The Towns Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1854-in part; namely, — Section ninety-flVo.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 119.' The Passongors Act, 1855-in part. in part; namely, — s~>

Section ninety-three.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 122. in part.

22 A23 Vict. c. 66. in part.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 96. in part.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 97. in part.

24 & 25 Vict o. 99. in part.

25A2G Vict. c. 102.. in part.

The Metropolitan Building Act, 1855 — in part; namely, —

Section one hundred and eight.

The Sale of Gas Act, 1859-in part; namely, —

Sections twenty-seven and twenty-eight.

The Larceny Act, 1861-in part; namely, — '

Section one hundred and thirteen.

The Malioious Damage Act, 1861 — in part; namely, —

Section seventy-one.

The Coinage Offences Act, 1861-in part; namely, —

Section thirty-three.

The Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1862 — in part; namely, —

Section one hundred and six.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 25. in part.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 125-in part.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 126-in part.

84 & 35 Vict. c. 48-in part.

88 & 39 Vict. c. 55*. in part.

89 & 40 Vict. c. 36.« in part.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 13. in part.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 52. in part.

The Naval Priae Act, 1864 — in part; namely, —

Section fifty-one.

The Dockyard Porta Regulation Act, 1865 — in part; namely, —

Section twenty-four.

The Prison Act, 1865 — in part; namely, —

Sections forty-nine and fifty.

The Ecclesiastical Dilapidations Act, 1871 — in part; namely, —

Section sixty-eight.

The Public Health Act, 1875-in part; namely, —

Section two hundred and sixty-four.

The Customs Consolidation Act, 1876 — in part; namely, —

Sections two hundred and sixty-eight to two hundred and seventy-two.

The Customs, Inland Revenue, and Savings Bank Act, 1877-in part; namely, —

Section four.

1 The Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878-r in part; namely, — 'zed by vj1 I Section two hundred and sixty-three.

Ch. 61, 62. Public Authorities Protection 56 57 Vlcrr. Act, 1893.

Session and Chapter. Title.

43 & 44 Vicfc. c. 19. -in part. The Taxes Management Act, 1880 — in part; namely, — Section twenty, " to every such action or suit.* '

51 & 52 Vict. c. 43.-in part. The County Courts Act, 1888 — in part; namely, — Section fifty-three.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 6. -in part. The Lunacy Act, 1890 — in part; namely, — Section three hundred and thirty-one.

53 & 54 Vict c. 21. in part. The Inland Revenue Regulation Act, 1890 — in part; namely, — Section twenty-eight.

Abolition of office of provincial commander-in-chief in India.

CHAPTER 02.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Madras and Bombay Armies.

[5th December 1893.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) The offices of commander-in-chief of the forces in the Presidencies of Madras and Bombay respectively, and of military secretary to the government of each of those presidencies, are hereby abolished, and all things which by or under any Act of Parliament are required or authorised to be done by, to, or before any of the officers whose offices are hereby abolished, shall or may be done by, to, or before such officer as the commander-in-chief of the forces in India, with the approval of the Governor-General of India in Council, may appoint in that behalf, and the commander-in-chief of the forces in India shall for the purposes of section one hundred and eighty of the Army Act be deemed to be the commander-in-chief in each presidency in India.

(2.) The military control and authority exerciseable by the governors in council of the Presidencies of Madras and Bombay shall cease to be exercised by those governors in council, and shall be exerciseable by the Governor-General of India in Council and all things which by or under the Army Act are required or authorised to be done by, to, or before the governor in council of the Presidency of Madras or of Bombay, shall or may be done by, to, or before the Governor-General of India in Council

(3.) The officers holding at the commencement of this Act the offices of commanders-in-chief of the forces in the Presidencies of Madras and Bombay shall cease to be members of the council of the governors of Madras and Bombay respectively.

Madras and Bombay Armies Act, 1893. Ch. 62.

333

2. The Acts specified in the schedule to this Act are hereby Repeal. repealed to the extent in the third column of that schedule mentioned.

3. This Act shall come into operation at such date as the f^mmence-Governor-General of India in Council may by notification in the mcnl ° ct‘ Gazette of India fix in that behalf.

[Short title.]

4. This Act may be cited as the Madras and Bombay Armies Act, 1893,

SCHEDULE. Enactments Repealed.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. f Extent of Repeal.

33 Geo. 3. c. 52. The East India Companj Act, 1793. i In section twenty-four, the words "and military, " where they occur in relation to the government of the Presidency of Port St. George or of Bombay. In section twenty-five, the words "or of any provincial commander- in-chief of the forces there." Section thirty-two, from " and that " when the offices of Governor " to " respective Presidencies."

8 A 4 Will. 4. o. 85. - The Government of India Act, 1833. In section sixty-three, the words Commander-in-Chief or."

43 Vict. c. 3. - - The Indian Salaries and Allowances Act, 1880. In the First Schedule, the words "The Commanders-in-Chief of Madras and Bombay."

44 & 45 Vict. c. 58. - ! i i The Army Act 1 In section fifty-four, the words "or " if the offender was tried within " the limits of any presidency by " the Governor-General or the " Governor of that presidency, " and the words "or if the offender " has been tried within the limits " of any presidency by the Governor-General or by the " Governor of the Presidency." In section fifty-seven, the words "also as respeots persons undergoing sentences in any presidency the Commander-in-Chief " of the forces in that presidency." In sections sixty, sixty-five, and Sixty-seven, the words — (ii.) The Commander-in-Chief of the forces in any presidency in India; " and the words — (iv.) The Adjutant General in any presidency in India."

Ch. 82, 83, Madras and Bombay Armies Act, 1893. 58 & 57 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. 1 i 1 i Extent of Repeal. i

44 & 45 Vict. c. 58. — In section seventy-three, the words

oont. 1 " or the commander-in-chief of the forces of any presidency in India." In section one hundred and seventy-two, the words "or in any presidency in India." In section one hundred and seventy-nine, the words "or of any presidency in India." In section one hundred and eighty-three, the words and also the Commander-in-Chief of the forces in any presidency in India, " in each place where they occur.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 4. - The Army (Annual) Act, 1890. Section five.

CHAPTER 63.

An Act to amend the Married Women's Property Act, 1882.

[5th December 1893.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Effect of con- 1. Every contract hereafter entered into by a married woman, S'" otherwise than as agent,

(a) shall be deemed to be a contract entered into by her with respect to and to bind her separate property whether she is or is not in fact possessed of or entitled to any separate property at the time when she enters into such contract;

(i b)shall bind all separate property which she may at that time or thereafter be possessed of or entitled to; and (c) shall also be enforceable by process of law against all property which she may thereafter while discovert be possessed of or entitled to;

Provided that nothing in this section contained shall render available to satisfy any liability or obligation arising out of such contract any separate property which at that time or thereafter she is restrained from anticipating.

Costs maybe 2. In any action or proceeding now or hereafter instituted by a ordered to be WOman or by a next friend on her behalf, the court before which perty8uhject°" such action or proceeding is pending shall have jurisdiction by to restraint on judgment or order from time to time to order payment of the costs anticipation. Qj opposite party out of property which is subject to a restraint k on anticipation, and may enforce suen ^ymeni oy the appointment

335

1893. Married Women's Property Act, 1893. Ch. 63, 64.

of a receiver and the Bale of the property or otherwise as may be just.

3. Section twenty-four of the Wills Act, 1837, shall apply to the will of a married woman made during coverture whether she is or is not possessed of or entitled to any separate property at the time of making it, and such will shall not require to be re-executed or republished after the death of her husband.

4. Sub-sections (3) and (4) of section one of the Married Women's Property Act, 1882, are hereby repealed.

5. This Act may be cited as the Married Women's Property Act, 1893.

6. This Act shall not apply to Scotland.

CHAPTER 64.

An Act to authorise the Redemption of the New Three pounds ten shillings per centum Annuities.

[5th December 1893.] TX7 WHEREAS the annuities described in the First Schedule to the National Debt Redemption Act, 1870, as the New Three pounds ten shillings per centum annuities are by virtue of that Act redeemable by Parliament at any time after the fifth day of January one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four, and it is expedient that they be redeemed accordingly:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) Every person who is, on the sixth day of January one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four, a holder of the stock of New Three pounds ten shillings per centum annuities described in the First Schedule to the National Debt Act, 1870, shall on that day be paid off by the payment of a principal sum at the rate of one hundred pounds sterling for every one hundred pounds of the capital sums in respect of which the annuities constituting his stock are payable together with all arrears of those annuities at the rate of three pounds ten shillings per centum per annum, including the proportionate part accrued since the last date for the payment of dividends, and thereupon the said annuities shall cease and be understood to be redeemed.

(2.) The payment may be made either by a warrant sent by post or at the Bank, or by crediting the stockholder in the books of the Bank with the amount of cash due to him.

2. The Bank may close its books for the transfer of the said Three and a half per centum stock at any time on and after the first day of December one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three, and every person who on the day of such closing is inscribed as holder of such stock shall for the purposes of this Act be deemed to be the holder of that stock on the sixth day of «^h^y^pe thousand eight hundred and ninety-four.

Will of married woman.

Repeal.

[Short title.]

Extent

33 & 34 Vict. c. 71.

Redemption of Three and a half per cent, stock.

Power for Bank to close transfer books.

836

Provisions as to persons not claiming redemption money.

Provisions as to powers of attorney.

Provisions as to Bank.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 61.

Bemnneration of Bank.

Definition.

[Short title.]

Extension of period for repayment

Ch. 04, 65. National Debt Redemption 1893. 56 & 57 Vict.

3. If any person credited in pursuance of this Act with money payable to him on redemption of his stock does not claim his money before the last day of May one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four, the money shall be invested forthwith by the Bank in two and three-quarters per cent. Consolidated Stock at the price of the day in the names of the respective holders.

4. — (1.) A power of attorney authorising the sale of any stock liable to redemption under this Act shall authorise the receipt of any money payable on redemption of that stock.

(2.) A power of attorney given exclusively for the purpose of authorising the receipt of money payable on redemption of stock under this Act shall be exempt from stamp duty.

5. — (1.) Any payment which the Bank are authorised by this Act to make to a holder of stock, or to any person holding a power of attorney to sell Rtock or to receive money on the redemption or exchange of stock, may be made by warrant sent by post.

(2.) Where a stockholder desires to have a warrant sent to him by post in pursuance of this section he shall make a request for that purpose to the Bank in writing, signed by him, in a form approved by the Bank, and shall give to the Bank an address in the United Kingdom, or in the Channel Islands, or Isle of Man, to which the letter containing the warrant is to be sent, and the posting of the letter containing the warrant to the address so given shall, as respects the liability of the Bank, be equivalent to the delivery of the warrant to the stockholder.

(3.) A warrant given in pursuance of this section shall be deemed to be a cheque within the meaning of the Bills of Exchange Act, 1882, and shall be exempt from stamp duty.

6. There shall be paid to the Bank out of the Consolidated Fund on account of any additional trouble, expense, and responsibility which may be imposed on it by this Act, in addition to the remuneration otherwise payable in respect of the management of the National Debt, such remuneration as the Treasury and the Bank agree upon.

7. In this Act the expression "the Bank" means the Bank of England or the Bank of Ireland, as the case may require.

8. This Act may be cited as the National Debt Redemption Act, 1893.

CHAPTER 65.

An Act to amend certain provisions relating to Local Loans in Ireland.

[5th December 1893.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (L) Every loan made after the passing of this Act by the Commissioners of Public Works in IrelandCfQSlhe purpose of

1893. PMio Work# Loan* (No. 3) Ch. 65.

Act, 1893.

lunatic asylums shall be repaid within such period, not exceeding fifty years from the date of the advance, as the Treasury by order from time to time fix, and shall bear interest at the rate of three and a half per cent, per annum, or such other rate as may in the judgment of the Treasury be necessary in order to enable the loan to be made without loss to the Exchequer.

Provided that in determining the time for the repayment of a loan, regard shall be had to the probable duration and continuing utility of the works in respect of which the loan is required.

(2.) This section shall apply to loans for the purpose of lunatic asylums which have not, at the passing of this Act, come into course of repayment, although made in whole or in part before the passing of this Act.

2. Whereas the Public Works Loan Commissioners, in the years eighteen hundred and sixty-seven and eighteen hundred and sixty-eight made advances amounting to fifty-nine thousand pounds to the Athenry and Ennis Junction Railway Company (herein-aftea referred to as the Athenry Company), towards constructing their railway, and the loan was made repayable with interest at five per cent, per annum by instalments in twenty years;

And whereas under the Waterford and Limerick Railway Act, 1893, the undertaking of the Athenry Company has been sold to the Waterford and Limerick Railway Company, and the said loan has become a charge upon the purchase money for the undertaking;

And whereas payments have been made to the Public Works Loan Commissioners in part discharge of the interest and instalments of principal, but the income of the undertaking has been insufficient to pay the whole of such interest and instalments;

And whereas it is expedient that the rate of interest on the loan of fifty-nine thousand pounds should be reduced, therefore —

‘The Public Works Loan Commissioners may accept in full discharge of the said loan of fifty-nine thousand pounds, such a sum as will, after allowing for the payments already made, discharge it with interest at the rate of four per cent, per annum, and the sum shall be calculated in the same manner as if the loan had borne interest at the rate of four instead of five per cent, per annum, and as if the payments already made had been applied first in payment of interest at such reduced rate, and the balance in reduction of the principal, and all necessary corrections in the books of the Public Works Loan Commissioners shall be made accordingly. The interest so remitted as aforesaid shall be deemed to be a free grant by Parliament.

3. This Act may be cited as the Public Works Loans (No. 3) Act, 1893.

* T

83f

of loans for lunatic asylums by Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland.

Reduction of interest on loan to Athenry Railway Company.

56 & 57 Vict. c. clxiv.

[Short title.]

338

Ch. 66.

Rules Publication Act , 1893. 56 & 57 Vict.

Notice of aod representation respecting certain draft rules.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 63.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 74.

55 & 56 Vict c. 47.

Pro* is ion si rules in certain cases.

CHAPTER 66.

An Act for the Publication of Statutory Rules.

[21st December 1893.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) At least forty days before making any statutory rules to which this section applies, notice of the proposal to make the rules, and of the place where copies of the draft rules may be obtained, shall be published in the London Gazette.

(2.) During those forty days any public body may obtain copies of such draft rules on payment of not exceeding threepence per Jolio, and any representations or suggestions made in writing b}T a public body interested to the authority proposing to make the rules shall be taken into consideration by that authority before finally settling the rules; and on the expiration of those forty days the rules maj' be made by the rule-making authority, either as originally drawn or as amended by such authority, and shall come into operation forthwith or at such time as may be prescribed in the rules.

(3.) Any enactment which provides that any statutory rules to which this section applies shall not come into operation for a specified period after they are made is hereby repealed, but this repeal shall not affect section thirty-seven of the Interpretation Act, 1889.

(4.) The statutory rules to which this section applies are those made in pursuance of any Act of Parliament which directs the statutory rules to be laid before Parliament, but do not include any statutory rules if the same or a draft thereof are required to be laid before Parliament for any period before the rules come into operation, nor do they include rules made by the Local Government Board for England or Ireland, the Board of Trade, or the Revenue Departments, or by or for the purposes of the Post Office; nor rules made by the Board of Agriculture under the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1878, and the Acts amending the same.

(5.) This section shall not apply to Scotland.

(6.) In the case of any rules which it is proposed shall extend to Ire1 and, publication in the Dublin Gazette of the notice required by this section shall be requisite in addition to, or, if they extend to Ireland only, in lieu of, publication in the London Gazette. 2 *

2. Where a rule-making authority certifies that *>n account of

urgency or any special reason any rule should come into immediate operation, it shall be lawful for such authority to make any such

ruleg to couie into operation fort^w[i|JibnQ^q^kj^al rule, but such

Rules Publication Act, 1893. Ch. 66.

339

provisional rules shall only continue in force until rules have been made in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Act.

3. — (1.) All statutory rules made after the thirty-first day of Printing, December next after the passing of this Act shall forthwith after

they are made be sent to the Queen's printer of Acts of Parliament, statutory°ru and shall, in accordance with regulations made by the Treasury, with the concurrence of the Lord Chancellor and the Speaker of the House of Commons, be numbered, and (save as provided by the regulations) printed, and sold by him.

(2.) Any statutory rules may, without prejudice to any other mode of citation, be cited by the number so given as above mentioned and the calendar year.

(3.) Where any statutory rules are required by any Act to be published or notified in the London, Edinburgh, or Dublin Gazette, a notice in the Gazette of the rules having been made, and of the place where copies of them can be purchased, shall be sufficient compliance with the said requirement.

(4.) Regulations under this section may provide for the different treatment of statutory rules which are of the nature of public Acts, and of those which are of the nature of local and personal or private Acts; and may determine the classes of cases in which the exercise of a statutory power by any rule-making authority constitutes or does not constitute the making of a statutory rule within the meaning of this section, and may provide for the exemption from this section of anjr such classes.

(5.) In the making of such regulations, each Government department concerned shall be consulted, and due regard had to the view's of that department.

4. In this Act — Definitions.

" Statutory rules" means rules, regulations, or byelaws made under any Act of Parliament which (a) relate to any court in the United Kingdom, or to the procedure, practice, costs, or fees therein, or to any fees or matters applying generally throughout England, Scotland, or Ireland; or (6) are made by Her Majesty in Council, the Judicial Committee, the Treasury, the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Lieutenant or the Lord Chancellor of Ireland, or a Secretary of State, the Admiralty, the Board of Trade, the Local Government Board for England or Ireland, the Chief Secretary for Ireland, or any other Government Department " Rule-making authority " includes every authority authorised to make any statutory rules. 5

[Short title.]

5. This Act may be cited as the Rules Publication Act, 1893.

340

Ch. 67, 68.

Shop Hows Act, 1898.

56 & 57 Vict.

Short titles.

Salaries and expenses.

Definitions.

CHAPTER 07.

An Act to amend the Shop Hours Act, 1892.

[21st December 1893.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Shop Hours Act, 1893, and this Act and the Shop Hours Act, 1892, may be cited together as the Shop Hours Acts, 1892 and 1893.

2. — (1.) Any salaries payable or other expenses incurred by the council of a county or a borough for the purposes of the Shop Hours Act, 1892, shall be defrayed by the council of a county out of the county fund, and by the council of a borough out of the borough fund or borough rate.

(2.) In Ireland, such salaries and expenses shall be defrayed, if payable or incurred by the council of a municipal borough out of the borough fund or borough rate, and, if payable or incurred by the commissioners of a town or township, out of any rate leviable by them as such commissioners throughout the whole of their district.

3. In the application to Scotland of the Shop Hours Act, 1892, and of this Act, —

The expression "council of a county or a borough" means the county council of a county and the commissioners of police of burghs in which there are such commissioners, and in burghs in which there are no such commissioners the town council.

The expressions " county fund " shall mean the general purposes rate, and " borough fund or borough rate " shall mean, in burghs in which there are commissioners of police, the police assessment, or in their option the public health assessment; and in burghs in which there are no such commissioners any assessment levied by the town council.

CHAPTER 68.

An Act for enabling County Councils to promote the establishment of Hospitals for the reception of Patients suffering from Infectious Diseases.

[21st December 1893.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

1893.

Isolation Hospitals Act, 1893. Ch. 68.

841

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Isolation Hospitals Act, 1893.

2. This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland, or to the Limits of Act. administrative county of London, or to any county borough, or

without the consent of the council of the borough to any borough containing, according to the census for the time being in force, a population of ten thousand persons or upwards, or to any borough containing a less population without the like consent, unless the Local Government Board by order direct that the Act shall apply to such borough.

3. The council of every county may, on such application being County council made to them, and proof adduced, as is in this Act mentioned,

provide or cause to be provided in any district within their county ofisolation"1 a hospital for the reception of patients suffering from infectious hospitals on diseases (in this Act referred to as " an isolation hospital "). application, &c.

4. — (1.) An application to a county council for the establishment Application, of an isolation hospital may be made by any one or more of the ^hom to be authorities, by this Act defined as local authorities, having jurisdic- ma c '

lion in the county, or any part of the county; and any such application may be made in pursuance of a resolution passed at a meeting of such authority by a majority of the members assembled thereat, and voting in manner in which votes are required by law to be given at a meeting of the authority. Any such meeting shall be called together by notice given in manner in which notices of the meetings of the authority concerned are required to be given by law, and specifying the object of the meeting to be the making an application to the county council under this Act.

(2.) An application for the establishment of an isolation hospital may also be made by any number of ratepayers not less than twenty-five, in any contributory place as defined by this Act

5. — (1.) The application shall be made by petition, and shall Application, state the district for which tlve isolation hospital is required, and h°w

the reasons which the petitioners adduce for its establishment

(2.) The county council shall, by themselves, or by a committee of their body appointed for that purpose, consider the petition, and, if satisfied by the statements of the petition as originally prepared, or by any amendments made therein, that a prima facie case is made out for a local inquiry, they shall cause such inquiry to be made as to the necessity for the establishment of an isolation hospital. 6 *

6. The county council may direct an inquiry to be made Effect of by the medical officer of health of the county as to the necessity of reP°.rt

an isolation hospital being established for the use of the inhabi- ^c^Jtyfcer

tants of any particular district in the county, and in the event of such medieal officer reporting that such an hospital ought to be established for the use of the inhabitants of a district, may take the same proceedings in all respects for the establishment of such

hospital as if a petition had been presented by a local authority for the establishment of an isolation hospital fo£ tjgnamed in the report of such medical officer of health.

342

Ch. 68.

Conduct of local inquiry,

Variation of district and appeal.

Order as to dismissal of petition or constitution district.

Hospital

committee.

isolation Hospitals Act, 1893. 56 & 57 Vict.

7. The county council shall conduct the local inquiry into the necessity for the establishment of an isolation hospital, and as to the proper site for the hospital, and the district for which it is to be established (in this Act called the " hospital district "), by a committee consisting of such number of their members, either with or without the addition of such other persons, or in such other manner as the council think expedient. All expenses properly incurred by any such committee shall be paid as herein-after directed. The local inquiry shall be held subject to such regulations and otherwise as the council thinks fit. Due notice of the time and place at which any inquiry is to be held by the county council shall be given in such manner as the county council may think the best adapted to inform any persons interested, and such persons may attend and state their case before the members appointed to conduct such inquiry.

8. — (1.) Every hospital district constituted under this Act shall consist of a single local area, or two or more local areas, os defined by this Act.

(2.) The county council may vary any proposed hospital district by adding to it or subtracting from it any local area. A local area which is already provided with such isolation hospital accommodation as may in the opinion of the county council be sufficient for the reasonable exigencies of such area, shall not, without the assent of the local authority of such area testified by a resolution of such authority, be included in a hospital district under this Act.

(3.) If any local authority, having jurisdiction within any part of the proposed hospital district, object to the formation of such a district, or to the addition or subtraction thereto or therefrom of any local area within their jurisdiction, such authority may at any time within three months from the date of the order appeal to the Local Government Board, and the decision of such Board shall be conclusive.

9. On conclusion of a local inquiry by the county council as to the necessity for the establishment of an isolation hospital, the county council shall make an order, either dismissing the petition, or constituting a hospital district, and directing an isolation hospital for such district to be established: Provided that the county council shall not take steps for the constitution of a hospital district for one or more contributory places forming a portion of a rural sanitary district within the jurisdiction of the county council, or for one local area, unless the sanitary authority of such place or places, or area, assent to the application, or are proved to the satisfaction of the county council to be unable or unwilling to make suitable hospital accommodation for such place, places, or area. 10

10. — (1.) When a hospital district has been constituted, a committee shall be formed by the county council. Any such committee may consist wholly of members of the county council, or partly of members of the county council and partly of representatives of the local area or areas in the district, or wholly of such local representatives. The county council shall make regulations for the

1893.

Isolation Hospitals Act, 1893. CiT. 68. 343

election, rotation, and qualification, and for all other matters relating to the constitution of any such committee, subject to these qualifications, that where no contribution is made by the county council to the funds of the hospital, such committee shall consist, unless the constituent local authorities otherwise desire, wholly of representatives of the local area or local areas of the district, and that if any local authority within the hospital district feels aggrieved by the mode in which any such committee is constituted, it may appeal to the Local Government Board, and that Board may modify the constitution of any committee so formed by the county council in such manner as the Board think expedient and just.

(2.) A hospital committee shall have all such powers of acquiring land as are herein-after mentioned, also all such other powers of providing a hospital by purchase or otherwise, and managing and maintaining the same when so provided, as the county council may delegate to them: Provided that the county council shall retain to themselves the power of inspecting any such hospital, and of raising money by loan for the purposes of such hospital.

(3.) A hospital committee shall be a body corporate, having a perpetual succession and a common seal, under such name and style as may be conferred on it by the county council. It shall be capable of acquiring land, by devise, gift, purchase or oihervvi.se, without licence in mortmain.

(4.) Where a hospital district is an area wholly or as to the greater part thereof under the jurisdiction of any corporate local authority, the county council may, if they think fit, invest such local authority with all the powers of a hospital committee under this Act, and thereupon such authority shall be deemed to be the hospital committee for such district, and shall exercise all the powers of such committee under its original corporate name.

11. Subject to any directions given by the county council, a Purchase of hospital committee may purchase or lease any land, whether within j*ud *T or without the hospital district, for the purpose of erecting thereon °*pI an isolation hospital, and may exercise all the powers conferred on a sanitary authority by the provisions of the Public Health 38 39 vict-Act, 1875, and the Acts amending the same, relating to the purchase c' of lands. For the purposes of this section the provisions contained in sections one hundred and seventy-five to one hundred and seventy-eight (inclusive), and sections two hundred and ninety-six to two hundred and ninety-eight (inclusive), of the Public Health Act, 1875, shall, so far as consistent herewith, be incorporated with this Act.

12. A hospital committee may from time to time, make all necessary rules and regulations for the conduct and management of their hospital and the patients therein.

Management of hospital, and regulations.

13. Every isolation hospital shall be provided with an ambulance Ambulances to or ambulances for the purpose of conveying patients to the hospital, be rrovided. and shall, so far as practicable, be in connexion with the system of telegraphs.

344

Additional hospital accommodation.

Training of nurses.

Charges for patients.

Classification of expenses.

Ch. 6$. Isolation Hospitals Act, 1893. 56 & 57 Vict.

14. A hospital commi ttee may, in expectation of or in the event of an outbreak of any infectious disease, provide any accommodation in addition to their existing accommodation, by hiring or otherwise acquiring, any buildings, tents, wooden houses, or other places for the reception of patients. A hospital committee may, in addition to, or instead of, providing a central hospital, establish within their district hospitals in cottages or small buildings, or otherwise as they may think expedient A hospital committee may also, before they have established a permanent hospital or hospitals, provide for their district such temporary accommodation ti8 is in this section mentioned.

15. Subject to any regulations made by the county council, a hospital committee may make arrangements for the training of nurses for attendance on patients suffering from any infectious disease, either iuside or outside the hospital, and may charge for the attendance of such nurses outside the hospital; and the expenses of any such nurses, after deducting any profits derived from their services, shall be establishment expenses of the hospital, within the meaning of this Act.

16. — (1.) There shall be charged with respect to every person admitted into the hospital such sum as the hospital committee may think sufficient to defray the expenses in this Act defined as patients' expenses incurred in respect of such person; and there shall be added thereto, in the case of. persons brought from heyond the hospital district, such sum as the committee may think fit, as a contribution to the structural and establishment expenses.

(2.) Persons desirous of being provided with accommodation of an exceptional character may be so provided on their undertaking, to the satisfaction of the committee, to pay for the same a sum fixed by the committee, and also to pay for all other expenses incurred in respect of their maintenance in the hospital, and all expenses so incurred in respect of such a patient are in this Act referred to as " special patients' expenses."

17. - (1.) The expenses to be incurred in respect of any isolation hospital under this Act shall be classified as structural expenses, establishment expenses, and patients' expenses.

" Structural expenses " shall include the original cost of providing the hospital, including the purchase (if any) of the site, and the furnishing such hospital with the necessary appliances and furniture required for the purpose of receiving patients; also any permanent extension or enlargement of the hospital, or any alteration or repair of the drainage, and any structural repairs; but shall not include ordinary repairs, painting, cleaning, or the renewal or keeping in order of the appliances and furniture, or the supply of new appliances or furniture.

" Establishment expenses" means the cost of keeping the hospital, its appliances and furniture, in a state requisite for the comfort of the patients, also the salaries of the doctors, nurses, servants, and all other expenses for maintaining the hospital in a fit state for the reception of patients.

Isolation Hospitals, 1803. Ch. 08.

345

" Patients' expenses '' means the cost of conveying, removing, feeding, providing medicines, disinfecting, and all other things required for patients individually, exclusive of structural and establishment expenses.

(2.) All expenses incurred by a county council in and about the formation of a hospital district, including the costs of any inquiries, and the expenses of obtaining land and other preliminary expenses, shall be deemed to be structural expenses.

(3.) In the case of any doubt arising as to what are structural expenses, establishment expenses, or patients* expenses within the meaning of this Act, the decision of the hospital committee shall be conclusive.

18. All expenses incurred by a county council or by a hospital Payment of committee under this Act, with the exception of patients' expenses exPeD8es. and special patients' expenses, shall, when a hospital district consists of a single local area, be defrayed out of the local rate of that area. Where the hospital district consists of more than one local area, all the expenses, save as aforesaid, incurred by the hospital committee shall be paid out of a common fund to which all receipts shall be carried, and to which the local authorities in the hospital district shall contribute in such proportions as the county council by their order constituting the district may determine.

Section two hundred and eighty-four of the Public Health Act, 38 & 39 Vict. 1875, shall apply to the sums to be contributed by the local c*55, authorities under this section as if the same were sums to be contributed by component districts and the hospital committee were a joint board under that Act.

19. — (1.) Patients' expenses, in respect of any person who at Recovery of the time of his reception into the hospital, or at any time within patHMlts' fourteen days previously, is or has been in receipt of poor law relief, expeupes' shall be a debt due to the hospital committee from the guardians

of the union from which he is sent, and shall be recoverable from them in a summary manner or otherwise.

(2.) Patients' expenses, in respect of a non-pauper patient, shall be a debt due to the hospital committee, and recoverable in a summary manner from the local authority of the local area from which the patient is sent, and shall be paid out of the local rate.

(3.) Where a patient has been brought from a place beyond the hospital district, any additional charges made by the hospital committee in respect of such patient shall be recoverable as if they were part of the patients' expenses.

(4.) Special patients' expenses shall be a debt recoverable in a summary manner from the patient, or from the estate of the patient, in respect of whom the expenses have been incurred.

(5.) The expenses of the burial of any patient dying in the hospital shall be payable in the same manner in which the expenses of his maintenance are payable.

20. A county council may, on the application of a hospital eom- Power of

mittee, and with the assent of any local authority concerned in

such alteration, alter any order made by them for the establishment Of a hospital. '' finOTI-

Ch. 68.

Isolation Hospitals Act, 1893. 50 & 57 Vict.

Power of county councils to contribute to hospitals.

Power to borrow money.

Treatment in hospital not to disqualify.

Inquiries by Local Government Board.

Audit of accounts.

Definitions.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 55.

21. A county council may, where they deem it expedient so to do for the benefit of the county, contribute out of the county rate a cipital or annual sum towards the structural and the establishment expenses of an isolation hospital, or to either class of such expenses.

22. A county council may borrow on the security of the county rate, and in manner provided by the Local Government Act, 1888, any money required for the purpose of cariying into effect the provisions of this Act; and any loans so borrowed, and any other money expended by them for the purposes of this Act, together with interest thereon at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, shall be repaid to the county council out of the local rate, as in this Act directed; and, in the case of a loan, shall be repaid within a period not exceeding that within which the loan is repayable by the county council.

23. A person shall not by reason of his being admitted into and maintained in an hospital established in pursuance of this Act suffer any disqualification or any loss of franchise or other right or privilege.

24. Sub-sections one and five of section eighty-seven of the Local Government Act, 1888, shall apply in every case where the Local Government Board are authorised to determine any question on appeal to them.

25. The provisions of sections two hundred and forty-five, two hundred and forty-seven, two hundred and forty-nine, and two hundred and fifty of the Public Health Act, 1875, as amended by the District Auditors Act, 1879, shall apply to the accounts of any hospital committee, and of any officers or assistants of such committee, and to the audit of such accounts, as if such committee were an urban authority other than the council of a borough.

26. A " local area" means in this Act any one of the following localities, that is to say, an urban sanitary district, a rural sanitary district, or any contributory place, or where a local area is included in more than one county, the part of the area included in each county.

A " contributory place " has the same meaning in this Act as in section two hundred and twenty-nine of the Public Health Act, 1875.

A " local authority" means in this Act, as respects an urban sanitary district, the urban sanitary authority; as respects a rural sanitary district, the rural sanitary authority, and in the case of any contributory place l)eing a parish, the vestry or other authority in which the powers of the vestry may be vested by any Act of Parliament, and in the case of any other contributory place situated within the district of a rural sanitary authority, such rural sanitary authority.

The " local rate " means, as respects an urban or rural sanitary district or contributory place, the rate out of which expenses incurred in the execution of the Acts rcl^thg^a [public health are directed to be paid, and in the cJWo# iiny concrioutory place the

347

1893. Isolation Hospitals, 1893. Ch. 68, 69.

expenses incurred in the execution of this Act shall be deemed to be special expenses.

The expression "infectious diseases " in this Act has the same meaning as in the Infectious Diseases (Notification) Act. 1889, and the provisions of this Act shall apply to the infectious diseases specifically mentioned in that Act, and may be applied to any other infectious disease, by order of the county council, or any committee} to whom they have delegated their powers under this section, in like manner as if such council or committee were a local authority acting under that Act.

CHAPTER 69.

All Act. to amend the Law relating1 to Savings Banks.

[21st December 1893.]

BE it enacted by the (Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Subject to the provisions of the Po.t Office Savings Banks Acts, 1801 to 1891, of the Trustee Savings Banks Acts, 1863 to 1891, of the Government Annuities Act, 1882, and of this Act, there shall not be deposited in a savings bank by any depositor at any time within any one savings bank year any sum or sums exceeding in the aggregate fifty pounds, whether any sum has been previously withdrawn or not.

2. — (1.) The amount of Government stock credited by a savings bank authority to the account of any depositor in any savings bank year whether any stock has been previously sold or not shall not exceed two hundred pounds stock.

(2.) The whole amount of Government stock credited by a savings bank authority to the account of a depositor shall not exceed five hundred pounds stock at any one time.

(3.) Provided that a depositor may, not more than once in any savings bank year, purchase stock to replace stock previously sold in one entire sum during that year.

3. — (1.) Whenever by reason of interest or dividends credited to a depositor in respect of money or stock standing to his credit in a savings bank, or by reason of any sum transferred to his account from the account of a deceased depositor, the sum standing in the name of a depositor in a savings bank exceeds two hundred pounds, all sums in excess of that amount shall, unless the depositor otherwise directs, be invested by the savings bank authority in Government stock, and that stock shall be credited to the account of the depositor, but shall not be reckoned in computing the amount of stock which may be credited to the account of a depositor in any one savings bank year di^fff1 the aggregate.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 72.

Limits of annual deposit.

Limits of investment in Government stock.

Investment of interest and dividends.

43 & 44 Vict. c. 36.

Rules as to computing maximum and dealing with dividends.

Interpretation of terms.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 87.

43 ft Vict. c. 36.

Proof that hank is a Post < )ffice savings bank.

Extension of Act to Channel Islands and Is'e of Man.

Ch. 63. Savings Sank 1898. 56 & 57 Vict.

(2.) Regulations made in accordance with the provisions of the Savings Banks Act, 1880, may prescribe the times at which investments are to be made, the minimum amount to be invested at any one time, the class of stock to be purchased, the commission to be paid by the depositor, and any other matter incidental to investments in pursuance of this section.

(3.) This section shall not apply to any depositor entitled by law to deposit or invest in a savings bank a larger sum than two hundred pounds.

4. — (1.) Dividends on Government stock credited to a depositor in a savings bank shall be dealt with in all respects as money deposited by that depositor, but shall not during the year in which they are credited be reckoned in computing the maximum amount which may be deposited in that year or in the aggregate.

(2.) When any sums not deposited for immediate investment in Government stock or in the purchase of a savings bank annuity or insurance are so invested by any savings bank authority on the request of the depositor, any sums previously deposited in the same savings bank year by that depositor shall not, except so far as they exceed in the aggregate the sums so invested in that year, be reckoned in computing the maximum amount which may be deposited in that year.

5. — (1.) In this Act —

The expression "savings bank " includes both a tiustee savings bank and a Post Office savings bank, but no other savings bank.

The expression "trustee savings bank" means a bank certified under the Trustee Savings Bank Act, 1863.

The expression "savings bank year " means, with reference to a trustee savings bank, the year ending on the twentieth day of November, and with reference to the Post Office savings bank the year ending on the thirty-first day of December.

The expression "savings bank authority" means as regards any trustee savings bank the trustees of that bank, and as regards the Post Office savings bank the Postmaster-General.

The expressions " savings bank annuity " and " savings bank insurance, " mean respectively an annuity and an insurance purchased or paid under the Government Annuities Acts, 1829 to 1887, through the medium of a savings bank.

(2.) The expression "Government stock " in this Act and in the Savings Banks Act, 1880, shall mean the classes of stock mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act.

0. The fact that a bank is a Post Office savings bank for the purposes of the Bankers' Books Evidence Act, 1879, may be proved by a certificate purporting to be under the hand of the Controller or Assistant Controller of the Post Office savings bank.

7. This Act shall extend to the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man, and the Royal Courts of the Channel Islands shall register the same.

1893.

Savings Bank, 1893. Ch. G9.

349

8. The enactments specified in the Second Schedule to this Act Repeal, are hereby repealed to the extent shown in the third column of

that schedule.

9. — (1.) This Act may be cited as the Savings Bank Act, 1893. Short titles.

(2.) The Trustee Savings Banks Acts, 18G3 to 1891, and this Act may be cited collectively as the Trustee Savings Banks Acts, 1863 to 1893.

(3.) The Post Office Savings Bank Acts, 1861 to 1891, and this Act, may be cited collectively as the Post Office Savings Bank Acts,

1861 to 1893.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE. Section 5 (2).

Government Stock.

Two and three-quarters per cent. Consolidated Stock (1903).

Two and three-quarters per cent. Annuities (1905).

Two and a half per cent. Annuities.

Locnl Loans three per cent. Stock.

Guaranteed Land Stock.

SECOND SCHEDULE. Enactments Repealed.

[Short Title.]

! Session and Chapter. 1 i Extent of Repeal.

9 Geo. 4. c. 92 - 1 The Savings Bank Act, 1828. Section thirty-five.

3&4 Will. 4. o. 14 The Savings Bank Act, 1833. Section twenty-nine.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 87 The Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1863. Section thirty - nine, down to the words "provided that, " inclusive.

43 <fe 44 Vict. c. 36 The Savings Banks Act, 1880. j In section three, paragraphs (b) and (c) of sub-section one, and the whole of sub-seo-tion five. In section five, the definition of "Government stock."

50 & 51 Vict. c. 40 I The Savings Banks Acfc, j 1887. Section six.

Ch. 70.

East India Loan Act, 1893.

56 & 57 Vict.

[Short title.]

Definition.

Power to the Secretary of State to raise any sum not exceeding 10,000.000l.

Issue of bonds.

Signature of debentures and bills

Issue of debentures.

Payment of principal and interest on debentures.

CHAPTER 70.

An Act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise Money in the United Kingdom for the Service of the Government of India, and for other purposes relating thereto.

[21st December 1893.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the East India Loan Act, 1803.

2. In this Act the expression "Secretary of State" means the Secretary of State in Council of India, unless the contest otherwise requires.

3. It shall be lawful for the Secretary of State, at any time or times, to raise in the United Kingdom, for the service of the Government of India, any sum or sums of monejr not exceeding in the whole ten millions of pounds sterling, such sum or sums to be raised by the creation and issue of bonds, debentures, bills, or capital stock bearing interest, or partly by one of such modes, and partly by another or others.

4. All bonds issued under the authority of this Act may be issued under the hands of two members of the Council of India, and countersigned by the Secretary of State for India, or one of his under secretaries, or his assistant under secretary, and shall be for such respective amounts, payable after such notice, and at such rate or rates of interest, as the said Secretary of State may think fit.

5. All debentures and bills to be issued by the Secretary of State under the authority of this or any previous Act of Parliament, instead of being signed by two Members of the Council of India and countersigned, shall bear the name of one of the under secretaries of state for India for the time being, and that name may be impressed or affixed by machinery or otherwise in such manner as the Secretary of State may from time to time direct.

6. All debentures issued under the authority of this Act may be issued for such respective amounts, and at such rate or rates of interest, as the Secretary of State may think fit, and shall be issued at or for such prices, and on such terms, as may be determined by the Secretary of State.

7. All debentures issued under the authority of this Act shall be paid off at par at a time or times to be mentioned in such debentures respectively; and the interest on all such debentures shall be paid on such days as shall be mentioned therein; and the principal moneys and interest secured by such debentures shall be payable either at the treasury of the Secretary of State in London or <*t the Bank of England,

East India Loan , 1893. Ch. 70.

351

8. The debentures issued under the authority of this Act, and Transfer of all right to and in respect of the principal and interest moneys coutoiw for*0* secured thereby, shall be transferable by the delivery of such interest, debentures or, at the discretion of the Secretary of State, by deed; provided that the coupons for interest annexed to any debenture

issued under the authority of this Act shall pass by delivery.

9. All bills issued under the authority of this Act may be issued J»uc of bills, for 6uch respective amounts as the Secretary of State may think fit,

and shall be issued at or for such prices, and on such terms, as may be determined by the Secretary of State.

10. A bill issued under the authority of this Act shall be a bill for Description, the payment of the principal sum named therein at the date therein ^Jrfnterest mentioned, so that the date be not more than twelve months from Cn bills, the date of the bill; and the principal sum secured by such bill shall be payable either at the treasury of the Secretary of State in London or at the Bank of England. Interest shall be payable in respect of such bill at such rate and in such manner as the Secretary of State may determine.

11. Any capital stock created under the authority of this Act Creation of shall bear such rate of interest as the Secretary of State may caP, tals, nck think fit; and such capital stock may be issued on such terms as may be determined by the Secretary of State; and any such capital stock may bear interest during such period, and be paid off at par at such time, as the Secretary of State may prescribe previously to the issue of such capital stock.

12. In case of the creation and issue of any such capital stock there shall be kept, either at the office of the Secretary of State in London, or at the Bank of England, books wherein entries shall be made of the said capital stock, and wherein all assignments or transfers of the same, or any part thereof, shall be entered and registered, and shall be signed by the parties making such assignments or transfers, or, if such parlies be absent, by his, her, or their attorney or attorneys thereunto lawfully authorised by writing under his, her, or their hands and seals, to be attested by two or more credible witnesses; and the person or persons to whom such transfer or transfers shall be made may respectively underwrite his, her, or their acceptance thereof; and no other mode of assigning or transferring the said capital stock or any part thereof, or any interest therein, shall be good and available in law, and no stamp duties whatsoever shill be charged on the said transfers or any of them,

13. The whole amount of the principal moneys to be charged on the revenues of India under this Act shall not exceed ten millions of pounds sterling.

14. Upon or for the repayment of any principal moneys secured under the authority of this Act, the Secretary of State may at any time borrow or raise, by all or any of the modes aforesaid, all or any part of the amount of principal money repaid or to be repaid, and so from time to time as all or any pn^of ^p^p^ip^moiicys

Transfer books of capital stock.

Amount charged on revenues of India not to exceed 10,000,000l. Power to raise money for payment of principal money.

352

Ch. 70.

East India Loan Act, 1893.

56 & 57 Vict.

under this Act may require to be repaid, but the amount so to be charged on the revenues of India shall not in any case exceed the principal moneys required to be repaid.

Securities to 15. All bonds, debentures, and bills issued under this Act, be charged on and the principal moneys and interest thereby secured, and all IndiaUe*of capital stock issued under this Act, and the interest thereon,

Rhall be charged on and payable out of the revenues of India, in like manner as other liabilities incurred on account of the Government of India.

Provisions as 16. The provisions contained in section four of the Act fifth to composition and sixth William the Fourth, chapter sixty-four, with respect to duttoon India composition and agreement for the payment by the East bonds extended India Company of an annual sum in lieu of stamp duties on their to bonds, bonds, and the exemption of their bonds from stamp duties, shall be applicable with respect to the bonds, debentures, and bills to be issued by the Secretary of State under the authority of this or any previous Act, as if such provisions were here and there repeated and re-enacted with reference thereto.

debentures, and bills.

Forgery of 17. All provisions now in force in anywise relating to the offence houdg1 aud' (oT^ or ^ring, or offering, uttering, disposing of, or putting biibi. ' a° knowing the same to be forged or altered, any East India bond,

with intent to defraud, shall extend and be applicable to and in respect of any bond, debenture, or bill issued under the authority of this Act.

Saving existing borrowing powers of Se-cretaryof State.

18. This Act shall not prejudice or affect any power of raising or borrowing money vested in the said Secretary of State at the time of passing thereof.

stock created 19. Any capital stock created under this Act shall be deemed

to*b?d?m'dCt k0 ^nc^a 8tock w^hin the Act of the twenty-sixth and twenty -

India stock! seventh Victoria, chapter seventy-three, anything in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Amendment of 20. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Acts previous East thirty-sixth Victoria, chapter thirty-two, fortieth and forty-first Acts! °an Victoria, chapter fifty-one, and forty-second and forty-third Victoria, chapter sixty, the whole or any part of the moneys which by those Acts respectively the Secretary of State is authorised to borrow, may be raised by the creation of capital stock bearing interest, as well as by any of the other means therein respectively mentioned.

Application of 21. The expression public stocks and funds in section seven Women'* ^arr*e(l Womens Property Act, 1882, shall, as from the

Property Act, commencement of that Act, be deemed to have included and shall 1882. ' include any capital stock issued by the Secretary of State under

the authority of Act of Parliament and charged on the revenues of India.

1893. Sale of Goods, 1893. Ch. 71. 353

CHAPTER 71.

An Act for codifying the Law relating to the Sale of Goods.

[20th February 1894.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

PART I.

Formation of the Contract.

Contract of Sale.

1. — (1.) A contract of sale of goods is a contract whereby the seller transfers or agrees to transfer the property in goods to the buyer for a money consideration, called the price. There may be a contract of sale between one part owner and another.

(2.) A contract of sale may be absolute or conditional.

(3.) Where under a contract of sale the property in the goods is transferred from the seller to the buyer the contract is called a sale; but where the transfer of the property in the goods is to take place at a future time or subject to some condition thereafter to be fulfilled the contract is called an agreement to sell.

(4.) An agreement to sell becomes a sale when the time elapses or the conditions are fulfilled subject to which the property in the goods is to be transferred.

2. Capacity to buy and sell is regulated by the general law concerning capacity to contract, and to transfer and acquire property.

Provided that where necessaries are sold and delivered to an infant, or minor, or to a person who by reason of mental incapacity or drunkenness is incompetent to contract, he must pay a reasonable price therefor.

Necessaries in this section mean goods suitable to the condition in life of such infant or minor or other person, and to his actual requirements at the time of the sale and delivery.

Formalities of the Contract.

3. Subject to the provisions of this Act and of any statute in that behalf, a contract of sale may be made in writing (either with or without seal), or by word of mouth, or partly in writing and partly by word of mouth, or may be implied from the conduct of the parties.

Provided that nothing in this section shall affect the law relating to corporations.

4. — (1.) A contract for the sale of any goods of the value of ten pounds or upwards shall not be enforceable by action unless the buyer shall accept part of the goods so sold, and actually receive the same, or give something in earnest to bind the contract, or in part payment, or unless some note or memoranda(g of

Sale and agreement to sell.

Capacity to buy and sell

Contract of sale, how made.

Contract of sale for ten pounds and upwards.

Existing or future goods.

Goods which have perished.

Goods perish* ing before Bale but after agreement to sell.

Ascertainment of price.

Agreement to sell at valuation.

Ch. 71. Sale of Goals, 1893. 56 & 57 Vict.

the contract be made and signed by the party to be charged or his agent in that behalf.

(2.) The provisions of this section apply to every such contract, notwithstanding that the goods may be intended to be delivered at some future time, or may not at the time of such contract be actually made, procured, or provided, or fit or ready for delivery, or some act may be requisite for the making or completing thereof, or rendering the same fit for delivery.

(3.) There is an acceptance of goods within the meaning of this section when the buyer does any act in relation to the goods which recognises a pre-existing contract of sale whether there be an acceptance in performance of the contract or not.

(4.) The provisions of this section do not apply to Scotland.

Subject matter of Contract.

5. — (1.) The goods which form the subject of a contract of sale may be either existing goods, owned or possessed by the seller, or goods to be manufactured or acquired by the seller after the making of the contract of sale, in this Act called " future goods."

(2.) There may be a contract for the sale of goods, the acquisition of which by the seller depends upon a contingency which may or may not happen.

(3.) Where by a contract of sale the seller purports to effect a present sale of future goods, the contract operates as an agreement to sell the goods.

6. Where there is a contract for the sale of specific goods, and the goods without the knowledge of the seller have perished at the time when the contract is made, the contract is void.

7. Where there is an agreement to sell specific goods, and subsequently the goods, without any fault on the part of the seller or buyer, perish before the risk passes to the buyer, the agreement is thereby avoided.

The Price.

8. — (1.) The price in a contract of sale may be fixed by the contract, or may be left to be fixed in manner thereby agreed, or may be determined by the course of dealing between the parties.

(2.) Where the price is not determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions the buyer must pay a reasonable price. What is a reasonable price is a question of fact dependent on the circumstances of each particular case.

9. — (1.) Where there is an agreement to sell goods on the terms that the price is to be fixed by the valuation of a third party, and such third party cannot or does not make such valuation, the agreement is avoided; provided that if the goods or any part thereof have been delivered to and appropriated by the buyer he must pay a reasonable price therefor.

(2.) Where such third party is prevented from making the valuation by the fault of the seller or rbtrvei; the party not in

VoFVyvlr r J

Ch. 71.

355

Sale of Goods Act, 1893.

fault may maintain an action for damages against the party in fault.

Conditions and Warranties,

10. — (1.) Unless a different intention appears from the terms stipulations as of the contract, stipulations as to time of payment are not deemed to time. to be of the essence of a contract of sale. Whether any other stipulation as to time is of the essence of the contract or not depends on the terms of the contract.

(2.) In a contract of sale " month" means prima facie calendar month.

1L — (1.) In England or Ireland —

(a.) Where a contract of sale is subject to any condition to be When con-fulhlled by the seller, the buyer may waive the condition, or ^°"dt8bc may elect to treat the breach of such condition as a breach of warranty, and not as a ground for treating the contract as repudiated.

(6.) Whether a stipulation in a contract of sale is a condition, the breach of which may give rise to a right to treat the contract as repudiated, or a warranty, the breach of which may give rise to a claim for damages but not to a right to reject the goods and treat the contract as repudiated, depends in each case on the construction of the contract. A stipulation may be a condition, though called a warranty in the contract:

(c.) Where a contract of sale is not severable, and the buyer has accepted the goods, or part thereof, or where the contract is for specific goods, the property in which has passed to the buyer, the breach of any condition to be fulfilled by the seller can only be treated as a breach of warranty, and not as a ground for rejecting the goods and treating the contract as repudiated, unless there be a term of the contract, express or implied, to that effect.

(2.) In Scotland, failure by the seller to perform any material part of a contract of sale is a breach of contract, which entitles the buyer either within a reasonable time after delivery to reject the goods and treat the contract as repudiated, or to retain the goods and treat the failure to perform such material part as a breach which may give rise to a claim for compensation or damages.

(3.) Nothing in this section shall affect the case of any condition or warranty, fulfilment of which is excused by law by reason of impossibility or otherwise.

12. In a contract of sale, unless the circumstances of the contract Implied under-are such as to show a different intention, there is — RS to

(1.) An implied condition on the part of the seller that in the case of a sale he has a right to sell the goods, and that in the case of an agreement to sell he will have a right to sell the goods at the time when the property is to pass:

(2.) An implied warranty that the buyer shall have and enjoy

quiet possession of the goods:

356

Ch. 71.

Sale of Goods, 1893.

56 & 57 Vict.

(3.) An implied warranty that the goods shall be free from any charge or encumbrance in favour of any third party, not declared or known to the buyer before or at the time when the contract is made.

Sale by description.

Implied conditions as to quality or fitness.

13. Where there is a contract for the sale of goods by description, there is an implied condition that the goods shall correspond with the description; and if the sale be by sample, as well as by description, it is not sufficient that the bulk of the goods corresponds with the sample if the goods do not also correspond with the description.

14. Subject to the provisions of this Act and of any statute in that behalf, there is no implied warranty or condition as to the quality or fitness for any particular purpose of goods supplied under a contract of sale, except as follows:—

(1.) Where the buyer, expressly or by implication, makes known to the seller the particular purpose for which the goods are required, so as to show that the buyer relies on the seller's skill or judgment, and the goods are of a description which it is in the course of the seller's business to supply (whether he be the manufacturer or not), there is an implied condition that the goods shall be reasonably fit for such purpose, provided that in the case of a contract for the sale of a specified article under its patent or other trade name, there is no implied condition as to its fitness for any particular purpose:

(2.) Where goods are bought by description from a seller who deals in goods of that description (whether he be the manufacturer or not), there is an implied condition that the goods shall be of merchantable quality; provided that if the buyer has examined the goods, there shall be no implied condition as regards defects which such examination ought to have revealed:

(3.) An implied warranty or condition as to quality or fitness for a particular purpose may be annexed by the usage of trade.

(4.) An express warranty or condition does not negative a warranty or condition implied by this Act unless inconsistent therewith.

Sale Sample.

Sale by sample. 15. — (1.) A contract of sale is a contract for sale by sample

where there is a term in the contract, express or implied, to that effect.

(2.) In the case of a contract for sale by sample —

(a.) There is an implied condition that the bulk shall correspond with the sample in quality:

(b.) There is an implied condition that the buyer shall have a reasonable opportunity of comparing the bulk with the sample:

(c.)There is an implied condition that the goods shall be free from any defect, rendering them unmerchantable, which would not be apparent on reasonable examination of the sample.

Sale of Good's, 1893. Ch. 71.

357

PART II.

Effects of the Contract.

Transfer of Property as between Seller and Buyer.

16. Where there is a contract for the sale of unascertained goods Goods must be no property in the goods is transferred to the buyer unless and a8certained-until the goods are ascertained.

17. — (1.) Where there is a contract for the sale of specific or Property passes ascertained goods the property in them is transferred to the buyer £he^ntended at such time as the parties to the contract intend it to be trans- paM* ferred.

(2.) For the purpose of ascertaining the intention of the parties regard shall be had to the terms of the contract, the conduct of the parties, and the circumstances of the case.

18. Unless a different intention appears, the following are rules Rules for

for ascertaining the intention of the parties as to the time at which ascertaining the property in the goods is to pass to the buyer. intention.

Rule 1. — Where there is an unconditional contract for the sale of specific goods, in a deliverable state, the property in the goods passes to the buyer when the contract is made, and it is immaterial whether the time of payment or the time of delivery, or both, be postponed.

Rule 2. — Where there is a contract for the sale of specific goods and the seller is bound to do something to the goods, for the purpose of putting them into a deliverable state, the property does not pass until such thing be done, and the buyer has notice thereof.

Rule 3. — Where there is a contract for the sale of specific goods in a deliverable state, but the seller is bound to weigh measure, test, or do some other act or thing with reference to the goods for the purpose of ascertaining the price, the property does not pass until such act or thing be done, and the . buyer has notice thereof.

Rule 4. — When goods are delivered to the buyer on approval or " on sale or return " or other similar terms the property therein passes to the buyer: —

(a.) When he signifies his approval or acceptance to the seller or does any other act adopting the transaction:

(b.) If he does not signify his approval or acceptance to the seller but retains the goods without giving notice of rejection, then, if a time has been fixed for the return of the goods, on the expiration of such time, and, if no time has been fixed, on the expiration of a reasonable time.

What is a reasonable time is a question of fact.

Rule 5. — (1.) Where there is a contract for the sale of unascertained or future goods by description, and goods of that description and in a deliverable state are unconditionally appropriated to the contract, either by the seller with the assent of the buyer, or by the buyer with the assent of the seller, the property in the goods thereupon passes to the buyer.

Such assent may be express or implied, and may be given j/

either before or after the appropriation isbpM©£>glC

Ch. 71.

Gale of Goods Act, 1893.

56 & 57 Vict.

Reservation of right of

disposal.

Risk primi facie passes with property.

Sale by person not the owner.

(2.) Where, in pursuance of the contract, the seller delivers the goods to the buyer or to a carrier or other bailee or custodier (whether named by the buyer or not) for the purpose of transmission to the buyer, and does not reserve the right of disposal, he is deemed to have unconditionally appropriated the goods to the contract.

19. — (1.) Where there is a contract for the sale of specific goods or where goods are subsequently appropriated to the contract, the seller may, by the terms of the contract or appropriation, reserve the right of disposal of the goods until certain conditions are fulfilled. In such case, notwithstanding the delivery of the goods to the buyer, or to a carrier or other bailee or custodier for the purpose of transmission to the buyer, the property in the goods does not pass to the buyer until the conditions imposed by the seller are fulfilled.

(2.) Where goods are shipped, and by the bill of lading the goods are deliverable to the order of the seller or his agent, the seller is primi! facie deemed to reserve the right of disposal.

(3.) Where the seller of goods draws on the buyer for the price, and transmits the bill of exchange and bill of lading to the buyer together to secure acceptance or payment of the bill of exchange, the buyer is bound to return the bill of lading if he does not honour the bill of exchange, and if he wrongfully retains the bill of lading the property in the goods does not pass to him.

20. Unless otherwise agreed, the goods remain at the seller s risk until the property therein is transferred to the buyer, but when the property therein is transferred to the buyer, the goods are at the buyer's risk whether delivery has been made or not.

Provided that where delivery has been delayed through the fault of either buyer or seller the goods are at the risk of the party in fault as regards any loss which might not have occurred but for such fault.

Provided also that nothing in this section shall affect the duties or liabilities of either seller or buyer as a bailee or custodier of the goods of the other party.

Transfer of Title.

21. — (1.) Subject to the provisions of this Act, where goods are sold by a person who is not the owner thereof, and who does not sell them under the authority or with the consent of the owner, the buyer acquires no better title to the goods than the seller had, unless the owner of the goods is by his conduct precluded from denying the seller's authority to sell.

(2.) Provided also that nothing in this Act shall affect —

(a.) The provisions of the Factors Acts, or any enactment enabling the apparent owner of goods to dispose of them as if he were the true owner thereof;

(6.) The validity of any contract of sale under aDy special common law or statutory power of sale or under the order of a court of competent jurisdiction.

Sale of Goods Act, 1893. Ch. 71.

359

22. — (1.) Where goods are sold in market overt, according to Market overt, the usage of the market, the buyer acquires a good title to the

goods, provided he buys them in good faith and without notice of any defect or want of title on the part of the seller.

(2.) Nothing in this section shall affect the law relating to the sale of horses.

(3.) The provisions of this section do not apply to Scotland.

23. When the seller of goods has a voidable title thereto, but Sale under his title has not been avoided at the time of the sale, the buyer voidal>ie title, acquires a good title to the goods, provided he buys them in good

faith and without notice of the seller's defect of title.

24. — (1.) Where goods have been stolen and the offender is Revesting of prosecuted to conviction, the property in the goods so stolen revests propertyin

in the person who was the owner of the goods, or his personal conviction of1* representative, notwithstanding any intermediate dealing with offender, them, whether by sale in market overt or otherwise.

(2.) Notwithstanding any enactment to the contrary, where goods have been obtained by fraud or other wrongful means not amounting to larceny, the property in such goods shall not revest in the person who was the owner of the goods, or his personal representative, by reason only of the conviction of the offender.

(3.) The provisions of this section do not apply to Scotland.

25. — (1.) Where a person having sold goods continues or is in Seller or buyer possession of the goods, or of the documents of title to the goods,

the delivery or transfer by that person, or by a mercantile agent a er e‘ acting for him, of the goods or documents of title under any sale, pledge, or other disposition thereof, to any person receiving the same in good faith and without notice of the previous sale, shall have the same effect as if the person making the delivery or transfer were expressly authorised by the owner of the goods to make the same.

(2.) Where a person having bought or agreed to buy goods obtains, with the consent of the seller, possession of the goods or the documents of title to the goods, the delivery or transfer by that person, or by a mercantile agent acting for him, of the goods or documents of title, under any sale, pledge, or other disposition thereof, to any person receiving the same in good faith and without notice of any lien or other right of the original seller in respect of the goods, shall have the same effect as if the person making the delivery or transfer were a mercantile agent in possession of the goods or documents of title with the consent of the owner.

(3.) In this section the term " mercantile agent " has the same meaning as in the Factors Acts.

26. — (!.) A writ of fieri facias or other writ of execution Effect of writ* against goods shall bind the property in the goods of the execution execution, debtor as from the time when the writ is delivered to the sheriff to

be executed; and, for the better manifestation of such time, it shall be the duty of the sheriff, without fee, upon the receipt of any such writ to endorse upon the back thereof the hour, day, month, and year when he received the same.

360 Ch. 71. Sale of Goode Act, 1893. 56 & 57 Vict.

Provided that no such writ shall prejudice the title to such goods acquired by any person in good faith and for valuable consideration, unless such person had at the time when he acquired his title notice that such writ or any other writ by virtue of which the goods of the execution debtor might be seized or attached had been delivered to and remained unexecuted in the hands of the sheriff.

(2.) In this section the term "sheriff" includes any officer charged with the enforcement of a writ of execution.

(3.) The provisions of this section do not apply to Scotland,

Duties of seller and buyer.

Payment and delivery are concurrent conditions.

Rules as to delivery.

Delivery of

wrong

quantity.

PART III.

Performance of the Contract.

27. It is the duty of the seller to deliver the goods, and of the buyer to accept and pay for them, in accordance with the terms of the contract of sale.

28. Unless otherwise agreed, delivery of the goods and payment of the price are concurrent conditions, that is to say, the seller must be ready and willing to give possession of the goods to the buyer in exchange for the price, and the buyer must be ready and willing to pay the price in exchange for possession of the goods.

29. — (1.) Whether it is for the buyer to take possession of the goods or for the seller to send them to the buyer is a question depending in each case on the contract, express or implied, between the parties. Apart from any such contract, express or implied, the place of delivery is the seller's place of business, if he have one, and if not, his residence: Provided that, if the contract be for the sale of specific goods, which to the knowledge of the parties when the contract is made are in some other place, then that place is the place of delivery.

(2.) Where under the contract of sale the seller is bound to send the goods to the buyer, but no time for sending them is fixed, the seller is bound to send them within a reasonable time.

(3.) Where the goods at the time of sale are in the possession of a third person, there is no delivery by seller to buyer unless and until such third person acknowledges to the buyer that he holds the goods on his behalf; provided that nothing in this section shall affect the operation of the issue or transfer of any document of title to goods.

(4.) Demand or tender of delivery may be treated as ineffectual unless made at a reasonable hour. What is a reasonable hour is a question of fact.

(5.) Unless otherwise agreed, the expenses of and incidental to putting the goods into a deliverable state must be borne by the seller.

30. — (1.) Where the seller delivers to the buyer a quantity of goods less than he contracted to sell, the buyer may reject them, but if the buyer accepts the goods so delivered he must pay for them at the contract rate.

1893

Sale of Goods, 1893. Ch. 71.

361

(2.) Where the seller delivers to the buyer a quantity of goods larger than he contracted to sell, the buyer may accept the goods included in the contract and reject the rest, or he may reject the whole. If the buyer accepts the whole of the goods so delivered he must pay for them at the contract rate.

(3.) Where the seller delivers to the buyer the goods he contracted to sell mixed with goods of a different description not included in the contract, the buyer may accept the goods which are in accordance with the contract and reject the rest, or he may reject the whole.

(4.) The provisions of this section are subject to any usage of trade, special agreement, or course of dealing between the parties.

31. — (1.) Unless otherwise agreed, the buyer of goods is not Instalment

bound to accept delivery thereof by instalments. deliveries.

(2.) Where there is a contract for the sale of goods to be delivered by stated instalments, which are to be separately paid for, and the seller makes defective deliveries in respect of one or more instalments, or the buyer neglects or refuses to take delivery of or pay for one or more instalments, it is a question in each case depending on the terms of the contract and the circumstances of the case, whether the breach of contract is a repudiation of the whole contract or whether it is a severable breach giving rise to a claim for compensation but not to a right to treat the whole contract as repudiated.

32. — (1.) Where, in pursuance of a contract of sale, the seller is Delivery to authorised or required to send the goods to the buyer, delivery of carrier-the goods to a carrier, whether named by the buyer or not, for the purpose of transmission to the buyer is prim& facie deemed to be

a delivery of the goods to the buyer.

(2.) Unless otherwise authorised by the buyer, the seller must make such contract with the carrier on behalf of the buyer as may be reasonable having regard to the nature of the goods and the other circumstances of the case. If the seller omit so to do, and the goods are lost or damaged in course of transit, the buyer may decline to treat the delivery to the carrier as a delivery to himself, or may hold the seller responsible in damages.

(3.) Unless otherwise agreed, where goods are sent by the seller to the buyer by a route involving sea transit, under circumstances in which it is usual to insure, the seller must give such notice to the buyer as may enable him to insure them during their sea transit, and, if the seller fails to do so, the goods shall be deemed to be at his risk during such sea transit.

33. Where the seller of goods agrees to deliver them at his own Risk where risk at a place other than that where they are when sold, the "Jftt buyer must, nevertheless, unless otherwise agreed, take any risk distant place, of deterioration in the goods necessarily incident to the course of

transit.

34. — (1.) Where goods are delivered to the buyer, which he has Buyer's ri^ht not previously examined, he is not deemed to have accepted them

unless and until he has had a reasonable opportunity of examining

56 & 57 Vict.

Acceptance.

Buyer not bound to return rejected goods.

Liability of buyer for neglecting or refusing delivery of goods.

Unpaid seller defined.

Unpaid seller's rights.

Ch. 71. Sale of Goods Act, 1893.

them for the purpose of ascertaining whether they are in conformity with the contract.

(2.) Unless otherwise agreed, when the seller tenders delivery of goods to the buyer, he i3 bound, on request, to afford the buyer a reasonable opportunity of examining the goods for the purpose of ascertaining whether they are in conformity with the contract.

35. The buyer is deemed to have accepted the goods when he intimates to the seller that he has accepted them, or when the goods have been delivered to him, and he does any act in relation to them which is inconsistent with the ownership of the seller, or when after the lapse of a reasonable time, he retains the goods without intimating to the seller that he has rejected them.

36. Unless otherwise agreed, where goods are delivered to the buyer, and he refuses to accept them, having the right so to do, he is not bound to return them to the seller, but it is sufficient if he intimates to the seller that he refuses to accept them.

37. When the seller is ready and willing to deliver the goods, and requests the buyer to take delivery, and the buyer does not within a reasonable time after such request take delivery of the goods, he is liable to the seller for any loss occasioned by his neglect or refusal to take delivery, and also for a reasonable charge for the care and custody of the goods. Provided that nothing in this section shall affect the rights of the seller where the neglect or refusal of the buyer to take delivery amounts to a repudiation of the contract.

PART IV.

Rights of Unpaid Seller against the Goods.

38. — (1.) The seller of goods is deemed to be an " unpaid seller " within the meaning of this Act —

(a.) When the whole of the price has not been paid or tendered; (b.) When a bill of exchange or other negotiable instrument has been received as conditional payment, and the condition on which it was received has not been fulfilled by reason of the dishonour of the instrument or otherwise.

(2.) In this part of this Act the term " seller " includes any person who is in the position of a seller, as, for instance, an agent of the seller to whom the bill of lading has been indorsed, or a consignor or agent who has himself paid, or is directly responsible for, the price.

39. — (1.) Subject to the provisions of this Act, and of any statute in that behalf, notwithstanding that the property in the goods may have passed to the buyer, the unpaid seller of goods, as such, has by implication of law —

(a.) A lien on the goods or right to retain them for the price while he is in possession of them;

(b.) In case of the insolvency of the buyer, a right of stopping the goods in transitu after he has parted with the possession of them;

(('.) A right of re-sale as limited by thi^Afel.O

Sale of Goods Act, 1893. Ch. 71.

363

(2.) Where the property in goods has not passed to the buyer, the unpaid seller has, in addition to his other remedies, a right of withholding delivery similar to and co-extensive with his rights of lien and stoppage in transitu where the property has passed to the buyer.

40. In Scotland a seller of goods may attach the same while in Attachment by his own hands or possession by arrestment or poinding; and such arrestment or poinding shall have the same operation and effect in a competition or otherwise as an arrestment or poinding by a third party.

Unpaid Seller's L.

41. — (L)Subject to the provisions of this Act, the unpaid seller Seller's lien, of goods who is in possession of them is entitled to retain possession

of them until payment or tender of the price in the following cases, namely: —

(«.) Where the goods have been sold without any stipulation as to credit;

(b.) Where the goods have been sold on credit, but the term of credit has expired;

(c.) Where the buyer becomes insolvent.

(2.) The seller may exercise his right of lien notwithstanding that he is in possession of the goods as agent or bailee or custodier for the buyer.

42. Where an unpaid seller has made part delivery of the goods, p*rt delivery, he may exercise his right of lien or retention on the remainder,

unless such part delivery has been made under such circumstances as to show an agreement to waive the lien or right of retention.

43. — (1.) The unpaid seller of goods loses his lien or right of Termination of

retention thereon — lien.

(a.) When he delivers the goods to a carrier or other bailee or custodier for the purpose of transmission to the buyer without reserving the right of disposal of the goods;

(6.) When the buyer or his agent lawfully obtains possession of the goods;

(c.) By waiver thereof.

(2.) The unpaid seller of goods, having a lien or right of retention thereon, does not lose his lien or right of retention by reason only that he has obtained judgment or decree for the price of the goods.

Stoppage in transitu.

44. Subject to the provisions of this Act, when the buyer of Bight of goods becomes insolvent, the unpaid seller who has parted with stoppage in the possession of the goods has the right of stopping them in tran8, tu* transitu, that is to say, he may resume possession of the goods

as long as they are in course of transit, and may retain them until payment or tender of the price. 45

45. — (1.) Goods are deemed to be in course of transit from the Duration of time when they are delivered to a carrier ^yzfand or water, or other tran8it-

364

Ch. 71.

Sale of Goods Act, 1893.

56 & 57 Vict.

How stoppage in transitu is effected.

Kffect of sub-sale or pledge by buyer.

bailee or custodier for the purpose of transmission to the buyer, until the buyer, or his agent in that behalf, takes delivery of them from such carrier or other bailee or custodier.

(2.) If the buyer or his agent in that behalf obtains delivery of the goods before their arrival at the appointed destination, the transit is at an end.

(3.) If, after the arrival of the goods at the appointed destination, the carrier or other bailee or custodier acknowledges to the buyer, or his agent, that he holds the goods on his behalf and continues in possession of them as bailee or custodier for the buyer, or his agent, the transit is at an end, and it is immaterial that a further destination for the goods may have been indicated by the buyer.

(4.) If the goods are rejected by the buyer, and the carrier or other bailee or custodier continues in possession of them, the transit is not deemed to be at an end, even if the seller has refused to receive them back.

(5.) When goods are delivered to a ship chartered by the buyer it is a question depending on the circumstances of the particular case, whether they are in the possession of the master as a carrier, or as agent to the buyer.

(6.) Where the carrier or other bailee or custodier wrongfully refuses to deliver the goods to the buyer, or his agent in that behalf, the transit is deemed to be at an end.

(7.) Where part delivery of the goods has been made to the buyer, or his agent in that behalf, the remainder of the goods may be stopped in transitu, unless such part delivery has been made under such circumstances as to show an agreement to give up possession of the whole of the goods.

46. — (I.) The unpaid seller may exercise his right of stoppage in transitu either by taking actual possession of the goods, or by giving notice of his claim to the carrier or other bailee or custodier in whose possession the goods are. Such notice may be given either to the person in actual possession of the goods or to his principal. In the latter case the notice, to be effectual, must be given at such time and under such circumstances that the principal, by the exercise of reasonable diligence, may communicate it to his servant or agent in time to prevent a delivery to the buyer.

(2.) When notice of stoppage in transitu is given by the seller to the carrier, or other bailee or custodier in possession of the goods, he must re-deliver the goods to, or according to the directions of, the seller. The expenses of such re-delivery must be borne by the seller.

Resale by Buyer or Seller.

47. Subject to the provisions of this Act, the unpaid seller's right of lien or retention or stoppage in transitu is not affected by any sale, or other disposition of the goods which the buyer may have made, unless the seller has assented thereto.

Provided that where a document of title to goods has been lawfully transferred to any person as biij^er^W^er of the goods.

1893.

Sale of Good Act, 1893. Ch. 71.

365

and that person transfers the document to a person who takes the document in good faith and for valuable consideration, then, if such last-mentioned transfer was by way of sale the unpaid seller's right of lien or retention or stoppage in transitu is defeated, and if such last-mentioned transfer was by way of pledge or other disposition for value, the unpaid seller's right of lien or retention or stoppage in transitu can only be exercised subject to the rights of the transferee.

48. — (1.) Subject to the provisions of this section, a contract of Sale not gene-sale is not rescinded by the mere exercise by an unpaid seller of his "lljje^rindvJ right of lien or retention or stoppage in transitu. stoppage*

(2.) Where an unpaid seller who has exercised his right of lien transitu, or retention or stoppage in transitu re-sells the goods, the buyer acquires a good title thereto as against the original buyer.

(3.) Where the goods are of a perishable nature, or where the unpaid seller gives notice to the buyer of his intention to resell, and the buyer does not within a reasonable time pay or tender the price, the unpaid seller may re-sell the goods and recover from the original buyer damages for any loss occasioned by his breach of contract.

(4.) Where the seller expressly reserves a right of re-sale in case the buyer should make default, and on the buyer making default, re-sells the goods, the original contract of sale is thereby rescinded, but without prejudice to any claim the seller may have for damages.

PART V.

Actions for Breach of the Contract.

Remedies of the Seller,

49. — (1.) Where, under a contract of sale, the property in the Action for goods has passed to the buyer, and the buyer wrongfully neglects Price-

or refuses to pay for the goods according to the terms of the contract, the seller may maintain an action against him for the price of the goods.

(2.) Where, under a contract of sale, the price is payable on a day certain irrespective of delivery, and the buyer wrongfully neglects or refuses to pay such price, the seller may maintain an action for the price, although the property in the goods has not passed, and the goods have not been appropriated to the contract.

(3.) Nothing in this section shall prejudice the right of the seller in Scotland to recover interest on the price from the date of tender of the goods, or from the date on which the price was payable, as the case may be.

50. — (1.) Where the buyer wrongfully neglects or refuses to Damages for

accept and pay for the goods, the seller may maintain an action uon-accept. against him for damages for non-acceptance. aace-

(2.) The measure of damages is the estimated loss directly and naturally resulting, in the ordinary course of events, from the buyer's breach of contract.

366

Ch. 71.

Sale of Goods, 1893.

56 & 57 Vict.

Damages for non-delivery.

Specific pcr-lortnance.

Remedy for breach of warranty.

(3.) Where there is an available market for the goods in question the measure of damages is prima facie to be ascertained by the difference between the contract price and the market or current price at the time or times when the goods ought to have been accepted, or, if no time was fixed for acceptance, then at the time of the refusal to accept.

Remedies of the.

51. — (1.) Where the seller wrongfully neglects or refuses to deliver the goods to the buyer, the buyer may maintain an action against the seller for damages for non-delivery.

(2.) The measure of damages is the estimated loss directly and naturally resulting, in the ordinary course of events., from the seller's breach of contract.

(3.) Where there is an available market for the goods in question the measure of damages is primH, facie to be ascertained by the difference between the contract price and the market or current price of the goods at the time or times when they ought to have been delivered, or, if no time was fixed, then at the time of the refusal to deliver.

52. In any action for breach of contract to deliver specific or ascertained goods the court may, if it thinks fit, on the application of the plaintiff, by its judgment or decree direct that the contract shall be performed specifically, without giving the defendant the option of retaining the goods on payment of damages. The judgment or decree may be unconditional, or upon such terms and conditions as to damages, payment of the price, and otherwise, as to the court may seem just, and the application by the plaintiff may be made at any time before judgment or decree.

The provisions of this section shall be deemed to be supplementary to, and not in derogation of, the right of specific implement in Scotland.

53. — (1.) Where there is a breach of warranty by the seller, or where the buyer elects, or is compelled, to treat any breach of a condition on the part of the seller as a breach of warranty, the buyer is not by reason only of such breach of warranty entitled to reject the goods; but he may

(a) set up against the seller the breach of warranty in diminution or extinction of the price; or

(b) maintain an action against the seller for damages for the breach of warranty.

(2.) The measure of damages for breach of warranty is the estimated loss directly and naturally resulting, in the ordinary course of events, from the breach of warranty.

(3.) In the case of breach of warranty of quality such loss is prim& facie the difference between the value of the goods at the time of delivery to the buyer and the value they would have had if they had answered to the warranty.

Sale of Goods, 1893. Ch. 71.

367

(4.) The fact that the buyer has set up the breach of warranty in diminution or extinction of the price does not prevent him from maintaining an action for the same breach of warranty if he has suffered further damage.

(5.) Nothing in this section shall prejudice or affect the buyer's right of rejection in Scotland as declared by this Act.

54. Nothing in this Act shall affect the right of the buyer or Interest and the seller to recover interest or special damages in any case where *Pccial by law interest or special damages may be recoverable, or to recover money paid where the consideration for the payment of it has failed.

PART VI.

Supplementary.

55. Where any right, duty, or liability would arise under a con- Exclusion of tract of sale by implication of law, it may be negatived or varied an^condttiong by express agreement or by the course of dealing between the parties, or by usage, if the usage be such as to bind both parties to the contract.

56. Where, by this Act, any reference is made to a reasonable Reasonable time the question what is a reasonable time is a question of fact. ‘, "1?c"que*tion

57. Where any right, duty, or liability is declared by this Act, Rights, &c. it may, unless otherwise by this Act provided, be enforced by en\orceable by action. 40 on *

58. In the case of a sale by auction — Auction sales.

(1.) Where goods are put up for sale by auction in lots, each lot

is prim& facie deemed to be the subject of a separate contract of sale:

(2.) A sale by auction is complete when the auctioneer announces its completion by the fall of the hammer, or in other customary manner. Until such announcement is made any bidder may retract his bid:

(3.) Where a sale by auction is not notified to be subject to a right to bid on behalf of the seller, it shall not be lawful for the seller to bid himself or to employ any person to bid at such sale, or for the auctioneer knowingly to take any bid from the seller or any such person: Any sale contravening this rule may be treated as fraudulent by the buyer:

(4.) A sale by auction may be notified to be subject to a reserved or upset price, and a right to bid may also be reserved expressly by or on behalf of the seller.

Where a right to bid is expressly reserved* but not otherwise, the seller, or any one person on his behalf, may bid at the auction.

59. In Scotland where a buyer has elected to accept goods which Payment into he might have rejected, and to treat a breach of contract as only

giving rise to a claim for damages, he may, in an action by the seller breach of

* ^oogie

368

Ch. 71.

Sole of Goods, 1893.

56 & 57 Vict.

warranty

alleged.

Repeal.

Savings.

Interpretation of terms.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 45.

53 & 54 Vi't. c. 40.

for the price, be required, in the discretion of the court before which the action depends, to consign or pay into court the price of the goods, or part thereof, or to give other reasonable security for the due payment thereof.

60. The enactments mentioned in the schedule to this Act are hereby repealed as from the commencement of this Act to the extent in that schedule mentioned.

Provided that such repeal shall not affect anything done or suffered, or any right, title, or interest acquired or accrued before the commencement of this Act, or any legal proceeding or remedy in respect of any such thing, right, title, or interest.

61. — (1.) The rules in bankruptcy relating to contracts of sale shall continue to apply thereto, notwithstanding anything in this Act contained.

(2.) The rules of the common law, including the law merchant, save in so far as they are inconsistent with the express provisions of this Act, and in particular the rules relating to the law of principal and agent and the effect of fraud, misrepresentation, duress or coercion, mistake, or other invalidating cause, shall continue to apply to contracts for the sale of goods.

(3.) Nothing in this Act or in any repeal effected thereby shall affect the enactments relating to bills of sale, or any enactment relating to the sale of goods which is not expressly repealed by this Act.

(4.) The provisions of this Act relating to contracts of sale do not apply to any transaction in the form of a contract of sale which is intended to operate by way of mortgage, pledge, charge, or other security.

(5.) Nothing in this Act shall prejudice or affect the landlord's right of hypothec or sequestration for rent in Scotland.

62. — (1.) In this Act, unless the context or subject matter otherwise requires, —

" Action " includes counterclaim and set off, and in Scotland condescendence and claim and compensation:

" Bailee " in Scotland includes custodier:

" Buyer" means a person who buys or agrees to buy goods:

" Contract of sale " includes an agreement to sell as well as a sale:

" Defendant " includes in Scotland defender, respondent, and claimant in a multiplepoinding:

" Delivery" means voluntary transfer of possession from one person to another:

" Document of title to goods " has the same meaning as it has in the Factors Acts:

' Factors Acts" means the Factors Act, 1889, the Factors (Scotland) Act, 1890, and any enactment amending or substituted for the same:

1893.

Salt of Gooch Act, 1893,

Ch. 71.

369

" Fault" means wrongful act or default:

" Future goods" means goods to be manufactured or acquired by the seller after the making of the contract of sale:

"Goods" include all chattels personal other than things in action and money, and in Scotland all corporeal moveables except money. The term includes emblements, industrial growing crops, and things attached to or forming part of the land which are agreed to be severed before sale or under the contract of sale:

" Lien " in Scotland includes right of retention:

" Plaintiff" includes pursuer, complainer, claimant in a multiplepoinding and defendant or defender counterclaiming:

" Property" means the general property in goods, and not merely a special property:

" Quality of goods " includes their state or condition:

"Sale" includes a bargain and sale as well as a sale and delivery:

" Seller" means a person who sells or agrees to sell goods:

" Specific goods " mean goods identified and agreed upon at the time a contract of sale is made:

" Warranty " as regards England and Ireland means an agreement with reference to goods which are the subject of a contract of sa'e, but collateral to the main purpose of such contract, the breach of which gives rise to a claim for damages, but not to a right to reject the goods and treat the contract as repudiated.

As regards Scotland a breach of warranty shall be deemed to be a failure to perform a material part of the contract.

(2.) A thing is deemed to be done " in good faith " within the meaning of this Act when it is in fact done honestly, whether it be done negligently or not.

(3.) A person is deemed to be insolvent within the meaning of this Act who either has ceased to pay his debts in the ordinary course of business, or cannot pay his debts as tfiey become due, whether he has committed an act of bankruptcy or not, and whether he has become a notour bankrupt or not.

(4.) Goods are in a " deliverable state " within the meaning of this Act when they are in such a state that the buyer would under the contract be bound to take delivery of them.

63. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of Commence-

January one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four. ment '

[Short title.]

64. This Act may be cited as the Sale of Goods Act, 1893.

A a

J

370

Ch. 71, 72.

Sale of Goods Act, 1893.

56 & 57 Vict.

Section 60.

[Short title.]

SCHEDULE.

This schedule is to be read as referring to the revised edition of the statutes prepared under the direction of the Statute Law Committee.

Enactments Repealed.

Session and Chapter. Title of Act and Extent of Repeal.

1 Jac. 1. c. 21. - An Act against Brokers. The whole Act.

29Cha. 2. c. 3. An Act for the prevention of frauds and perjuries. In part; that is to say, sections fifteen and sixteen.

9 Geo. 4. c. 14. i An Act for rendering a written memorandum necessary to the validity of certain promises and engagements . In part; that is to say, section seven.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 60. - The Mercantile Law Amendment (Scotland) Act, 1856. In part; that is to say, sections one, two, three, four, and five.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 97. - The Mercantile Law Amendment Act, 1856. In part; that is to say, sections one and two.

* Commonly cited as sections sixteen and seventeen.

CHAPTER 72.

An Act to confirm certain Act9 of Colonial Legislatures.

[20th February 1894.]

WHEREAS Bills have been passed by the legislature of one or more of the following colonies, namely, the colonies of New South Wales, Victoria, Tasmania, South Australia, Queensland, and Western Australia, and the Governor of the colony has given Her Majesty's assent to such Bills, and Her Majesty has not declared her disallowance of the Acts so assented to, and thereupon the Acts have come into operation:

And whereas doubts have arisen as to the validity of some of the Acts so passed because they were not reserved for the signification of Her Majesty's pleasure, and it is expedient to remove such doubts:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: —

1. This Act may be cited as the Colonial Acts Confirmation Act,

1894.

1894. Colonial Acts Confirmation Act 1894. Ch. 72, 73. 371

2. — (1.) Any Act passed by the legislature of a colony to which Confirmation this Act applies, and assented to in Her Majesty's name by the governor of such colony, and not disallowed by Her Majesty before colonial the passing of this Act, shall be deemed to be and to have been, as Legislatures, from the date of such assent, as valid as if the same had been reserved for the signification of Her Majesty's pleasure, and Her Majesty's assent to the Act had been duly given and signified in the colony at the date aforesaid.

(2.) This Act shall apply to the colonies of New South Wales,

Victoria, Tasmania, South Australia, Queensland, and Western Australia.

CHAPTER 73.

An Act to make further provision for Local Government in England and Wales.

[5th March 1894.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

PART I.

Part I.

Parish Meetings and Parish Councils.

Constitution of Parish Meetings and Parish Councils.

1. — (1.) There shall be a parish meeting for every rural parish, of

and there shall be a parish council for every rural parish which ]JJ^ and*1" has a population of three hundred or upwards: Provided that establishment an order of the county council in pursuance of Part III. of this of P"*8h

., 1 councils.

Act —

(a) shall, if the parish meeting of a rural parish having a population of one hundred or upwards so resolve, provide for establishing a parish council in the parish, and may, with the consent of the parish meeting of any rural parish having a population of less than one hundred, provide for establishing a parish council in the parish; and

(b) may provide for grouping a parish with some neighbouring parish or parishes under a common parish council, but with a separate parish meeting for every parish so grouped, so, however, that no parish shall be grouped without the consent of the parish meeting for that parish.

(2.) For the purposes of this Act every parish in a rural sanitary district shall be a rural parish.

(3.) Where a parish is at the passing of this Act situate partly within and partly without a rural sanitary district, the part of the parish which is within the district, and the part which is without, shall as from the appointed day, but subject to any alteration of area made by or in pursuance of this or any other Act, be separate parishes, in like manner as if they had been constituted separate parishes under the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876, and the Acts amending the 39^& 40 Vict. same. C mma\c>

c. 61.

372

Pah* I.

Parish

meetings.

Constitution of garish council.

Ch. 73. Local Government Act, 1894. 56 & 57 Vict.

2. — (1.) The parish meeting for a rural parish shall consist of the following persons, in this Act referred to as parochial electors, an 1 no others, namely, the persons registered in such portion either of the local government register of electors or of the parliamentary register of electors as relates to the parish.

(2.) Each parochial elector may, at any parish meeting, or at any poll consequent theieon, give one vote and no more on any question, or, in the case of an election, for each of any number of persons not exceeding the number to be elected.

. (3.) The parish meeting shall assemble at least once in every year, and the proceedings of every parish meeting shall begin not earlier than six o'clock in the evening.

(4.) Subject to the provisions of this Act as to any particular person being the chairman of a parish meeting, the meeting may choose their own chairman.

(5.) A poll consequent on a parish meeting shall be taken by ballot.

(6.) The reasonable expenses of an l incidental to the holding of a parish meeting or the taking of a poll consequent thereon shall be defrayed as herein-after provided.

(7.) With respect to parish meetings the provisions in the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect

3. — (1.) The parish council for a rural parish shall be elected from among the parochial electors of that parish or persons who have during the whole of the twelve months preceding the election resided in the parish, or within three miles thereof, and shall consist of a chairman and councillors, and the number of councillors shall be such as may be fixed from time to time by the county council, not being less than five nor more than fifteen.

(2.) No person shall be disqualified by sex or marriage for being elected or being a member of a parish council.

(3.) The term of office of a parish touncillor shall be one year.

(4.) On the fifteenth day of April in each year (in this Act referred to as the ordinary day of coming into office of councillors) the parish councillors shall go out of office, and their places shall be filled by the newly elected councillors.

(5.) The parish councillors shall be elected by the parochial electors of the parish.

(6.) The election of parish councillors shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, be conducted according to rules framed under this Act for that purpose by the Local Government Board.

(7.) The parish council shall in every year, on or within seven days after the ordinary day of coming into office of councillors, hold an annual meeting.

(8.) At the annual meeting, the parish council shall elect, from their own body or from other persons qualified to be councillors of the parish, a chairman, who shall, unless he resigns, or ceases to be qualified, or becomes disqualified, continue in office until his successor is elected.

(9.) Every parish council shall be a body corporate by the name of the parish council, with the addition of the name of the parish,

Local Government Act, 1894. Ch. 73.

373

or if there is any doubt as to the latter name, of such name as the Part I.

county council after consultation with the parish meeting of the -

parish direct, and shall have perpetual succession, and may hold land for the purposes of their powers and duties without licence in mortmain; and any act of the council may be signified by an instrument executed at a meeting of the council, ai d under the hands or, if an instrument under seal is required, under the hands and seals, of the chairman presiding at the meeting and two other members of the council.

(10.) With respect to meetings of parish councils the provisions in the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect.

4. — (1.) In any rural parish in which there is no suitable Use of public room vested in the parish council or in the chairman of a 8choolroom' parish meeting and the overseers which can be used free of charge for the purposes in this section mentioned, the parochial electors and the parish council shall be entitled to use, free of charge, at all reasonable times, and after reasonable notice, for the purpose of —

(a) the parish meeting or any meeting of the parish council; or

(I)) any inquiry for parochial purposes by the Local Government Board or any other Government department or local authority; or

(c) holding meetings convened by the chairman of the parish meeting or by the parish council, or if as to allotments in the manner prescribed by the Allotments Act, 1890, or otherwise 53 & 54 Vict. as the Local Government Board may by rule prescribe, to c-65-discuss any question relating to allotments, under the Allotments Acts, 1887 and 1890, or under this Act; or

(d) the candidature of any person for the district council or the parish council; or

(e) any committee or officer appointed, either by the parish meeting or council or by a county or district council, to administer public funds within or for the purposes of the parish

any suitable room in the schoolhouse of any public elementary school receiving a grant out of moneys provided by Parliament, and any suitable room the expense of maintaining which is payable out of any local rate:

Provided that this enactment shall not authorise the use of any room used as part of a private dwelling-house, nor authorise any interference with the school hours of an elementary day or evening school, nor, in the case of a room used for the administration of justice or police, with the hours during which it is used for these purposes.

(2.) If, by reason of the use of the room for any of the said purposes, any expense is incurred by the persons having control over the room, or any damage is done to the room or to the building of which the room is part or its appurtenances, or the furniture of the room or the apparatus for instruction, the expense or damage shall he defrayed as part of the expenses of the parish meeting or parish council or inquiry as the case when

374

Ch. 73.

Local Government, 1894.

56 & 57 Vict.

Part I.

Parish council to appoint Overseers.

Transfer of certain powers of vestry and other authorities to parish council.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 118.

the meeting is called for the purpose of the candidature of any person, such expense or damage shall be reimbursed to the parish meeting or the parish council by the persons by whom or on whose behalf the meeting is convened.

(3.) If any question arises under this section as to what is reasonable or suitable, it may be determined, in the case of a schoolhouse, by the Education Department, in the case of a room used for the administration of justice or police, by a Secretary of State, and in any other case by the Local Government Board.

Powers and Duties of Parish Councils and Parish Meetings.

5. — (1.) The power and duty of appointing overseers of the poor, and the power of appointing and revoking the appointment of an assistant overseer, for every rural parish having a parish council, shall be transferred to and vested in the parish council, and that council shall in each year, at their annual meeting, appoint the overseers of the parish, and shall as soon as may be fill any casual vacancy occurring in the office of overseer of the parish, and shall in either case forthwith give written notice thereof in the prescribed form to the board of guardians.

(2.) As from the appointed day —

(a) the churchwardens of every rural parish shall cease to be overseers, and an additional number of overseers may be appointed to replace the churchwardens, and

(b) references in any Act to the churchwardens and overseers shall, as respects any rural parish, except so far as those references relate to the affairs of the church, be construed as references to the overseers, and

(c) the legal interest in all property vested either in the overseers or in the churchwardens and overseers of a rural parish, other than property connected with the affairs of the church, or held for an ecclesiastical charity, shall, if there is a parish council, vest in that council, subject to all trusts and liabilities affecting the same, and all persons concerned shall make or concur in making such transfers, if any, as are requisite for giving effect to this enactment.

6. — (1.) Upon the parish council of a rural parish coming into office, there shall be transferred to that council: —

(a.) The powers, duties, and liabilities of the vestry of the parish except —

(i.) so far ns relates to the affairs of the church or to ecclesiastical charities; and (ii.) any power, duty, or liability transferred by this Act from the vestry to any other authority:

(6.) The powers, duties, and liabilities of the churchwardens of the parish, except so far as they relate to the affairs of the church or to charities, or are powers and duties of overseers, but inclusive of the obligations of the churchwardens with respect to maintaining and repairing closed churchyards wherever the expenses of such maintenance and repair are repayable out of the poor rate under the Burial Act, 1855:

1894.

Local Government Act, 1894. Ch. 73.

375

Provided that such obligations shall not in the case of any particular parish be deemed to attach, unless or until the churchwardens subsequently to the passing of this Act shall give a certificate, as in the Burial Act, 1855, provided, in order to obtain the repayment of such expenses out of the poor rate.

(c.) The powers, duties, and liabilities of the overseers or of the churchwardens and overseers of the parish with respect to —

(i.) appeals or objections by them in respect of the valuation list, or appeals in respect of the poor rate, or county rate, or the basis of the county rate; and (ii.) the provision of parish books and of a vestry room or parochial office, parish chest, fire engine, fire escape, or matters relating thereto; and (iii.) the holding or management of parish property, not being property relating to affairs of the church or held for an ecclesiastical charity, and the holding or management of village greens, or of allotments, whether for recreation grounds or for gardens or otherwise for the benefit of the inhabitants or any of them;

(d.) The powers exerciseable with the approval of the Local Government Board by the board of guardians for the poor law union comprising the parish in respect of the sale, exchange, or letting of any parish property.

(2.) A parish council shall have the same power of making any complaint or representation as to unhealthy dwellings or obstructive buildings as is conferred on inhabitant householders by the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890, but without prejudice to the powers of such householders.

(3.) A parish council shall have the same power of making a representation with respect to allotments, and of applying for the election of allotment managers, as is conferred on parliamentary electors by the Allotments Act, 1887, or the Allotments Act, 1890, but without prejudice to the powers of those electors.

(4.) Where any Act constitutes any persons wardens for allotments, or authorises or requires the appointment or election of any wardens committee or managers for the purpose of allotments, then, after a parish council for the parish interested in such allotments comes into office, the powers and duties of the wardens, committee, or managers shall be exercised and performed by the parish council, and it shall not be necessary to make the said appointment or to hold the said election, and for the purpose of section sixteen of the Small Holdings Act, 1892, two members of the parish council shall be substituted for allotment managers or persons appointed as allotment managers.

7. — (1.) As from the appointed day, in every rural parish the parish meeting shall, exclusively, have the power of adopting any of the following Acts, inclusive of any Acts amending the same (all which Acts are in this Act referred to as "the adoptive Acts"); namely, —

(a.) The Lighting and Watching Act, 1833;

1846 to 1882

(5.) The Baths and Washhouses Acts,

Part f.

58 & 54 Vict. c. 70.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 48.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 65.

55 & 56 Vict. c. 31.

Transfer of powers under adoptive Acts.

3*4 Will. 4. c. 80.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 74. 46 & 46 Vict. c. 10.

A

Ch. 73.

Local Government, 1894.

56 & 57 Vict.

Part I.

IB *16 Vict. c. 85. 48 40 Vict. c. 21. 23 *24 Vict. c. 30.

(c.) The Burial Acts, 1852 to 1885;

(d.) The Public Improvements Act, 1800;

.w *.w Vict. c. 58. The Public Libraries Act, 1892.

(2.) Where under any of the said Acts a particular majority is required for the adoption or abandonment of the Act, or for any matter under su'-h Act, the like majority of the parish meeting or, if a poll is taken, of the parochial electors, shall be required, and where under any of the said Acts the opinion of the voters is to be ascertained by voting papers, the opinion of the parochial electors shall be ascertained by a poll taken in manner provided by this Act.

(3.) Where under any of the said Acts the consent or approval of, or other act on the part of, the vestry of a rural parish is required in relation to any expense or rate, the parish meeting shall be substituted for the vestry, and for this purpose the expression "vestry " shall include any meeting of ratepayers or voters.

(4.) Where there is power to adopt any of the adoptive Acts for a part only of a rural parish, the Act may be adopted by a parish meeting held for that part.

(5.) Where the area under any existing authority acting within a rural parish in the execution of any of the adoptive Acts is co-extensive with the parish, all powers, duties, and liabilities of that authority shall, on the parish council coming into office, be transferred to that council.

(6.) This Act shall not alter the incidence of charge of any rate levied to defray expenses incurred under any of the adoptive Acts, and any such rate shall be made and charged as heretofore, and any property applicable to the payment of such expenses shall continue to be so applicable.

(7.) When any of the adoptive Acts is adopted for the whole or part of a rural parish after the appointed day, and the parish has a parish council, the parish council shall be the authority for the execution of the Act.

(8.) For the purposes of this Act the passing of a resolution to provide a burial ground under the Burial Acts, 1852 to 1885, shall be deemed an adoption of those Acts.

Additional powers of parish council.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 56.

8. — (1.) A parish council shall have the following additional powers, namely, power —

(a) to provide or acquire buildings for public offices and for meetings and for any purposes connected with parish business or with the powers or duties of the parish council or parish meeting; and

(b) to provide or acquire land for such buildings and for a recreation ground and for public walks; and

(c) to apply to the Board of Agriculture under section nine of the Commons Act, 1876; and

(d) to exercise with respect to any recreation ground, village green, open space, or public walk, which is for the tim« being under their control, or to the expense of which they have contributed, such powers as may be exercised by an urban authority under section one hundred and sixty-four of the

1894. Local Goverwrnent Act, 1894. Ch. 73. 377

Public Health Act, 1875, or section forty-four of the Public Part Health Acts Amendment Act, 1890, in relation to recreation gg & g9 vict grounds or public walks, and sections one hundred and eighty- c 55. three to one hundred and eighty-six of the Public Health 53 & 54 Vict. Act, 1875, shall apply accordingly as if the parish council c. 59. were a local authority within the meaning of those sections; and

(e) to utilise any well, spring, or stream within their parish and provide facilities for obtaining water therefrom, but so as not to interfere with the rights of any corporation or person; and

(f) to deal with any pond, pool, open ditch, drain, or place containing, or used for the collection of, any drainage, filth, stagnant water, or matter likely to be prejudicial to health, by draining, cleansing, covering it, or otherwise preventing it from being prejudicial to health, but so as not to interfere with any private right or the sewage or drainage works of any local authority; and

(g) to acquire by agreement any right of way, whether within their parish or an adjoining parish, the acquisition of which is beneficial to the inhabitants of the parish or any part thereof; and

(h) to accept and hold any gifts of property, real or personal, for the benefit of the inhabitants of the parish or any part thereof; and

(i) to execute any works (including works of maintenance or improvement) incidental to or consequential on the exercise of any of the foregoing powers, or in relation to any parish property, not being property relating to affairs of the church or held for an ecclesiastical charity; and

(k) to contribute towards the expense of doing any of the things above mentioned, or to agree or combine with any other parish council to do or contribute towards the expense of doing any of the things above mentioned.

(2.) A parish council may let, or, with the consent of the parish meeting, sell or exchange, any land or buildings vested in the council, but the power of letting for more than a year and the power of sale or exchange shall not be exercised, in the case of property which has been acquired at the expense of any rate, or is at the passing of this Act applied in aid of any rate, or would but for want of income be so applied, without the consent of the Local Government Board, or in any other case without such consent or approval as is required under the Charitable Trusts Acts, 1853 to 1891, for the sale of charity estates, provided that the consent or approval required under those Acts shall not be required for the letting for allotments of land vested in the parish council.

(3.) Nothing in this section shall derogate from any obligation of a district council with respect to the supply of water or the execution of sanitary works.

(4.) Notice of any application to the Board of Agriculture in

relation to a common shall be served upon the council of every

378

Ch. 73.

Local Government Act, 1894. 56 & 57 Vict.

Part I.

Powers for acquisition of land.

38 & 89 Vict c. 55.

50 & 51 Vict c. 48.

58 & 54 Vict c. 65.

parish in which any part of the common to which the application relates is situate.

For the purpose of the acquisition of land by a parish council the Lands Clauses Acts shall be incorporated with this Act, except the provisions of those Acts with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement, and section one hundred and seventy-eight of the Public Health Act, 1875, shall apply as if the parish council were referred to therein.

(2.) If a parish council are unable to acquire by agreement and on reasonable terms suitable land for any purpose for which they are authorised to acquire it, they may represent the case to the county council, and the county council shall inquire into the representation.

(3.) If on any such representation, or on any proceeding under the Allotments Acts, 1887 and 1890, a county council are satisfied that suitable land for the said purpose of the parish council or for the purpose of allotments (as the case may be), cannot be acquired on reasonable terms by voluntary agreement, and that the circumstances are such as to justify the county council in proceeding under this section, they shall cause such public inquiry to be made in the parish, and such notice to be given both in the parish and to the owners, lessees, and occupiers of the land proposed to be taken as may be prescribed, and all persons interested shall be permitted to attend at the inquiry, and to support or oppose the taking of the land.

(4.) After the completion of the inquiry, and considering all objections made by any persons interested, the county council may make an order for putting in force, as respects the said land or any part thereof, the provisions of the Lands Clauses Acts with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement.

(5.) If the county council refuse to make any such order, the parish council, or, if the proceeding is taken on the petition of the district council, then the district council, may petition the Local Government Board, and that Board after local inquiry may, if they think proper, make the order, and this section shall apply as if the order had been made by the county council. Any order made under this subsection overruling the decision of the county council shall be laid before Parliament by the Local Government Board.

(6.) A copy of any order made under this section shall be served in the prescribed manner, together with a statement that the order will become final and have the effect of an Act of Parliament, unless within the prescribed period a memorial by some person interested is presented to the Local Government Board praying that the order shall not become law without further inquiry.

(7.) The order shall be deposited with the Local Government Board, who shall inquire whether the provisions of this section and the prescribed regulations have been in all respects complied with;

1894.

Local Government Act, 1894. Ch. 73.

379

and if the Board are satisfied that this has been done, then, after the prescribed period —

(a.) If no memorial has been presented, or if every such memorial has been withdrawn, the Board shall, without further inquiry, confirm the order:

(6.) If a memorial has been presented, the Local Government Board shall proceed to hold a local inquiry, and shall, after such inquiry, either confirm, with or without amendment, or disallow the order:

(c.) Upon any such confirmation the order, and if amended as so amended, shall become final and have the effect of an Act of Parliament, and the confirmation by the Local Government Board shall be conclusive evidence that the requirements of this Act have been complied with, and that the order has been duly made, and is within the powers of this Act.

(8.) Sections two hundred and ninety-three to two hundred and ninety-six, and subsections (1) and (2) of section two hundred and ninety-seven of the Public Health Act, 1875, shall apply to a local inquiry held by the Local Government Board for the purposes of this section, as if those sections and subsections were herein re-enacted, and in terms made applicable to such inquiry.

(9.) The order shall be carried into effect, when made on the petition of a district council, by that council, and in any other case by the county council.

(10.) Any order made under this section for the purpose of the purchase of land otherwise than by agreement shall incorporate the Lands Clauses Acts and sections seventy-seven to eighty-five of the Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with the necessary adaptations, but any question of disputed compensation shall be dealt with in the manner provided by section three of the Allotments Act, 1887, and provisoes (a), (b), and (c) of subsection (4) of that section are incorporated with this section and shall apply accordingly:Provided that in determining the amount of disputed compensation, the arbitrator shall not make any additional allowance in respect of the purchase being compulsory.

(11.) At any inquiry or arbitration held under this section the person or persons holding the inquiry or arbitration shall hear any authorities or parties interested by themselves or their agents, and shall hear witnesses, but shall not, except in such cases as may be prescribed, hear counsel or expert witnesses.

(12.) The person or persons holding a public inquiry for the purposes of this section on behalf of a county council shall have the same powers as an inspector or inspectors of the Local Government Board when holding a local inquiry; and section two hundred and ninety-four of the Public Health Act, 1875, shall apply to the costs of inquiries held by the county council for the purpose of this section as if the county council were substituted for the Local Government Board.

(13.) Subsection (2) of section two, if the land is taken for allotments, and, whether it is or is not so taken, subsections (5), (6), (7), and (8) of section three of the Allotments Act, 1887, and section eleven of that Act, and section three of(, the Allotments Act, 1890,

Part i.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 20.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 48.

58 & 54 Vict.

c. 65. J

Ch. 73.

Local Government, 1894.

56 & 57 Vict.

Part I.

Hiring of luid for allotment*.

are incorporated with this section, and shall, with the prescribed adaptations, apply accordingly.

(14.) Where the land is acquired otherwise than for allotments, it shall be assured to the parish council; and any land purchased by a county council for allotments under the Allotments Acts, 1887 and 1890, and this Act, or any of them, shall be assured to the parish council, and in that case sections five to eight of the Allotments Act, 1887, shall apply as if the parish council were the sanitary authority.

(15.) Nothing in this section shall authorise the parish council to acquire otherwise than by agreement any land for the purpose of any supply of water, or of any right of way.

(16.) In this section the expression "allotments" includes common pasture where authorised to be acquired under the Allotments Act, 1887.

(17.) Where, under the Allotments Act, 1890, the Allotments Act, 1887, applies to the purchase of land by the county council, that Act shall apply as amended by this section, and the parish council shall have the like power of petitioning the county council as is given to six parliamentary electors by section two of the Allotments Act, 1890.

(18.) This section shall apply to a county borough with the necessary modifications, and in particular with the modification that the order shall be both made and confirmed by the Local Government Board and shall be carried into effect by the council of the county borough.

(19.) The expenses of a county council incurred under this section shall be defrayed in like manner as in the case of a local inquiry by a county council under this Act.

10. — (1.) The parish council shall have power to hire land for allotments, and if they are satisfied that allotments are required, and are unable to hire by agreement on reasonable terms suitable land for allotments, they shall represent the case to the county council, and the county council may make an order authorising the parish council to hire compulsori^ for allotments, for a period not less than fourteen years nor more than thirty-live years, such land in or near the parish as is specified in the order, and the order shall, as respects confirmation and otherwise, be subject to the like provisions as if it were an order of the county council made under the last preceding section of this Act, and that section shall apply as if it were herein re-enacted with the substitution of " hiring " for " purchase " and with the other necessary modifications.

(2.) A single arbitrator, who shall be appointed in accordance with the provisions of section three of the Allotments Act, 1887, and to whom the provisions of that section shall apply, shall have power to determine any question —

(a) as to the terms and conditions of the hiring; or

(b) as to the amount of compensation for severance; or

(c) as to the compensation to any tenant upon the determination

of hie tenancy; or Di,

1894.

Local Government Act, 1894. Ch. 73.

381

(d) as to the apportionment of the rent between the land taken Part I. by the ]>arish council and the land not taken from the tenant;

or

(e) as to any other matter incidental to the hiring of the land by the council, or the surrender thereof at the end of their tenancy;

but the arbitrator in fixing the rent shall not make any addition in respect of compulsory hiring.

(3.) The arbitrator, in fixing rent or other compensation, shall take into consideration all the circumstances connected with the land, and the use to which it might otherwise be put by the owner during the term of hiring, and any depreciation of the value to the tenant of the residue of his holding caused by the withdrawal from the holding of the land hired by the parish council.

(4.) Any compensation awarded to a tenant in respect of any depreciation of the value to him of the residue of his holding caused by the withdrawal from the holding of the land hired by the parish council shall as far as possible be provided for by taking such compensation into account in fixing, as the case may require, the rent to be paid by the parish council for the land hired by them, and the apportioned rent, if any, to be paid by the tenant for that portion of the holding which is not hired by the parish council.

(5.) The award of the arbitrator or a copy thereof, together with a report signed by him as to the condition of the land taken by the parish council, shall be deposited and preserved with the public books, writings, and papers of the parish, and the owner for the time being of the land shall at all reasonable times be at liberty to inspect the same and to take copies thereof.

(6.) Save as herein-after mentioned, sections five to eight of the Allotments Act, 1887, shall apply to any allotment hired by a parish council in like manner as if that council were the sanitary authority and also the allotment managers:

Provided that the parish council —

(a) may let to one person an allotment or allotments exceeding one acre, but, if the land is hired compulsorily, not exceeding in the whole four acres of pasture or one acre of arable and three acres of pasture; and

(b) may permit to be erected on the allotment any stable, cowhouse, or barn; and

(c) shall not break up, or permit to be broken up, any permanent pasture, without the assent in writing of the landlord.

(7.) On the determination of any tenancy created by compulsory hiring a single arbitrator who shall be appointed in accordance with the provisions of section three of the Allotments Act, 1887, shall have power to determine as to the amount due by the landlord for compensation for improvements, or by the parish council for depreciation, but such compensation shall be assessed in accordance with the provisions of the Agricultural Holdings (England) Act, 46 & 47 Vict. 1883. OnrncAo c. 61 *

VjCjOy Lk

382

Ch. 73.

Local Government Act, 1894.

56 & 57 Vict.

Part I.

55 & 56 Vict. c. 31.

Restrictions

expenditure.

(8.) The order for compulsory hiring may apply, with the prescribed adaptations, such of the provisions of the Lands Clauses Acts (including those relating to the acquisition of land otherwise than by agreement) as appear to the county council or Local Government. Board sufficient for carrying into effect the order, and for the protection of the persons interested in the land and of the parish council.

(9.) Nothing in this section shall authorise the compulsory hiring of any mines or minerals, or confer any right to take, sell, or carry away any gravel, sand, or clay, or authorise the hiring of any land which is already owned or occupied as a small holding within the meaning of the Small Holdings Act, 1892.

(10.) If the land hired under this section shall at any time during the tenancy thereof by the parish council be shown to the satisfaction of the county council to be required by the landlord for the purpose of working and getting the mines, minerals, or surface minerals thereunder, or for any road or work to be used in connexion with such working or getting, it shall be lawful for the landlord of such land to resume possession thereof upon giving to the parish council twelve calendar months previous notice in writing of his intention so to do, and upon such resumption the landlord shall pay to the parish council and to the allotment holders of the land for the time being such sum by way of compensation for the loss of such land for the purposes of allotments as may be agreed upon by the landlord and the parish council, or in default of such agreement as may be awarded by a single arbitrator to be appointed in accordance with the provisions of section three of the Allotments Act, 1887, and the provisions of that section shall apply to such arbitrator.

The word " landlord " in this subsection means the person for the time being entitled to receive the rent of the land hired by the parish council.

(11.) The Local Government Board shall annually lay before Parliament a report of any proceedings under this and the preceding section.

11. — (1.) A parish council shall not, without the consent of a parish meeting, incur expenses or liabilities which will involve a rate exceeding threepence in the pound for any local financial year, or which will involve a loan.

(2.) A parish council shall not, without the approval of the county council, incur any expense or liability which will involve a loan.

(3.) The sum raised in any local financial year by a parish council for their expenses (other than expenses under the adoptive Acts) shall not exceed a sum equal to a rate of sixpence in the pound on the rateable value of the parish at the commencement of the year, and for the purpose of this enactment the expression "expenses " includes any annual charge, whether of principal or interest, in respect of any loan.

(4.) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the expenses of a parish council and of a parish meeting, including the expenses of

1894.

Local Government Act, 1894. Ch. 73.

883

any poll, shall be paid out of the poor rate; and where there is a Part I. parish council that council shall pay the said expenses of the parish meeting of the parish; and the parish council, and where there is no parish council the chairman of the parish meeting, shall, for the purpose of obtaining payment of such expenses, have the same powers as a board of guardians have for the purpose of obtaining contributions to their common fund.

(5.) The demand note for any rate levied for defraying the expenses of a parish council or a parish meeting, together with other expenses, shall state in the prescribed form the proportion of the rate levied for the expenses of the council or meeting, and the proportion (if any) levied for the purpose of any of the adoptive Acts.

12. — (1.) A parish council for any of the following purposes, Borrowing

that is to say — by P*11

(a) for purchasing any land, or building and buildings, which C0Qnc the council are authorised to purchase or build; and

(b) for any purpose for which the council are authorised to borrow under any of the adoptive Acts; and

(c) for any permanent work or other thing which the council are authorised to execute or do, and the cost of which ought, in the opinion of the county council and the Local Government Board, to be spread over a term of years;

may, with the consent of the county council and the Local Government Board, borrow money in like manner and subject to the like conditions as a local authority may borrow for defraying expenses incurred in the execution of the Public Health Acts, and sections two hundred and thirty-three, two hundred and thirty-four, and two hundred and thirty-six to two hundred and thirty-nine of the Public Health Act, 1875, shall apply accordingly, except that the 88 & 89 Vict. money shall be borrowed on the security of the poor rate and of the c*55, whole or part of the revenues of the parish council, and except that as respects the limit of the sum to be borrowed, one half of the assessable value shall be substituted for the assessable value for two years.

(2.) A county council may lend to a parish council any money which the parish council are authorised to borrow, and may, if necessary, without the sanction of the Local Government Board, and irrespectively of any limit of borrowing, raise the money by loan, subject to the like conditions and in the like manner as any other loan for the execution of their duties, and subject to any further conditions which the Local Government Board may by general or special order impose.

(3.) A parish council shall not borrow for the purposes of any of the adoptive Acts otherwise than in accordance with this Act, but the charge for the purpose of any of the adoptive Acts shall ultimately be on the rate applicable to the purposes of that Act.

13. — (1.) The consent of the parish council and of the district Footpath* and council shall be required for the stopping, in whole or in part, or r0ftds* diversion, of a public right of way within a rural parish, and the consent of the parish council shall be required for a declaration that a highway in a rural parish is unnecessary fq£y public use and not

Ch. 73. Local Government Act, 1894. 56 & 57 Vict.

repairable at the public expense, and the parish council shall give public notice of a resolution to give any such consent, and the resolution shall not operate —

(a) unless it is confirmed by the parish council at a meeting held not less than two months after the public notice is given; nor

(b) if a parish meeting held before the confirmation resolve that the consent ought not to be given.

(2.) A parish council may, subject to the provisions of this Act with respect to restrictions on expenditure, undertake the repair and maintenance of all or any of the public footpaths within their parish, not being footpaths at the side of a public road, but this power shall not nor shall the exercise thereof relieve any other authority or person from any liability with respect to such repair or maintenance.

14. — (1.) Where trustees hold any property for the purposes of a public recreation ground or of public meetings, or of allotments, whether under Inclosure Acts or otherwise, for the benefit of the inhabitants of a rural parish, or any of them, or for any public purpose connected with a rural parish, except for an ecclesiastical charity, they miy, with the approval of the Charity Commissioners, transfer the property to the parish council of the pari-h, or to persons appointed by that council, and the parish council, if they accept the transfer, or their appointees, shall hold the property on the trusts and subject to the conditions on which the trustees held the same.

(2.) Where overseers of a rural parish as such are, either alone or jointly with any other persons, trustees of any parochial charity, such number of the councillors of the parish or other persons, not exceeding the number of the overseer trustees, as the council may appoint, shall be trustees in their place, and, when the charity is not an ecclesiastical charity, this enactment shall apply as if the churchwardens as such were specified therein as well as the overseers.

(3.) Where the governing body of a parochial charity other than an ecclesiastical charity does not include any persons elected by the ratepayers or parochial electors or inhabitants of- the parish, or appointed by the parish council or parish meeting, the parish council may appoint additional members of that governing body not exceeding the number allowed by the Charity Commissioners in each case; and if the management of any such charity is vested in a sole trustee, the number of trustees may, with the approval of the Charity Commissioners, be increased to three, one of whom may be nominated by such sole trustee and one by the parish council or parish meeting. Nothing in this subsection shall prejudicially affect the power or authority of the Charity Commissioners, under any of the Acts relating to charities, to settle or alter schemes for the better administration of any charity.

(4.) Where the vestry of a rural parish are entitled, under the trusts of a charity other than an ecclesiastical charity, to appoint any trustees or beneficiaries of the cliari ^, (ppoi ntment shall

1894.

Local Government Act, 1894. Ch. 73.

385

be made by the parish council of the parish, or in the case of Part I. beneficiaries, by persons appointed by the parish council. -

(5.) The draft of every scheme relating to a charity, not being an ecclesiastical charity, which affects a rural parish, shall, on or before the publication of the notice of the proposal to make an order for such scheme in accordance with section six of the Charitable Trusts Act, 1860, be communicated to the council 23 & 24, Vict. of the parish, and where there is no parish council to the chairman c-136, of the parish meeting, and, in the case of a council, the council may, subject to the provisions of this Act with respect to restrictions on expenditure, and to the consent of the parish meeting, either support or oppose the scheme, and shall for that purpose have the same right as any inhabitants of a place directly affected by the scheme.

(0.) The accounts of all parochial charities, not being ecclesiastical charities, shall annually be laid before the parish meeting of any parish affected thereby, and the Charitable Trusts Amendment 18 & 19 Vict 19 Vict. Act, 1855, shall apply with the substitution in section forty-four c*124' of the parish meeting for the vestry, and of the chairman of the parish meeting for the churchwardens, and the names of the beneficiaries of dole charities shall be published annually in such form as the parish council, or where there is no parish council the parish meeting, think fit.

(7.) The term of office of a trustee appointed under this section shall be four years, but of the trustees first appointed as aforesaid one half, as nearly as may be, to be determined by lot, shall go out of office at the end of two years from the date of their appointment, but shall be eligible for re-appointment.

(8.) The provisions of this section with respect to the appointment of trustees, except so far as the appointment is transferred from the vestry, shall not apply to any charity until the expiration of forty years from the date of the foundation thereof, or, in the case of a charity founded before the parsing of this Act by it donor or by several donors any one of whom is living at the passing of this Act, until the expiration of forty years from the passing of this Act, unless with the consent of the surviving donor or donors.

(9.) Whilst a person is trustee of a parochial charity he shall not, nor shall his wife or any of his children, receive any benefit from the charity.

15. A rural district council may delegate to a parish council any Delegated power which may be delegated to a parochial committee under the P°^e" °* Public Health Acts, and thereupon those Acts shall apply as if the councils, parish council were a parochial committee, and where such district council appoint a parochial committee consisting partly of members

of the district council and partly of other persons, those other persons shall, where there is a parish council, be or be selected from the members of the parish council.

16. — (1.) Where a parish council resolve that a rural district Complaint by council ought to have provided the parish with sufficient sewers, council or to have maintained existing sewers, or to have provided the district*1 ° parish with a supply of water in cases where danger arises to the council.

B b

.m

Part I-

88 & 89 Vict. c. 55.

Parish officers and parish documents.

Ch. 73. Local Government Act, 1894. 56 & 57 Vict.

health of the inhabitants from the insufficiency or unwholesomeness of the existing supply of water, and a proper supply can be got at a reasonable cost, or to have enforced with regard to the parish any provisions of the Public Health Acts which it is their duty to enforce, and have failed so to do, or that they have failed to maintain and repair any highway in a good and substantial manner, the parish council may complain to the county council, and the county council, if satisfied after due inquiry that the district council have so failed as respects the subject matter of the complaint, may resolve that the duties and powers of the district council for the purpose of the matter complained of shall be transferred to the county council, and they shall be transferred accordingly.

(2.) Upon any complaint under this section the county council may, instead of resolving that the duties and powers of the rural district council be transferred to them, make such an order as is mentioned in section two hundred and ninety-nine of the Public Health Act, 1875, and may appoint a person to perform the duty mentioned in the order, and upon such appointment sections two hundred and ninety-nine to three hundred and two of the Public Health Act, 1875, shall apply with the substitution of the county council for the Local Government Board.

(3.) Where a rural district council have determined to adopt plans for the sewerage or water supply of any contributory place within the district, they shall give notice thereof to the parish council of any parish for which the works are to be provided before any contract is entered into by them for the execution of the works.

17. — (1.) A parish council may appoint one of their number to act as clerk of the council without remuneration.

(2.) If no member of the parish council is appointed so to act, and there is an assistant overseer, he, or such one of the assistant overseers, if more than one, as may be appointed by the council, shall be the clerk of the parish council, and the performance of his duties as such shall be taken into account in determining his salary.

(3.) If there is no assistant overseer, the parish council may appoint a collector of poor rates, or some other fit person, to be their clerk, with such remuneration as they may think fit.

(4.) A parish council shall not appoint to the office of vestry clerk.

(5.) When a parish council act as a parochial committee by delegation from the district council they shall have the services of the clerk of the district council, unless the district council otherwise direct.

(6.) The parish council may appoint one of their own number or some other person to act as treasurer without remuneration, and the treasurer shall give such security as may be required by regulations of the county council.

(7.) All documents required by statute or by standing orders of Parliament to be deposited with the parish clerk of a rural

1894.

Local Government Act, 1894. Ch. 73.

3, 87

parish shall, after the election of a parish council, be deposited Pa*t I.

with the clerk, or, if there is none, with the chairman, of the parish -

council, and the enactments with respect to the inspection of, and taking copies of, and extracts from, any such documents shall apply as if the clerk, or chairman, as the case may be, were mentioned therein.

(8.) Tiie custody of the registers of baptisms, marriages, and burials, and of all other books and documents containing entries wholly or partly relating to the affairs of the Church or to ecclesiastical charities, except documents directed by law to be kept with the public books, writings, and papers of the parish, shall remain as provided by the existing law unaffected by this Act. All other public books, writings, and papers of the parish, and all documents directed by law to be kept therewith, shall either remain in their existing custody, or be deposited in such custody as the parish council may direct. The incumbent and churchwardens on the one part, and the parish council on the other, shall have reasonable access to all such books, documents, writings, and papers, as are referred to in this subsection, and any difference as to custody or access shall be determined by the county council.

(9.) Every county council shall from time to time inquire into the manner in which the public books, writings, papers, and documents under the control of the parish council or parish meeting, are kept with a view to the proper preservation thereof, and shall make such orders as they think necessary for such preservation, and those orders shall be complied with by the parish council or parish meeting.

18. — (1.) A county council may, on application by the parish Parish wards, council, or not less than one tenth of the parochial electors of

a parish, and on being satisfied that the area or population of the parish is so large, or different parts of the population so situated, as to make a single parish meeting for the election of councillors impracticable or inconvenient, or that it is desirable for any reason that certain parts of the parish should be separately represented on the council, order that the parish be divided for the purpose of electing parish councillors into wards, to be called parish wards, with such boundaries and such number of councillors for each ward as may be provided by the order.

(2.) In the division of a parish into wards regard shall be had to the population according to the last published census for the time being, and to the evidence of any considerable change of population since that census, and to area and to the distribution and pursuits of the population, and to all the circumstances of the case.

(3.) Any such order may be revoked or varied by the county council on application by either the council or not less than one tenth of the parochial electors of the parish, but while in force shall have effect as if enacted by this Act.

(4.) In a parish divided into parish wards there shall be a separate election of parish councillors for each ward.

19. In a rural parish not having a separate parish council, the Provision?as following provisions shall, as from the appointed day, but subject

duo VjGOylL pansne.

388

Ch. 73.

Local Government, 1894.

56 k 57 Tier

Part I. to provisions made by a grouping order, if the pai ish is grouped with some other parish or parishes, have effect: —

(I.) At the annual assembly the parish meeting shall choose a chairman for the year;

(2.) The parish meeting shall assemble not less than twice in each year;

(3.) The parish meeting may appoint a committee of their own number for any purposes which, in the opinion of the parish meeting, would be better regulated and managed by means of such a committee, and all the acts of the committee shall be submitted to the parish meeting for their approval:

(4.) Ail powers, duties, and liabilities of the vestry shall, except so far as they relate to the affairs of the Church or to ecclesiastical charities, or are transferred by this Act to any other authority, be transferred to the parish meeting;

(5.) The pow'er and the duty of appointing the overseers, and of notifying the appointment, and the power of appointing and revoking the appointment of an assistant overseer, shall be transferred to and vest in the parish meeting, and the power given by this Act to a parish council of appointing trustees of a charity in the place of overseers or churchwardens, shall vest in the parish meeting;

(6.) The chairman of the parish meeting and the overseers of the parish shall be a body corporate by the name of the chairman and overseers of the parish, and shall have perpetual succession, and may hold land for the purposes of the parish without licence in mortmain; but shall in all respec‘s act in manner directed by the parish meeting, and any act of such body corporate shall be executed under the hands, or if an instrument under seal is required under the hands and seals, of the said chairman and overseers;

(7.) The legal interest in all property which under this Act would, if there were a parish council, be vested on the appointed day in the parish council shall vest in the said body corporate of the chairman and overseers of the parish, subject to all trusts and liabilities affecting the same, and all persons concerned shall make or concur in making such transfers (if any) as are requisite to give effect to this enactment;

(8.) The provisions of this Act with respect to the stopping or diversion of a public right of way, or the declaring of a highway to be unnecessary and not repairable at the public expense, and with respect to a complaint to a county council of a default by a district council, shall apply, with the substitution of the parish meeting for the parish council;

(9.) A rate levied for defraying the expenses of the parish meeting (when added to expenses under any of the adoptive Acts) shall not exceed sixp* nee in the pound in any local financial year;

(10.) On the application of the pai ish meeting the county council may confer on that meeting any of the powers conferred on a parish council by this Act; igi, l2edby

1894.

Local Government, I 894.

Cfl. 73.

389

(11.) Any act of the parish meeting may be signified by an I-

instrument executed at the meeting under the hands, or, if an instrument under seal is required under the hands and seals, of the chairin'n presiding at the meeting and two other parochial electors present at the meeting.

Guardians and District Councils.

20. As from the appointed day the following provisions shall Election and

(1.) There shall be no ex-officio or nominated guardians:

(2.) A person shall not be qualified to be elected or to be a guardian for a poor law union unless he is a parochial elector of some parish within the union, or has during the whole of the twelve months preceding the election resided in the union, or in the case of a guardian for a parish wholly or partly situate within the area of a borough, whether a county borough or not, is qualified to be elected a councillor for that borough, and no person shall be disqualified by sex or marriage for being elected or being a guardian. So much of any enactment, whether in a public general or local and personal Act, as relates to the qualification of a guardian shall be repealed:

(3.) The parochial electors of a pat ish shall be the electors of the guardians for the parish, and, if the parish is divided into wards for the election of guardians, the electors of the guardians for each ward shall be such of the parochial electors as are registered in respect of qualifications within the ward:

(4.) Each elector may give one vote and no more for each of any number of persons not exceeding the number to be elected:

(5.) The election shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, be conducted according to rules framed under this Act by the Local Government board:

(6.) The term of office of a guardian shall be three years, and one third, as nearly as may be, of every board of guardians shall go out of office on the fifteenth day of April in each year, and their places shall be filled by the newly elected guardians. Provided as follows: —

(a.) Where the county council on the application of the board of guardians of any union in their county consider that it would be expedient to provide for the simultaneous retirement of the whole of the board of guardians for the union, they may direct that the members of the board of guardians for that union shall retire together on the fifteenth day of April in every third year, and such order shall have full effect, and where a union is in more than one county, an order may be made by a joint committee of the councils of those counties;

(b.) Where at the passing of this Act the whole of the guardians of any union, in pursuance of an order of the Local Government Board, retire together at the end of every third year, they shall continue so^retirw unless

PART II.

Part II.

apply to boards of guardians:

qualification of guardian*.

d

Ch. 73.

Local Government Act, 1894. 56 & 57 Vict.

Part II.

Names of county districts and district councils.

the county council, or a joint committee of the county councils, on the application of the board of guardians or of any district council of a district wholly or partially within the union, otherwise direct (8.) A board of guardians may elect a chairman or vice-chairman or both, and not more than two other persons, from outside their own body, but from persons qualified to be guardians of the union, and any person so elected shall be an additional guardian and member of the board. Provided that on the first election, if a sufficient number of persons who have been ex-officio or nominated guardians of the union, and have actually served as such, are willing to serve, the additional members shall be elected from among those persons.

21. As from the appointed day, —

(1.) Urban sanitary authorities shall be called urban district councils, and their districts shall be called urban districts; but nothing in this section shall alter the style or title of the corporation or council of a borough:

(2.) For every rural sanitary district there shall be a rural district council whose district shall be called a rural district:

(8.) In this and every other Act of Parliament, unless the context otherwise requires, the expression "district council" shall include the council of every urban district, whether a borough or not, and of every rural district, and the expression "county district " shall include every urban and rural district whether a borough or not.

Chairman of council to be justice.

Constitution of district councils in urban districts not being boroughs.

22. The chairman of a district council unless a woman or personally disqualified by any Act shall be by virtue of his office justice of the peace for the county in which the district is situate, but before acting as such justice he shall, if he has not already done so, take the oaths required by law to be taken by a justice of the peace other than the oath respecting the qualification by estate.

23. As from the appointed day, where an urban district is not a borough —

(1.) There shall be no ex-officio or nominated members of the urban sanitary authority:

(2.) A person shall not be qualified to be elected or to be a councillor unless he is a parochial elector of some parish within the district, or has during the whole of the twelve months preceding the election resided in the district, and no person shall be disqualified by sex or marriage for being elected or being a councillor. So much of any enactment whether in a public general or local and personal Act as relates to the qualification of a member of an urban sanitary authority shall be repealed

(3.) The parochial electors of the parishes in the district shall be the electors of the councillors of the district, and, if the district is divided into wards, the electors of the councillors for each ward shall be such of the parochial electors as are registered in respect of qualifications wi$mje(jlm@^4>Q[e

1894. Local Government, 1894. Ch. 73.

(4.) Each elector may give one vote and no more for each of any number of persons not exceeding the number to be elected:

(5.) The election shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, be conducted according to rules framed under this Act by the Local Government Board:

(6.) The term of office of a councillor shall be three years, and one-third, as nearly as may be, of the council, and if the district is divided into wards one-third, as nearly as may be, of the councillors for each ward, shall go out of office on the fifteenth day of April in each year, and their places shall be filled by the newly elected councillors. Provided that a county council may on request made by a resolution of an urban district council, passed by two-thirds of the members voting on the resolution, direct that the members of such council shall retire together on the fifteenth day of April in every third year, and such order shall have full effect.

24. — (1.) The district council of every rural district shall consist of a chairman and councillors, and the councillors shall be elected by the parishes or other areas for the election of guardians in the district.

(2.) The number of councillors for each parish or other area in a rural district shall be the same as the number of guardians for that parish or area.

(3.) The district councillors for any parish or other area in a rural district shall be the representatives of that parish or area on the board of guardians, and when acting in that capacity shall be deemed to be guardians of the poor, and guardians as such shall not be elected for that parish or area.

(4.) The provisions of this Act with respect to the qualification, election, and tenn of office and retirement of guardians, and to the qualification of the chairman of the board of guardians, shall apply to district councillors and to the chairman of the district council of a rural district, and any person qualified to be a guardian for a union comprising the district shall be qualified to be a district councillor for the district.

(5.) Where a rural sanitary district is on the appointed day situate in more than one administrative county, such portion thereof as is situate in each administrative county shall, save as otherwise provided by or in pursuance of this or any other Act, be as from the appointed day a rural district;

Provided that where the number of councillors of any such district will be less than five, the provisions, so far as unrepealed, of section nine of the Public Health Act, 1875, with respect to the nomination of persons to make up the members of a rural authority to five, shall apply, unless the Local Government Board by order direct that the affairs of the district shall be temporarily administered by the district council of an adjoining district in another county with which it was united before the appointed day, and, if they so direct, the councillors of the district shall be entitled, so far as regards those affairs, to sit and act as members of that district council, but a separate account shall be 'dcept ofi receipts

391.

Part II.

Rural district councils.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 55.

Ch. 73.

Local Government, 1894.

56 & 57 Vict.

Part II.

Powers of district council with respect to sanitary and highway matters.

88 & 89 Vict. «. 55.

51 & 52 Vict. 0.41.

and expenses in respect of the district, and the same shall be credited or charged separately to the district.

(6.) The said provisions of section nine of the Public Health Act, 1875, shall apply to the district council of a rural district to which they apply at the passing of this Act.

(7.) Every district council for a rural district shall be a body corporate by the name of the district council, with the addition of the name of the district, or if there is any doubt as to the latter name, of such name as the county council direct, and shall have perpetual succession and a common seal, and may hold land for the purposes of their powers and duties without licence in mortmain.

25. — (1.) As from the appointed day, there shall be transferred to the district council of every rural district all the powers, duties, and liabilities of the rural sanitary authority in the district, and of any highway authority in the district, and highway boards shall cease to exist, and rural district councils shall be the successors of the rural sanitary authority and highway authority, and shall also have as respects highways all the powers, duties, and liabilities of an urban sanitary authority under sections one hundred and forty-four to one hundred and forty-eight of the Public Health Act, 1875, and those sections shall apply in the ca«e of a rural district and of the council thereof in like manner as in the case of an urban district and an urban authority. Provided that the council of anjT county may by order postpone within their county or any part thereof the operat:on of this section, so far as it relates to highways, for a term not exceeding three years from the appointed day or such further period as the Local Government Board may on the application of such council allow.

(2.) Where a highway repairable ratione tenurae appears on the report of a competent surveyor not to be in proper repair, and the person liable to repair the same fails when requested so to do by the district council to place it in proper repair, the district council may place the highway in proper repair, and recover from the person liable to repair the highway the necessary expenses of so doing.

(3.) Where a highway authority receives any contribution from the county council towards the cost of any highway under section eleven, subsection (10), of the Local Government Act, 1888, such contribution may be made, subject to any such conditions for the proper maintenance and repair of such highways, as may be agreed on between the county council and the highway authority.

(4.) Where the council of a rural district become the highway authority for that district, any excluded part of a parish under section two hundred and sixteen of the Public Health Act, 1875, which is situate in that district, shall cease to be part of any urban district for the purpose of highways, but until the council become the highway authority such excluded part of a parish shall continue subject to the said section.

(5.) Rural district councils shall also have such powers, duties, and liabilities of urban sanitary authorities under the Public Health Acts or any other Act, and such provisions of any of those Acts

Local Government Act, 1894.

Cff. 73.

393

relating to urban districts shall apply to rural districts, as the Part JI. Local Government Board by general order direct.

(6.) The power to make such general orders shall be in addition to and not in substitution for the powers conferred on the Board by section two hundred and seventy-six of the Public Health Act, 1875, or by any enactment applying that section; and every order made by the Local Government Board under this section shall be forthwith laid before Parliament.

(7.) The powers conferred on the Local Government Board by the said section two hundred and seventy-six, or by any enactment applying that section, may be exercised on the application of a county council, or with respect to any parish or part of a parish on the application of the parish council of that parish.

26. — (1.) It shall be the duty of every district council to protect Duties and all public rights of way, and to prevent as far as possible the dbtri" council stopping or obstruction of any such right of way, whether within a8 rights of their district or in an adjoining district in the county or counties way, rights of in which the district is situate, where the stoppage or obstruction ^Stride'11115 thereof would in their opinion be prejudicial to the interests of their wastes, district, and to prevent any unlawful encroachment on any roadside waste within their district.

(2.) A district council may with the consent of the county council for the county within which any common land is situate aid persons in maintaining rights of common where, in the opinion of the council, the extinction of such rights would be prejudicial to the inhabitants of the district; and may with the like consent exercise in relation to any common within their district all such powers as may, under section eight of the Commons Act, 1876, be 39 & 40 Vict. exercised by an urban sanitary authority in relation to any common c-56-referred to in that section; and notice of any application to the Board of Agriculture in relation to any common within their district shall be served upon the district council.

(3.) A district council may, for the purpose of carrying into effect this section, institute or defend any legal proceedings, and generally take such steps as they deem expedient.

(4.) Where a parish council have represented to the district council that any public right of way within the district or an adjoining district in the county or counties in which the district is situate has been unlawfully stopped or obstructed, or that an unlawful encroachment has taken place on any roadside waste within the district, it shall be the duty of the district council, unless satisfied that the allegations of such representation are incorrect, to take proper proceedings accordingly; and if the district council refuse or fail to take any proceedings in consequence of such representation, the parish council may petition the county council for the county within which the way or waste is situate, and if that council so resolve the powers and duties of the district council under this section shall be transferred to the county council.

(5.) Any proceedings or steps taken by a district council or county council in relation to any alleged right of way shall not be deemed to be unauthorised by reason ODly of such right of way not being found to exist.

Ch. 73.

Local Government Act, 1894,

56 & 57 Vict.

Part ii. (6.) Nothing in this section shall affect the powers of the county council in relation to roadside wastes.

(7.) Nothing in this section shall prejudice any powers exerciseable by an urban sanitary authority at the passing of this Act, and the council of every county borough shall have the additional powers conferred on a district council by this section.

Transfer of certain powers of justices to district councils.

27. — (1.) As from the appointed day the powers, duties, and liabilities of justices out of session in relation to any of the matters following, that is to say, —

(a) the licensing of gang masters;

(b) the grant of pawnbrokers' certificates;

(c) the licensing of dealers in game;

(d) the grant of licences for passage brokers and emigrant runners;

(e) the abolition of fairs and alteration of days for holding fairs;

(f) the execution as the local authority of the Acts relating to

petroleum and infant life protection; when arising within a county district, shall be transferred to the district council of the district.

(2.) As from the appointed day, the powers, duties, and liabilities of quarter sessions in relation to the licensing of knackers' yards within a county district shall be transferred to the district council of the district.

(3.) All fees payable in respect of the powers, duties, and liabilities transferred by this section shall be payable to the district council.

Expenses of urban district council.

38 & 39 Vict c. 55.

Expenses of rural district council.

38 & 39 Vict 0.55.

28. The expenses incurred by the council of an urban district in the execution of the additional powers conferred on the council by this Act shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, be defrayed in a borough out of the borough fund or rate, and in any other case out of the district fund and general district rate or other fund applicable towards defraying the expenses of the execution of the Public Health Act, 1875. 29

29. The expenses incurred by the council of a rural district shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, be defrayed in manner directed by the Public Health Act, 1875, with respect to expenses incurred in the execution of that Act by a rural sanitary authority, and the provisions of the Public Health Acts with respect to those expenses shall apply accordingly.

Provided as follows: —

(a.) Any highway expenses shall be defrayed as general expenses:(b.) When the Local Government Board determine any expenses under this Act to be special expenses and a separate charge on any contributory place, and such expenses would if not separately chargeable on a contributory place be raised as general expenses, they may further direct that such special expenses shall be raised in like manner as general expenses, and not by such separate rate for special expenses as is mentioned in section two hundred and thirty of the Public Health Act, 1875:

1894.

Local Government Act, 1894. Ch. 73.

395

(c.) A district council shall have the same power of charging highway expenses under exceptional circumstances on a contributory place as a highway board has in respect of any area under section seven of the Highways and Locomotives (Amendment) Act, 1878:

(d.) Where highway expenses would, if this Act had not passed, have been in whole or in part defrayed in any parish or other area out of any property or funds other than rates, the district council shall make such provision as will give to that parish or area the benefit of such property or funds by way of reduction of the rates on the parish or area.

30. The provisions of this Part of this Act respecting guardians shall apply to the administrative county of London and to every county borough.

31. — (1.) The provisions of this Act with respect to the qualification of the electors of urban district councillors, and of the persons to be elected, and with respect to the mode of conducting the election, shall apply as if members of the local board of Woolwich and the vestries elected under the Metropolis Management Acts, 1855 to 1890, or any Act amending those Acts, and the auditors for parishes elected under those Acts, and so far as respects the qualification of persons to be elected as if members of the district boards under the said Acts, were urban district councillors, and no person shall, ex-officio, be chairman of any of the said vestries. Provided that the Elections (Hours of Poll) Act, 1885, shall apply to elections to the said vestries.

(2.) Each of the said vestries, except those electing district boards, and each of the said district boards and the local board of Woolwich, shall at their first meeting after the annual election of members elect a chairman for the year, and section forty-one of the Metropolis Management-Act, 1855, shall apply only in case of the absence of such chairman, and the provisions of this Act with respect to chairmen of urban district councils being justices shall apply as if the said vestries and boards were urban district councils.

(3.) Nothing in any local and personal Act shall prevent any vestry in the county of London from holding their meeting at such time as may be directed by the vestry.

32. The provisions of this Part of this Act respecting the powers, duties, and liabilities of justices out of session, or of quarter sessions, which are transferred to a district council, shall apply to a county borough as if it were an urban district, and the county borough council were a district council.

33. — (1.) The Local Government Board may, on the application of the council of any municipal borough, including a county borough, or of any other urban district, make an order conferring on that council or some other representative body within the borough or district all or any of the following matters, namely, the appointment of overseers and assistant overseers, the revocation of appointment of assistant overseers, any powers, duties, or liabilities of overseers, and any powers, duties, or liabilities of a parish council,

Part II.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 77.

Guardians in London and county boroughs.

Provisions as to London vestries and district boards.

48 Vict. c. 10.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 120.

Application to county boroughs of provisions as to transfer of justices' powers.

Power to apply certain provisions of Act to urban districts and London.

396

Ch. 73.

Local Qovei'nment Act, 1894.

56 & 57 Vict.

Part II.

Supplemental provisions as to control of overseers in urban districts.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 41.

Restrictions on application of Act to London,

&c.

Part III.

Duties and powers of county council with respect to areas and boundaries.

and applying with the necessary modifications the provis'ons of this Act with reference thereto.

(2.) Where it appears to the Local Government Board that, by reason of the circumstances connected with any parish in a municipal borough (including a county borough) or other urb :n district divided into wards, or with the parochial charities of that parish, the parish will not, if the majority of the body of trustees administering the charity are appointed by the council of the borough or district, be properly represented on that body, they may, b}r their order, provide that such of those trustees as are appointed by the council, or some of them, shall be appointed on the nomination of the councillors elected for the ward or wards comprising such parish or any part of the parish.

(3.) Any order under this section may provide for its operation extending either to the whole or to specified parts of the area of the borough or urban district, and may make such provisions as seem necessary for carrying the order into effect.

(4.) The order shall not alter the incidence of any rate, and shall make such provisions as may seem necessary and just for the preservation of the existing interests of paid officers.

(5.) An order under this section may also be made on the application of any representative body within a borough or district.

(6.) The provisions of this section respecting councils of urban districts shall apply to the administrative county of London in like manner as if the district of each sanitary authority in that county were an urban district, and the sanitary authority were the council of that district.

(7.) The Local Government Board shall consult the Charity Commissioners before making any order under this section with respect to any charity.

34. Where an order of the Local Government Board under this Act confers on the council of an urban district, or some other repre; entative body within the district, either the appointment of overseers and assistant overseers or the powers, duties, and liabilities of overseers, that order or any subsequent order of the Board may confer on such council or body the powers of the vestry under the third and fouith sections of the Poor Rate Assessment and Collection Act, 1869.

35. Save as specially provided by this Act, this Part of this Act shall not apply to the administrative county of London or to a county borough.

PART IH.

Areas and Boundaries.

36. — (1.) For the purpose of carrying this Act into effect in the case of —

(a) every parish and rural sanitary district which at the passing of this Act is situate partly within and partly without an administrative county; and

1894.

' Local Government, 1894. Ch. 73.

397

(b) every parish which at the parsing of this Act is situate partly within and partly without a sanitary district; and

(c) every rural parish which has a population of less than two hundred; and

(d) every rural sanitary district which at the passing of this Act has less than five elective guardians capable of acting and voting as members of the rural sanitary authority of the district; and

(e) every rural parish which is co-extensive with a rural sanitary district;

every county council shall forthwith take into consideration every such case within their county, and whether any proposal has or has not been made as mentioned in section fifty-seven of the Local Government Act, 1888, shall as soon as practicable, in accordance with that section, cause inquiries to be made and notices given, and make such orders, if any, as they deem most suitable for carrying into effect this Act in accordance with the following provisions, namely:—

(i.) the whole of each parish, and, unless the county council for special reasons otherwise direct, the whole of each rural district shall be within the same administrative county;

(ii.J the whole of each parish shall, unless the county council for special reasons otherwise direct, be within the same county district; and

(iii.) every rural district which will have less than five elected councillors shall, unless for special reasons the county council otherwise direct, be united to some neighbouring district or districts.

(2.) Where a parish is at the passing of this Act situate in more than one urban district, the parts of the parish in each such district shall, as from the appointed day, unless the county council for special reasons otherwise direct, and subject to any alteration of area made by or in pursuance of this or any other Act, be separate parishes, in like manner as if they had been constituted separate parishes under the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876, and the Acts amending the same.

(3.) Where a parish is divided by this Act, the county council may by order provide for the application to different parts of that parish of the provisions of this Act with respect to the appointment of trustees or beneficiaries of a charity and for the custody of parish documents, but the order, so far as regards the charity, shall cot have any effect until it has received the approval of the Charity Commissioners.

(4.) Where a rural parish is co-extensive with a rural sanitary district, then, until the district is united to some other district or districts, and unless the county council otherwise direct, a separate election of a parish council shall not be held for the pariah, but the district council shall, in addition to their own powers, have the powers of, and be deemed to be, the parish council.

(5.)Where an alteration of the boundary of any county or bo; ough seems expedient for any of the purposes mentioned in this

Part III.

51 & 52 Vict. C. 41.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 61.

Ch. 73.

Local Government, 1894.

56 & 57 VICT.

pabt in.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 41.

section, application shall be made to the Local Government Board for an order under section fifty-four of the Local Government Act,

1888.

(6.) Where the alteration of a poor law union seems expedient by reason of any of the provisions of this Act, the county council may, by their order, provide for such alteration in accordance with section fifty-eight of the Local Government Act, 1888, or otherwise, but this provision shall not affect the powers of the Local Government Board with respect to the alteration of unions.

(7.) Where an order for the alteration of the boundary of any parish or the division thereof, or the union thereof or of any part thereof, with another parish is proposed to be made after the appointed day, notice thereof shall, a reasonable time before it is made, be given to the parish council of that parish, or if there is no parish council, to the parish meeting, and that parish council or parish meeting, as the case may be, shall have the right to appear at any inquiry held by the county council with reference to the order, and shall be at liberty to petition the Local Government Board against the confirmation of the order.

(8.) Where the alteration of the boundary of any parish, or the division thereof or the union thereof or of part thereof with another parish, seems expedient for any of the purposes of this Act, provision for such alteration, division, or union may be made by an order of the county council confirmed by the Local Government Board under section fifty-seven of the Local Government Act, 1888.

(9.) Where a parish is by this Act divided into two or more parishes, those parishes shall, until it is otherwise provided, be included in the same poor law union in which the original parish was included.

(10.) Subject to the provisions of this Act, any order made by a county council in pursuance of this Part of this Act shall be deemed to be an order under section fifty-seven of the Local Government Act, 1888, and any board of guardians affected by an order shall have the same right of petitioning against that order as is given by that section to any other authority.

(11.) Where any of the areas referred to in section fifty-seven of the Local Government Act, 1888, is situate in two or more counties, or the alteration of any such area would alter the boundaries of a poor law union situate in two or more counties, a joint committee appointed by the councils of those counties shall, subject to the terms of delegation, be deemed to have and to have always had power to make orders under that section with respect to that area; and where at the passing of this Act a rural sanitary district or parish is situate in more than one county, a joint committee of the councils of those counties shall act under this section, and if any of those councils do not, within two months after request from any other of them, appoint members of such joint committee, the members of the committee actually appointed shall act as the joint committee. Provided that any question arising as to the constitution or procedure of any such joint committee shall, if the county

Ch. 73.

1894?. Local Government Act, 1894. 4

399

councils concerned fail to agree, be determined by the Local Government Board.

(12.) Every report made by the Boundary Commissioners under the Local Government Boundaries Act, 1887, shall be laid before the council of any administrative county or borough affected by that report, and before any joint committee of county councils, and it shall be the duty of such councils and joint committees to take such reports into consideration before framing any order under the powers conferred on them under this Act.

(13.) Every county council shall, within two years after the passing of this Act, or within such further period as the Local Government Board may allow either generally or with reference to any particular matter, make such orders under this section as they deem necessary for the purpose of bringing this Act into operation, and after the expiration of the said two years or further period the powers of the county council for that purpose shall be transferred to the Local Government Board, who may exercise those powers.

37. Where it is proved to the satisfaction of the county council that any part of a parish has a defined boundary, and has any property or rights distinct from the rest of the parish, the county council may order that the consent of a parish meeting held for that part of the parish shall be required for any such act or class of acts of the parish council affecting the said property or rights as is specified in the order.

38. — (1.) Where parishes are grouped, the grouping order shall make the necessary provisions for the name of the group, for the parish meetings in each of the grouped parishes, and for the election in manner provided by this Act of separate representatives of each parish on the parish council, and may provide for the consent of the parish meeting of a parish to any particular act of the parish council, and for any other adaptations of this Act to the group of parishes, or to the parish meetings in the group.

(2.) Where parishes are grouped the whole area under each parish council shall, unless the county council for special reasons otherwise direct, be within the same administrative county and county district.

(3.) Where parishes are grouped, the grouping order shall provide for the application of the provisions of this Act with respect to the appointment of trustees and beneficiaries of a charity, and the custody of documents, so as to preserve the separate rights of each parish.

(4.) The parish meeting of any parish may apply to the county council for a grouping order respecting that parish, and, if the parish has a less population than two hundred, for a parish council, and any such application shall be forthwith taken into consideration by the county council.

(5.) The county council may, on the application of the council for any group of parishes or of the parish meeting for any parish included in a group of parishes, make an order dissolving the group, and shall by the order make such provision as appears necessary for the election of parish councils of the parishes in the group and

pabt in.

50 & 51 Vict. c. <1.

Provision as to parishes having parts with defined boundaries.

Orders for grouping parishes and dissolving groups.

s '

Ch. 73.

Local Government Act, 1894.

56 & 57 Vict.

Part III.

Provisions for increase and decrease of population.

Certain orders of county council not to require confirmation.

eduction of time for appealing against county council orders.

Validity of county council orders.

for the adjustment of property, rights, and liabilities as between separate parishes and the group.

39. — (1.) Where the population of a parish not Laving a separate parish council increases so as to justify the election of such council, the parish meeting may petition the county council, and the county council, if they think proper, may order the election of a parish council in that parish, and shall by the order make such provision as appears necessary for separating the parish from any group of parishes in which it is included, and for the alteration of the parish council of the group, and for the adjustment of property, rights, and liabilities as between the group and the parish with a separate parish council.

(2.) Where the population of a parish, according to the last published census for the tiqie being, is less than two hundred, the parish meeting may petition the county council, and the county council, if they think proper, may order the dissolution of the parish council, and from and after the date of the order this Act shall apply to that parish as to a parish not having a parish council. The order shall make such provision as appears necessary for carrying it into effect, and for the disposal and adjustment of the property, rights, and liabilities of the parish council. Where a petition for such an order is rejected, another petition for the same purpose may not be presented within two years from the presentation of the previous petition.

40. A grouping order, and an order establishing or dissolving a parish council, or dissolving a group of parishes, and an order relating to the custody of parish documents or requiring the approval of the Charity Commissioners, and an order requiring the consent of the parish meeting for any part of the parish to any act or class of acts of the parish council, shall not require submission to or confirmation by the Local Government Board.

41. The time for petitioning against an order under section fifty-seven of the Local Government Act, 1888, shall be six weeks instead of three months after the notice referred to in subsection three of that section.

42. When an order under section fifty-seven of the Local Government Act, 1888, has been confirmed by the Local Government Board, such order shall at the expiration of six months from that confirmation be presumed to have been duly made, and to be within the powers of that section, and no objection to the legality thereof shall be entertained in any legal proceeding whatever.

Part IV. PART IV.

Supplemental.

Parish Meetings and Elections.

S>uaiification 43. For the purposes of this Act a woman shall not be disqualified

of married by mrriage for being on any local government register of electors, women.

1894.

Local Government Act, 1894. Ch. 73.

401

or for being an elector of any local authority, provided that a Part IV.

husband and wife shall not both be qualified in respect of the --

same property.

44. — (1.) The local government register of electors and the Register of p irliamentary register of electors, so far as they relate to a Parochial parish shall, together, form the register of the parochial electors of e ec or R* the parish; and any person whose name is not in that register shall not be entitled to attend a meeting or vote as a parochial elector, and any person whose name is in that register shall be entitled to attend a meeting and vote as a parochial elector unless prohibited from voting by this or any other Act of Parliament.

(2.) Where the parish is in a parliamentary borough, such portion of the parliamentary register of electors for the county as contains the names of persons registered in respect of the ownership of any property in the parish shall be deemed to form part of the parliamentary register of electors for the parish within the meaning of this section.

(3d The lists and register of electors in any parish shall be framed in parts for wards of urban districts and parishes in such manner that they may be conveniently used as lists for polling at elections for any such wards.

(4.) Nothing in any Act shall prevent a person, if duly qualified, from being registered in more than one register of parochial electors.

(5.) Where in that portion of the parliamentary register of electors which relates to a parish a person is entered to vote in a polling district other than the district comprising the parish, such person shall be entitled to vote as a parochial elector for that parish, and in addition to an asterisk there shall be placed against his name a number consecutive with the other numbers in the list.

(6.) Where the revising barrister in any list of voters for a parish would —

(«) in pursuance of section seven of the County Electors Act, 51 Vict. c. lo. 1888, place an asterisk or other mark against the name of any person; or

(b) in pursuance of section four of the Registration Act 18135, erase the name of any person otherwise than by reason of that name appearing more than once in the lists for the same parish; or

(c) in pursuance of section twenty-eight of the Parliamentary' 41 & 42 Vict. and Municipal Registration Ac% 1878, as amended by section c. 26.

five of the Registration Act, 1885, place against the name of a 48 & 49 Vict. person a note to the effect that such person is not entitled to c*15-vote in respect of the qualification contained in the list, the revising barrister shall, instead of placing that mark or note, or erasing the name, place against the name, if the person is entitled to vote in respect of that entry as a county elector or burgess, a mark signifying that his name should be printed in division three of the list, or if he is entitled to vote only as a parochial elector, a mark signifying that he is entitled to be registered as a parochial elector, and the name so marked shall

C c

m

Ch. 73.

Local Government Act, 1894. 56 & 57 Vict.

Part IV.

Supplemental provisions as to parish meetings.

not be printed in the parliamentary register of electors, but shall be printed, as the case requires, either in division three of the local government register of electors, or in a separate list of parochial electors.

(7.) Where the name of a person is entered both in the ownership list and in the occupation list of voters in the same parish, and the revising barrister places against that name a mark or note signifying that the name should be printed in division three of the lists, an asterisk or other mark shall be there printed against the name, and such person shall not be entitled to vote as a parochial elector in respect of that entry.

(8.) Such separate list shall form part of the register of parochial electors of the parish, and shall be printed at the end of the other lists of electors for the parish, and the names shall be numbered consecutively with the other names on those lists, and the law relating to the register of electors shall, with the necessary modifications, apply accordingly, and the lists shall, for the purposes of this Act, be deemed to be part of such register.

(9.) Any person may claim for the purpose of having his name entered in the parochial electors list, and the law relating to claims to be entered in lists of voters shall apply.

(10.) The clerk of the county council or town clerk, as the case may be, shall, in printing the lists returned to him by the revising barrister, do everything that is necessary for carrying into effect the provisions of this section with respect to the persons whose names are marked by the revising barrister in pursuance of this section.

45. — (1.) Subject to the provisions of this Act, parish meetings shall be held on such days and at such times and places as may be fixed by the parish council, or, if there is no parish council, by the chairman of the parish meeting.

(2.) If the chairman of the parish council is present at a parish meeting and is not a candidate for election at the meeting, he shall, save as otherwise provided by this Act, be the chairman of the meeting.

(3.) The chairman of the parish council, or any two parish councillors, or the chairman of the parish meeting, or any six parochial electors, may at any time convene a parish meeting.

Disqualifications for

46. — (1.) A person shall be disqualified for being elected or being a member or chairman of a council of a parish or of a district other d??ct°council. than a borough or of a board of guardians if he —

(a) is an infant or an alien; or

(b) has within twelve months before his election, or since his election, received union or parochial relief; or

(c) has, within five years before his election or since his election, been convicted either on indictment or summarily of any crime, and sentenced to imprisonment with hard labour without the option of a fine, or to any greater punishment, and has not received a free pardon, or has, within or during the time aforesaid, been adjudged bankrupt, or made a composition or arrangement with his creditors; or

1894.

Local Government Act, 1894. Ch. 73.

4M

(d)holds any paid office under the parish council or district

council or board of guardians, as the case may be; or

(e) is concerned in any bargain or contract entered into with the council or board, or participates in the profit of any such bargain or contract or of any work done under the authority of the council or board.

(2.) Provided that a person shall not' be disqualified for being elected or being a member or chairman of any such council or board by reason of being interested —

(a) in the sale or lease of any lands or in any loan of money to the council or board, or in any contract with the council for the supply from land, of which he is owner or occupier, of stone, gravel, or other materials for making or repairing highways or bridges, or in the transport of materials for the repair of roads or bridges in his own immediate neighbourhood; or

(b) in any newspaper in which any advertisement relating to the affairs of the council or board is inserted; or

(c) in any contract with the council or board as a shareholder in any joint stock company; but he shall not vote at any meeting of the council or board on any question in which such company are interested, except that in the case of a water company or other company established for the carrying on of works of a like public nature, this prohibition may be dispensed with by the county council.

(3.) Where a person who is a parish councillor, or is a candidate for election as a parish councillor, is concerned in any such bargain or contract, or participates in any such profit, as would disqualify him for being a parish councillor, the disqualification may be removed by the county council if they are of opinion that such removal will be beneficial to the parish.

(4.) Where a person is disqualified by being adjudged bankrupt or making a composition or arrangement with his creditors, the disqualification shall cease, in case of bankruptcy, when the adjudication is annulled, or when he obtains his discharge with a certificate that his bankruptcy was caused by misfortune without any misconduct on his part, and, in case of composition or arrangement, on payment of his debts in full.

(5.) A person disqualified for being a guardian shall also be disqualified for being a rural district councillor.

(6.) If a member of a council of a parish, or of a district other than a borough, or of a board of guardians, is absent from meetings of the council or board for more than six months consecutively, except in case of illness or for some reason approved by the council or board, his office shall on the expiration of those months become vacant.

(7.) Where a member of a council or board of guardians becomes disqualified for holding office, or vacates his seat for absence, the council or board shall forthwith declare the office to be vacant, and signify the same by notice signed by three members and countersigned by the clerk of the council or board, and notified in such

Part IV.

A

404

Ch. 73.

Local Government Act, 1894. 56 & 57 Vict-

Part IV.

Supplemental provisions as to parish councils.

Supplemental provisions as to elections, polls, and tenure of office.

manner as the council or board direct, and the office shall thereupon become vacant.

(8.) If any person acts when disqualified, or votes when prohibited under this section, he shall for each offence be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

(9.) This section shall apply in the case of any authority whose members are elected in accordance with this Act in like manner as if that authority were a district council, and in the case of London auditors as if they were members of a district council.

47. — (1.) If at the annual election of parish councillors any vacancies are not filled by election, such number of the retiring councillors as are not re-elected, and are required to fill the vacancies, shall, if willing, continue to hold office. The councillors so to continue shall be those who were highest on the poll at the previous election, or if the numbers were equal or there was no poll, as may be determined by the parish meeting, or if not so determined, by the chairman of the parish council.

(2.) A retiring parish councillor or chairman of a parish council or parish meeting shall be re-eligible.

(3.) A parish councillor may, by notice in writing to the chairman of the council, resign his office, and a chairman of a parish council or parish meeting may resign his chairmanship by notice in writing to the council or meeting.

(4.) A casual vacancy among parish councillors or in the office of chairman of the council shall be filled by the parish council, and where there is no parish council, a casual vacancy in the office of chairman of the parish meeting shall be filled by the parish meeting, and the person elected shall retire from office at the time when the vacating councillor or chairman would have retired.

(5.) If any parish council become unable to act by reason of a want of councillors, whether from failure to elect or otherwise, the county council may order a new election, and may by order make such provision as seems expedient for authorising any person to act temporarily in the place of the parish council and of the chairman thereof. 48

48. — (1.) The election of a parish councillor shall be at a parish meeting, or at a poll consequent thereon.

(2.) Rules framed under this Act by the Local Government Board in relation to elections shall, notwithstanding anything in any other Act, have effect as if enacted in this Act, and shall provide, amongst other things —

(i.) for every candidate being nominated in writing by two parochial electors as proposer and seconder and no more;

(ii.) for preventing an elector at an election for a union or for a district not a borough from subscribing a nomination paper or voting in more than one parish or other area in the union or district;

(iii.) for preventing an elector at an election for a parish divided into parish wards from subscribing a nomination paper or voting for more than one

1894.

Local Government Act, 1894. Ch. 73.

405

(iv.) fur fixing or enabling the county council to fix the day of Part rv.

the poll and the hours during which the poll is to be kept -

open, so, however, that the poll shall always be open between the hours of six and eight in the evening;

(v.) for the polls at elections held at the same date and in the same area being taken together, except where this is impracticable;

(vi.) for the appointment of returning officers for the elections.

(3.) At every election regulated by rules framed under this Act, the poll shall be taken by ballot, and the Ballot Act, 1872, and the 85 & 36 Vict. Municipal Elections (Corrupt and Illegal Practices) Act, 1884, and J‘73£‘48 Vict sections seventy-four and seventy-five and Part IV. of the Municipal c. 70. Corporations Act, 1882, as amended by the last-mentioned Act 45 & 46 Vict. (including the penal provisions of those Acts) shall, subject to c-50* adaptations, alterations, and exceptions made by such rules, apply in like manner as in the case of a municipal election. Provided that —

(a) section six of the Ballot Act, 1872, shall apply in the case of such elections, and the returning officer may, in addition to using the schools and public rooms therein referred to free of charge, for taking the poll, use the same, free of charge, for hearing objections to nomination papers and for counting votes; and

(b) section thirty-seven of the Municipal Elections (Corrupt and Illegal Practices) Act, 1884, shall apply as if the election were an election mentioned in the First Schedule to that Act.

(4.) The provisions of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, and the enactments amending the same, with respect to the expenses of elections of councillors of a borough, and to the acceptance of office, resignation, re-eligibility of holders of office, and the filling of casual vacancies, and section fifty-six of that Act, shall, subject to the adaptations, alterations, and exceptions made by the said rules, apply in the c ise of guardians and of district councillors of a county district not a borough, and of members of the local board of Woolwich, and of a vestry under the Metropolis Management Acts, 1855 to 1890, and any Act amending the same.

Provided that —

(a) the provisions as to resignation shall not apply to guardians, and district councillors of a rural district shall be in the same position with respect to resignation as members of a board of guardians; and

(b) nothing in the enactments applied by this section shall authorise or require a returning officer to hold an election to fill a casual vacancy which occurs within six months before the ordinary day of retirement from the office in which the vacancy occurs, and the vacancy shall be filled at the next ordinary election; and

(c) the rules may provide for the incidence of the charge for the expenses of the elections of guardians leing the same as heretofore.

(5.) If any difficulty arises as respects the election of any individual c , uncillor or guardian, or member of any such local board or vestry as aforesaid, or auditor, and th-p is no provision

OOQit

Ch. 73.

Local Government, 1894.

56 & 57 Vict.

Part IV.

Provision as to parish meeting for part of parish.

Supplemental provisions as to overseers.

Public notices.

for bolding another election, the county council may order a new election to be held and give such directions as may be necessary for the purpose of holding the election.

(6.) Any ballot boxes, fittings, and compartments provided by or belonging to any public authority, for any election (whether parliamentary, county council, municipal, school board, or other), shall, on request, and if not required for immediate use by the said authority, be lent to the returning officer for an election under this Act, upon such conditions and either free of charge or, except in the prescribed cases, for such reasonable charge as may be prescribed.

(7.) The expenses of any election under this Act shall not exceed the scale fixed by the county council, and if at the beginning of one month before the first election under this Act a county council have not framed any such scale for their county, the Local Government Board may frame a scale for the county, and the scale so framed shall apply to the first election, and shall have effect as if it had been made by the county council, but shall not be alterable until after the first election.

(8.) This section shall, subject to any adaptations made by the said rules, apply in the case of every poll consequent on a parish meeting, as if it were a poll for the election of parish councillors.

49. Where a parish meeting is required or authorised in pursuance of this Act to be held for a tvard or other part of a parish, then —

(a) the persons entitled to attend and vote at the meeting, or at any poll consequent thereon, shall be the parochial electors registered in respect of qualifications in that ward or part; and

(b) the provisions of this Act with respect to parish meetings for the whole of a parish, including the provisions with respect to the convening of a parish meeting by parochial electors, shall apply as if the ward or part were the whole parish. 50 51 *

50. If, in the case of a rural parish or of any urban parish in respect to which the power of appointing overseers has been transferred under this Act, notice in the prescribed form of the appointment of overseers is not received by the guardians of the poor law union comprising the parish within three weeks after the fifteenth day of April, or after the occurrence of a vacancy in the office of overseer, as the case may be, the guardians shall make the appointment or fill the vacancy, and any overseer appointed by the guardians shall supersede any overseer previously appointed whose appointment has not been notified. Any such notice shall be admissible as evidence that the appointment has been duly made.

Parish and District Councils.

51. A public notice given by a parish council for the purposes of this Act, or otherwise for the execution of their duties, and a public notice of a parish meeting, shall be given in the manner

i h.

1894.

Local Oovtmment Act, 1894.

Cff. 73.

407

required for giving notice of vestry meetings, and by posting the Part iv. notice in some conspicuous place or places within the parish, and in such other manner (if any) as appears to the council or to the persons convening the meeting desirable for giving publicity to the notice.

52. — (1.) Any power which may be exercised and any consent Supplemental which may be given by the owners and ratepayers of a parish or by fransfer^f*810 the majority of them under any of the Acts relating to the relief powers.

of the poor or under the School Sites Acts or the Literary and & 18 Vict. Scientific Institutions Act, 1854, so far as respects the dealing with c‘ ua* parish property or the spending of money or raising of a rate may, in the case of a rural parish, be exercised or given by the parish meeting of the parish.

(2.) In a rural parish the power of making an application or passing a resolution given by section twelve of the Elementary 33 & 84 Vict. Education Act, 1870, and by section forty-one of the Elementary vict

Education Act, 1876, to the electing body mentioned in the former <*.79. section shall be transferred to the parish meeting of the parish, and shall in cases under the latter section be exerciseable by the like majority of the parish meeting, and, if a poll is taken, of the parochial electors, as is required by that section in the case of the said electing body, and rule two of the Second Part of the Second Schedule to the former Act with respect to the passing of such resolutions shall not apply.

(3.) The consent of justices shall not be required for the sale of land belonging to a parish which has been used for materials for the repair of highways or for the purchase of land with the proceeds of any such sale.

(4.) Where the legal estate in any property is vested in the churchwardens and overseers of any parish by virtue of the Poor Relief Act, 1819, nothing in the Charitable Trusts Acts, 1853 to 59 Geo. III. 1891, shall be deemed to require the consent of such churchwardens c-12-and overseers in their capacity as a corporation under that Act, or of the parish council as their successors, to a vesting order under those Acts dealing with the said legal estate. Provided that nothing in this section shall affect any rights, powers, or duties of the churchwardens and overseers or the parish council, in cases where they have active powers of management.

(5.) All enactments in any Act, whether general or local and personal, relating to any powers, duties, or liabilities transferred by this Act to a parish council or parish meeting from justices or the vestry or overseers or churchwardens and overseers shall, subject to the provisions of this Act and so far as circumstances admit, be construed as if any reference therein to justices or to the vestry, or to the overseers, or to the churchwardens and overseers, referred to the parish council or parish meeting as the case requires, and the said enactments shall be construed with such modifications as may be necessary for carrying this Act into effect. 53

53. — (1.) Where on the appointed day any of the adoptive Acts Supplemental is in force in a part only of a rural parish, the existing authority

under the Act, or the parish meeting for that part, may transfer the Acts. P

408

Ch. 73.

Local Government Act, 1894. 56 & 57 Vict.

Part IV.

Effect on parish council of constitution of urban district.

powers, duties, and liabilities of the authority to the parish council, subject to any conditions with respect to the execution thereof by means of a committee as to the authority or parish meeting may seem fit, and any such conditions may be altered by any such parish meeting.

(2.) If the area on the appointed day under any authority under any of the adoptive Acts will not after that day be comprised within one rural parish, the powers and duties of the authority shall be transferred to the parish councils of the rural parishes wholly or partly comprised in that area, or, if the area is partly comprised in an urban district, to those parish councils and the district council of the urban district, and shall, until other provision is made in pursuance of this Act, be exercised by a joint committee appointed by those councils. Where any such rural parish has not a parish council the parish meeting shall, for the purposes of this provision, be substituted for the parish council.

(3.) The property, debts, and liabilities of any authority under any of the adoptive Acts whose powers are transferred in pursuance of this Act shall continue to be the property, debts, and liabilities of the area of that authority, and the proceeds of the property shall be credited, and the debts and liabilities and the expenses incurred in respect of the said powers, duties, and liabilities, shall be charged te the account of the rates or contributions levied in that area, and where that area is situate in more than one parish the sums credited to and paid by each parish shall be apportioned in such manner as to give effect to this enactment.

(4.) The county council on the application of a parish council may, by order, alter the boundaries of any such area if they consider that the alteration can properly be made without any undue alteration of the incidence of liability to rates and contributions or of the right to property belonging to the area, regard being had to any corresponding advantage to persons subject to the liability or entitled to the right.

54. — (1.) Where a new borough is created, or any other new urban district is constituted, or the area of an urban district is extended, then —

(a) as respects any rural parish or part of a rural parish which will be comprised in the borough or urban district, provision shall be made, either by the constitution of a new parish or by the annexation of the parish or parts thereof to another parish or parishes, or otherwise, for the appointment of overseers and for placing the parish or part in the same position as other parishes in the borough or district, and

(b) as respects any parish or part which remains rural, provision shall be made for the constitution of a new parish council for the same, or for the annexation of the parish or part to some other parish or parishes, or otherwise for the government of the parish or part, and

(c) provision shall also where necessary be made for the adjustment of any property, debts, and liabilities affected by the said creation, constitution, or extension.

1894.

Local Government Act, 1894. Ch. 73.

409

(2.) The provision aforesaid shall be made — pabt iv.

(a.) Where a new borough is created, by a scheme under section

two hundred and thirteen of the Municipal Corporations Act, 45 46 Vict* 1882;

(b.) Where any other new urban district is constituted, by an order of the county council under section fifty-seven of the Local Government Act, 1838; 51 & 52 Vict.

(c.) Where the area of an urban district is extended, by an c* 41 order of the Local Government Board under section fifty-four, or of the county council under section fifty-seven, as the case may be, of the Local Government Act, 1888.

(3.) Where the area of an urban district is diminished this section shall apply with the necessary modifications.

55. — (1.) Where a parish is divided or united or grouped with Power to another parish by an order in pursuance of this Act each new ^ajjg^name parish or group so formed shall bear such name as the order directs. or parish.

(2.) Where a parish is divided by this Act, each parish so formed shall bear such name as the county council direct.

(3.) Any district council may, with the sanction of the county council, change their name and the name of their district.

(4.) Every change of name made in pursuance of this section shall be published in such manner as the authority authorising the change may direct, and shall be notified to the Local Government Board.

(5.) Any such change of name shall not affect any rights or obligations of any parish, district, council, authority, or person, or render defective any legal proceedings, and any legal proceedings may be continued or commenced as if there were no change of name.

56. — (1.) A parish or district council may appoint committees, Committees consisting either wholly or partly of members of the council, for of parish the exercise of any powers which, in the opinion of the council,

can be properly exercised by committees, but a committee shall not hold office beyond the next annual meeting of the council, and the acts of every such committee .-hall be submitted to the council for their approval.

Provided that where a committee is appointed by any district council for any of the purposes of the Public Health Acts or Highway Acts, the council may authorise the committee to institute any proceeding or do any act which the council might have instituted or done for that purpose other than the raising of any loan or the making of any rate or contract.

(2.) Where a parish council have any powers and duties which are to be ex< rcised in a part only of the parish, or in relation to a recreation ground, building, or property held for the benefit of a part of a parish, and the part has a defined boundary, the parish council shall, if required by a parish meeting held for that part, appoint annually to exercise such powers and duties a committee consisting partly of members of the council and partly of other persons representing the said part of the parish.

(3.) With respect to committees of parish and district councils the provisions in the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect.

(4.) This section shall not apply to the counci^d^j^igh.

Ch. 73.

Local Government Act, 1894. 56 & 57 Vict.

Part IV.

Joint committees.

57. — (1.) A parish or district council may concur with any other parish or district councilor councils in appointing out of their respective bodies a joint committee for any purpose in respect of which they are jointly interested, and in conferring, with or without conditions or restrictions, on any such committee any powers which the appointing council might exercise if the purpose related exclusively to their own parish or district.

(2.) Provided that a council shall not delegate to any such committee any power to borrow money or make any rate.

(3.) A joint committee appointed under this section shall not hold office beyond the expiration of fourteen days after the next annual meeting of any of the councils who appointed it.

(4.) The costs of a joint committee under this section shall be defrayed by the councils by whom it is appointed in such proportions as they may agree upon, or as may be determined in case of difference by the county council.

(5.) Where a parish council can under this Act be required to appoint a committee consisting partly of members of the council and partly of other persons, that requirement may also be made in the case of a joint committee, and shall be duly complied with by the parish councils concerned at the time of the appointment of such committee.

Audit of 58. — (1.) The accounts of the receipts and payments of parish

dSSctand and councils; and of parish meetings for parishes not having

parish councils parish councils, and their committees and officers, shall be made up and inspection, yearly to the thirty-first day of March, or in the case of accounts which are required to be audited half-yearly, then half-yearly to the thirtieth day of September and the thirty-first day of March in each year, and in such form as the Local Government Board prescribe.

(2.) The said accounts shall, except in the case of accounts audited by the auditors of a borough, (but inclusive of the accounts of a joint committee appointed by a borough council with another council not being a borough council,) be audited by a district auditor, and the enactments relating to audit by district auditors of accounts of urban sanitary authorities and their officers, and to all matters incidental thereto and consequential thereon, shall apply accordingly, except that in the case of the accounts of rural district councils, their committees and officers, the audit shall be half-yearly instead of yearly.

(3.) The Local Government Board may, with respect to any audit to which this section applies, make rules modifying the enactments as to publication of notice of the audit and of the abstract of accounts and the report of the auditor.

(4.) Every parochial elector of a rural parish may, at all reasonable times, without payment, inspect and take copies of and extracts from all books, accounts, and documents belonging to or under the control of the parish council of the parish or parish meeting.

(5.) Every parochial elector of a parish in a rural district may, at all reasonable times, without payment, inspect and take copies

1894. Local Government, 1894. Ch. 73.

of and extracts from all hooks, accounts, and documents belonging to or under the control of the district council of the district.

59. — (1.) Section one hundred and ninety-nine and Schedule I. of the Public Health Act, 1875, so far as that schedule is unrepealed (which relate to the meetings of urban authorities, and to the meetings and proceedings of local boards), shall apply in the case of every urban district council other than a borough council and of every rural district council and board of guardians, as if such district council or board were a local board, except that the chairman of the council or board may be elected from outside the councillors or guardians.

(2.) Any urban district council other than a borough council, and any rural district council and board of guardians may, if they think fit, appoint a vice-chairman to hold office during the term of office of the chairman, and the vice-chairman shall, in the absence or during the inability of the chairman, have the powers and authority of the chairman.

(3,) Any rural district council shall be entitled to use for the purpose of their meetings and proceedings the board room and offices of any board of guardians for the union comprising their district at all reasonable hours, and if any question arises as to what hours are reasonable it may be determined by the Local Government Board.

(4.) Nothing in this section shall affect any powers of the Local Government Board with respect to the proceedings of guardians.

(5.) If any district council, other than a borough council, become unable to act, whether from failure to elect or otherwise, the county council of the county in which the district is situate may order elections to be held and may appoint persons to form the district council until the newly elected members come into office.

(6.) Nothing in this Act shall affect any powers of the Secretary of State under the Public Health Supplemental Act for Aldershot, 1857, or the position of persons nominated under those powers.

Miscellaneous.

60. — (1.) The council of each county may, from time to time, by order, fix or alter the number of guardians or rural district councillors to be elected for each parish within their county, and for those purposes may exercise powers of adding parishes to each other and dividing parishes into wards, similar to those which by the Acts relating to the relief of the poor are, for the purpose of the election of guardians, vested in the Local Government Board.

(2.) The council of each county may for the purpose of regulating the retirement of guardians or rural district councillors, in cases where they retire by thirds, and in order that as nearly as may be one third of the persons elected as guardians for the union, and one third of the persons elected as rural district councillors for the district, shall retire in each year, direct in which year or years of each triennial period the guardians or district councillors for each parish, ward, or other area in the union or rural district shall retire.

411

Fabt IV.

Supplemental provisions as to district councils.

38 & 89 Vict. c. 55.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 22.

Supplemental provisions as to guardians.

Part IV.

Place of meeting of parish or district council or board of guardians. Permissive transfer to urban district council of powers of other authorities.

Provisions as

to county

council

acquiring

powers of

district

council.

Ch. 73. Local Government Act, 1894. 56 & 57 Vict.

(3.) Where a poor law union is situate in more than one county, the power under this section of fixing or altering the number of guardians or rural district councilors, and of regulating the retirement of guardians and of district councillors, shall be exercised by a joint committee of the councils of the counties concerned, but if any of those councils do not, within two months after request from any other of them, appoint members of such joint committee, the members of the committee actually appointed shall act as the joint committee.

Provided that if any order under this subsection is, within six weeks after the making thereof, objected to by any of the county councils concerned, or by any committee of any of those councils authorised in that behalf, it shall be of no effect until confirmed by the Local Government Board.

(4.) Where under any local and personal Act guardians of a poor law union are elected for districts, whether called by that name or not, the provisions of this Act with respect to the election of guardians shall apply as if each of the districts were a parish.

(5.) The board of guardians of a union elected in pursuance of this Act shall, save as otherwise provided by an order of the Local Government Board, made on the application of those guardians, have the same powers and duties under any local and personal Act as the existing board of guardians.

(6.) Nothing in this Act shall alter the constitution of the corporation of the guardians of the poor within the city of Oxford, or the election or qualification of the members thereof, except those members who are elected by the ratepayers of parishes.

61. No parish meeting or meeting of a parish council, or of a district council, or of a board of guardians shall be held in premises licensed for the sale of intoxicating liquor, except in cases where no other suitable room is available for such meetirg either free of charge or at a reasonable cost

62. — (1.) Where there is in any urban district, or part of an urban district, any authority constituted under any of the adoptive Acts, the council of that district may resolve that the powers, duties, property, debts, and liabilities of that authority shall be transferred to the council as from the date specified in the resolution, and upon that date the same shall be transferred accordingly, and the authority shall cease to exist, and the council shall be the successors of that authority.

(2.) After the appointed day any of the adoptive Acts shall not be adopted for any part of an urban district without the approval of the council of that district.

63. — (1.) Where the powers of a district council are by virtue of a resolution under this Act transferred to a county council, the following provisions shall have effect: —

(a.) Notice of the resolution of the county council by virtue of which the transfer is made shall be forthwith sent to the district council and to the Local Government Board:

(b.) The expenses incurred by the county council shall be a debt from the district council to the county council, and shall be defrayed as part of the expenses of the district council in the

1894.

Local Government, 1894. Ch. 73.

413

execution of the Public Health Acts, and the district council Part IV'.

shall have the like power of raising the money as for the *"

defraying of those expenses:

(c.) The county council for the purpose of the powers transferred may on behalf of the district council borrow subject to the like conditions, in the like manner, and on the security of the like fund or rate, as the district council might have borrowed for the purpose of those powers:

(d.)The county council may charge the said fund or rate with the payment of the principal and interest of the loan, and the loan with the interest thereon shall be paid by the district council in like manner, and the charge shall have the like effect, as if the loan were lawfully raised and charged on that fund or rate by the district council:

(e.) The county council shall keep separate accounts of all receipts and expenditure in respect of the said powers:

(/.) The county council may by order vest in the district council all or any of the powers, duties, property, debts, and liabilities of the county council in relation to any of the said powers, and the property, debts, and liabilities so vested shall be deemed to have been acquired or incurred by the district council for the purpose of those powers.

(2.) Where a rural district is situate in two or more counties a parish council complaining under this Act may complain to the county council of the county in which the parish is situate, and if the subject-matter of the complaint affects any other county the complaint shall be referred to a joint committee of the councils of the counties concerned, and any question arising as to the constitution of such joint committee shall be determined by the Local Government Board, and if any members of the joint committee are not appointed, the members who are actually appointed shall act as the joint committee.

64. A county council may employ a district council as their to act agents in the transaction of any administrative business on matters trict^uncF. arising in, or affecting the interests of, its own district.

65. Where any improvement commission affected by this Act Saving for have any powers, duties, property, debts, or liabilities in respect of

any harbour, the improvement commission shall continue to exist 1 and be elected for the purpose thereof, and shall continue as a separate body, as if this Act had not passed, and the property, debts, and liabilities shall be apportioned between the district council for the district and the commission so continuing, and the adjustment arising out of the apportionment shall be determined in manner provided by this Act.

66. Nothing in this Act shall affect the trusteeship, management, Saving for

or control of any elementary school. Mhoo?

67. WThere any powers and duties are transferred by this Act Transfer of

from one authority to another authority — property ami

(1.) All property held by the first authority for the purpose or Jabiiit?esd by virtue of such powers and duties shall jMjg^-jgjl^est in

Ch. 73.

Local GoveruTnent Act, 1894, 56 & 57 Vict.

Part IV. the other authority, subject to all debts and liabilities affecting

---- the same; and

(2.) The latter authority shall hold the same for the estate, interest, and purposes, and subject to the covenants, conditions, and restrictions for and subject to which the property would have been held if this Act had not passed, so far as the same are not modified by or in pursuance of this Act; and (3.) All debts and liabilities of the first authority incurred by virtue of such powers and duties shall become debts and liabilities of the latter authority, and be defrayed out of the like property and funds out of which they would have been defrayed if this Act had not passed.

Adjustment of property and liabilities.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 49.

68. — (1.) Where any adjustment is required for the purpose of this Act, or of any order, or thing made or done under this Act, then, if the adjustment is not otherwise made, the authorities interested may make agreements for the purpose, and may thereby adjust any property, income, debts, liabilities, and expenses, so far as affected by this Act, or such scheme, order, or thing, of the parties to the agreement.

(2.) The agreement may provide for the transfer or retention of any property, debts, or liabilities, with or without any conditions, and for the joint use of any property, and for payment by either party to the agreement in respect of property, debts, and liabilities so transferred or retained, or of such joint user, and in respect of the salary or remuneration of any officer or person, and that either by way of an annual payment or, except in the case of a salary or remuneration, by way of a capital sum, or of a terminable annuity for a period not exceeding that allowed by the Local Government Board: Provided that where any of the authorities interested is a board of guardians, any such agreement, so far as it relates to the joint use of any property, shall be subject to the approval of the Local Government Board.

(3.) In default of an agreement, and as far as any such agreement does not extend, such adjustment shall be referred to arbitration in accordance with the Arbitration Act, 1889, and the arbitrator shall have power to disallow as costs in the arbitration the costs of any witness whom he considers to have been called unnecessarily, and any other costs which he considers to have been incurred unnecessarily, and his award may provide for any matter for which an agreement might have provided.

(4.) Any sum required to be paid by any authority for the purpose of adjustment may be paid as part of the general expenses of exercising their duties under this Act, or out of such special fund as the authority, with the approval of the Local Government Board, direct, and if it is a capital sum the payment thereof shall be a purpose for which the authority may borrow under the Acts relating to such authority, on the security of all or any of the funds, rates, and revenues of the authority, and any such sum may be borrowed without the consent of any authority, so that it be repaid within such period as the Local Government Board may sanction.

1894.

Local Government Act, 1894. Ch. 73.

415

(5.) Any capital sum paid to any authority for the purpose of Paut iv-any adjustment under this Act shall be treated as capital, and applied with the sanction of the Local Government Board, either in the repayment of debt or for any other purpose for which capital money may be applied.

69. Where an alteration of any area is made by this Act, an Power to deal order for any of the matters mentioned in section fifty-nine of the

Local Government Act, 1888, may, if it appears to the county Stel^on of council desirable, be made by the county council, or, in the case boundaries, of an area situate in more than one county, by a joint committee of county councils, but nothing in this section shall empower a county council or joint committee to alter the boundaries of a county.

70. — (1.) If any question arises, or is about to arise, as to whether Summary any power, duty, or liability is or is not transferred by or under this A.ct to any parish council, parish meeting, or district council, of questions as or any property is or is not vested in the parish council, or in the to transfer chairman and overseers of a rural parish, or in a district council, of Power8* that question, without prejudice to any other mode of trying it, may, on the application of the council, meeting, or other local authority concerned, be submitted for decision to the High Court in such summary manner as, subject to any rules of court, may be directed by the Court; and the Court, after hearing such parties and taking such evidence (if any) as it thinks just, shall decide the question.

(2.) If any question arises or is about to arise under this Act as to the appointment of the trustees w beneficiaries of any charity, or as to the persons in whom the property of any charity is vested, such question shall, at the request of any trustee, beneficiary, or other person interested, be determined in the first instance by the Charity Commissioners, subject to an appeal to the High Court brought within three months after such determination. Provided that an appeal to the High Court of Justice from any determination of the Charity Commissioners under this section may be presented only under the same conditions as are prescribed in the case of appeals to the High Court from orders made by the Charity Commissioners under the Charitable Trusts Acts, 1853 to 1891.

(3.) An appeal shall, with the leave of the High Court or Court of Appeal, but not otherwise, lie to the Court of Appeal against any decision under this section.

71. A copy of every order made by a county council or joint Supplemental committee in pursuance of this Act shall be sent to the Local provisions as Government Board, and, if it alters any local area or name, also counSi orders, to the Board of Agriculture.

72. — (1.) The expenses incurred by the Local Government Board Provisions as in respect of inquiries or other proceedings under this Act shall be Jnqdries paid by such authorities and persons and out of such funds and

rates as the Board may by order direct, and the Board may certify the amount of the expenses so incurred, and any sum so certified and directed by the Board to be paid by any authority or person shall be a debt from that authority or person to the Crown.

41G

Ch. 73.

Local Government Act, 1894. 56 & 57 Vict.

Part IV.

Provisioa as to Suudays and bank holidays.

Provisions as to Scilly Islands.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 41.

Construction of Act.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 41.

(2.) Such expenses may include the salary of any inspector or officer of the Board engaged in the inquiry or proceeding, not exceeding three guineas a day.

(3.) The Local Government Board and their inspectors shall have for the purposes of an inquiry in pursuance of this Act the same powers as they respectively have for the purpose of an inquiry under the Public Health Act, 1875.

(4.) Where a county council hold a local inquiry under this Act or under the Local Government Act, 1888, on the application of the council of a parish or district, or of any inhabitants of a parish or district, the expenses incurred by the county council in relation to the inquiry (including the expenses of any committee or person authorised by the county council) shall be paid by the council of that parish or district, or, in the case of a parish which has not a parish council, by the parish meeting; but, save as aforesaid, the expenses of the county council incurred in the case of inquiries under this Act shall be paid out of the county fund.

73. When the day on which any thing is required by or iu pursuance of th:- Act to be done is Sunday, Christmas Day, or Good Friday, or a bank holiday, that thing shall be done on the next following day, not being one of the days above mentioned.

74. This Act shall be deemed to be an Act touching local government within the meaning of section forty-nine of the Local Government Act, 1888, and a provisional order for the Scilly Islands may, on the application of the council of the Isles of Scilly, and after such public notice as appears to the Local Government Board sufficient for giving information to all persons interested, be made accordingly.

75. — (1.) The definition of "parish " in section one hundred of the Local Government Act, 1888, shall not apply to this Act, but, save as aforesaid, expressions used in this Act shall, unless the context otherwise requires, have the same meaning as in the said Act.

(2.) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires —

Any reference to population means the population according to the census of one thousand eight hundred and ninety-one.

The expression "parochial elector, " when used with reference to a parish in an urban district, or in the county of London or any county borough, means any person who would be a parochial elector of the parish if it were a rural parish.

The expression "election " includes both the nomination and the poll.

The expression "trustees " includes persons administering or managing any charity or recreation ground, or other property or thing in relation to which the word is used.

The expression "ecclesiastical charity " includes a charity, the endowment whereof is held for some one or more of the following purposes: —

(a) for any spiritual purpose which is a legal purpose; or

(b) for the benefit of any spiritual person or ecclesiastical officer as such; or

Local Government, 1894. Ch. 73.

417

(c) for use, if a building, as a church, chapel, mission room, or Sunday school, or otherwise by any particular church or denomination; or

(d) for the maintenance, repair, or improvement of any such building as aforesaid, or for the maintenance of divine service therein; or

(e) otherwise for the benefit of any particular church or denomination, or of any members thereof as such.

Provided that where any endowment of a charity, other than a building held for any of the purposes aforesaid, is held in part only for some of the purposes aforesaid, the charity, so far as that endowment is concerned, shall be an ecclesiastical charity within the meaning of this Act; and the Charity Commissioners shall, on appli&tion by any person interested, make such provision for the apportionment and management of that endowment as seems to them necessary or expedient for giving effect to this Act.

The expression shall also include any building which in the opinion of the Charity Commissioners has been erected or provided within forty years before the passing of this Act mainly by or at the cost of members of any particular church or denomination.

The expression "affairs of the church" shall include the distribution of offertories or other collections made in any church.

The expression "parochial charity" means a charity the benefits of which are or the separate distribution of the benefits of which is confined to inhabitants of a single parish, or of a single ancient ecclesiastical parish divided into two or more parishes, or of not more than five neighbouring parishes.

The expression "vestry" in relation to a parish means the inhabitants of the parish whether in vestry assembled or not, and includes any select vestry either by statute or at common law.

The expression "rateable value" means the rateable value stated in the valuation list in force, or, if there is no such list, in the last poor rate.

The expression "county " includes a county borough, and the expression "county council " includes the council of a county borough.

The expression "elementary school" means an elementary school within the meaning of the Elementary Education Act, 1870.

The expression "local and personal Act " includes a Provisional Order confirmed by an Act and the Act confirming the Order.

The expredion " prescribed " menus prescribed by order of the Local Government Board.

76. This Act shall not extend to Scotl- nd or Ireland.

77. This Act may be cited as the Local Government Act, 1894.

Part IV.

33 & Z4 Vict. c. 75.

[Short title.]

Extent of Act.

n a

418

Ch. 73.

Local Government Act, 1894. 56 & 57 Vict.

Part V.

First election b to parish councils.

First elections of guardians and district councils.

PART V.

Transitory Provisions.

78. — (1.) The overseers of each rural parish shall convene the first parish meeting of the parish at the time fixed by or under this Act for the first election of parish councillors, whether there is or is not a parish council for the parish, and for this purpose the overseers of a parish shall be deemed to be the overseers of every part of the parish.

(2.) The chairman of the parish meeting at which the fiist parish councillors are nominated, or in his default the clerk of the guardians, shall convene the first meeting of the parish council.

(3.) The first parish councillors and the first chairman of a parish meeting elected under this Act shall retire on the second ordinary day of coming into office of councillors which happens after their election.

79. — (1.) The existing boards of guardians and urban and rural sanitary authorities shall take the necessary measures for the conduct of the first elections of guardians and district councillors respectively under this Act, including any appointment of returning officers required by rules under this Act.

(2.) Where a parish is divided by this Act into two or more new parishes, then, subject to any order made by the county council, there shall be one guardian, and if it is in a rural district, one district councillor for each of such new parishes.

(3.) Of the guardians and urban and rural district councillors first elected under this Act, save as herein-after mentioned, one third as nearly as may be shall continue in office until the fifteenth day of April one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six, and shall then retire; and one third as nearly as may be shall continue in office until the fifteenth day of April one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven^ and shall then retire; and the remainder shall continue in office until the fifteenth day of April one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight, and shall then retire.

(4.) The guardians and rural district councillors to retire respectively on the fifteenth day of April one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six and on the fifteenth day of April one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven shall be the guardians and rural district councillors for such parishes, wards, or other areas, as may be determined by the county council for the purpose of the rotation.

(5.) Where guardians or rural district councillors retire together at the end of the triennial period, the guardians and district councillors first elected under this Act shall retire on the fifteenth day of April one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight.

(6.) Of the first urban district councillors elected under this Act, the third who are respectively to retire on the fifteenth day of April one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six and one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven shall be determined according to their place on the poll at the election, those that were lowest on the poll retiring first. If there was no poll, or if a question arises in consequence of an equality of votes between two or more

Local Government , 1894. Ch. 73.

419

councillors, the matter shall be determined by ballot conducted under the direction of the council.

(7.) In the case of an urban district divided into wards, the foregoing provisions with respect to retirement shall apply separately to each ward.

(8.) Upon the da}r on which the first guardians and urban or rural district councillors elected under this Act come into office, the persons who are then members of boards of guardians, and urban and rural sanitary authorities, shall cease to hold office, but until that day the persons who are at the passing of this Act guardians and members of urban sanitiiry authorities (for urban districts not being boroughs) and of highway boards shall continue in office notwithstanding any want of qualification, as if the term of office for which they were elected expired on that day, and, except for the purpose of filling casual vacancies or electing additional guardians, no further elections shall be held.

(9.) The first meeting of each district council elected under this Act shall be convened by the returning officer.

(10.) The foregoing provisions shall apply to the existing members and first members elected under this Act of the local board of Woolwich and of any vestry under the Metropolis Management Acts, 1855 to 1890, and any Act amending the same, and to the existing and first auditors elected under those Acts in like manner as if they were members of urban sanitary authorities or urban district councillors, as the case may require, except that the date of the annual election shall be substituted for the fifteenth day of April.

(11.) The overseers of any parish divided by this Act shall, until the first appointment of overseers next after the appointed day, continue in office as if they were overseers of each part of the said parish, which by reason of such division becomes a separate parish.

80. — (1.) If any difficulty arises with respect to the holding of the first parish meeting of a rural parish, or to the first election of parish or district councillors, or of guardians, or of members of the local board of Woolwich, or any vestry in the county of London, or of auditors in the county of London, or to the first meeting of a parish or district council, or board of guardians, or such local board or vestry as aforesaid, or if, from no election being held or an election being defective or otherwise, the first parish or district council, or board of guardians, or local board or vestry has not been properly constituted, or there are no auditors under the Metropolis Management Acts, 1855 to 1890, or an insufficient number, properly elected, the county council may by order make any appointment or do any thing which appears to them necessary or expedient for the proper holding of any such first meeting or election and properly constituting the parish or district council, board of guardians, local board, or vestry, or auditors, and may, if it appears to them necessary, direct the holding of a meeting or election, and fix the dates for any such meeting or election, but a parish shall, notwithstanding any such failure to constitute the parish council be deemed to be a parish having a parish the

J Part V.

Power of county council to remove difficulties.

420

Cir. 73.

Local Government Act, 1894.

56 & 57 Vict.

Part v. meaning of this Act. Any such order may modify the provisions of this Act, and the enactments applied by or rules framed under this Act so far as may appear to the county council necessary or expedient for carrying the order into effect.

(2.) The Local Government Board shall make regulations for expediting and simplifying the procedure under section fifty-seven of the Local Government Act, 1888, in all cases in the year one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four, for the purpose of bringing this Act into immediate operation, and such regulations may dispense with the final approval of an order by the county council in cases where the prescribed notice of the projiosed order has been given before it is made by the county council.

Existing 81. — (1.) Where the powers and duties of any authority other

officers. than justices are transferred by this Act to any parish or district

council, the officers of that authority shall bee me the officers of that c>uncil, and for the purposes of this section the body appointing a surveyor of highways shall be deemed to be a highway authority and any paid surveyor to be an officer of that body.

(2.) Where there is in a rural parish an existing vestry clerk 13 & 14 Vict. appointed under the Vestries Act, 1850, he shall become the clerk c-57 of the parish council, and if there is also an assistant overseer in

the parish, then, notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Act, that assistant overseer shall not, while such vestry clerk holds office, be the clerk of the parish council.

(3.) Any existing assistant overseer in a parish for which a parish council is elected shall, unless appointed by a board of guardians, become an officer of the parish council.

(4.) Every such officer, vestry cierk, and assistant overseer, as above in this section mentioned shall hold his office by the same tenure and upon the same terms and conditions as heretofore, and while performing the same dut:es shall receive not less salary or remuneration than heretofore.

(5.) Where a parish or rural sanitary district is divided by this Act, any officer for the parish or district so divided shall hold his office as such officer for each parish or district formed by the division, and his salary shall be borne by the respective parishes or districts in proportion to their rateable value at the commencement of the local financial year next after the passing of this Act.

(6.) So much of any enactment as authorises the appointment of assistant overseers by a board of guardians shall be repealed as from the appointed day.

(7.) Section one hundred and twenty of the Local Government *2 Vict. Act, 1888, which relates to compensation to existing officers, shall apply in the case of existing officers affected by this Act, whether officers above in this section mentioned or not, as if references in that section to the county council were references to the parish council, or the district council, or board of guardians or other authority whose officer the person affected is when the claim for compensation arises as the case may require. Provided that all expenses incurred by a district council in pursuance of this section shall be paid as general expenses of the council, and any expenses t incurred by a board of guardians in pursuance of this section

Load Government Act, 1894. Ch. 73.

421

shall be paid out of their common fund, and any expenses incurred by any other authority in pursuance of this section shall be paid out of the fund applicable to payment of the salary of the offices affected.

82. — (1.) Where before the appointed day the highway expenses were charged on a particular parish or other area and not on a district, the district council may determine that the highways in that parish or area shall be placed in proper repair before the expenses of repairing the same become a charge upon the district, and, failing such highways being placed in proper repair to the satisfaction of the district council, the district council may themselves place the highways in proper repair, and the expense incurred by them of placing those highways in proper repair shall be a separate charge on the parish or area, and any question which arises as to whether any such expenses are properly a separate charge on the parish or area shall be determined by the county council.

(2.) Where in pursuance of an order of a county council a parish continues to maintain its own highways after the appointed day, the highway expenses shall not be deemed to be expenses of the parish council or of the parish meeting within the meaning of this Act.

83. It shall b3 the duty of every county council to exercise all such of their powers as may be requisite for bringing this Act into full operation within their county as soon as may be after the passing thereof, and a county council may delegate their powers under this Act to a committee.

84. — (1.) The first elections under this Act shall be held on the eighth day of November next after the passing of this Act, or such later date or dates in the year one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four as the Local Government Board may fix.

(2.) The persons elected shall come into office on the second Thursday next after their election, or such other day not more than seven days earlier or later as may be fixed by or iu pursuance of the rules made under this Act in relation to their election.

(3.) Every division into wards or alteration of the boundaries of any parish or union or district which is to affect the first election shall, if it affects the parishes or parts for which the registers of parochial electors will be made, be made so far as practicable before the first day of July next after the passing of this Act, and any such division or alteration which after the appointed day may be made on application by the parish council or any parochial electors of any parish, may be made before the appointed day on application by the vestry or a like number of the ratepayers of the parish.

Provided that —

(a.) If any county council having any such division or alteration under consideration so direct, the lists of voters shall be framed in parts corresponding with such division or alteration so that the parts may serve either for the unaltered parish, union, or district, or for the same when divided or altered; and

(b.) If the county council making such division or alteration on or after the said day and on or before August

Part V.

Provision as to highways.

Duty of county council to bring Act into operation.

Appointed

day.

Ch. 73.

Local Government Act, 1894. 56 & 57 Vict.

Part V.

Current rates, &c.

one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four so direct, the clerk of the county council shall make such adjustment of the registers of parochial electors as the division or alteration may render necessary for enabling every parochial elector to vote at the first election in the ward, union, or district in which his qualification is situate, and in that case the said division or alteration shall be observed in the case of that election.

(4.) Subject as in this Act mentioned, " the appointed day " shall,

(a) for the purpose of elections and of parish meetings in parishes not having a parish council, be the day or respective days fixed for the first elections under this Act, or such prior day as may be necessary for the purpose of giving notices or doing other acts preliminary to such elections; and

(b) for the purpose of the powers, duties, and liabilities of councils or other bodies elected under this Act, or other matters not specifically mentioned, be the day on which the members of such councils or other bodies first elected under this Act come into office; and

(c) for the purpose of powers, duties, and liabilities transferred to a council of a borough by this Act, be the first day of November next after the passing of this Act; and the lists and registers of parochial electors shall be made out in such parts as may be necessary for the purpose of the first elections under this Act.

Provided that where an order of a county council postpones the operation of the section with respect to highways as respects their county or any part thereof the day on which such postponement ceases shall, as respects such county or part, be the appointed day, and the order of postponement shall make such provision as may be necessary for holding elections of highway boards during the interval before the appointed day.

85. — (1.) Every rate and precept for contributions made before the appointed day may be assessed, levied, and collected, and proceedings for the enforcement thereof taken, in like manner as nearly as may be as if this Act had not passed.

(2.) The accounts of all receipts and expenditure before the appointed day shall be audited, and disallowances, surcharges, and penalties recovered and enforced, and other consequential proceedings had, in like maimer as nearly as may be as if this Act had not passed, but as soon as practicable after the appointed day; and every authority, committee, or officer whose duty it is to make up any accounts, or to account for any portion of the receipts or expenditure in any account, shall, until the audit is completed, be deemed for the purpose of such audit to continue in office, and be bound to perform the same duties and render the same accounts and be subject to the same liabilities as before the appointed day.

(3.) All proceedings, legal and other, commenced before the ap» pointed day, may be carried on in like manner, as nearly as may be, as if this Act had not passed, and any such legal proceeding may be

1894. Local Government Act, 1894. Ch. 73.

amended in such manner as may appear necessary or proper in order to bring it into conformity with the provisions of this Act.

(4.) Every valuation list made for a parish divided by this Act shall continue in force until a new valuation list is made.

(5.) The change of name of an urban sanitary authority shall not affect their identity as a corporate body or derogate from their powers, and any enactment in any Act, whether imblic general or local and personal, referring to the members of such authority shall, unless inconsistent with this Act, continue to refer to the members of such authority under its new name.

80. — (1.) Nothing in this Act shall prejudicially affect any Saving for securities granted before the passing of this Act on the credit of exi8t"*9 any rate or property transferred to a council or parish meeting by discharge of this Act; and all such securities, as well as all unsecured debts, debts, liabilities, and obligations incurred by any authority in the exercise of any powers or in relation to any property transferred from them to a council or parish meeting shall be discharged, paid, and satisfied by that council or parish meeting, and where for that purpose it is necessary to continue the levy of any rate or the exercise of any power which would have existed but for this Act, that rate may continue to be levied and that power to be exercised either by the authority who otherwise would have levied or exercised the same, or by the transferee as the case may require.

(2.) It shall be the duty of every authority whose powers, duties, and liabilities are transferred by this Act to liquidate so far as practicable before the appointed day, all current debts and liabilities incurred by such, authority.

87. AH such byelaws, orders, and regulations of any authority. Saving for whose powers and duties are transferred by this Act to any council,

as are in force at the time of the transfer, shall, so far as they relate ye aw8‘ to or are in pursuance of the powers and duties transferred, continue in force as if made by that council, and may be revoked or altered accordingly.

88. — (1.) If at the time when any powers, duties, liabilities, debts, Saving for

or property are by this Act transferred to a council or parish &c

meeting, any action or proceeding, or any cause of action or pro- con c ceeding is pending or existing by or against any authority in relation

thereto the same shall not be in anywise prejudicially affected by the passing of this Act, but may be continued, prosecuted, and enforced by or against the council or parish meeting as successors of the said authority in like manner as if this Act had not been passed.

(2.) All contracts, deeds, bonds, agreements, and other instruments subsisting at the time of the transfer in this section mentioned, and affecting any of such powers, duties, liabilities, debts, or property, shall be of as full force and effect against or in favour of the council or parish meeting, and may be enforced as fully and effectually as if, instead of the authority, the council or parish meeting had been a party thereto.

89. The Acts specified in the Second Schedule to this Act are Repeal, hereby repealed as from the appointed day to the extent in the

423

Part V.

424

Ch. 73.

Local Government Act, 1894. 56 & 57 Vict.

Part V. third column of that schedule mentioned, and so much of any Act,

---- whether public general or local and personal, as is inconsistent

with this Act is also hereby repealed. Provided that where any wards of an urban district have been created, or any number of members of an urban sanitary authority fixed, by or in pursuance of any local and personal Act, such wards and number of members shall continue and be alterable in like manner.as if they had been fixed by an order of the county council under th:s or any other Act.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHF.DULE

Rules as to Parish Meetings, Parish Councils, and Committees.

Part One.

Section 2. Rules applicable to Parish Meetings.

(1.) TLe annual assembly of the parish meeting shall be held on the twenty-fifth day of March in each year, or within seven days before or after that day.

(2.) Not less than seven clear days before any parish meeting, public notice thereof shall be given specifying the time and place of the intended meeting and the business to be transacted at the meeting, and signed by the chairman of the parish council or other conveners of the meeting.

(3.) If the business relates to the establishment or dissolution of a parish council, or the grouping of a parish, or the adoption of any of the adoptive Acts, not less than fourteen days notice shall be given.

(4.) A parish meeting may discuss parish affairs and pa-s resolutions thereon.

(5.) Every question to le decided by a parish meeting shall, in the first instance, be decided by the majority^ those present and voting on the question, and the chairman shall announce his decision as to the result, and that decision shall be final, unless a poll is demanded.

(6.) A poll may be demanded at any time before the conclusion of a parish meeting.

(7.) A poll may be demanded by any one parochial elector in the case of a resolution respecting any of the following matters, namely:—

(a.) Any application, representation, or complaint to a county council or district council;

(b.) The appointment of a chairman for the year or of a committee, or the delegation of any powers or duties to a committee, or the approval of the acts of a committee;

(c.) The appointment of an overseer, the appointment or revocation of the appointment or dismissal of an assistant overseer or a parish officer;

(d.) The appointment of trustees or beneficiaries of a charity;

(e.) The adoption of any of the adoptive Acts;

(f.) The formation or dissolution of a school board; s (g.) The consent or refusal of consent to any act, matter, or thing which -

cannot by law be done without that consent j

1894.

Ch. 73.

425

Local Oovernmenf Act, 1894.

(A.) The incurring of any expense or liability;

(».) The place and time for the assembly of the parish meeting;

(A.) Any other prescribed matter; but, save as aforesaid, a poll shall not be taken unless either the chairman of the meeting assents, or the poll is demanded by parochial electors present at the meeting, not being less thar five in number or one third of those present, whichever number is least.

(8.) In case of an equal division of vot(at a parish meeting the chairman shall have a second or casting vote.

(9.) Where a parish meeting is held for the election of parish councillors, opportunity shall be given at the meeting for putting questions to such of the candidates as are present, and receiving explanations from them, and any candidate shall be entitled to attend the meeting and speak thereat, but, unless he is a parochial elector, not to vote.

(10.) If the chairman of the parish meeting is absent from or unwilling or unable to take the chair at any assembly of the parish meeting, the meeting may appoint a person to take the chair, and that person shall have, for the purpose of that meeting, the powers and authority of the chairman.

(11.) Any notice required to be given to or served on a parish meeting may be given to or served on the chairman of the parish meeting.

Part Two.

Rules applicable to Parish.

(1.) Every parish councillor shall, at the first meeting after his election, or if the council at the first meeting so permit, then at a later meeting fixed by the council, sign, in the presence of some member of the council, a declaration that he accepts the office, and if he does not sign such a declaration his office shall be void.

(2.) If any casual vacancy ari&es in the council, the council shall forthwith be convened for filling the vacancy.

(3.) The first business at the annual meeting shall be to elect a chairman and to appoint the overseers.

(4.) The chairman may at any time convene a meeting of the parish council. If the chairman refuses to convene a meeting of the council after a requisition for that purpose signed by two members of the council has been presented to him, any two members of the council may forthwith, on that refusal, convene a meeting. If the chairman (without so refusing) does not within seven days after such presentation, convene a meeting, any two members of the council may, on the expiration of those seven days, convene a meeting.

(5.) Three clear days at least before any meeting of a parish council notice thereof, specifying the time and place of the intended meeting and the business to be transacted at the meeting, and signed by or on behalf of the chairman of the parish council or persons convening the meeting, shall be given to every member of the parish council, and in case of the annual meeting notice specifying the like particulars shall be given to every member of the parish council immediately after his election.

(6.) Any notice required by law to be given to the chairman or any other member of the parish council may be left at or sent by post to the usual place of abode of such chairman or member.

(7.) No business shall be transacted at any meeting of a parish council unless at least one third of the full number of members are present thereat, subject to this qualification, that in no case shall the quorum be less than three.

Section 8.

426

Ch. 73.

Local Government Act, 1894. 56 & 57 Vict.

Sections 2, 8.

(8.) The names of the members present at any meeting of the parish council, as well as of those voting on each question on which a division is taken, shall be recorded, so as to show whether each vote given was for or against the question.

(9.) Every question at a meeting of a parish council shall be decided by a majority of votes of the members present and voting on that question.

(10.) In case of an equal division of votes the chairman of the meeting shall have a second or casting vote.

(11.) The parish council may, if they think fit, appoint one of their number to be vice-chairman, and the vice-chairman shall, in the absence or during the inability of the chairman, have the powers and authority of the chairman.

(12.) The proceedings of a parish council shall not be invalidated by any vacancy among their members, or by any defect in the election or qualification of any members thereof.

(13.) A parish council shall hold not less than four meetings in each year, of which one shall be the annual meeting and every such meeting shall be open to the public unless the council otherwise direct.

(14.) Every cheque or other order for payment of money by a parish council shall be signed by two members of the council.

(15.) Any notice required to be given to or served on a parish council may be given to or served on the clerk to the parish council.

(16.) The parish council may appear before any court or in any legal proceeding by their clerk or by any officer or member authorised generally or in respect of any special proceeding by resolution of the council, and their clerk or any member or officer shall, if so authorised, be at liberty to institute and carry on any proceeding which the parish council are authorised to institute and carry on.

Part Three. General.

(1.) Minutes of the proceedings of every parish council and parish meeting shall be kept in a book provided for that purpose.

(2.) A minute of proceedings at a meeting of a parish council, or of a committee of a parish or district council, or at a parish meeting, signed at the same or the next ensuing meeting by a person describing himself ns or appearing to be chairman of the meeting at which the minute is signed, shall be received in evidence without further proof.

(3.) Until the contrary is proved, every meeting in respect of the proceedings whereof a minute has been so made shall be deemed to have been duly convened and held, and all the members of the meeting shall be deemed to have been duly qualified; and where the proceedings are proceedings of a committee, the committee shall be deemed to have been duly constituted, and to have had power to deal with the mattere referred to in the minutes.

(4.) Any instrument purporting to be executed under the hands or under the hands and seals of the chairman and of two other members of a parish council or of a parish meeting shall, until the contrary is proved, be deemed to have been duly so executed.

(5.) Subject to the provisions of this Act, a parish council may make, vary, and revoke standing orders for the regulation of their proceedings and business, and of the proceedings and business at parish meetings for a

n, ra' Parish h#Vin* " Parish Council- Di^ed by

Local Government , 1894. Ch. 73.

427

(6.) Where there is no council for a rural parish, the parish meeting may, subject to the provisions of this Act, regulate their own proceedings and business.

Part Four.

Proceedings of Committees of Parish or District Councils.

(1.) The quorum, proceedings, and place of meeting of a committee, whether within or without the parish or district, and the area (if any) within which the committee are to exercise their authority, shall be such as may be determined by regulations of the council or councils appointing the committee.

(2.) Subject to such regulations, the quorum, proceedings, and place of meeting, whether within or without the parish or district, shall be such as the committee direct, and the chairman at any meeting of the committee shall have a second or casting vote.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. ! j Extent of Repeal.

54 Geo. 3. c. 91. - 1 An Act to amend so much of an Act 1 passed in the 1 forty-third year 1 of Her late Ma- ! jesty Queen Eliza- j beth, as concerns j the time for ap- | pointing over- j seers of the poor, j The whole Act, so far as it relates to rural parishes.

58 Geo. 3. c. 69. - The Vestries Act, ! 1818. ! I Sections one, two, three, and four, so far as they relate to parish meetings and parish 1 councils under this Act.

59 Geo. 3. c. 85. - The Vestries Act, 1819. The whole Act, so far as it relates to parish meetings under this i Act. I

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 60. The Vestries Act, 1831. The whole Act, so far as it relates to parish meetings under thW ' Act, except section thirty-nine.

4 & 5 Will. 4.C. 76. The Poor Law Amendment Act, 1834. In section thirty-eight, the words "and the said guardians shall be elected by the ratepayers " and by such owners of property in the parishes forming " such union as shall in manner " herein-after mentioned require to have their names " entered as entitled to vote:s

Section 56.

Section 89.

i

i I

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. j I Extent of Repeal.

! i

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 76. — cont.

" owners in the books of such " parishes respectively "; and from " and also fix a qualification " to " for the ensuing year " shall be chosen "; and from " and every justice of the " peace " to " as such elected guardians"; and from "Provided also " to the end of the section.

Section thirty-nine, from "and every justice" to the end of the section.

In section forty, the words "In " all cases of the election of " guardians under this Act or."

Section forty-one.

Section forty-eight from " Provided always " to the end of the section, so far as the words repealed relate to the office of parish or district councillor or guardian.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 50.

The Highway Act, 1835.

In section forty-eight, the words "with the consent in writing " of the justices of the peace " at a special sessions for the " highways " and the words "at " and for such price as the said " justices may deem fair and " reasonable."

7 Will. 4. and 1 Vict. c. 45.

The Parish Notices Act, 1837.

Section three, so far as it relates to notices by parish councils and notices of parish meetings under this Act.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 57.

The Poor Law Amendment Act, 1842.

Section eight, section eleven, from "and in every case, " to the end of the section, and section fifteen.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 101.

The Poor Law Amendment Act, 1844.

Sections seventeen, twenty, and twenty-four, and section sixty-one from " and wherever any such collector " to " provisions of this Act."

13 & 14 Vict. c. 57.

The Vestries Act, 1850.

Sections six, seven, eight, and nine, so far as they relate to parish meetings under this Act.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 105.

The Poor Law Amendment Act, 1851.

Section two and section three.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 65.

The Vestries Act, 1853.

The whole Act, so far as it relates to parish meetings under this Act.

429

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Extent of Repeal.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 120. The Metropolis Management Act, 1855. Section six. Sections thirteen to twenty-seven. In section thirty the words "or custom." Section fifty-four. In section two hundred and thirty-five the words "under this Act, " where they secondly occur.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 112. The Metropolis Man agement Amendment Act, 1856. Sections six, seven, and eight.

23 & 24 Vict 24 Vict. c. 30. The Public Improvements Act, 1860. In section four the words "in value."

25 & 26 Vict. c. 102. The Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1862. Section thirty-six; and section forty from " by rating " to " of such parish."

25 & 26 Vict. c. 103. The Union Assessment Act, 1862. In section two, the words con-'* Bisting partly of ex-officio and partly of elected gaar* dians, " and from " Provided always" to the end of the section. In section five, the words ‘'ex-officio or elected, " in both places where they occur, and the words, " as the case may be."

30 & 31 Vict. c. 6. The Metropolitan Poor Act, 1867. Section seventy-nine.

30 <fc 31 Vict. c. 106. The Poor Law Amendment Act, 1867. Sections four, five, six, and nine, section ten so far as it relates to elections of guardians, and section twelve.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 122. The Poor Law Amendment Act, 1868. Section four, from " and the powers " to the end of the section.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 55. The Public Ilealth Act, 1875. Section eight from " and the number " to the end of the section. In section nine, from " Provided that (1) An ex-officio guardian" to "situated in an urban district " (being the provisoes); and the words "from owners or occupiers of " property situated in the rural " district of a value sufficient " to qualify them as elective " guardiins for a union, " and from " Subject to the provisions " of this Act " to the end of the section* by le

A

430

Ch. 73.

Local Government Act, 1894,

56 & 57 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Extent of Repeal.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 55. — eont. j i Section two hundred, except so far as it applies to boroughs; sections two hundred and one and two hundred and four, section two hundred and forty-eight, except so far as it relates to overseers, and section three hundred and twelve. So much of Schedule 1. as relates to committees, and Schedule 11.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 61. The Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876. Section six, from "The meeting of inhabitants" to the end or the section, so far as it relates to rural parishes. Section eight to "no alteration," except as to cases where a parish is dealt with by order of the Local Government Board.

39 40 Vict. c. 79. The Elementary Education Act, 1876. In section seven the words "so " however that in the case of a " committee appointed by " guardians one third at least " shall consist of ex-officio " guardians, if there are any, " and sufficient ex-officio " guardians."

47 & 48 Vict. c. 70. The Municipal Elections (Corrupt and Illegal Practices) Act, 1884. Section thirty-six, from " (h) The Local Government Board" to "validity of any vote."

48 & 49 Vict. c. 53. The Public Health (Members and Officers) Act, 1885. Sections three and four.

---

55 & 56 Vict. c. 53. - The Public Libraries Act, 1892. - Sub-section three of section one. The First Schedule so far as it applies to rural parishes.

APPENDIX AND INDEX.

CONTENTS.

Page

Table of the Titles of the Local and Private Acts Passed During the Session - 433

Table showing the Effect of the Year's Legislation on Public General Acts - 457

Table of the Local and Private Acts arranged in Classes - 471

Index to the Public General Acts - 483

433

A

TABLE

OF

The Titles of the Local and Private Acts passed during the Session

56 & 57 VICTORIA — A.D. 1893.94.

LOCAL ACTS.

The Titles to which the Letter P. is prefixed are Public Acts of a Local Character.

Royal Assent, 28th March 1893.

i. AN Act to authorise the Manchester Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway Company to complete a through Railway communication to London, from their authorised Railway at Annesley, by way of Nottingham, Leicester, Loughborough, Lutterworth, Rugby, and other Towns, and Quainton Road, with a new Station in London; to confer further powers on the Company and other Companies; and for other purposes. (Manchester Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway (Extension to London, &c.).)

ii. An Act for authorising the Buenos Ayres and Pacific Railway Company Limited and the Buenos Ayres and Pacific Railway Equipment and Goods Dept Company Limited respectively to prepare and carry into effect a Scheme or Schemes of Arrangement with their respective Debenture Stock Holders Creditors or Shareholders or any class or classes of such persons or with the Debenture Stock Holders Creditors or Shareholders of each other and to amalgamate their undertakings and for other purposes. (Buenos Ayres and Pacific Railway Company (Limited).)

iii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Manchester Ship Canal Company. (Manchester Ship Canal.)

iv. An Act for incorporating the Baker Street and Waterloo Railway Company and for empowering them to construct Underground Railways from Baker Street Station to Waterloo Station in the County of London and for other purposes. (Baker Street and Waterloo Railway.)

v. An Act to authorise the Corporation of Cork to grant a guarantee in respect of a portion of the Share Capital of the Cork and Fermoy and Waterford and Wexford Railway Company and for other purposes. (Cork and Fermoy and Waterford and Wexford Railway ((Guarantee).)

vi. An Act to alter the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Dublin Distillers' Company (Limited) to enable that Company to have their Registered Offices in Ireland and for other purposes. (Dublin Distillers' Company (Limited).)

vii. An Act to extend the borrowing powers of the Imperial Continental Gas Association. (Imperial Continental Gas Association.)

P. viii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act, 1870, relating to Bedford and Kempston Tramway, Perth and District Tramways, and Somerton, Keinton-Mandeville, and Castle Cary Tramways. (Tramways Orders (1892) Confirmation.)

Royal Assent, 29th April 1893.

ix. An Act to further extend the time limited for the completion of the works authorised by the London and Blackwall Railway Act 1885 and to authorise the raising of additional capital and for other purposes. (London and Blackwall Railway.)

x. An Act to stop up and discontinue a portion of a certain footpath on the Belfast Castle Estate and to construct another footpath in lieu thereof. (Belfast Castle (Cave Hill Footpath).)

xi. An Act to confer further powers on the Scottish Provident Institution and on the directors thereof and for other purposes. (Scottish Provident Institution.)

xii. An Act to transfer to the Drainage and Navigation Commissioners constituted by the Local and Personal Act 7 & 8 George IV. chapter xlvii. the Property Powers and Duties of the Eau Brink Navigation Commissioners and to amend that Act and the Ouse Outfall Act 1860 and for other purposes. (South Level and Eau Brink.)

xiii. An Act to enable the Guardian Fire and Life Assurance Company as from the date of its registration as a limited Company to alter the form of its constitution by substituting a Memorandum and Articles of Association for its Deed of Settlement and to repeal the Acts relating to such Company and for other purposes. (Guardian Assurance Company's.)

xiv. An Act to provide for the abolition of the rector's rate leviable in the parish of Saint George the Martyr Southwark in the county of Surrey for securing otherwise an income for the rector of that parish and for other purposes. ( George the Martyr, Southwark (Rector's Rate).)

xv. An Act to authorise the Right Honourable the Lord Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of Dublin to raise further Moneys by borrowing and for other purposes. (Dublin Corporation.)

xvi. An Act to extend the limits within which the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Stockton-on-Tees may supply Gas to enable them to borrow further money for their Gas Undertaking and for other purposes. (Stockton-on-Tees Corporation (Gas).)

xvii. An Act to enable the Water of Leith Purification and Sewerage Commissioners to construct additional works and to borrow additional Money and for other purposes. (Water of Leith Purification and Sewerage (Additional Powers).)

xviii. An Act for conferring further powers on the Wolverhampton Gas Company. (Wolverhampton Gas.)

Royal Assent, 12th May 1893.

xix. An Act to amend the Manchester Ship Canal Act 1891 and to confer further powers upon the mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Manchester in the county of Lancaster and the Manchester Ship Canal Company with respect to the lending and borrowing of moneys for the completion of the undertaking of the said Company and for other purposes. (Manchester Corporation (Ship Canal).)

xx. An Act to vest the county buildings of the county of Mid-Lothian in the County Council of that county to enable the County Council to borrow money for the purpose of erecting and enlarging county buildings and for other purposes. (Mid-Lothian County Buildings.)

xxi. An Act to extend the powers of the Mercantile Bank of India (Limited). (Mercantile Bank of India (Limited).)

xxii. An Act to confirm and legalise certain waterworks constructed by the Rathmines and Rathgar Improvement Commissioners and to authorise the Commissioners to construct additional works to acquire lands and maintain a public park at Harold's Cross to provide for additional public buildings and the maintenance of a way as a public road to confer on the Commissioners further powers as to the borrowing of moneys and for other purposes relating to the township. (Rathmines and Rathgar Township.)

xxiii. An Act to enable the Manchester Ship Canal Company to raise additional loan capital and to extend the time for the completion of their undertaking and for other purposes. (Manchester Ship Canal (Additional Capital, &c.).)

xxiv. An Act for the Abandonment of the Headingley Extension Railway of the Guiseley Yeadon and Headingley Railway Company and for other purposes. (Guiseley, Yeadon, and Headingley Railway (Abandonment).)

xxv. An Act for confirming an Agreement for the transfer to the Kensington and Knightsbridge Electric Lighting Company (Limited) of the Undertaking of the Chelsea Electricity Supply Company (Limited) authorised by the South Kensington Electric Lighting Order 1889. (Kensington, Knightsbridge, and Chelsea Electric Lighting.)

xxvi. An Act to extend the time for the completion of certain authorised railways of the Wirral Railway Company and renew the powers for the purchase of land for one of such railways to reduce the capital of the Company and for other purposes. (Wirral Railway.)

xxvii. An Act to confer further powers upon the mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Manchester in the county of Lancaster with respect to slaughter-houses markets and other matters and to acquire lands therefor and for other purposes. (Manchester Corporation.)

xxviii. An Act to confirm and make valid the creation and issue of preference shares by the Staines and Egham District Gas and Coke Company Limited and for other purposes. (Staines amd Egham District Gas and Coke Company's Preference Capital.)

xxix. An Act to incorporate and confer powers on the New Swindon Gas Company. (New Swindon Gas.)

xxx. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Weston-super-Mare Grand Pier Company and for other purposes. (Weston-super-Mare Grand Pier.)

xxxi. An Act to enable the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the county borough of Salford to construct street works and to raise additional moneys by mortgage and by the creation and issue of Corporation stock and to make further provisions for the improvement and good government of the borough. (Salford Improvement.)

P. xxxii. An Act to enable Her Majesty's Postmaster-General to acquire Lands in London, Liverpool and Leeds, for the Public Service, and for other purposes. (Post Office (Sites).)

P. xxxiii. An Act to enable the Joint Committee of the County Councils of East and West Suffolk to borrow money. (Suffolk Joint Committee (Borrowing Powers).)

P. xxxiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890, relating to the City of Dublin. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 1).)

Royal Assent, 9th June 1893.

P. xxxv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts, 1882 and 1888, relating to Beckenham, Colchester, Eccles, and Newcastle-upon-Tyne. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. xxxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Merchant Shipping (Pilotage) Act, 1889, relating to Liverpool and Newport (Monmouthshire). (Pilotage Orders Confirmation.)

P. xxxvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Secretary of State under the Military Lands Act, 1892. (Military Lands Provisional Orders Confirmation.)

P. xxxviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the Union of Ballycastle. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. xxxix. An Act to confirm a Scheme under the Metropolitan Commons Acts, 1866 to 1878, relating to Broom Hill Common, Darrick Common, Gumping Common, and Sparrow Common, in the Parish of Orpington, Kent. (Metropolitan Commons (Orpington) Supplemental.)

P. xl. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts, 1882 and 1888, relating to Hackney, Hammersmith, and Poplar. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

xli. An Act to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of Lands and for the completion of the Tramways authorised by the Harrow Road and Paddington Tramways Act 1891. (Harrow Road and Paddington Tramways.)

xlii. An Act to amend the provisions of the Sheffield Corporation Water Acts relating to the Water Rents to be taken by the Corporation and to extend the time limited by the Sheffield Waterworks Act 1881 for the completion of certain Reservoirs and for other purposes. (Sheffield Corporation (Water).)

xliii. An Act to define the objects and members of the Mutual Life Assurance Society and to enlarge the powers of the Society and for other purposes. (Mutual Life Assurance Society's.)

xliv. An Act to consolidate the bond or other debts of the Belfast Harbour Commissioners and to authorise the issue of consolidated stock. (Belfast Harbour.)

xlv. An Act to vest a portion of the Glebe Lands of the Rectory of Saint Martin in the City of Birmingham in Trustees upon certain trusts for the benefit (at the discretion of the Trustees) of the Incumbents for the time being of the Ecclesiastical Districts within the area of the ancient parish of Saint Martin Birmingham and for other purposes. (Saint Martin's Rectory (Birmingham).)

xlvi. An Act to abandon the Waterford and Wexford section of the undertaking authorised by the Cork and Fermoy and Waterford and Wexford Railway Act 1890 and for other purposes. (Cork and Fermoy Railway (Waterford and Wexford Section Abandonment).)

xlvii. An Act for empowering the Local Board for the district of Ilkley in the west riding of the county of York to construct additional waterworks and improve their existing water supply and to purchase the undertaking of the Ilkley Gas Company and for making better provision for the health and government of the district and for other purposes. (Ilkley Local Board.)

xlviii. An Act to extend the time for the completion of certain of the Tramways authorised by the West Metropolitan Tramways Act 1889 and for other purposes. (West Metropolitan Tramways.)

xlix. An Act for conferring further powers on the Glasgow and South Western Railway Company for the acquisition of lands and the raising of money for empowering the City of Glasgow Union Railway Company to construct a new Railway and for other purposes. (Glasgow and South Western Railway.)

l. An Act to provide for the Improvement of High Street in the City of Sheffield and for other purposes. (Sheffield Corporation (Street Widenings).)

li. An Act for enabling the Ayr Harbour Trustees to convert their Mortgage Debt into Debenture Stock for altering the Constitution of the Trust and for other purposes. (Ayr Harbour.)

lii. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Great Eastern Railway Company for extending the periods limited for the compulsory purchase of certain Lands and for the completion of certain Works for confirming an Agreement for the purchase of the undertaking of the Wivenhoe and Brightlingsea Railway Company for authorising Agreements between the London and Blackwall Railway Company the Company and the Midland Railway Company for amendment of Acts and for other purposes. (Great Eastern Railway (General Powers).)

liii. An Act for authorising the Costa Rica Railway Company Limited to borrow further moneys and to make provision in reference thereto and for other purposes. (Costa Rica Railway Company, Limited.)

liv. An Act for conferring further powers on the Altrincham Gas Company for the construction of works acquisition of lands laying down and maintenance of tramway and works the raising of additional capital and for other purposes. (Altrincham Gas.)

lv. An Act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Bolton to work their own and certain suburban Tramways and for other purposes. (Bolton Corporation Tramways.)

lvi. An Act to authorise the Edinburgh Street Tramways Company to make and maintain additional Tramways and to confer further powers upon that Company. (Edinburgh Street Tramways.)

lvii. An Act for vesting in the Midland and Great Northern Railway Companies the undertaking and powers of the Eastern and Midlands Railway Company and for other purposes. (Midland and Great Northern Railway Companies (Eastern and Midlands Railway).)

lviii. An Act to confer Additional Powers upon the Midland Railway Company for the Construction of Works and the Acquisition of Lands and for other purposes. (Midland Railway)

lix. An Act to confer further powers on the Corporation of Plymouth in regard to the construction of additional waterworks and for other purposes. (Plymouth Corporation Water.)

lx. An Act to empower the London Hydraulic Power Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (London Hydraulic Power Company's.)

lxi. An Act to authorise the Stirling Waterworks Commissioners to acquire additional lands and to make and maintain additional works and for other purposes. (Stirling Waterworks.)

lxii. An Act for empowering the Local Board for the District of East Stonehouse in the County of Devon to improve their existing Water Supply, and for other purposes. (East Stonehouse Water)

lviii. An Act for vesting the Barking Town Wharf at Barking in the county of Essex in the Barking Town Local Board and for other purposes. (Barking Town Wharf.)

lxiv. An Act to confer Further Powers upon the Rhondda and Swansea Bay Railway Company and for other purposes. (Rhondda and Swansea Bay Railway.)

lxv. An Act to confer further powers upon the Brighton and Hove General Gas Company to extend their limits for the supply of Gas to authorise the construction of New Works and the raising of additional Capital and for other purposes. (Brighton and Hove Gas)

lxvi. An Act to provide for the Removal of Obstructions in certain Streets of London. (London Streets (Removal of Gates, Bars, &c.).)

lxvii. An Act to authorise the Acquisition Preservation and Management of Lands in the Parish of Paddington for the purposes of a Recreation Ground. (Paddington Recreation Ground.)

lxviii. An Act for enabling the Great Eastern Railway Company to construct a new railway and other works in the county of Cambridge and for other purposes. (Great Eastern Railway (New Line and Improvements at Cambridge, &c).)

Royal Assent, 29th June 1893.

lxix. An Act to authorise the Commissioners of Police of the burgh of Govan to purchase portions of the Vale of Clyde Tramways and of the Glasgow and Ibrox Tramway in the county of Lanark to authorise the use of mechanical power on all the tramways of the Commissioners and for other purposes. (Govan Burgh (Tramways).)

lxx. An Act to amend the Dublin (South) City Market Acts 1876 to 1884 and for other purposes. (Dublin (South) City Market.)

lxxi. An Act to confer powers on the London County Council with regard to Hackney Marshes Albert Palace Battersea York Water Gate and Hilly Fields Brockley. (London Open Spaces.)

lxxii. An Act for conferring further powers on the Devonport Water Company for the acquisition of lands and the supply of water and for defining and extending their limits of supply and for making provisions for the purchase by the East Stonehouse Local Board of a portion of the undertaking of the Company and for the supply of water in bulk by the Company to that Local Board and for other purposes. (Devonport Waterworks.)

lxxiii. An Act to enable the Manchester Ship Canal Company to sell and otherwise deal with Surplus Lands and for other purposes. (Manchester Ship Canal (Surplus Lands).)

lxxiv. An Act for enabling the North Eastern Railway Company to make new Railways and other works and to acquire additional lands and for other purposes. (North Eastern Railway.)

lxxv. An Act for the Improvement of the City and Royal Burgh of Perth and the construction of new and the widening and improvement of existing streets therein and for other purposes. (Perth Improvement.)

lxxvi. An Act to authorise the transfer of the Undertaking of the Todmorden Gas Company and other Gas Undertakings to the Todmorden Local Board and for other purposes. (Todmorden Local Board Gas Purchases.)

lxxvii. An Act for authorising the Local Board for the district of Barry and Cadoxton in the county of Glamorgan to acquire the Gas and Water Undertakings of the Barry and Cadoxton Gas and Water Company and to supply their district and other places with Gas and Water and for other purposes. (Barry and Cadoxton Local Board (Gas and Water).)

lxxviii. An Act to authorise cable power to be used on the tramways acquired by the Lord Provost magistrates and town council of the city and royal burgh of Edinburgh and for other purposes. (Edinburgh Corporation Tramways.)

lxxix. An Act to confer further powers upon the Manchester Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway Company and upon the St. Helens and Wigan Junction Railway Company the Wrexham Mold and Connah's Quay Railway Company and the Blackpool Railway Company and for other purposes. (Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway.)

lxxx. An Act to enable the Corporation of the borough of Folkestone in the county of Kent to establish and maintain public band stands and bands and for other purposes. (Folkestone Corporation.)

lxxxi. An Act to make better provision with respect to the registration and measurement of and other matters affecting certain craft for carrying goods and certain boats for carrying persons within the limits of the Watermen's and Lightermen's Amendment Act 1859, and for other purposes. (Thames Watermen's and Lightermen's.)

lxxxii. An Act to confirm an Agreement entered into by the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board for the Purchase of certain Lands at Tranmere and for other purposes. (Mersey Dock (Tranmere Lands).)

lxxxiii. An Act to change the Name of the General Life and Fire Assurance Company and to amend the Deed of Settlement and Acts of Parliament of the Company and for other purposes. (General Life Assurance Company's.)

lxxxiv. An Act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the County Borough of Croydon. (Croydon Corporation.)

lxxxv. An Act for amending the City of London Electric Lighting (Brush) Order 1890 and the City of London (East District) Electric Lighting Order 1890 as confirmed, by the Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 15) Act 1890 and the City of London Electric Lighting (Brush) Order 1891 as confirmed by the Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 10) Act 1891. (City of London Electric Lighting.)

lxxxvi. An Act to confer further powers on the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough, of Blackpool for the Improvement and good Government of the Borough and for other purposes. (Blackpool Improvement.)

lxxxvii. An Act to authorise the London and South Western Railway Company to construct a new Graving Dock at Southampton and to widen their Railway at Waterloo Station to confirm and give effect to an Agreement between the Most Noble William Duke of Devonshire and the Chiswick Local Board and the Company to confer further powers upon the Company and to make further provision with respect to their Undertaking and to confer further powers upon the Company and the London Brighton and South Coast Railway Company and the Midland Railway Company respectively in reference to Joint Lines and for. other purposes. (South Western Railway.)

lxxxviii. An Act for the Abandonment of the North West Central Railway. (North West Central Railway (Abandonment).)

lxxxix. An Act to extend the time for the Completion of the authorised Railway of the Cheadle Railway Mineral and Land Company Limited and for other purposes. (Cheadle Railway Mineral and Land Company Limited.)

xc. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Continental Metropolitan Tramways Company Limited. (Metropolitan Tramways Company Limited.)

xci. An Act to empower the Highland Railway Company to construct an Extension of their Railway from Strome Ferry to Kyle of Lochalsh to erect a Pier at Kyle and for other purposes. (Highland Railway.)

xcii. An Act to authorise the South Staffordshire Waterworks Company to construct New Reservoirs and other Works and to raise further Capital and for other purposes. (South Staffordshire Waterworks.)

xciii. An Act to extend the time for the completion of works authorised by the Corporation of London (Tower Bridge) Acts 1885 and 1889. (Corporation of London (Tower Bridge) Extension of Time).

xciv. An Act to make provision with respect to the existing debt of the Commissioners of Warkworth Harbour in the county of Northumberland and to empower them to borrow additional moneys and for other purposes. (Warkworth Harbour.)

xcv. An Act for conferring further powers on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company with relation to their own Undertaking and upon that Company and the London and North Western Railway Company in respect of Undertakings in which they are jointly interested and for other purposes. (Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway.)

xcvi. An Act to confirm an agreement between the Lord Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Belfast and the Belfast Street Tramways Company and for other purposes. (Belfast Street Tramways.)

xcvii. An Act for authorising the construction of a Railway with a Pier and Breakwater in connexion therewith at Fishguard Bay in the county of Pembroke and for other purposes. (Fishguard Bay Railway and Pier.)

xcviii. An Act to confer further Powers upon the Great Northern Railway Company with respect to their own Undertaking and Undertakings in which they are jointly interested and for other purposes. (Great Northern Railway.)

xcix. An Act to extend the objects and powers of investment of the Law Life Assurance Society to empower the Proprietors of the Society to make Regulations for its government and the management of its affairs and for other purposes. (Law Life Assurance Society's.)

c. An Act to authorise the execution of certain works and to confer further powers on the South Eastern Railway Company in reference to their own undertaking and the undertakings of other companies and for other purposes. (South Eastern Railway.)

ci. An Act to authorise the Local Board for the district of Pontypridd in the county of Glamorgan to purchase the undertaking of the Pontypridd Gaslight and Coke Company and for other purposes. (Pontypridd Local Board (Gas).)

P. cii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Board of Agriculture relating to the Regulation of the Commons in the parish of West Tilbury in the county of Essex. (Commons Regulation (West Tilbury) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

P. ciii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Criccieth, Morecambe, Teignmouth, Tenby, Torquay, and Weymouth. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. civ. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Castlehaven, Deal, Sandown, and Southwold. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. cv. An Act to confirm an Order made by the Secretary for Scotland under the Sea Fisheries Act, 1868, relating to a several Oyster and Mussel Fishery at Loch Creran, Argyllshire. (Oyster and Mussel Fishery (Loch Creran) Order Confirmation.)

P. cvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts, 1882 to 1890, relating to Partick. (Electric Lighting Order Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. cvii. An Act to confirm a Scheme under the Metropolitan Commons Acts, 1866 to 1878, relating to Banstead Downs, Banstead Heath, Burgh Heath, and Park Downs, in the parish of Banstead, Surrey. (Metropolitan Commons (Banstead) Supplemental.)

P. cviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Borough of Cheltenham. (Local Government Boards Provisional Order Confirmation.)

P. cix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Bradford (Yorks), Brentford, Epsom, New Windsor, Stoke-upon-Trent, and Wigan, and to the Hertford and Ware Joint Hospital District. (Local Government Boards Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. cx. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Aberystwith, Bognor, Bridlington, Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, Cockermouth, Kidderminster, Llanelly, Ormskirk, Sheerness, Skipton, Stroud, and Ware. (Local Government Boards Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. cxi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board under the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890, relating to the Urban Sanitary District of Plymouth. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order (Housing of Working Classes).)

P. cxii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, relating to the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the Cranbrook and Paddock Wood Railway Company, the Glyn Valley Tramway Company, the Manchester Ship Canal Company, in respect of the Railways of the said Company, and the Stratford-upon-Avon, Towcester, and Midland Junction Railway Company. (Railway Rates and Charges (Cranbrook and Paddock Wood Railway, &c.) Order Confirmation.)

P. cxiii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Secretary for Scotland, under Part I. of the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890, relating to the City and Royal Burgh of Edinburgh. (Edinburgh Improvement Scheme Provisional Order Confirmation.)

cxiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts, 1882 and 1888, relating to Altrincham and Bowdon, Barnet, Bridgend, and Taunton. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. cxv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Barnsley, Carlisle, Chichester, Neath, Newark, Newbury, and Swansea. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. cxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Epsom (Rural), Sutton, and Carshalton Joint Hospital District, and the Dewsbury Joint Hospital District. (Local Government Boards Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

P. cxvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Ashton in Makerfield, Brighton, Burnley, Llandudno, Newton-in-Mackerfield, Rhyl, and Smethwick. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 9).)

P. cxviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Buckpool, Findochty, and Portknockie. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. cxix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for forming the Brighouse, Guildford and Godalming, and Luddenden Joint Hospital Districts, the Clayton-le-Moors and Great Harwood Joint Sewerage District, and the Whitchurch Joint Cemetery District. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 10).)

P. cxx. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Bury, Chard (two), Chorley (two), Darwen, and Leicester, and to the Port of Liverpool (Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 11).)

P. cxxi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the Town of Granard. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. cxxii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the Town of Dungiven. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 5).)

P. cxxiii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, relating to Hoylake and West Kirby Water, Pocklington Water, Poole Water, and South-west Suburban Water. (Water Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

Royal Assent, 27th July 1893.

P. cxxiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the Town of Carlow. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. cxxv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, relating to Maidenhead Water and Newington Water. (Water Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. cxxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act, 1870, to enable the School Boards for Chiswick, Haworth, and West Ham to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and the Acts amending the same. (Education Department provisional Orders Confirmation (Chiswick &c.).)

P. cxxvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Bradford (Yorks), Buckingham (two), Clitheroe, Dewsbury, Hastings, Lancaster, and Mountain Ash, and to the Rural Sanitary Districts of the Hunslet and Ludlow Unions. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 6).)

P. cxxviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Haslingden and Rawtenstall Outfall Sewerage District, the Urban Sanitary Districts of Manchester and Plymouth, the Stourbridge Main Drainage District and the Upper Stour Valley Main Sewerage District. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 7).)

P. cxxix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Barking Town, Coventry, Devonport, Folkestone, Honley, Linthwaite, Reddish, Slaithwaite, and Tonbridge. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 8).)

P. cxxx. An Act to confirm two Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the City of Manchester. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 12).)

P. cxxxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Isle of Thanet (Urban) Joint Hospital District, and the Keighley and Bingley Joint Hospital District. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 14).)

P. cxxxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Counties of Hereford, Monmouth, and Worcester, to the Cities of Chichester and York, and to the Rivers of the West Riding of Yorkshire. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 16).)

P. cxxxiii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Contributory Place of Shevington. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 17).)

P. cxxxiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the Union of Fermoy. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 6).)

P. cxxxv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the Town of Youghal. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 7).)

P. cxxxvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the Town of Bangor. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 8).)

P. cxxxvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the Town of Lisburn. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 9).)

P. cxxxviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board under the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890, relating to the Urban Sanitary District of Stretford. (Local Government Board's Provisional Confirmation (Housing of Working Classes) (No. 2).)

P. cxxxix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Bognor, Fowey and Sheerness. (and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. cxl. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, relating to Llandrindod Wells Water. (Water Order Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. cxli. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts, 1882 and 1888, relating to Reading. (Electric Lighting Order Confirmation (No. 5).)

P. cxlii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts, 1882 and 1888, relating to Islington. (Electric Lighting Order Confirmation (No. 6).)

P. cxliii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts, 1882 and 1888, relating to Newmarket. (Electric Lighting Order Confirmation (No. 7).)

P. cxliv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, relating to Bromyard Gas, Llanfairfechan and Aber Gas, Otley Gas, and Swindon Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation.)

P. cxlv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, relating to Newent Gas, Portishead Gas, Sheffield Gas, and Sligo Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation (No.

P. cxlvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State under the Metropolitan Police Act, 1886, relating to land in the Parish of St. Giles-in-the-Fields. (Metropolitan Police Provisional Order Confirmation.)

cxlvii. An Act for constituting a portion of the Railways authorised by the North Cornwall Railway Act 1882 a separate undertaking and for other purposes. (North Cornwall Railway.)

cxlviii. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Barnsley Canal of the Undertakers of the Navigation of the Rivers of Aire and Calder in the West Riding of the County of York in respect to minerals under or near that Canal and other matters to authorise the Undertakers to close the upper portion of such Canal to extend the time for the purchase of lands and to make further provisions in respect of their undertaking and for other purposes. (Aire and Calder Navigation.)

cxlix. An Act to confer further Powers on the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigations to amend the Acts relating thereto and for other purposes. (Birmingham Canal Navigations.)

cl. An Act to revive and extend the powers for the purchase of lands for and to extend the time for the completion of the Brighton Rottingdean and Newhaven Direct Railway. (Brighton, Rottingdean, and Newhaven Direct Railway.)

cli. An Act for making a Railway from the West Yorkshire Railway of the Great Northern Railway Company at Beeston to Leeds and Hunslet with a Bridge over the River Aire between Leeds and Hunslet and for other purposes. (Hunslet Railway.)

clii. An Act to extend the limits of supply of the Bodmin Waterworks Company to enable them to construct additional works and to raise further capital and for other purposes. (Bodmin Water.)

cliii. An Act for incorporating the Chipstead Valley Railway Company and authorising the construction of Railways from Walton-on-the-Hill (Surrey) to Purleyand for other purposes. (Chipstead Valley Railway.)

cliv. An Act to authorise the Lord Provost Magistrates and Council of the City of Edinburgh to widen alter and improve existing streets places and districts within the said City to make provision for the appointment of Town Clerk and to regulate that office to amend Acts and for other purposes. (Edinburgh Improvement and Municipal and Police (Amendment).)

clv. An Act to extend the period limited for the construction and completion of the Brighton Marine Palace and Pier and for other purposes. (Brighton Marine Palace and Pier.)

clvi. An Act to authorise the Runcorn Improvement Commissioners to acquire the undertaking of the Runcorn Weston and Halton Waterworks Company and to confer further powers on the Commissioners. (Runcorn Commissioners.)

clvii. An Act to authorise the Transfer of the Undertaking of the Barnoldswick Gas and Light Company Limited to the Barnoldswick Local Board and for other purposes. (Barnoldswick Local Board Gas.)

clviii. An Act for making a Tramroad along the Seashore from Brighton to Rottingdean in the County of Sussex and a Jetty or Lauding Stage at Rottingdean and for other purposes. (Brighton and Rottingdean Seashore Elective Tramroad.)

clix. An Act to authorise the Brechin and Edzell District Railway Company to make substituted railways to abandon portions of their authorised railway to extend the time for purchase of lands and completion of works to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Brechin and Edzell District Railway)

clx. An Act to authorise the Donegal Railway Company to extend their Railway to Strabane to alter the gauge of a portion of their railway and for other purposes. (Donegal Railway.)

clxi. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Cheshire Lines Committee and the Sheffield and Midland Railway Companies Committee and for other purposes. (Cheshire Lines.)

clxii. An Act to authorise the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board to construct Railways and alter and improve their Dock accommodation and Works and for other purposes. (Mersey Dock (Various Powers).)

clxiii. An Act to authorise the Lancashire Derbyshire and East Coast Railway Company to divert portions of their authorised railways and make other works in the county of Derby and for other purposes. (Lancashire, Derbyshire, and East Coast Railway.)

clxiv. An Act for amalgamating the Athenry and Ennis Junction Railway Company and the Athenry and Tuam Railway Company with the Waterford and Limerick Railway Company and for other purposes. (Waterford and Limerick Railway.)

clxv. An Act for empowering the London and North Western Railway Company and the Great Western Railway Company to widen portions of their existing railways in the county of Chester and for other purposes. (London and North Western and Great Western Railway Companies.)

clxvi. An Act for conferring further powers upon the London and North Western Railway Company in relation to their own Undertaking and other Undertakings in which they are interested jointly with other Companies and also for conferring Powers upon the Great Western Railway Company the Shropshire Union Railways and Canal Company the Portpatrick and Wigtownshire Joint Committee the Midland Railway Company and the Ashby and Nuneaton Railway Joint Committee in relation to such other Undertakings and for other purposes. (London and North Western Railway.)

clxvii. An Act to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of Lands for and for the completion of the Latimer Road and Acton Railway. (Latimer Road and Acton Railway.)

clxviii. An Act to authorise the Crystal Palace District Gas Company to raise additional Capital and convert their existing Capital and for other purposes. (Crystal Palace District Gas.)

clxix. An Act to enable the Trustees of the River Weaver Navigation to construct two opening bridges across their navigation at or near Northwich in the county of Chester and in connexion therewith to make certain new roads and to divert existing lines of water pipes and gas pipes and to lay down other lines of pipes in substitution for or in addition thereto to apply to those purposes the moneys they are authorised to borrow by former Acts and for other purposes. (Weaver Navigation.)

clxx. An Act to revive and further extend the time for the compulsory purchase of lands and to further extend the time for the completion of the Metropolitan Outer Circle Railway. (Metropolitan Outer Circle Railway (Extension of Time).)

clxxi. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Bilston Township Commissioners with respect to the construction of waterworks and the supply of water within their district and for other purposes. (Bilston Commissioners (Water).)

clxxii. An Act to confer further powers on the Plymouth Devonport and South Western Junction Railway Company. (Plymouth, Devonport, and South Western Junction Railway.)

clxxiii. An Act to confer further powers on the Bexley Heath Railway Company. (Bexley Heath Railway.)

clxxiv. An Act to authorise the Glasgow Yoker and Clydebank Railway Company to extend their Railway to Dalmuir and to double their existing main line and for other purposes. (Glasgow, Yoker, and Clydebank Railway.)

clxxv. An Act to empower the North British Railway Company to construct a Junction Railway between their Edinburgh and Glasgow and Monkland and Kirkintilloch Railways to construct new roads and stop up and discontinue level crossings to substitute open cutting for tunnel over portion of their Charing Cross Station at Glasgow to acquire additional lands and for other purposes. (North British Railway.)

clxxvi. An Act to authorise the Sutton Rotherham and Barnsley Railway Company to construct new railways in the West Riding of the County of York to abandon certain of their authorised railways and for other purposes. (Retford, Rotherham, and Barnsley Railway.)

clxxvii. An Act to authorise the extension of the Buildings of the Marischal College of the University of Aberdeen to provide for the removal and re-erection of Grey friars Church and other purposes. (Aberdeen University (Buildings Extension).)

clxxviii. An Act for providing an additional supply of water to the City of Belfast and the suburban districts adjacent thereto to confer further powers on the Belfast City and District Water Commissioners and for other purposes. (Belfast Water.)

clxxix. An Act for enabling the Caledonian Railway Company to widen the Dalmarnock Branch Railway across the River Clyde to acquire lands in Glasgow and to abandon the Mid-Calder Branch Railway for amalgamating the Greenock and Wemyss Bay Railway Company with the Caledonian Railway Company for extending and reviving the time for the purchase of lands for and for the completion of certain rail ways and works for sanctioning the Earnock Branch Railway for stopping up the Forth and Cart Junction Canal for extending the time for the sale of superfluous lands of the Caledonian and Solway Junction Railway Companies for enabling the Caledonian Railway Company to raise additional money and for conferring further powers on them with respect to their undertaking and for other purposes. (Caledonian Railway.)

clxxx. An Act to confer further Powers on the Corporation Board of Police and Water Trust of Greenock and for various other purposes. (Greenock Corporation.)

clxxxi. An Act to amend the existing provisions as to and make further provisions for the discharge of the Corporate Debt of the City of Liverpool and for the borrowing and repayment of Capital in future to consolidate rates and to abolish district rating in the City and to confer powers on the Corporation of the City and make new provisions with respect to the Northern Hospital and the Derby Museum and with respect to the Superannuation of Officers of the Corporation and with respect to Waterworks Buildings Streets Sewers Hoards Sky Signs and other matters. (Liverpool Corporation.)

clxxxii. An Act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Wigan to construct additional Tramways and to make better provision in relation to the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes. (Wigan Corporation.)

clxxxiii. An Act for empowering the Accrington Gas and Waterworks Company to raise additional Capital and for other purposes. (Accrington Gas and Waterworks.)

clxxxiv. An Act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the City of Bristol to make certain Street Improvements and for other purposes connected with their Dock Undertaking. (Bristol Dock.)

clxxxv. An Act for incorporating the Frimley and Farnborough District Water Company and empowering them to construct Works and supply Water and for other purposes. (Frimley and Farnborough District Water.)

clxxxvi. An Act to effect a settlement of the affairs of the Portsea Island Building Society. (Portsea Island Building Society (Arbitration).)

clxxxvii. An Act for incorporating the Waterloo and City Railway Company and for empowering them to construct an Underground Railway from near Waterloo Station to Mansion House Street City and for other purpose. (Waterloo and City Railway.)

Royal Assent, 24th August 1893.

P. clxxxviii. An Act to provide for the Constitution of the City and Royal Burgh of Glasgow as a County of a City, and for other purposes connected therewith. (County of the City of Glasgow.)

P. clxxxix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Abergavenny, Bolton, Kingston-upon-Hull, Wolverhampton, and Worthing. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 15).)

P. cxc. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade in pursuance of the Salmon Fishery Act, 1873, relating to the Tees Fishery District. (Fishery Act, 1873, Provisional Order (Tees Fishery District) Confirmation.)

P. cxci. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act, 1870, to enable the School Board for London to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Provisional Order Confirmation (London).)

P. cxcii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act, 1870, to enable the School Board for London to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Provisional Order Confirmation (London, No. 2).)

P. cxciii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act, 1870, relating to Blackpool Corporation Tramways, Manchester Corporation Tramways, and Plymouth Corporation Tramways. (Tramways Orders Confirmation.)

cxciv. An Act to confer further powers on the Lord Provost Magistrates and Town Council of the City and Royal Burgh of Aberdeen with reference to their Gas and Water Undertakings to make more effectual provision for the prevention of the pollution of the River Dee and for other purposes. (Aberdeen Corporation (Gas and Water).)

cxcv. An Act to authorise the construction of new sewers and to make better provision in relation to the health local government and improvement of the borough of Ashton-under-Lyne and for other purposes. (Ashton-under-Lyne Corporation.)

cxcvi. An Act for incorporating the East Fife Central Railway Company and authorising the Construction of Railways in the county of Fife and for other purposes. (East Fife Central Railway.)

cxcvii. An Act to confer further powers on the Metropolitan District Railway Company and for other purposes. (Metropolitan District Railway.)

cxcviii. An Act for the amalgamation of the Undertaking of the Dock Company at Kingston-upon-Hull with the Undertaking of the North Eastern Railway Company and for other purposes. (North Eastern Railway (Hull Docks).)

cxcix. An Act for incorporating the Aberlady Gullane and North Berwick Railway Company and authorising the construction of lailways in the county of Haddingion and for other purposes. (Aberlady, Gullane, and North Berwick Railway.)

cc. An Act to enable the Gifford and Garvald Railway Company to construct a Deviation Railway and for other purposes. (Gifford and Garvald Railway.)

cci. An Act to authorise the Great North of Scotland Railway Company to extend their Railway to buy Additional Land and for other purposes. (Great North of Scotland Railway (Various Powers).)

ccii. An Act to confer further powers on the London County Council with respect to their existing subways. (London County Council (Subways).)

cciii. An Act for the abandonment of the Towcester and Buckingham Railway and the repayment of the deposit fund. (Towcester and Buckingham Railway (Abandonment).)

cciv. An Act to confer further powers upon the Corporation of the borough of West Ham and to make further provision for the good government of that borough and for other purposes. (West Ham Corporation.)

ccv. An Act for incorporating the West Hampshire Water Company and empowering them to construct waterworks and supply water and for other purposes. (West Hampshire Water.)

ccvi. An Act to enable the Barry Railway Company to construct a new Dock new Railways a Tram road and other works and for other purposes. (Barry Railway.)

ccvii. An Act to empower the City and South London Railway Company to make an Underground Railway to Islington and to extend the time for the purchase of lands for and for the completion of the Underground Railway authorised by the City and South London Railway Act 1890 and for other purposes. (City and South London Railway.)

ccviii. An Act to authorise the Lord Provost Magistrates and Council of the City of Glasgow to construct additional Tramways and for other purposes. (Glasgow Corporation.)

ccix. An Act to place the Stray under the control and management of the Corporation of Harrogate and to make better provision in regard to the health local government and improvement of the Borough of Harrogate. (Harrogate Corporation.)

ccx. An Act to make further provision for the Local Government of the City of Leeds to authorise certain Street Improvements and for other purposes. (Leeds Improvement.)

ccxi. An Act to regulate the expenditure of Money by the London County Council on Capital Account during the current Financial Period and the raising of Money to meet such Expenditure. (London County Council (Money).)

ccxii. An Act to extend the time for the completion of certain authorised Tramways of the London Deptford and Greenwich Tramways Company to authorise the use of mechanical power on the Tramways of the Company and for other purposes. (London, Deptford, and Greenwich Tramways.)

ccxiii. An Act to revive the powers and extend the time for the compulsory purchase of Lands for and to extend the time for the completion of the Pier or Jetty Railway and Works authorised by the Brean Down Harbour and Railway Act 1889. (Brean Down Harbour and Railway.)

ccxiv. An Act for incorporating the Charing Cross Euston and Hampstead Railway Company and for empowering them to construct underground Railways from Charing Cross to Hampstead with a branch to Euston Station and for other purposes. (Charing Cross, Euston, and Hampstead Railway.)

ccxv. An Act to extend the boundaries of the borough of Saint Helens in the county of Lancaster to consolidate the townships within the borough to dissolve the Burial Board and to make better provision for the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes. (St. Helens Corporation.)

ccxvi. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Blackpool Saint Anne's and Lytham Tramways Company and for other purposes. (Blackpool, St. Anne's, and Lytham Tramways.)

ccxvii. An Act for authorising the Fleetwood Improvement Commissioners to establish maintain work and regulate a Ferry across the River Wyre between Fleetwood and Knot End and for making further and better provision for the Improvement Health and good Government of the Urban Sanitary District of Fleetwood and for other purposes. (Fleetwood Improvement.)

ccxviii. An Act to provide for the abandonment of the undertaking authorised by the Garve and Ullapool Railway Act 1890. (Garve and Ullapool Railway (Abandonment).)

ccxix. An Act for incorporating the South Leeds Junction Railway Company and for other purposes. (South Leeds Junction Railway.)

ccxx. An Act to authorise the use of mechanical power upon the undertaking of the Dublin Southern District Tramways Company to enable that company to acquire the undertaking of the Blackrock and Kingstown Tramways Company and for other purposes. (Dublin Southern District Tramways.)

ccxxi. An Act to provide for the representation of certain County Councils on the Thames Conservancy Board to empower the Council to prohibit or regulate the erection of dwelling-houses on low lands subject to floods to confer powers on the Council with respect to their procedure investigations on various subjects prevention of epidemic diseases the requiring of returns the re-arrangement of wards compensation to workmen, and electric lighting to provide against the giving of false alarms of fire to extend and explain the powers of the Council with respect to sky signs and with respect to bands and to confer certain powers on Vestries and District Boards. (London County Council (General Powers).)

ccxxii. An Act to confer Further Powers on the Derry City and County Railway Company and for other purposes. (Derry City and County Railway.)

Royal Assent, 12th September 1893.

ccxxiii. An Act to revive and extend the powers of the Cleveland Extension Mineral Railway Company. (Cleveland Extension Mineral Railway.)

ccxxiv. An Act to constitute a Joint Drainage Board for the township of Blackrock and the township of Kingstown in the county of Dublin to confer powers on such Board for the construction of sewers and other purposes to confer additional powers on the Blackrock and Kingstown Township Commissioners and for other purposes. (Blackrock and Kingstown Drainage and Improvement.)

P. ccxxv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates, Tolls, and Charges applicable thereto, of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal Company. (Canal Rates, Tolls, and Charges (Leeds and Liverpool Canal) Order Confirmation.)

P. ccxxvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates, Tolls, and Charges applicable thereto, of the Undertakers of the Navigation of the Rivers Aire and Calder. (Canal Rates, Tolls, and Charges (Navigation of the Rivers Aire and Calder) Order Confirmation.)

P. ccxxvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Tolls and Charges applicable thereto, of the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal. (Canal Tolls and Charges (Grand Junction Canal) Order Confirmation.)

P. ccxxviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Tolls and Charges applicable thereto, of the Warwick and Birmingham Canal Company. (Canal Tolls and Charges (Warwick and Birmingham Canal) Order Confirmation.)

P. ccxxix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Carshalton, Festiniog, Macclesfield, Northampton, Ossett, and Richmond (Surrey), and to the Rural Sanitary District of the Wakefield Union. (Local Government Boards Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 13).)

PRIVATE ACT,

PRINTED BY THE QUEEN'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

1. AN Act to authorise the payment under certain conditions of a Legacy bequeathed by Louisa Anne Ryland to the General Hospital Birmingham. (Ryland's Estate.)

PRIVATE ACTS.

NOT PRINTED.

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Delamere Peter Fleming of Kingstown in the County of Dublin Master Mariner with Catherine Fleming his now Wife and to enable him to marry again and for other purposes. (Fleming's Divorce)

---

A.D. 1893.94.] Effect of Legislation. 457

TABLE

Showing the Effect of the Year's Legislation.

ACTS OF FORMER SESSIONS (IN CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER) REPEALED OR AMENDED BY ACTS OF 56 & 57 VICT.

Statute and Chapter.

20 Hen. 3. (Slat.

Mert.) c. i.

13 Edw. 1. (Slat. West.) c. 46.

27 Eliz. c. 4 43 Eliz. c. 2

1 Jas. 1. c. 21 -

3 Jas. 1. c. 10 -

7 Jas. 1. c. 5

21 Jas. 1. c. 12 -3 Chas. 1. c. 2.

29 Chas. 2. c. 3 -31 Chas. 2. c. 2.

8 & 9 Will. 8. c. 27.

1 Anne c. 12 1 Anne at. 2. c. 6 6 Geo. 2. c. 35 -8 Geo. 2. c. 13 -

12 Geo. 2.:

c. 26 c. 28 c. 29

15 Geo. 2. c. 20 -17 Geo. 2. c. 3d -19 Geo. 2. c. 21 -

29 Geo. 2. c. 36 -81 Geo. 2. c. 22 -

7 Geo. 3. c. 35 -10 Geo. 3. c. 47 -

13 Geo. 3. c. 82 -15 Geo. 3. c. 53 -17 Geo. 8.:

c. 11

c. 56

28 Geo. 3. c. 15 -26 Geo. 3. c. 71 -28 Geo. 8. c. 7 -

30 Geo. 3. c. 46 -

33 Geo. 3. c. 52 -

[Short Title.]

Subject-matter or

Common

Common

How affected.

Chapter

of

56 St 57 Vict.

Amended

- '57.

Conveyances Poor Belief Brokers -

Conveyance of Offenders to Gaol Actions against Justices -Actions against Justices -Sunday Observance

Frauds and perjuries Habeas Corpus Escape from Prison

Amended S. 18 repealed Repealed S. 8 repealed

S. 1 " that such Bill " to " Provided further " rep. Ss. 15, 16 repealed S. 19 repealed S. 17 repealed

21.

61.

71, 8. 60.

61.

I 71, s. 60. 1

Repair of Bridges Escape from Prison Foreign Lotteries Engraving Copyright

- S. 7 repealed

- S. 5 repealed

- S. 82 repealed

- S. 3 repealed

Gold and Silver Wares -

Gaming

County Rates

Gold and Silver Thread

Poor Relief

Profane Oaths

Inclosure

Duties on Pensions Engraving Copyright East India Company Lying-in Hospitals Copyright

- S. 23 repealed S. 12 repealed

- S. 24 repealed

- S. 10 repealed -

- Ss. 9, 10 repealed

- S. 11 repealed -

- S. 10 repealed

- S. 79 repealed -

- S. 8 repealed

Ss. 5, 7 repealed -

- Ss. 17, 18 repealed

- S. 7 repealed

j }-61.

Woollen Manufactures -Frauds by Workmen Frauds in Dyeing Trade -Knackers

Gold and Silver Lice Annuity (Penn's Descendents)

East India Company

S. 24 repealed

S. 25 repealed

S. 15 repealed

S. 18 repealed -

S. 6 repealed

Repealed - 54 (Stat. Law

Rev.)

Ss. 24, 25, 32 rep. in part | 62.

* Acts continued annually by the Expiring Laws Continuance Act are not noticed in this Table. Repeals by Statute Law Revision Acts are not generally noticed, as being of little practical importance. When, however, a repeal extends to the whole Act, or even entire sections or schedules it is entered in the Table.

Chapter 56 & 57 Vict.

36 Geo. 3.:

c. 52 c. 52 c. 60 c. 88

38 Geo. 3. c. 5 -

39 Geo. 8.:

c. 79 c. 84

41 Geo. 3. c. 79 -

42 Geo. 3. c. 85 -

c. 119

43 Geo. 8. c. 159

45 Geo. 3. c. 28 -47 Geo. 8., Sees.

c. 15.

50 Geo. 8. C. 108

52 Geo. 8.:

c. 88 c. 155

53 Geo. 3. c. 127

54 Geo. 3.:

c. 91 c. 159 c. 164

55 Geo. 3. c. 194

57 Geo. 3. c. 19

58 Geo. 3. c. 45

c. 69

59 Geo. 3. c. 85 -

60 Geo. 3. and I Geo. 4. c. I.

c. 8

4 Geo. 4.:

c. 60 c. 80

5 Geo. 4.:

c. 83 c. 84

c. 96

6 Geo. 4.:

c. 50 c. 78

7 Geo. 4. c. 63 -7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 28

9 Geo. 4.:

c. 14 c. 61 c. 82 c. 92

10 Geo. 4. c. 24 -1 & 2 Will. 4.:

c. 22 c. 32 c. 41 c. 60

Legacy Duty -

Legacy Duty ... Metal Buttons -Sale of hay and straw Land Tax -

Unlawful Societies -Annuity (Heirs of Sir T. Clarges)

Public Notaries -Offences abroad by Public Officers Gaming -

Annuity (Lord Amherst)

Legacy Duty ... Duty, &c. on Plate (Ireland)

Fisheries (Scotland) -

Militia (England)

Places of Religious Worship Ecclesiastical Courts

Overseers of the Poor Harbours -

Annuity (Lord Exmouth)

Apothecaries ... Seditions Meetings -Church Building ... Vestries -

Vestries -Unlawful Drilling

Blasphemous and seditious libels

Suppression of Lotteries -Employment of Lascars, &c.

Vagrancy -

Transportation

Masters and Workmen -

Juries -

Quarantine -County buildings -Criminal Law (England)

Contracts (evidence) Alehouse

Lighting of Towns (Ireland) Savings Banks Government Annuities -

London Hackney Carriage Game -Special Constables Vestries

S. 82 rep. (except as to S.) S. 47 repealed S. 21 repealed -8. 81 repealed S. 89 repealed -

S. 37 repealed Repealed

S. 17 repealed S. 6 to " always that" S. 8 repealed Repealed -

rep.

S. 12 repealed

Ss. 6, 7, 10, 11, 18 repealed

S. 15repealed (but sees.3)

S. 206 repealed -S. 18 repealed S. 12 repealed

Rep. as to rural parishes S. 27 repealed Repealed

S. 30 repealed Ss. 32, 33 repealed S. 83 repealed -Ss. 1-4 rep. as to parish meetings and parish councils.

Rep. as to parish meetings Ss. 5, 6 repealed

Ss. 8, 9 repealed

S. 68 repealed -S. 38 repealed

S. 19 repealed Ss. 27, 28 repealed Ss. 33, 84 repealed

Ss. 58, 59 repealed S. 37 repealed S. 21 repealed -S. 9 repealed

S. 7 repealed S. 30 repealed S. 74 repealed -S. 85 repealed S. 51 repealed

S. 73 repealed S. 47 repealed -S. 19 repealed Rep. as to parish meetings (except s. 39).

53, s. 51. 61.

54 (Stat. Law Rev.)

54 (Stat. Law Rev.)

61.

54 (Stat Law Rev.)

61.

73, 8. 89.

61.

54 (Stat. Law Rev.)

61.

73, s. 89.

61.

54 (Stat. Rev.)

71, s. 60.

69.

61.

73, 8. 89.

Law

j Chapter How affected. of

56 & 57 Vict.

2 & 8 Will. 4.:

c. 75 c. 93 c. 120

Anatomy

Ecclesiastical Courts Stage Carriages -

- S. 17 repealed

- S. 5 repealed

- S. 116 repealed

1

J

61.

8 & 4 Will. 4.:c. 14 c. 85

c. 90 c. 98

4 & 5 Will. 4.C. 76

6 & 6 Will. 4. c. 50

6 & 7 Will. 4.:

c. 37 c. 71

7 Will.4.& 1 Vict.:

c. 36 c. 45 c. 84 c. 88 c. 90

c. 91

2 & 8 Vict.:

c. 50

c. 71 c. 94

3 & 4 Vict.:

c. 43 c. 50 c. 65 c. 88

4 & 5 Vict.:

c. 80 c. 35

5 & 6 Vict.:

c. 28

c. 45 c. 57 c. 97 c. 106

6 & 7 Vict.:

c. 40 c. 54

c. 73 c. 86

7 & 8 Vict.:

c. 19 c. 22 c. 101

c. 107

c. 108

Savings Banks Government of India

Lighting and Watching -China Trade

Poor Law Amendment -

Highway

Bread

Tithe

- 29 repealed

- S. 63 " Commander in

chief or " repealed.

- S. 69 repealed S. 9 repealed

69.

.62.

61.

S. 104 repealed S. 41, and in part Ss. 38-40, 48 repealed.

S. 109 repealed S. 48 repealed in part

78, s. 89. 61.

73, s. 89.

- S. 30 repealed

- S. 94 repealed

61.

Post Office (Offences)

Parish Notices Forgery -Piracy -

Offences punishable by Transportation.

Abolition of punishment of Death.

S. 46 repealed -S. 8 repealed in part S. 3 repealed S. 5 repealed Repealed

S. 2 repealed

- i 73, s. 89.

54 (Stat. Law ' f Rev.)

Public Works (Ireland)

- S. 12 repealed

Metropolitan Police Courts Annuity (Duke of Marlborough)

Blenheim Palace Canals and River Police High Court of Admiralty County Police

S. 53 repealed

j> Repealed

S. 18 repealed S. 1 repealed S. 18 repealed

Ordnance Survey Copyhold

S. 14 repealed S. 95 repealed

- 14 (Stat. Law

Rev.)

- 61.

- 54 (Stat. Law

Rev.)

- 61.

- 114 (Stat. Law

- / Rev.)

: }«

Capital Punishment (Ireland) Copyright

Poor Law Amendment -Double costs, &c.

Fisheries (Ireland)

- S. 19 repealed

- S. 26 repealed

- Ss. 8, 11 in part, 15 rep.

- S. 2 repealed

- Ss. 21, 95, 99 repealed -

54 (Stat. Law Rev.)

61.

78, s. 89.

61.

14 (Stat. Law

Rev.)

Hosiery -

Limitations of Time for Presentations to Churches (Ireland). Solicitors -

London Hackney Carriage

S. 31, repealed in part S. 4 repealed

Schedule II. repealed S. 47 repealed

61.

54 (Stat. Law Rev.)

Bailiffs of Inferior Courts Gold and Silver Wares -Poor Law Amendment -

Offices of Superior Courts of Law (Ireland).

Fisheries (Ireland)

S. 8 repealed S. 18 repealed Ss. 17, 20, 24, 61 in part, repealed.

S. 38 repealed

S. 3 repealed

r

73, s. 89.

}14 (Stat. Rev.)

Law

Statute Chapter

[Short Title.]

and Subject-matter or How affected. of

Chapter. 56 & 57 Vict.

8 & 9 Vict.:1

c. 34 Abolition of Seal Office, Court

c. 51 of Queen's Bench, &c. Ecclesiastical Patronage (Ireland). j» Repealed I 54 (Stat. Law j Rev.)

c. 63 Geological Survey S. 5 repealed 1 61.

c. 101 Duty on Coal Repealed, 54 (Stat. Law

' Rev.)

c. 108 Fisheries (Ireland) Ss. 5, 6, 16, 24, 25 rej». -, 14 (Stat Law

i Rev.)

c. 109 Gaming - Schedule II. repealed 54 (Stat Law

Rev.)

c. 118 Inclosure - S. 165 repealed - 61.

& & 10 Vict.:

c. 57 Gauge of Railways Ss. 8, 5 repealed ' 54 (Stat. Law

S. 37 rep. (except as to S.) Rev.)

c. 101 Public Money Drainage 1 53, s.51.

10 Ml Vict.: 1 i

c. 16 Commissioners Clauses S. 103 repealed 61.

C. 32 Landed Property (Ireland) S. 53 repealed 53, s. 51.

C. 89 Town Police Clauses S. 14 "any mischief by 10, s. 8.

fire and " repealed.

c. 96 Trustee - Repealed 53, s. 51.

11 & 12 Vict.:

c. 44 Justices Protection Ss. 10 to "always that". 61.

11, 12, 14 repealed.

c. 68 Trustee (Ireland) Repealed 53, s. 51.

c. 83 Duchies of Cornwall and Lancaster S. 12 repealed 61.

12 & 13 Vict.:

c. 16 Justices Protection (Ireland) - Ss. 8, 9, 12, 18 in part, 14 61.

repealed.

c. 74 Trustee - Repealed 53, s. 51.

c. 92 Cruelty to Animals S. 27 repealed 61.

c. 97 Dublin Improvement S. 51 repealed 14 (S.L.R.)

c. 109 Office of Petty Bag Repealed (except ss. 29-31, 45). 54 (Stat. Law Rev.)

13 & 14 Vict.:

c. 57 Vestries ... Ss. 6-9 rep. as to parish 73, s. 89.

Australian Colonies meetings.

c. 59 Ss. 7-10, 13, 16, 21, 22,

26, 37 rep.; ss. 2, 3 rep. at to Victoria; ss.

11, 14, 15, 27, 32 rep. as to Victoria and Western Australia; ss. 18, 19, schs. rep. as to Victoria, 54 (Stat. Law Rev.)

Tasmania, and South Australia. 1 '

c. 60 Trustee - Ss. 7-19, 22-25, 29, 82- 53, s. 51.

36, 46, 47, 49, 54, 55, residue in part, rep.

c. 88 Fisheries (Ireland) Ss. 16, 82, 33, 55 rep. - j 14 (S.L.R.)

14 & 15 Vict.:

c. 83 Administration of Justice Ss. 21 repealed - - J 54 (S.L.R.)

c. 105 Poor Law Amendment - Ss. 2, 3 repealed - 73, s. 89.

15 & 16 Vict.:

c. 55 Trustee - - Ss. 1-5, 8, 9, residue in part, repealed. 58, s. 51. 14 (SX.R.)

C. 72 New Zealand - S. 34 rep. (with savings) j

c. 80 | Office of Master in Ordinary - j S. 60 repealed - 54 (S.L.R.)

I t i

Chapter 56 & 57 Vict.

16 & 17 Vict.:

c. 65 c. 113

17 & 18 Vict.:

c. 76 c. 82 c. 103

18 & 19 Vict.:

c. 91 c. 119 c. 120

c. 122 19 & 20 Vict.:

c. 9

C. 30 C. 43 C. 59 c. 60

c. 68

c. 69 c. 97 c. 102

c. 112

20 Vict. c. 9

20 & 21 Vict.:

c. 60

c. 79

21 & 22 Vict.:

c. 52 c. 72

c. 95

c. 97

22 Vict. c. 11 -

22 & 23 Vict.: c. 21 c. 31 c. 32

Vestries -

Common Law Procedure Amendment (Ireland).

Convict Prisons (Ireland)

Court of Chancery of Lancaster Towns Improvement (Ireland) -

Merchant Shipping Passengers -

Metropolis Management

Metropolitan Building

Public Money Drainage

Annuity (Sir W. F. Williams) -Redemption of Annuities Revenue (Transfer of Charges) Mercantile Law Amendment (Scotland).

Prisons (Ireland)

County and Borough Police Mercantile Law Amendment Common Law Procedure (Ireland).

Metropolis Management Amendment.

Annuity (Rt. Hon. C. S. Lefevre) Irish Bankrupt and Insolvent -

Probates and Letters of Administration (Ireland).

Clerk of Nisi Prius (Ireland) -Landed Estates Court (Ireland)

Court of Probate

Public Health

East India Loan -

Queen's Remembrancer Court of Probate (Ireland) County and Borough Police

Rep. as to parish meetings Ss. 36. 46, 47, 52, 60, 65-67, 103-108, 120-125, 159, 160, 163, 191-193 repealed.

Ss. 7, 9 repealed -S. 11 repealed S. 95 repealed

S. 10 repealed in part S. 93 repealed Ss. 200, 201 repealed Schs. A., B. amended -Ss. 6, 13-27, 54, and in part 30, 235, repealed. S. 108 repealed

S. 14 repealed

Repealed

j- Repealed in part Ss. 1-5 repealed -

Ss. 7, 20, 21 repealed

S. 9 repealed in part Ss. 1, 2 repealed -Ss. 37, 51-54, 60, 61, 76, 78-80, 84, 90 (as to Bills of Exchange), 91, 99-102 repealed.

Ss. 6-8 repealed

Repealed

Ss. 19, 32, 33, 37-40, 42-48, 53, 58, 77, 141, 387, 400-408, Sch. Z. repealed.

S. 822 repealed -Ss. 10, 30, 35, 37-40, 42-45, 64, 105-108,

121, Sch. B. repealed.

Ss. 2, 3 repealed Ss. 9-13, 17-19, 83-35, 38, 46, 48, 88 rep.

S. 7 repealed

Ss. I, 3, 5, 6 repealed

Ss. 2, 3 amended

Ss. 10-14 repealed Ss. 2, 6, 26-30, 32 rep. -S. 3, "be capable" to "shall any such constable, " rep.

78, s. 89.

14 (Stat. Law Rev.)

' 53, s. 51.

61.

53, s. 51.

61.

54 (S.L.R.)

55, 8. 3.

73, 8. 89.

61.

14 (Stat. Rev.) Law

[54 (Stat. f Rev.) Law

71, s. 60.

14 (Stat. Rev.) 6. 71, s. 60. Law

14 (Stat Rev.) Law

73, s. 89.

54 (Stat. Rev.) Law

14 (Stat. Rev.) Law

53, s. 51.

14 (Stat. Rev.) Law

54 (Stat. Law Rev.)

14 (Stat. Law Rev.)

70, s. 5.

1 14 (Stat. Law J Rev.)

Effect of Legislation.

[56 & 57 Vict,

[Short Title.]

Statute and Chapter. Subject-matter or How affected. Chapter 56 & 57 Vict.

22 & 23 Vict. — j 1 ! I

cont. i 1

c. 35 Law of Property Amendment -East India Loan - ' Ss. £6, SO, 81 repealed - 53, s. 51.

c. 39 Ss. 2, 3 amended 1 70, s.5.

c. 52 | Dublin Police - 1; Ss. 6, 12 repealed:14 (Stat. Law Rev.)

c. 66 | 28 & 24 Vict.:Sale of Gas - Ss. 27, 28 repealed 1 1 61.

c. 30 Public Improvements S. 4, " in value " repealed, 73, s 89.

c. 38 Law of Property Amendment - | S. 9 repealed 53, s. 51.

c. 90 Game Licences - Extended 7, 8.2.

c. 130 East India Loan - 1 Ss. 2, 8 amended 1 70, s. 5.

c. 154 Landlord and Tenant (Ireland) - Ss. 49, 67, 74 repealed - 14 (Stat. Law Rev.)

24 & 25 Vict.:

c. 25 East India Loan j Ss. 2, 3 amended - 70, s. 5.

c. 48

c. 84 C. 91 c. 96 c. 97 c. 98 c. 99

C. 101 C. 104 25 & 26 Vict.: c. 23 c. 23

c. 35

c. 46 C. 48 C. 50 c. 62 C. 67

c. 69 c. 84 C. 89 C. 97 C. 102

c. 103 c. 104 c. 105 c 106 c. 107 c. 108

26 & 27 Vict.:

c. 27 c. 42 c. 46 c. 49 c. 57 c. 66 c. 69 c. 73

Costs under Landlord Tenant (Ireland) Act. Trusts (Scotland)

Revenue (No. 2)

Larceny

Malicious Damage Forgery

Coinage Offences -

Statute Law Revision -Indian High Courts

Revenue -

Summary Procedure on Bills of Exchange (Ireland). Public-houses Acts Amendment (Scotland).

Chancery Regulation (Ireland) -New Zealand -Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland) Elections for Counties (Ireland) Declaration of Title

Harbours Transfer Excise on Sugar Companies -Salmon Fisheries (Scotland) Metropolis Management

Union Assessment Queen's Prison Discontinuance -Highland Roads and Bridges -County Surveyors (Ireland) Juries -

Confirmation of sales, &c. by Trustees.

Marriage Law (Ireland) Amendment of 20 & 21 Vict. c. 23 London Coal and Wine Duties -Duchy of Cornwall Management Regimental Debts Prisons (Ireland)

Royal Naval Reserve

Indian Stock -

and ! Repealed

S. 3 repealed S. 17 extended -S. 113 repealed S. 71 repealed S. 52 repealed S. 40 repealed -S. 83 repealed Schedule repealed S. 17 repealed -

S. 2 repealed Repealed

Ss. 7, 28, 88, Sch. D. rep.

j- Repealed

S. 1 repealed:S. 4 repealed 1 S. 42 repealed

I S. 2 repealed Repealed -

S6. 2, 88 repealed Ss. 5, 9, 14 repealed Ss. 2, 31, 33, 94, 108, 111, Sch. A. repealed.

S. 106 repealed

Ss. 36, 40 in part, repealed

Ss. 2, 5 repealed in part -

Ss. 4-7 repealed -

Ss. 4-6, 9-18, 22 rep.

S. 3 repealed

Ss. 8, 7 repealed -

Repealed

S. 17 repealed -j- Repealed

Ext.; ss. 3, 22 rep. in part

Repealed

Repealed

Ss. 4, 5 repealed

S. 4 rep. (except as to S.)

I 14 (Stat. Law | Rev.)

7, s. 2.

154 (Stat. Law J Rev.)

61.

1 14 (Stat Law J Rev.)

14 f(Stat. Law Rev.)

54 (Stat. Law Rev.)

}14 (Stat. "Law Rev.)

54 (Stat. Law Rev.)

61.

J- 73, s. 89.

I 14 (Stat Law J Rev.)

53, s. 51.

(Stat

Rev.)

20.

5, s. 32.

\ 14 (Stat J Rev.) 53, s. 51.

Law

Law

A.D. 1893.94.]

Effect of Legislation.

463

Statute and Chapter.

26 & 27 Vict — cont.

c. 76 c. 79 c. 87

c. 103 c. 108 c 115 c. 122 C. 125

27 & 28 Vict:

c. 8

c. 17 c. 20 c. 22

c. 24 c. 25

c. 80

c. 35 c. 50 c. 65 c. 77 C. 99

C. 110 c. 113 C. 114

c. 118 28 & 29 Vict.:

c. 5 c. 15

c. 27 c. 81 c. 36 c. 37

c. 88

c. 43

c. 46 c. 48 c. 49

c. 70 c. 72 c. 73

c. 78 c. 88 c. 89 c. 90

Letters Patent in Colonies Prison Ministers Trustee Savings Banks

Misappropriation by Servants Vaccination (Scotland) -Trusts (Scotland)

Judges' Circuits Statute Law Revision

Conveyancers, Special Pleaders, &c. (Ireland).

Abolition of Vestry Cess -Promissory Notes, &c. (Ireland) Registration of County Voters (Ireland).

Naval Agency and Distribution -Naral Prize -

Circuits of Court of Justiciary (Scotland).

Sale of Beer (Ireland) Amendment of 25 & 26 Vict. c. 7 Clerks of the Peace Removai -Ion:an States -Civil Bill Courts Procedure Amendment (Ireland).

Limited Penalties Thames Conservancy Improvement of Land

Salmon Fisheries (Scotland)

British Kaffraria High Courts of Judicature India.

Parliamentary Costs Vagrancy (Ireland) Amendment County Voters' Registration County of Sussex

Commissioners of Supply Meetings (Scotland).

Married Women's Property (Ireland).

Militia -

Courts of Justice Building Courts of Justice Concentration (Site).

Constabulary (Ireland)

Navy and Marines (Wills)

Naval and Marine Pay and Pensions.

Mortgage Debenture Record of Title (Ireland) Greenwich Hospital -Metropolitan Fire Brigadi

S. 5 repealed S. 5 repealed

S. 39 to " provided that " repealed.

S. 6 repealed - - ")

S. 1 repealed -

Repealed

Schedule repealed

"I 14 (Stat. J Rev.) 69.

Law

S. 1 repealed

Repealed S. 2 repealed Ss. 1-8, 13, Scheds. rep.

S. 27 repealed S. 56 repealed - - 1 j

S. 51 repealed Repealed -

S. 2 repealed Repealed -

Repealed with savings -Ss. 1, 2, 4 repealed S. 1, Schs. B. (Parts IV., V.), C. repealed.

Rep., except as to Ireland S. 62 amended S. 1 repealed

S. 9 ext. as to Scotland -Ss. 60 (as to trustees),

61 rep. (except as to S.)

S. 1 repealed

Repealed S. 1 repealed

I

S. 11 repealed -Repealed -

Schedule B. repealed Ss. 1, 3, 9, 10, 12, 14, 15,

17, Schedule I. rep. Repealed

S. 4 repealed

S. 1 repealed Ss. 3, 16 repealed Ss. 4, 6-8, 12, 13, 19, 21, 23, 24, 26 repealed.

Ss. 10, 13 repealed Ss. 8, 9 repeal d S. 13 repealed

, 14 (Stat. f Rev.)

Law

61.

}14 (Stat. Rev.)

1 54 (Stat. / Rev.)

1 14 (Stat. J Rev.)

lxxxi.

14 (Stat Rev.)

34.

53, s. 51.

14 (Stat. ' Rev.)

54 (Stat. Rev.)

14 (Stat. Rev.)

Law-

Law

Law

Law

Law-

Law

Law-

53, 8. 5 t

14 (S:at.

G g

S. 40 rep. (except us to S.)

Ss. 2, 5 repealed -

Ss. 2, 10 repealed -, V R x

S. 85 rep aled - - ] "ev

Ss. 27, 28 repealed - 54 (Stat.

E'v)

Law

Law

Effect of Legislation.

[56 & 57 Vice

464

[Short Title.]

Statute and Chapter. Subject-matter or How affected. Chapter of 56 & 57 Vict.

!8 & 23 Vict. — i

cont. i

c. 94 Carriers Act Amendment S. 2 repealed - - i '

c. 104 Crown Snits, &c. S. 4 repealed -

c. 106 Colonial Docks Loans S. 15 repealed -

c. Ill Navy and Marines (Property of Ss. 12, 19 repealed - -, 14 (Stat. Law

Deceased). i Rev.)

c. 118 Peace Preservation (Ireland) - Repealed

c. 124 Admiralty Powers, &c. - Ss. 10, 11 repealed - i

c. 125 Dockyard Ports Regulation S. 25 repealed

S. 24 repealed - - i 61.

C. 126 Prison - Ss. 2, 7, 15, 22, 31-36, j 54 (Stat. Law

42, 48, 66, 68-74, 78- Rev.)

82, Schedules ]L, III. 1

repealed. 1

!9 & 30 Vict:Ss. 49, 50 repealed - } 61.

c. 5 Savings Bank Investment Ss. 1, 2 repealed -

C. 17 Cattle Sheds in Burghs (Scot- S. 9 repealed -

land).

c. 18 East India Military, c. Funds Ss. 1, 3 repealed- - 1

1 1 Transfer.

c. 19 ! Parliamentary Oaths Ss. 2, 4 repealed - - i

c. 25 1 ' Exchequer Bills and Bonds Ss. 1, 2, 31 repealed -

c. 37 Hop (Prevention of Fraud) S. 14 repealed -

c. 89 Exchequer and Audit Depart- S. 47, Sch. C. repealed -

ments. 1

c. 43 | Naval Savings Banks - Ss. 2, 3 repealed -

c. 50 Burial in Burghs (Scotland) Repealed -

c. 51 Lunacy (Scotland) S. 3 repealed - - ,

c. 53 Expenses of Prosecutions S. 8 repealed

c. 62 Crown Lands - S. 16, Sch. I. repealed -

c. 68 Superannuation ... Ss. 7, 8 repealed - 14 (Stat. Law

c. 73 Public Works Loans (Ireland) - Ss. 2-6 repealed - ' Rev.)

c. 74 New South Wales and Van S. 1 repealed -

Diemen's Land.

C. 81 1 Ecclesiastical Leases (Isle of Repealed - -;

Man).

C. 84 Attorneys and Solicitors (Ire- Ss. 88, 45 repealed -

land). i

c. 88 Oyster Bed Licences (Ireland) - S. 5 repealed

c. 95 Railway Companies (Ireland) S. 2 repealed - - I

Temporary Advances. 1

c. 97 Oyster Fishery (Ireland) Ss. 1, 16 repealed -

c. 99 | Landed Estates Court Ss. 1-3, 6-13 repealed -

c. 100 1 Prisons - Repealed - (

c. 109 Naval Discipline - - Schedule repealed - .

c. 113 Poor Law Amendment - Ss. 5, 16, 19 repealed . [

c. 115 Straits Settlements S. 1 repealed

c. 117 Reformatory Schools S. 14 to "justiciary or 48, 8. 4.

sheriff" repealed.

10 & 31 Vict.:

c. 3 | British North America Ss. 2, 25, 42, 43, 81, 89, 14 (Stat. Law

127, 145 repealed. Rev.)

c. 6 Metropolitan Poor S. 79 repealed 73, s. 89.

c. 15 1 Shipping Dues Exemption Ss. 2, 5-9 repealed -

c. 16 1 Canada Railway Loan Ss. 2, 3 repealed 1 14 (Stat. Law

c. 17 Lyon King of Arms (Scotland) S. 12, Sch. A. repealed - f Rev.)

c. 35 Criminal Law - S. 12 repealed J

C. 44 Chancery (Ireland) Ss. 5, 6, 20, 23, 26-40, 43- 54 (Stat. Law

108, 110, 129-164, 171- Rev.)

190, 192, 193, Sch. B.

repealed.

c. 46 County Treasurers (Ireland) - S. 16 repealed \14 (Stat. Law

c. 48 Sale of Land by Auction S. 2 repealed J Rev.)

465

Statute Chapter

[Short Title.]

and Subject-matter or How affected. of

Chapter. 56 & 57 Vict.

80 & 81 Vict. —

cont.

c. 50 Bridges (Ireland) S. 2 repealed Law

c. 59 Statute Law Revision Schedule repealed - 14 (Stat.

c. 70 Public Records (Ireland) S. 7 repealed Rev.)

c. 75 Offices and Oath3 S. 2 repealed

c. 84 Vaccination S. 1, Schedule repealed - 154 (Stat. Law

c. 87 Court of Chancery Ss. 1, 2, 8 repealed Repealed - Rev.)

c. 89 Stamp Duty Composition (Ireland).

c. 95 Dublin Metropolitan Police S. 1 repealed 14 (Stat.

c. 101 Public Health (Scotland; S. 6 repealed Law

c. 102 Representation of the People - Ss. 10, 12, 18, 20, 22, 23, Rev.)

32, 86, 53, Schedules C., D., E., G. repealed.

c. 105 Councils of Conciliation S. 19 repealed

c. 106 Poor Law Amendment S. 25 repealed 54 (Stat. Law

Rev.)

Ss. 4-6, 9, 10 in part, 12 73, s. 89.

repealed. 54 (Stat.

c. 114 Court of Admiralty (Ireland) - Ss. 8, 18, 84-86, 90, 92, Law

* 98, 95-105, 108, 110, 121-123 repealed. Rev.)

c. 118 District Lunatic Asylums Officers Ss. 7, 9 repealed 14 (Stat. Law-

(Ireland). Rev.)

c. 122 Courts of Law Fees Ss. 1-8, 8, 9, Schs. I.-III. repealed. !

c. 129 Chancery, &c. Offices (Ireland) - Ss. 2, 3, 5, 6, 9, 11, 12, 24, 54 (Stat Law

26, 29-31, 34-43, 46, 47, 50-52, 58-60, Schedules repealed Rev.)

c. 130 Agricultural Gangs S. 2 repealed -

81 & 82 Vict.:c. 17 London Coal and Wine Duties - jl 14 (Stat. Rev.) Law

c. 19 Ecclesiastical Commissioners - Repealed

c. 21 Prison Officers Compensation -:J

c. 32 Endowed Schools S. 6 repealed ' 14 (Stat. Law

c. 40 Partition - Ss. 10, 11 repealed S. 7 repealed / Rev.)

53, s. 51.

C. 44 Religious, &c. Buildings (Sites) i Repealed

c. 46 Boundaries ... Ss. 6-10, Schedules III., IV., V. repealed. 14 (Stat. Rev.) Law

c. 48 Representation of the People Ss. 7, 21, 30, 43, Sch. G.

(Scotland). repealed.

c. 50 Prisons (Scotland) Repealed (except s. 1) - 54 (Stat. Law

Rev.)

c. 55 Courts of Law Fees (Scotland) - S. 7 repealed

c. 57 New Zealand (Legislative Council) Repealed

c. 58 Parliamentary Electors - S. 33 repealed

c. 64 Laud Registers (Scotland) Ss. 11, 22, 28 repealed -

c. 67 Police Rate - S. 4 repealed

c. 69 Libel (Ireland) - Repealed

c. 71 County Courts - S. 9 repealed

c. 75 Juries (Ireland) - - Repealed

c. 77 Divorce Amendment Ss. 1, 3, 6 repealed S. 2 repealed 14 (Stat. Law

c. 78 Admiralty Suits - Rev.)

c. 82 County General Assessment, S. - S. 2 repealed

c. 84 Entail (Scotland) S. 7, Seh. repealed

c. 88 Courts of Chancery (Ireland) - S. 1, Sch. repealed

c. 92 New Zealand - Repealed

c. 95 Court of Justiciary (Scotland) Ss. 2-9, 12, 14, 15, 17, Sch. (A.) repealed.

c. 97 Lunatic Asylums (Ireland) S. 11 repealed

C. 100 Court of Session Ss. 3, 27, 31, 64 repealed

(J g 2

Statute I | |~ Chapter

[Short Title.]

and | Subject-matter or 1 How affected. 1 of

Chapter. j 56 & 57 Vict.

31 & 32 Vict. —

cont.

c. 101 Titles to Land (Scotland) Ss. 16, 49, 53, 56, 57, 8«>-

82, 89, 94, 95, 97-99,

c. 105 Rupert's Land - 115, Schs. E., I., R., V. repealed. Repealed 14 (Stat. Law ' Rev.)

c. 107 Indictable Offences S. 1 repealed

c. 108 Municipal Elections (Scotland) Ss. 13, 14, Sch. B. repealed J

c. 110 Telegraph - S. 10 repealed 54 (Stat. Law Rev.) 114 /Ci. a T —

c. 118 Public Schools - Ss. 15-19, 28, 30 -

c. 121 Pharmacy ... Ss. 4, 5 repealed 1 14 (btat. Lav J Her.)

c. 122 Poor Law Amendment - Ss. 3, 44 repealed -

S. 4 from " and the 73, s. 89.

powers" repealed.

c. 124 Inland Revenue S. 8, Sch. repealed 1 14 (Stat. Law

c. 125 Parliamentary Elections Ss. 54, 55, 59, Sch. rep. - j Rev.)

32 & 33 Vict.:

c. 9 Salmon Fishery (Ireland) S. 5, Sch. repealed 1

c. 19 Stannaries - - S. 45 repealed

c. 21 Corrupt Practices Commission S. 7 repealed

Expenses.

c. 24 Newspapers, &c. Repeal - Sch. I. repealed -

c. 27 Wine and Beerhouses Sch. I. repealed

c. 42 Irish Church - Ss. 3-6, 9, 10, 13-15, 17,

18, 21, 29, 31, 32, 40, 41, 43-47, 66 repealed. 1 1

C. 43 Diplomatic Salaries, &c. S. 2 repealed

C. 51 County Courts Admiralty Juris- S. 7 repealed

diction.

c 56 Endowed Schools S. 3 repealed 54 (Stat. Lav Rev.)

c. 59 Savings Banks Investment S. 2 repealed

c. 62 Debtors - S. 9 repealed

c. 69 Jamaica Loans - S. 10, Sch. repealed

c. 78 Telegraph - Ss. 8, 22, Sch. repealed -Repealed

c. 77 Basses Lights -

c. 82 Metropolitan Building - S. 3 repealed

c. 83 Bankruptcy Repeal and In- I

solvent Court. V Repealed

c. 88 Diocese of Calcutta

c. 91 Courts of Justice (Salaries and Ss. 2, 29 repealed

Funds).

C. 92 Fisheries (Ireland) Ss. 3, 4 repealed

C. 102 Metropolitan Board of Works - Ss. 8, 29 repealed

c. 106 East India Loan S. 1 repealed J

Ss. 2, 3 amended - 70, s. 5.

C. 112 Adulteration of Seeds S. 10 repealed

c. 115 Metropolitan Public Carriage -Titles to Land (Scotland) S. 3 repealed

c. 116 S. 5 repealed

33 & 34 Vict.:

c. 15 County Court Buildings - S. 2 repealed

C. 21 Bridgwater and Beverley Dis- Repealed 54 (Stat. Law-

franchisement. Rev.)

c. 33 Salmon Acts Amendment S. 2 repealed - - >

c. 38 Sligo and Cashel Disfranchise- Repealed

ment.

c. 46 Landlord and Tenant (Ireland) S. 63 repealed

c. 60 London Brokers' Relief Repealed ...

c. 71 National Debt S. 29 rep. (except as to S.) 53, s. 51.

c. 75 Elementary Education S. 74 amended 51.

S. 91, Sch. IV. repealed - 54 (Stat. Law

Rev.)

S. 12 amended 78, s. 52 t.2).

<J -X.

. 77

i. 78

s. 79

83

!. 86

i. 88

109

116

c. 2

14

22

i. 27

30

!. 33

i. 85

!. 40

43

!. 47

!. 49

i. 78

!. 78

! 87

!. 91

!. 96

98

!. 99

101

107

110

112

c. 7

!. 13

23

25

>. 28

r. 30

!. 33

38

44

5. 48

51

55

60

s. 62

; . 73

77

». 82

!. 90

: . 93

C. 6

c. 9

!. 12

!. 31

s. 32

37

38

[Short Title.]

Subject-matter or

How affected.

Juries -

Tramways -

Post Office -Constabulary (Ireland) Sheriff.Courts (Scotland) Telegraph ...

Common Law Procedure Matrimonial Causes

Juries -

County Property

Lunacy Regulation (Ireland) -

Debenture Stock

Post Office (Duties)

Burial -

Metropolitan Police Court

(Buildings).

Primitive Wesleyan Methodist Society of Ireland. Ecclesiastical Dilapidations Metropolitan Board of Works -Matrimonial Causes (Ireland) -Clerk of the Peace, Lancashire -Regulation of Railways Sunday Observation Prosecution Judicial Committee Pedlars -Vaccination -Civil Bill Courts Procedure Chain Cables and Anchors Leeward Islands ... Merchant Shipping Prevention of Crime

County Buildings (Loans)

Irish Church Amendment iBle of Man Harbours Juries (Ireland)

Court of Queen's Bench (I.) -

Chain Cables and Anchors Ballot -

Infant Life Protection Court of Chancery (Funds) County Boundaries (Ireland) -Judges' Salaries Basses Lights -

Corrupt Practices (Municipal Elections).

Education (Scotland) -Merchant Shipping Metalliferous Mines Regulation -Income Tax (Public Offices) Irish Church Act Amendment -Pawnbrokers -

Turks and Caicos Islands Bastardy

Custody of Infants Matrimonial Causes East India Loan

Fairs -

Vagrant Act Amendment

S. I repealed S. 58 repealed Ss. 8, 18, Sch. I. repealed Ss. 15, 16 repealed S. 11 lepealed Ss. 2, 4-9, Sch. repealed -Ss. 1, 4 repealed -Ss. 2, 6, 9, 18, 21, 24, 26, 27, 30, 31 repealed.

i Ss. 3, 25 repealed -I Rep. (except as to S.)

] Repealed -Sch. repealed | S. 2 repealed

j S. 12 repealed

S. 68 repealed Ss. 7, 16, 18 repealed Ss. 5-8, 10, 16 repealed -Ss. I, 2, 8, 9 repealed S. 18 repealed S. 4 repealed Repealed S. 2 repealed -S. 2 repealed; S. 1 repealed -S. 11 repealed -Ss. 2, 4, 8, 9, 19, 21 rep. -S. 3 repealed -j S. 2 repealed

j- Repealed -

S. 2 repealed -j S. 2 repealed

; j- Repealed -

I S. 30 repealed S. 15 repealed -Ss. 2, 23, 26, Sch. I. rep.

S. 6 repealed -S. 3 repealed S. 5 repealed -Ss. 13, 14 repealed

Ss. 11, 20, 72 repealed -S. 2 repealed Ss. 2, 44 repealed S. 2 repealed -Ss. 13, 14 repealed S. 4, Sch. I. repealed

Repealed

S. 3, Sch. I. repealed S. 1 repealed Sch. repealed Amended. Ss. 2, 3 virt. rep. in part.

[56 & 57 Vict.

1 Statute Chapter

[Short Title.]

and Subject-matter or How affected.

Chapter. 56 & 57 Vict.

36 & 37 Vict. —

cont. c. 42 Tithe Commutation - Repealed

c. 44 Government Annuities - Sch. repealed -

c. 48 Regulation of Railways S. 2 repealed -

c. 66 Supreme Court of Judicature - S. 22 repealed 54 (Stat. Rev.) Law

c. 71 Salmon Fisheries S. 3 repealed

c. 76 Railway Regulation Ss. 2, 3 repealed S. 2 repealed

c. 82 Small Penalties (Ireland)

c. 85 Merchant Shipping S. 82 repealed

c. 86 Elementary Education S. 8 repealed

37 & 38 Vict.:

c. 3 East India Loan - Ss. 2, 3 amended -S. 1 repealed 70, s. 5.

c. 12 East India Annuity Funds 'I

c. 15 Betting - S. 2 repealed

C. 21 Four Courts Marshalsea Repealed

c. 24 Harbour of Colombo Ss. 2, 4 repealed -

c. 25 British White Herring Fishery - Repealed

c. 45 County of Hertford and Liberty S. 2 repealed 54 (Stat. Law

of St. Alban. ‘ Rev.)

c. 48 Hosiery Manufacture (Wages) - S. 8 repealed

c. 49 Licensing - S. 2 repealed

c. 52 Mersey Collisions S. 2 repealed

c. 57 Real Property Limitation - S. 12 repealed

c. 78 Vendor and Purchaser - S. 2 repealed

c. 81 Great Seal (Offices) S. 3, 6 repealed - 53, s. 51.

c. 82 Church Patronage (Scotland) - S. 2 repealed

c. 83 Supreme Court of Judicature - Repealed

c. 84 Works and Public Buildings - Schedules repealed

c. 85 Public Worship Regulation S. 2 repealed S. 13, Schedule repealed S. 50 repealed

c. 86 Irish Reproductive Loan Fund - 1-

c. 88 Births and Deaths Registration -

c. 94 38 & 39 Vict.; Conveyancing (Scotland) | S. 68 repealed 54 (Stat. r T> \ Law

c. 17 Explosives - Ss. 2, 122, Sch. IV. rep S. 2 repealed Kev.)

c. 21 Public Entertainments -

c. 32 Survey (Great Britain) - Repealed

c. 84 Bishopric of St. Albans Ss. 2, 12 repealed Repealed

c. 85 South Wales Turnpike Trusts -

c. 89 Metalliferous Mines Regulation S. 2 repealed

c. 48 Police (Expenses) Repealed

c. 55 Public Health - - S. 264 repealed 61.

Ss. 201, 204, 312, Sch. 11., 1

and in part 6S. 8, 9, 200, i-78, s. 89.

248, Sch. I. repealed. J

c. 57 Pharmacy (Ireland) Ss. 18, 19 repealed - 54 (Stat. Law

Rev.

c. 60 Friendly Societies Amended - 80.

S. 2 repealed -

c. 61 Entail Amendment (Scotland) - S. 2 repealed - 54 (Stat. ' Rev.) Law

c. 68 Sale of Food and Drugs S. 35 repealed -

c. 65 Metropolitan Board of Works - S. 15 repealed -

c. 70 Chimney Sweepers S. 2 repealed.

c. 83 Local Loans - Ss. 21, 27 repealed S. 3 repealed - 53, 8. 51.

c. 84 Parliamentary Elections - S. 9 repealed -

c. 86 Conspiracy and Protection of Property. S. 2 repeuled 54 (Stat. ' Rev.) Law

c. 87 Land Transfer S. 3 repealed -

c. 89 Public Works Loans Ss. 2, 53, Sch. III. rep. S. 2 repealed.

c. 90 Employers and Workmen -

39 & 40 Vict.:

c. 86 Customs Consolidation Ss. 268-272 repealed - 61.

c. 45 Industrial and Provident Societies Repealed - 89, s. 80.

c. 49 Burghs Gas Supply (Scotland) - S. 16 amended 52.

[Short Title.]

Statute and Chapter. Subject-matter or How affected. Chapter 56 & 57 Vict.

39 & 40 Vict. —

cont. c. 59 Appellate Jurisdiction Amended - 22.

c. 61 Divided Parishes, See. Ss. 6, 8 rep. in part 78, s. 89.

c. 75 Rivers Pollution Prevention S. 3 explained 31.

c. 79 Elementary Education - - 1 S. 41 am.; s. 7 rep. in part 73, ss. 52 (2), 89.

40 & 41 Vict: i

c. 18 Customs, Inland Revenue, &c. - j S. 4 repealed 61.

c. 21 j Prisons -, Expl. and amend. 26.

c. 45 1 Treasury Chest Fund - - j S. 2* amended 18.

c. 51 India Government Loan - | Am.; Ss. 2, 8, 6 virt. rep. 1 70, ss. 5, 20.

c. 59 Colonial Stock - in part. j S. 12 rep. (except as to S.) 53, s. 51.

41 & 42 Vict.:

c. 26 1 Parliamentary and Municipal S. 28 amended 73, s. 44 (6).

c. 52 Registration., 1 Public Health (Ireland) 1 j Ss. 237-243, 246 explained 33.

c. 74 j Contagious Diseases (Animals) - 1 S. 263 repealed | S. 5 amended 61. 43.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 60 ' East India Loan (5,000,000 - | Am.; Ss. 2, 3, 6 virt. rep. 70, ss. 5, 20.

43 Vict. c. 3 | Indian Salaries and Allowances in part. 1st Sch., " The Com- 62.

c. 10 \ East India Loan - mand rrs-in-Chief of Madras and Bombay, " repealed. Ss. 2, 3 amended - 70, s. 5.

c. 14 Customs and Inland Revenue - S. 8 repealed 39, 9. 80.

48 & 44 Vict.:

C. 8 Isle of Man Loans i S. 7 rep. as to trustees - 53, s. 51.

c. 19 Taxes Management ... Savings Backs - S. 20, subs. (l)-(6) rep. 61.

c. 36 Ss. 3(1) (6), (<?), (5), 5 in 69.

44 & 45 Vict: part, repealed.

I

c. 41 Conveyancing, Sec. Regulation of the Forces - Ss. 31-38 repealed i 53, s. 51.

c. 57 S. 51 repealed 5, 8. 82.

c. 58 Army - Ss. 24, 25, 32, 46, 49, 54, am.; Ss. 48, 182 rep. in part; s. 55 repealed. Ss. 191-193, Sch. V. rep. 4, ss. 4, 10.

54 (Stat. Law

8*8. 04, 07, 6U, 60, 67, 172, 179, 188 rep. in part. 6Z.

45 & 46 Vict.: i

c. 89 Conveyancing S. 5 repealed - 53, s. 51.

c. 50 Municipal Corporations S. 30 amended - - 9.

c. 74 Post Office (Parcels) S. 8 amended - 38, s. 1.

c. 75 Married Women's Property S. 1 (8) (4) repealed S. 7 amended 63. 70, s.21.

46 & 47 Vict. s 1

c. 42 Public Works Loans S. 12 amended - 65.

C. 47 i Provident Nominations and Small Intestacies. Repealed as to Industrial and Provident Societies. 39, s. 80.

c. 52 Bankruptcy - S. 147 repealed - - 53, s. 51.

c. 56 Education (Scotland) S. 10 repealed - 12, s. 4.

47 & 48 Vict. c. 70 Municipal Elections S. 36 (I) (A) repealed - 73, s. 89.

48 & 49 Vict.:

c. 15 Registration - Ss. 4, 5 amended - 73, s. 44 (6).

c. 28 East India Loan (10,000,000l.) - 8s. 2, 8 amended - 70, s. 5.

c. 53 Public Health - - Ss. 3, 4 repealed - 78, s. 89.

60 & 51 Vict:

c. 40 Savings Banks ... 1 S. 6 repealed - 69.

c. 48 Allotments - - ' Amended - 78.

Effect of Leg

[56 & 57 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Statute and Chapter. Subject-matter or Hew affected. Chapter 56 & 57 Vict.

51 & 52 Vict.:

c. 5 Oude and Rohilkund Railway Ss. 9, 10 amended - 70, s. 5.

c. 10 County Electors S. 7 (5) amended - 73, s. 44 (6).

c. 18 North Sea Fisheries Repealed (bnt date) - 17, s. 11.

c. 41 Local Government S. 57 (3) amended 73, s. 41.

c. 43 County Courts - - S. 53 repealed - 61.

c. 47 Law of Distress and Small Debts (Ireland). Amended ... 36.

c. 59 Trustee - Repealed (except as. 1, 8) 53, s. 51.

52 & 53 Vict. s

c. 8 Naval Defence - Amended - 45.

c. 32 Trust Investment Repealed (except ss. 1, 7) 1 58 a 51

c. 47 Palatine Court of Durham S. 8 repealed

c. 66 53 & 54 Vict.:Light Railways (Ireland) S. 6 (1) amended - 50.

C. 4 Army (Annual) - - S. 5 repealed 62.

c. 5 Lunacy - S. 140 repealed - 53, s. 51.

S. 331 repealed 61.

c. 6 South Indian Railway Purchase - Ss. 8, 9 amended - 70, 8. 5.

c. 21 Inland Revenue Regulation S. 28 repealed 61.

c. 45 Police - Ss. 13 (2), 18 (3) ext.; Sch. I. (11) (c) am. 10.

c. 68 Companies (Winding-up) S. 10 amended 58.

c. 65 Allotments ... Amended - 73.

c. 69 Settled Land S. 17 repealed 53, 8. 51.

c. 70 54 & 55 Vict: Housing of the Working Classes S. 83 explained 33.

c. 19 Seal Fishery (Behrings Sea) Repealed 23, 8. 5 (5).

c. 24 Public Accounts and Charges - S. 4 amended 50.

c. 34 Local Authorities Loans (Scotland). S. 5 (1) repealed; ss. 4, 6, 11, 14, 52 amended. 8, 88. 2, 4, 5.

c. 39 Stamp Act ... Ss. 82 ^2), 85 rep.; Sch. I. am. and rep. in part. 7, ss. 3, 4.

c. 48 Purchase of Land (Ireland) S. 39 in part, 40 (5) rep. 35.

c. 76 Public Health (London) - Amended - 47.

55 & 56 Vict.:

c. 13 Conveyancing and Law of Property. S. 6 repealed 53, 8. 51.

c. 19 Statute Law Revision Schedule amended 54 i^Stat. Law Rev.)

c. 31 Small Holdings - S. 16 amended 73, s. 6.

c. 42 Irish Education - Am; s. 17 (2) (5) rep. - 41.

c. 53 Public Libraries Am; s. 3 rep. as to urban districts. S. 1 (3), Sch. I. as to rural parishes, rep. 11. 73, 8. 89.

c. 55 Burgh Police (Scotland) Am.; s. 9 (2) (3) rep. - 25.

c. 62 Shop Hours - I S. 1 (3), Sch. I. in part rep 1 Amended 73, s. 89. 67.

56 & 57 Vict. c. 15 Reformatory Schools (Scotland) Repealed ... 48, s. 4.

471

[Local, private acts in classes removed.]

