THE

LAW REPORTS.

The Public General Statutes,

PASSED IN THE

SIXTY-SECOND AND SIXTY-THIRD YEARS

OF THE REIGN OF HER MAJESTY

QUEEN VICTORIA,

1899.

VOL. XXXVII.

LONDON:

PRINTED BY EYRE AND SPOTTISWOODE,

FOR

T. DIGBY PIGOTT, Esq., C.B., PRINTER TO HER MAJESTY OF ALL ACTS OF PARLIAMENT,

And Published for the Council of Law Reporting

By WILLIAM CLOWES AND SONS, Limited,

DUKE STREET, STAMFORD STREET; AND 14, CHARING CROSS.

PUBLISHING OFFICE, 27, FLEET STREET, E.C.

1899.

CONTENTS

Page

Ch. 1. Appropriation Act - 3

Ch. 2. Treasury Bills Act - 6

Ch. 3. Second Session (Explanation) Act - 6

THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES.

63 VICTORIA.

CHAPTER 1.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand niue hundred, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[27th October 1899.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Grant out of Consolidated Fund.

[Issue of 10,000,000l. out of the Consolidated Fund.]

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred, the sum of ten million pounds.

[Power for the Treasury to borrow.]

2. The Treasury may borrow from any person, and the Bank of England may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of ten million pounds, and the Treasury shall repay the moneys so borrowed, with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

4 Ch. 1. Appropriation Act, 1899, Session 2. 63 Vict.

Any moneys so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

Appropriation of Grants.

[Appropriation of sums voted for supply services.]

3. All sums granted by this Act out of the said Consolidated Fund towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty, amounting, as appears by Schedule (A.), in the aggregate, to the sum of ten million pounds are appropriated, and shall be deemed to have been appropriated as from the date of the passing of this Act, for the services and purposes expressed in Schedule (B.) annexed hereto.

The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed hereto, with the notes (if any) to such schedules, shall be deemed to be part of this Act in the same manner as if they had been contained in the body thereof.

[Treasury may, in certain cases of exigency, authorise expenditure unprovided for; provided that the aggregate grants for the army services be not exceeded.]

4. If a necessity arise for incurring expenditure not provided for in the sums appropriated to military services by this Act, and which it may be detrimental to the public service to postpone until provision can be made for it by Parliament in the usual course, the department entrusted with the control over the said service shall forthwith make application in writing to the Treasury for their authority to defray temporarily such expenditure out of any surpluses which may have been or which may be effected by the saving of expenditure upon votes within the same department, and in such application the department shall represent to the Treasury the circumstances which may render such additional expenditure necessary, and thereupon the Treasury may authorise the expenditure unprovided for as aforesaid to be temporarily defrayed out of any surpluses which may have been or which may be effected as aforesaid upon votes within the same department; and a statement showing all cases in which the military department has obtained the sanction of the Treasury to any expenditure not provided for in the respective votes aforesaid, accompanied by copies of the representations made to them by the said department, shall be laid before the House of Commons with the appropriation accounts of army services for the year, in order that such proceedings may be submitted for the sanction of Parliament, and that provision may be made for the deficiencies upon the several votes for the said services in such manner as Parliament may determine.

The Treasury shall not authorise any expenditure which may cause an excess upon the aggregate sums appropriated by this Act for army services.

[Short title.]

5. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Appropriation Act, 1899, Session 2.

1899. Appropriation Act, 1899, Session 2. Ch. 1. 5

ABSTRACT

OF

SCHEDULES (A.) and (B.) to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund - 10,000,000

SCHEDULE (B.) - Appropriation of Grants.

Army Supplementary, 1899-1900 - 10,000,000

SCHEDULE (A.)

Grant out of the Consolidated Fund.

For the service of the year ending 31st March 1900: —

Under this Act - 10,000,000

SCHEDULE (B.)

Army (Supplementary), 1899-1900.

Sum granted to meet additional expenditure in consequence of the military situation in South Africa, during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1900; viz.:—

Vote 1. Pay, &c. of the Army - 1,000,000

Vote 2. Medical establishments: Pay, &c. - 50,000

Vote 3. Militia: Pay, &c. - 250,000

Vote 6. Transport and remounts - 4, 900,000

Vote 7. Provisions, forage, and other supplies - 1, 900,000

Vote 8. Clothing establishments and services - 650,000

Vote 9. Warlike and other stores - 1, 150,000

Vote 10. Works, &c.: Cost (including staff for engineer Services) - 100,000

Total - £10,000,000

6 Ch. 2, 3. Treasury Bills Act, 1899. 63 Vict.

CHAPTER 2.

An Act to raise Money by Treasury Bills for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred.

[27th October 1899.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Power for Treasury to borrow.]

1. Towards raising the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred, the Treasury may at any time before that day raise any sum not exceeding eight million pounds by means of the issue of Treasury Bills.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Treasury Bills Act, 1899.

CHAPTER 3.

An Act to explain References in the Acts of the last Session of Parliament to the next ensuing Session.

[27th October 1899.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Explanation of references to next ensuing session.]

1. References in any Act passed in the last session of Parliament to the session next ensuing after that session shall be construed as references to the session beginning in the year nineteen hundred.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Second Session (Explanation) Act, 1899.

