THE

LAW REPORTS.

THE PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES,

PASSED IN THE

FIFTY-NINTH AND SIXTIETH YEARS

OF THE REIGN OF HER MAJESTY

QUEEN VICTORIA,

1896:

WITH

A LIST OF THE LOCAL AND PRIVATE ACTS,

TABLES SHOWING THE EFFECT OF THE SESSION'S

LEGISLATION,

AND A COPIOUS INDEX.

VOL. XXXIII.

LONDON:

PRINTED BY EYRE AND SPOTTISWOODE

FOR

T. DIGBY PIGOTT, Esq., C.B., PRINTER TO HER MAJESTY OF ALL ACTS OF PARLIAMENT,

And Published for the Council of Law Reporting,

By WILLIAM CLOWES AND SONS, Limited,

DUKE STREET, STANFORD STREET; AND 14, CHARING CROSS.

PUBLISHING OFFICE, 27, FLEET STREET, E.C.

1896.

CONTENTS.

I. Table of the Titles of the Public General Acts passed during the Session - iii

II. Table of the Titles of the Public Acts of a Local Character passed during the Session which are placed amongst the Local Acts - vii

III. Table of the Titles of the Local and Private Acts passed during the Session - 457

IV. Table showing the Effect of the Year's Legislation on Public General Acts - 482

V. Table of the Local and Private Acts arranged in Classes - 486

VI. Index to the Public General Acts - 496

TABLE I.

A

TABLE

OF

The Titles of the Public General Acts passed in the Second Session of the Twenty-Sixth: Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

59 & 60 VICTORIA. A.D. 1896.

1. AN Act to continue temporarily certain Powers for the Removal of Difficulties at Elections under the Local Government Act, 1894. (Local Government (Elections).) 1

2. An Act to provide, during twelve months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army. (Army (Annual).) 1

3. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six, and one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven. (Consolidated Fund (No. 1).) 4

4. An Act to prevent certain Disqualifications for Elections to Parish Councils of 1896. (Local Government (Elections) (No. 2).) 5

5. An Act to enable Women to be elected and act as Poor Law Guardians in Ireland. (Poor Law Guardians (Ireland) (Women).) 5

6. An Act to make provision for the Construction of Works in the United Kingdom and elsewhere for the purpose of the Royal Navy. (Naval Works.) 5

7. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven. (Consolidated Fund (No. 2).) 8

8. An Act to enable Life Assurance Companies to pay money into Court in certain cases. (Life Assurance Companies (Payment into Court).) 9

9. An Act to amend certain Provisions of the Local Government Act, 1888, with respect to the Determination of Differences by the Local Government Board. (Local Government (Determination of Differences).) 10

10. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Appointment of Members of Dispensary Committees in Ireland. (Dispensttry Committees (Ireland).) 10

11. An Act to remove certain Doubts with respect to the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890, so far as it applies to Ireland. (Housing of the Working Classes (Ireland).) 11

12. An Act for the bettor reporting of Floating Derelicts. (Derelict Vessels (Report).) 11

13. An Act to extend the time for the Repayment of Loans granted by Queen Anne's Bounty to Incumbents of Benefices. (Incumbents of Benefices Loans Extension.) 12

14. An Act to facilitate the Citation of sundry Acts of Parliament. (Short Titles.) 18

15. An Act to amend the Diseases of Animals Act, 1894. (Diseases of Animals.) 248

16. An Act to amend the Law with respect to the Rating of Occupiers of Agricultural Land in England, and for other purposes connected therewith. (Agricultural Rates.) 249

17. An Act to redescribe the Parliamentary Divisions of the City of Glasgow. (Glasgow Parliamentary Divisions.) 254

18. An Act to amend the Fisheries Acts relating to Norfolk and Suffolk. (Fisheries (Norfolk and Suffolk).) 257

19. An Act to make further Provision with respect to Epidemic, Endemic, and Infectious Diseases, and to repeal the Acts relating to Quarantine. (Public Health.) 258

20. An Act to amend the Public Health Act with respect to the Powers of Port Sanitary Authorities. (Public Health (Ports).) 261

21. An Act to amend the Procedure of the Liverpool Court of Passage. (Liverpool Court of Passage.) 261

22. An Act to exempt certain Chairmen of District Councils who have already taken the Oath from again taking the Oath before acting as Justices of the Peace. (Chairmen of District Councils.) 263

23. An Act for the Acquisition of a Site for Public Offices in Westminster, and for purposes connected therewith. (Public Offices (Westminster) Site.) 263

24. An Act for the Acquisition of Property for the Extension of the General Register House at Edinburgh. (Edinburgh General Register House.) 266

25. An Act to consolidate the Law relating to Friendly and other Societies. (Friendly Societies.) 269

26. An Act to consolidate the Enactments relating to Friendly Societies and Industrial Assurance Companies which receive Contributions and Premiums by means of Collectors. (Collecting Societies and Industrial Assurance Companies.) 309

27. An Act to amend the Law relating to Cabs in London. (London Cab.) 314

28. An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other Duties, to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue, and to make provision for the Financial Arrangements of the Year. (Finance.) 315

29. An Act to amend the Bishopric of Bristol Act, 1884. (Bishopric of Bristol Amendment.) 329

30. An Act to make better provision for the Prevention and Settlement of Trade Disputes. (Conciliation.) 330

31. An Act to amend the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890. (Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890, Amendment (Scotland).) 332

32. An Act to facilitate the Construction of Small Piers and Harbours in the Counties of Orkney and Zetland. (Orkney and Zetland Small Piers and Harbours.) 333

33. An Act to amend the Laws with respect to the Royal Naval Volunteers. (Royal Naval Reserve Volunteer.) 335

34. An Act to facilitate the Construction of Railways and the Establishment of other means of Communication in Ireland, and for other purposes incidental thereto. (Railways (Ireland).) 336

35. An Act to provide for the appointment of Judicial Trustees and otherwise to amend the Law respecting the Administration of Trusts and the Liability of Trustees. (Judicial Trustees.) 340

36. An Act to amend the Law with respect to the Use of Locomotives on Highways. (Locomotives on Highways.) 343

37. An Act to amend the Law with respect to the Classification of Lands and Heritages for purposes of Rating in Scotland, for the Relief of the Occupiers of Agricultural Lands and Heritages, for the creation of a Fund for the Improvement of Congested Districts in the Highlands and Islands, and for Relief from the Payment of the Land Tax in Burghs in Scotland. (Agricultural Rates, Congested Districts, and Burgh Land Tax Relief (Scotland).) 345

38. An Act to make provision for the Construction of a Railway in Africa, from Mombasa to the Victoria Nyanza, through the Protectorates of Zanzibar, British East Africa, and Uganda. (Uganda Railway.) 348

39. An Act to continue various Expiring Laws. (Expiring Laws Continuance.) 349

40. An Act to provide for raising further Money for the purpose of the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1892. (Telegraph (Money).) 353

41. An Act for paying to the Local Taxation (Ireland) Account a Share of the Estate Duty. (Local Taxation (Ireland) Estate Duty.) 354

42. An Act to grant Moneys for the purpose of certain Local Loans, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans. (Public Works Loans.) 354

43. An Act to amend the Coal Mines Regulation Act, 1887. (Coal Mines Regulation.) 357

44. An Act to amend the Truck Acts. (Truck.) 360

45. An Act for abolishing the Court of the Vice-Warden of the Stannaries. (Stannaries Court (Abolition).) 363

46. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. (Appropriation.) 366

47. An Act to further amend the Law relating to the Occupation and Ownership of Land in Ireland, and for other purposes relating thereto. (Land Law (Ireland).) 384

48. An Act to facilitate the Construction of Light Railways in Great Britain. (Light Railways.) 413

49. An Act to amend the Law relating to Law Agents and Notaries Public practising in Scotland. (Law Agents (Scotland) Act Amendment.) 427

50. An Act to provide for Superannuation Allowances to Poor Law Officers and Servants, and for Contributions towards such Allowances by such Officers and Servants; and to make other relative provisions. (Poor Law Officers' Superannuation.) 428

51. An Act to prevent Abuse of the Process of the High Court or other Courts by the Institution of Vexatious Legal Proceedings. (Vexatious Actions.) 434

52. An Act to amend the Law with respect to the Jurisdiction exerciseable in Cases relating to the Receipt or Possession of Stolen Property. (Larceny) 435

53. An Act to amend the Labourers (Ireland) Acts, 1883 to 1892. (Labourers (Ireland).) 436

54. An Act to amend the Acts relating to Public Health in Ireland. (Public Health (Ireland).) 439

55. An Act to make provisions relating to the offices of Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the Court of Quarter Sessions for the County of London. (Quarter Sessions (London).) 448

56. An Act to amend the Wild Birds Protection Acts. (Wild Birds Protection.) 450

57. An Act to provide for the Trial of Burglaries by Courts of Quarter Sessions. (Burglary) 450

58. An Act for authorising the Treasury to guarantee the Interest on certain Capital of the West Highland Railway Company, and pay a Sum of Money to that Company. (West Highland Railway Guarantee) 451

59. An Act to amend the Baths and Washhouses Acts. (Baths and Washhouses) 455

TABLE II

A

TABLE

OF

The Titles of the Public Acts of a Local Character passed during the Session which are placed amongst the Local Acts.

59 & 60 VICTORIA A.D. 1896.

ii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act 1870 to enable the School Board for Tottenham to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Provisional Order Confirmation (Tottenham).)

iii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to a portion of the Parish of Kensington St. Mary Abbotts and to the St. Olave and Strand Districts in the County of London. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (Notting Hill &c.).)

iv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order for forming a Compensation District and establishing a Compensation Board under the Brine Pumping (Compensation for Subsidence) Act 1891. (Brine Pumping (Compensation for Subsidence) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

v. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 relating to Cupar Water. (Water Order Confirmation.)

vi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Secretary for Scotland under Part I. of the Housing of the Working Classes Act 1890 relating to the City and Royal Burgh of Aberdeen. (Aberdeen Improvement Scheme Provisional Order Confirmation.)

vii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act 1863 and the Acts amending the same relating to the Bunkey Drainage District in the Counties of Limerick and Tipperary. (Drainage and Improvement of Lands Supplemental (Ireland).)

xxviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (Poor Law).)

xxix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Clitheroe Goole Halifax Llandudno Plymouth Stratford-upon-Avon Swansea and Wallasey. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

xxx. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Brighouse Fulstone-and-Hepworth Hanley-Stoke-and-Fenton Hertford-and-Ware Isle-of-Thanet Sittingbourne-and-Milton Stone Stroud and Wallsend-and-Willington-Quay Joint Hospital Districts. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 6).)

lxxiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Borough of Bridgwater and to the Counties of Cambridge and Hertford. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

lxxv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Counties of Devon Dorset Gloucester Somerset Warwick Wilts and Worcester. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

lxxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the City of Oxford and the Parish of Whitechapel. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (Poor Law) (No. 2).)

lxxvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Public Health (Scotland) Act 1867 and any Acts amending the same relating to Bonnybridge Dennyloanhead Parkfoot Longcroft Haggs and Hollandbush Water. (Bonnybridge &c. Water Order Confirmation.)

lxxviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act 1888 containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic and the Schedule of Maximum Rates Tolls and Charges applicable thereto for the Strabane Canal. (Canal Rates Tolls and Charges (Strabane Canal) Order Confirmation.)

lxxix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act 1888 containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic and the Schedule of Maximum Tolls and Charges applicable thereto for the Caledonian and Crinan Canals. (Canal Tolls and Charges (Caledonian and Crinan Canals) Order Confirmation.)

lxxx. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act 1888 containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic and the Schedule of Maximum Tolls and Charges applicable thereto for the Canals of the Burwell Fen Drainage and Navigation Commissioners and certain other Canals. (Canal Tolls and Charges (Burwell Fen &c.) Order Confirmation.)

lxxxi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State under the Metropolitan Police Act 1886 relating to lands in the parishes of St. John the Evangelist Westminster and All Saints Poplar. (Metropolitan Police Provisional Order Confirmation.)

lxxxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Cowes Folkestone Gloucester Huddersfield King's Lynn Manchester and Wells. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

lxxxiii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Colwyn Bay and Colwyn Devon port Godalming Kettering Kingstown and Sliddleton. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

lxxxiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Ashton-on-Mersey and Bucklow and Keswick. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 6).)

lxxxv. An Act to confirm two Provisional Orders made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Londonderry and Ballinasloe. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

lxxxvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Rural Sanitary District of the Belfast Union. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 4).)

lxxxvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Town of Portrush. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 5).)

lxxxviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Urban Sanitary District of Coleraine. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 6).)

lxxxix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Rural Sanitary District of the Sligo Union. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 7).)

xc. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Sanitary Districts of Queenstown Larne Manorhamilton and Donegal. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 8).)

xci. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Rural Sanitary District of the Sligo Union. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 10).)

xcii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Rural Sanitary District of Mullingar. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 12).)

xciii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1861 relating to the Langley Chedgrave and Toft Monks Marshes in the Parishes of Langley Chedgrave Toft Monks Stockton Haddiscoe Loddon Raveningham and Reedham in the county of Norfolk. (Land Drainage Supplemental.)

xciv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Birchington Bexhill Herne Bay Penzance Porthgain Stonehaven and Studland. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

xcv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Chester-le-Street and Pelton Gas Maidstone Gas and Settle Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation.)

xcvi. An Act to transfer the Upper and Lower Boyne Navigations to the Boyne Navigation Company (Limited). (Boyne Navigation Transfer.)

xcvii An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Merchant Shipping Act 1894 relating to the London and English Channel Pilotage District. (Pilotage Order Confirmation.)

xcviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Fort William Gas and Laindon Gas and Water. (Gas and Water Orders Confirmation.)

xcix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Public Health (Scotland) Act 1867 and any Acts amending the same relating to Kelty Water. (Kelty Water Order Confirmation.)

c. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Ports of Colchester Newcastle North Shields Plymouth South Shields and Weymouth. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (Ports).)

ci. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Axbridge Basford Bath Cambridge Carlisle Hanwell Richmond (Surrey) Southall-Norwood Stocksbridge Waltham-Holy-Cross and Woking. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 6).)

cii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Chorley Epsom-(Rural)-Sutton-Carshalton-and-Leatherhead Evesham Guildford-Godalming-and-Woking Havant Lanchester Liversedge-and-Mirfield and Luddenden Joint Hospital Districts. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 77).)

ciii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Church-and-Clayton-le-Moors Clayton-le-Moors-and-Great-Harwood Conway-and-Colwyn-Bay Stourbridge Upper-Stour-Valley Whitchurch and Ystradyfodwg-and-Pontypridd United Districts. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 8).)

civ. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Bromley-and-Beckenham Calverley Dewsbury North Bierley Pontefract Rochester-and-Chatham Tamworth Thornton Warwick and Wirral Joint Hospital Districts. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 9).)

cv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board Relating to Barnstaple Bournemouth (two) Devonport Oxford Prestwich Southport and Stapleton. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No.10).)

cvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Oakwell Sandown-and-Shanklin Tiverton and Uxbridge Joint Hospital Districts. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 11).)

cvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Accrington and Church Birmingham Tame and Rea Darenth Valley and Richmond (Surrey) United Districts. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 12).)

cviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Aberavon Ashton-under-Lyne Derby Hexham and Stalybridge and to the Braintree and Keighley-and-Bingley Joint Hospital Districts. (Local Government Boards Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 14).)

cix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the County of Hertford and the City of Liverpool (two). (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 17).)

cx. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Batley Darlington Haverfordwest Lancaster Manchester and Mountain Ash. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 18).)

cxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Burnley Leicester Oldham Wigan and Wolverhampton. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No 19).)

cxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 and the Public Health Act 1875 relating to Great Driffield Sandwich South Molton and Tiverton. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (Gas).)

cxiii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Warrington. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (Warrington).)

cxiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Public Health (Scotland) Act 1867 and Acts amending the same relating to Culter Water. (Culter Water Order Confirmation.)

cxv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Public Health (Scotland) Act 1867 and any Acts amending the same relating to Dalmeny and Kirkliston Water. (Dalmeny and Kirkliston Water Order Confirmation.)

cxvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Rural Sanitary District of Larne. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 9).)

cxvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Bray Cork Liverpool Queenstown Rathmines and Rathgar and Sale. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

cxviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Great Berkhamsted and Northchurch Great Crosby and Waterloo Margate and Pembroke Township. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

cxix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Battersea Camberwell and St. Saviour's District. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

cxx. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Aberdeen District Tramways Blackpool Corporation Tramways Bristol Tramways Dover Corporation Tramways Hull Corporation Tramways Manchester Corporation Tramways and Plymouth Corporation Tramways. (Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

cxxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Dunoon Helensburgh and Killybegs. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

cxxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Secretary of State under the Military Lands Act 1892. (Military Lands Provisional Orders Confirmation.)

clxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Amersham Beaconsfield and District Water Buinham and District Water East Huntingdonshire Water Hemel Hempstead Water Maidstone Water and Tilehurst Pangbourne and District Water. (Water Orders Confirmation.)

clxii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Urban Sanitary District of Armagh. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 2).)

clxiii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Rural Sanitary District of Listowel. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 11).)

clxiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Acts 1870 to 1893 to enable the School Boards for Acton Brighton- and-Preston United District Chiswick Linthwaite Swansea United District and Willesden to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Provisional Orders Confirmation (Acton &c.).)

clxv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act 1888 relating to the Classification of Merchandise Traffic and the Schedule of Maximum Bates and Charges of the Lee-on-the-Solent Light Railway Company the Liverpool St. Helens and South Lancashire Railway Company the Wrexham and Ellesmere Railway Company and the Donoughmore Extension Light Railway Company Limited. (Railway Rates and Charges (Lee-on-the-Solent Light Railway &c.) Order Confirmation.)

clxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Blyth and Cowpen Tramways Oldham Ashton-under-Lyne Hyde and District Electric Tramways Potteries Extension Tramways and Swansea (Constitution Hill) Tramway. (Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

clxvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Abergele and Pensarn Bridgnorth Caerphilly Knighton Litherland Swansea and Teignmouth. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

clxviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban District of Blackpool and the Rural Districts of Chelmsford Martley and South Mimms. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 16).)

clxix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating, to Cheltenham Shrewsbury and Warrington. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 20).)

clxx. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Wolverhampton (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 21).)

clxxi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Nottingham. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No, 22.).)

clxxii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Borough of Longton. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 24).)

clxxiii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act 1870 to enable the School Board for London to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Provisional Order Confirmation (London).)

clxxiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Board of Agriculture relating to the Regulation of Darwen Moor in the Borough of Darwen. (Commons Regulation (Darwen) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

clxxv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Allerton Little Woolton Much Woolton Childwall and Garston Bath and Merthyr Tydfil. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 7).)

clxxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to New Ross and Weston-super-Mare. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

clxxvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Emsworth and Oban, (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

clxxxv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Urban Sanitary District of Armagh. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 1).)

cvxxxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the counties of Bedford Chester Essex Flint Gloucester Hertford Huntingdon Middlesex West Suffolk and Wilts. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 13).)

ccxxxvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Plymouth. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 15).)

ccxxxviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board under the Housing of the Working Classes Act 1890 relating to Birkenhead and Leeds. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation Housing of Working Classes).)

THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES.

59 Victoria.

CHAPTER 1.

An Act to continue temporarily certain Powers for the Removal of Difficulties at Elections under the Local Government Act, 1894.

[6th March 1896.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Power of county council to remove difficulties.]

1. — (1.) If any difficulty arises with respect to any election of parish or district councillors or of guardians, or to the first meeting after any ordinary election of such councillors or guardians, or if, difficulties, from an election not being held, or being defective, or otherwise, the council or board has not been properly constituted, the county council may by order make any appointment or do anything which appears to them necessary or expedient for the proper holding of any such election or meeting, and properly constituting the council or board, and may, if it appears to them necessary, direct the holding of an election or meeting, and fix the dates for any such election or meeting.

[56 & 57 Vict. c. 78.]

(2.) Any such order may modify the provisions of the Local 56 vict-Government Act, 1894, and the enactments applied by, or rules c‘ 78‘ framed under, that Act, so far as may appear to the county council necessary or expedient for carrying the order into effect.

(3.) A county council may delegate their powers under this section to a committee.

[Duration.]

2. This Act shall continue in force until the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven, and no longer, unless continued by Parliament.

[Short title.]

3. This Act may be cited as the Local Government (Elections) Act, 1896.

CHAPTER 2.

An Act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

[27th March 1896.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping of a standing army within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in time of peace, unless it be with the consent of Parliament, is against law:

And whereas it is adjudged necessary by Her Majesty and this present Parliament, that a body of forces should be continued for

2 Ch. 2. Army (Annual) Act, 1896. 59 Vict.

the safety of the United Kingdom and the defence of the possessions of Her Majesty's Crown, and that the whole number of such forces should consist of one hundred and fifty-six thousand one hundred and seventy-four, including those to be employed at the depots in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the training of recruits for service at home and abroad, but exclusive of the numbers actually serving within Her Majesty's Indian possessions:

And whereas it is also judged necessary for the safety of the United Kingdom; and the defence of the possessions of this realm, that a body of Royal Marine forces should be employed in Her Majesty's fleet and naval service, under the direction of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid:

And whereas the said marine forces may frequently be quartered or be on shore, or sent to do duty or be on board transport ships or vessels, merchant ships or vessels, or other ships or vessels, or they may be under other circumstances in which they will not be subject to the laws relating to the government of Her Majesty's forces by sea:

And whereas no man can be forejudged of life or limb, or subjected in time of peace to any kind of punishment within this realm by martial law, or in any other manner than by the judgment of his peers and according to the known and established laws of this realm; yet nevertheless it being requisite, for the retaining all the before-mentioned forces, and other persons subject to military law, in their duty, that an exact discipline be observed, and that persons belonging to the said forces who mutiny or stir up sedition, or desert Her Majesty's service, or are guilty of crimes and offences to the prejudice of good order and military discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the usual forms of the law will allow:

[44 & 45 Vict. c. 58.]

And whereas the Army Act will expire in the year one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six on the following days:

(a.) In the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and the Isle of Man, on the thirtieth day of April; and

(b.) Elsewhere in Europe, inclusive of Malta, also in the West Indies and America, on the thirty-first day of July; and

(c.) Elsewhere, whether within or without Her Majesty's dominions, on the thirty-first day of December:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.⁠]

1. This Act may be cited as the Army (Annual) Act, 1896.

[Army Act (44 & 45 Vict. c. 58. to be in force for specified times⁠.]

2. — (1.) The Army Act shall be and remain in force during the periods herein-after mentioned, and no longer, unless otherwise to be in force provided by Parliament; that is to say, (a.) Within the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and the Isle of Man, from the thirtieth day of April one thousand

1896. Army (Annual) Act, 1896. Ch. 2. 3

eight hundred and ninety-six to the thirtieth day of April one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven, both inclusive; and

(b.) Elsewhere in Europe, inclusive of Malta, also in the West Indies and America, from the thirty-first day of July one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six to the thirty-first day of July one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven, both inclusive; and

(c.) Elsewhere, whether within or without Her Majesty's dominions, from the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six to the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven, both inclusive;

and the day from which the Army Act is continued in any place by this Act is in relation to that place referred to in this Act as the commencement of this Act.

(2.) The Army Act, while in force, shall apply to persons subject to military law, whether within or without Her Majesty's dominions.

(3.) A person subject to military law shall not be exempted from the provisions of the Army Act by reason only that the number of the forces for the time being in the service of Her Majesty, exclusive of the marine forces, is either greater or less than the number herein-before mentioned.

[Prices in respect of billeting.]

3. There shall be paid to the keeper of a victualling house for accommodation provided by him in pursuance of the Army Act the prices specified in the schedule to this Act.

[Explanation of 56 & 57 Vict. c. 52. s. 1.]

4. For removing doubts it is declared that the things which may be done under or in pursuance of section one of the Madras and Bombay Armies Act, 1893, may be done either within or without the presidencies of Madras and Bombay respectively.

SCHEDULE.

Accommodation to be provided. Maximum Price.

Lodging and attendance for soldier where hot meal furnished. Fourpence per night.

Hot meal as specified in Part I. of the Second Schedule to the Army Act. One shilling and three-pence halfpenny each.

Breakfast as so specified One penny halfpenny each.

Where no hot meal furnished, lodging and attendance, and candles, vinegar, salt, and the use of fire, and the necessary utensils for dressing and eating his meat. Fourpence per day.

Ten pounds of oats, twelve pounds of hay, and eight pounds of straw per day for each horse. One shilling and nine-pence per day.

Lodging and attendance for officer Two shillings per night.

Note.- An officer shall pay for his food.

4 Ch. 3. Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1896. 59 Vict.

CHAPTER 3.

An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six and one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven.

[27th March 1896.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sums herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Issue of 2,252,666l. out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the year ending 31st March 1896.]

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six, the sum of two million two hundred and fifty-two thousand six hundred and sixty-six pounds.

[Issue of 10, 282,800l. out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the year ending 31st March 1897.]

2. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven, the sum of ten million two hundred and eighty-two thousand three hundred pounds.

[Power to the Treasury to borrow.]

3. The Treasury may borrow from any person, and the Bank of England may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of twelve million five hundred and thirty-four thousand nine hundred and sixty-six pounds, and the Treasury shall repay the moneys so borrowed with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the nest succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any moneys so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

[Short title.]

4. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1896.

1896. Local Government (Elections) (No. 2) Act, 1896. Ch. 4, 5, 6. 5

CHAPTER 4.

An Act to prevent certain Disqualifications for Elections to Parish Councils of 1896.

[27th March 1896.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Qualification of parish councillors.]

1. Any person who is otherwise qualified for election, but who has entered into residence on or before the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-five, shall be eligible for election at the parish council elections of the year one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six, notwithstanding that the period of residence is under one year, and if so elected shall be held to have been duly qualified.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Local Government (Elections) (No. 2) Act, 1896.

CHAPTER 5.

An Act to enable Women to be elected and act as Poor Law Guardians in Ireland.

[31st March 1896.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Women to be eligible as poor law guardians.]

1. No person otherwise qualified to be elected and to be a guardian for a poor law union in Ireland, shall be disqualified by sex or marriage for being elected or being such guardian, anything contained in any Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Poor Law Guardians (Ireland) (Women) Act, 1896.

CHAPTER 6.

An Act to make provision for the Construction of Works in the United Kingdom and elsewhere for the purpose of the Royal Navy.

[31st March 1896.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[58 & 59 Vict. c. 35.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make provision for the construction of the works specified in the schedule to this Act, both in the United Kingdom and in the colonies in the schedule mentioned:

And whereas the said schedule sets forth estimates, of the cost of those works, of the time within which they are to be completed, of the amount expended thereon, and of the amount required for the expenditure thereon daring the financial year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven:

6 Ch. 6. Naval Works Act, 1896. 59 Vict.

And whereas money for the construction of some of the said works was granted by the Appropriation Act, 1894, and by the Naval Works Act, 1895, and the sum of one million pounds granted by the latter Act will soon have been wholly expended:

And whereas it is expedient to make further provision for the construction of those works, and also to make provision for the construction of the other works specified in the schedule to this Act:

Now we, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, having considered the premises and being desirous to provide forthwith for the construction of the said works, have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty a further sum of two million seven hundred and fifty thousand pounds, to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund, towards defraying the expenses incurred or to be incurred for the said construction, and we have resolved that the said sum may be provided as herein-after mentioned; and we do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Power for Admiralty to construct scheduled works.]

1. The Admiralty may forthwith proceed with the construction of the works specified in the schedule to this Act at the plaees therein mentioned, and for that purpose may acquire such lands and execute such works as they may deem expedient.

[Issue of money out of Consolidated Fund for purposes of Act.]

2. In addition to the sums authorised by any other Act to he issued, the Treasury shall issue out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof such sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of two million seven hundred and fifty thousand pounds as may be required by the Admiralty for the purposes of this Act.

[Restrictions on applications of money issued.]

3. — (1.) Before any moneys are issued for the purpose of expenditure under any one of the heads in the schedule to this Act, the Admiralty shall submit to the Treasury an estimate, with such details as may be required by the Treasury, of the expenditure under that head for which it is for the time being proposed to issue money, and shall therewith state the period within which it is proposed to expend the money so issued.

(2.) There shall be no excess of any expenditure for any work specified in the schedule above the amount stated for that work in the fifth column of the schedule, unless the Treasury and Admiralty are satisfied that the excess will be compensated by savings on the expenditure specified in that cqlumn of the schedule for other works, so that no excess will be caused over the total expenditure specified in the fifth column of the schedule; and in such cases the savings may be applied in payment of the excess.

[Application of surplus income of year 1895-6 for expenses]

4. Such sum as is shown by the account certified by the Comptroller and Auditor-General under section four of the Sinking Fund Act, 1875, to be the surplus of income above expenditure for

1896. Naval Works Act, 1896. Ch. 6. 7

[of scheduled works.]

the financial year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six shall instead of being applied as provided

[38 & 39 Vict c. 45.]

by the above-mentioned Act, be set apart in the Exchequer account and applied by the Treasury at such times as they direct, as follows:

---

(a) in paying off with interest any sum borrowed under the

Naval Works Act, 1895; 59 vict *

(b) in repaying to the Consolidated Fund any sums issued in c* pursuance of the Naval Works Act, 1895, and not already repaid;

(c) in paying any sums authorised by this or any future Act to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund for the purpose of the works specified in the schedule to this Act

5. — (1.) The Admiralty shall cause to be made out an account, Accounts of

in the form required by the Treasury, showing — expenditure.

(a) the aggregate amount of money expended for any purpose of this Act or of the Naval Works Act, 1895, and the purposes on which that money was expended, distinguishing the expenditure under each of the heads in the schedule to this Act;

(b) the aggregate amount of money borrowed and repaid, and securities (if any) created for borrowing the same and discharged; and

(c) the balance (if any) of the sums authorised to be issued for any such purpose.

(2.) The accounts of expenditure under this Act shall be audited and reported upon by the Comptroller and Auditor-General as appropriation accounts in manner directed by the Exchequer and 29 30 Vict* Audit Departments Act, 1866. c'3* '

[Short title.]

6. This Act may be cited as the Naval Works Act, 1896.

SCHEDULE.

Heads of Proposed Expenditure.

Works. 1. Total Estimated Cost. 2. Expenditure up to 31st March 1886. S. Estimated Expenditure from 1st April 1885 to 81st March 1888. 4. To be provided under this Act. 6. Expected Datocf Completion. 6.

(o.) Enclosure and Defence of Harbours — Gibraltar ..... £ 1, 074,000 £ 24, 148 £ 123,000 £ 800,000 1880-1800

Portland ... 860,000* ! " i 60,000 200.000 1800-1

Dover - l^OflOt 1 i 1 — 160,000 1008-0

* An expenditure of 40, 5431. was incurred during 1888-4 and 1884-0, in erecting dolphins on the line of the breakwater, and was charged to Vote 10 iu those yean. - This is in addition to the estimate of 860.00W. t Subject to revision when the survey is completed.

8 Ch. 6, 7. Naval Works 1896. 59 Vict.

Issue of 27, 442, 207/. out of the Consolidated

Expendi- j Estimated 1

Total Expendi- To be pro- Expected

Works. Estimated j tare up to ture from 1st April vided Date of

31st March 1805 to under this

Cost. 1805. 81st March 1806. Act. Completion.

1. 2. 3. 4. .1. J 6.

(ft.) Adapting Naval Port* to 1

rosent Needs of Fleet — Deepening harbours and approaches. Key ham Dockyard extension (including 175,000f. for Fixed 060,000 08, 970 268,000 909,000 j 1808-9

3, 175.000 350 10,000 500,000 1903-4

Machinery). Portsmouth Docks 1 375400 1 1014 200,000 71,000 | 1896-7

Gibraltar Dockyard extension 2.674400 8, 770 60,000 300,000 i:1899-190")

(including 63,000f. for Fixed Machinery).

Hong Kong do. do. (includ- 340,000 — — 80,000 1900-1

ing 20,000f. for Fixed Machinery).

(e.) Naval Barracks, &c.

Chatham Naval Barracks 300,000 I 2, 845 1 1, 090 200,000 1S9S-9

Portsmouth do. 505400 1 I - 150, 050 1900-1

Keyham do. 160,000 1 I _^ - 50.000 1839-1990

Chatham Naval Hospital 311400 - 100,000 1899-1900

Walmor Marino Depftt 20,000 | 15,000 5.00J 1896-7

Keyham Engineers' College - 30,000 f _ 5,000 25,000 1S06-7

Dartmouth College for Naval 106,000 1 — _ ' <50,000 1899-19)0

Cadets. 1

Magazines (including 25,000l. 485,000 — —:150, 900 j 1S93-190)

for Fixed Machinery). 1 I

(d.)Superintendence and Miscellaneous Charges. £ 685,000 1 - 17,000 ! 106.000 1 -

14, 040, 009 j 231406 740, <\to:2, 750.090 1

CHAPTER 7.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven.

[21st May 1896.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty p^ice of

.1896.

Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1896. Ch. 7, 8. 9

the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight Fund for hundred and ninety-seven the sum of twenty-seven million four hundred and forty-two thousand two hundred and seven pounds, aist Mar.

2. The Treasury may borrow from any person, and the Bank of 1897‘ England may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said sum,

any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of twenty-seven to borrow, million four hundred and forty-two thousand two hundred and seven pounds, and the Treasury shall repay the moneys so borrowed with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any moneys so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

[Short title.]

3. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 2> Act, 1896.

CHAPTER 8.

An Act to enable Life Assurance Companies to pay Money into Court in certain Cases.

[21st May 1896.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Life Assurance Companies (Payment into Court) Act, 1896.

[Interpretation.]

2. In this Act —

The expression "life assurance company" means any corporation, company, or society carrying on the business of life assurance, not being a society registered under the Acts relating to friendly societies;

The expression "life policy" includes any policy not foreign to the business of life assurance.

---

[Power to pay into court.]

3. Subject to rules of court any life assurance company may Power to pay into the High Court, or where the head office of the company is situated within the jurisdiction of the Chancery Court of the County Palatine of Lancaster either into that court or into the High Court, any moneys payable by them under a life policy in respect of which, in the opinion of their board of directors, no sufficient discharge can otherwise be obtained.

[Receipt of officer sufficient discharge.]

4. The receipt or certificate of the proper officer shall be a sufficient discharge to the company for the moneys so paid into court, and such moneys shall, subject to rules of court, be dealt with according to the orders of the High Court or the Palatine Court, as the case may be.

[Extent of Act.]

5. This Act does not extend to Scotland.

10 Ch. 9, 10. Local Government (Determination of Differences) Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

CHAPTER 9.

An Act to amend certain Provisions of the Local Government Act, 1888, with respect to the Determination of Differences by the Local Government Board.

[21st May 1896.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Amendment of 51 & 52 Vict. c. 44. 8. 11 as to determination of differences.]

1. The Local Government Act, 1888, shall have effect, as if in sub-sections three and four of section eleven of that Act for the words "be determined by arbitration of the Local Government Board," and in sub-section nine of the same section for the words "be referred to the arbitration of the Local Government Board," were substituted the words "be determined by the Local Government Board either as arbitrators or otherwise at the option of the Board," and as if in section sixty-three of that Act for the words are required in pursuance of this Act to decide," were inserted the words "determine as arbitrators."

[Validation of past orders.]

2. An order of the Local Government Board made before the passing of this Act and purporting to have been made for the determination of any matter under section eleven of the Local Government Act, 1888, shall not be invalid by reason only of the Board having determined the matter as arbitrators or otherwise, instead of appointing an arbitrator to determine it.

[Short title.]

3. This Act may be cited as the Local Government (Determination of Differences) Act, 1896.

CHAPTER 10.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Appointment of Members of Dispensary Committees in Ireland.

[2nd July 1896.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Local Government Board to fix qualification.]

1. From and after the passing of this Act the Local Government Board for Ireland shall have power to fix the rating qualification of members of dispensary committees in Ireland.

[Repeal of part of 14 & 15 Vict. c. 68. s. 7.]

2. Section seven of the Poor Relief (Ireland) Act, 1851, is hereby repealed in so far as it relates to the rating qualification of members of dispensary committees.

[Short title.]

3. This Act may be cited as the Dispensary Committees (Ireland) Act, 1896.

1898. Housing of the Working Classes (Ireland) Act, 1896. Ch. 11, 12. 11

CHAPTER 11.

An Act to remove certain Doubts with respect to the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890, so far as it applies to Ireland.

[2nd July 1896.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Declaration as to meaning of 53 & 54 Vict. c. 70. s. 99.]

1. — (1.) It is hereby declared that where the town commissioners of any town in Ireland, not being an urban sanitary district, have adopted Part Three of the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890, they shall have the same powers under Part Three of that Act of acquiring land and otherwise as any other local authority,

---

and the said Part Three and the sections of the Public Health 41 & 42 Vict. (Ireland) Act, 1878, applied for the purpose of that Part, shall apply c*52' accordingly as if such town commissioners were a sanitary authority; and if such town commissioners ore not already a body corporate, they shall, for the purpose of holding such land, and of suing and being sued in respect thereof, be nevertheless deemed a body corporate with perpetual succession.

(2.) Any instrument relating to such land shall be duly executed by such town commissioners if executed in manner provided by section fifty-nine of the Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847, with lo&it Vict. respect to conveyances by commissioners who are not a body c‘16* corporate.

2. It is hereby declared that the forms in the Fourth Schedule Forms-to the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890, may be altered in Ireland so as to be in conformity with the forms ordinarily used in Ireland under the Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, and need 14 & 15 Vict. not be under seal. c. 98.

3. This Act may be cited as the Housing of the Working Classes Short title and (Ireland) Act, 1896, and shall be construed as one with the Housing of the Working Classes Acts, 1890, 1893, and 1894, and those Acts c. 7o. and this Act may be cited collectively as the Housing of the Working 56 & Vict. Classes (Ireland) Acts, 1890 to 1896. 573 & 58 Vict.

c. 55.

CHAPTER 12.

An Act for the better reporting of Floating Derelicts.

[2nd July 1896.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Derelict Vessels (Report) Act, 1896.

12

Notice of derelict vessels to be given by musters to Lloyd's agents.

Letters to be sent to Lloyd's in default of agents.

Information to be published by Lloyd's.

Ch. 12, 13. Derelict Vessels (Report; 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

2. Every master or other person for the time being in command of any British ship, after the passing of this Act, who shall become aware of the existence on the high seas of any floating derelict vessel, shall notify the same to the Lloyd's agent at his next place of call or arrival, and shall, together with such notification, furnish to the Lloyds agent all such information as he may possess as to the supposed locality or identity of such derelict vessel, and the date when and place where the same may have been observed by or reported to him, and the Lloyd's agent shall forthwith on receipt of such notification and information transmit the same to the secretary of Lloyd's in London.

And if any such master fails to make such a report he shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

3. If there shall be no Lloyd's agent at the next place of call or arrival, then and in such case the notification shall be made and the information furnished by such master or other person as aforesaid, to the secretary of Lloyd's, London.

4. Any information received by the society of Lloyd's as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, shall be published by the society forthwith in the same manner and to the same extent as its reports of shipping casualties, and the society shall also forthwith communicate such information to the Board of Trade.

CHAPTER 13.

Extension of term for repayment of loans.

An Act to extend the Time for the Repayment of Loans granted by Queen Anne's Bounty to Incumbents of Benefices.

[20th July 1896.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. When the income of a benefice, since the date of the mortgage thereof to Queen Anne's Bounty, has become diminished in amount, the Governors of Queen Anne's Bounty may, by resolution passed by them at a Board meeting, before the thirty-first day of December, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven, at their discretion, with the previous consent of the patron, extend the term fixed for the repayment of any money lent by them to or for the incumbent of any such benefice, under the powers of one or more of the Acts enumerated in the schedule hereto, that is to say: —

By extending such term for any period not exceeding twenty years, so that by such extension the amount of the annual instalments payable in respect of the loan shall be reduced as from the day of the annual payment due next before the date of the resolution to be passed in respect of such benefice; and such extension may be granted notwithstanding the original term may have been before extended, and in the casg>@&Miy

1896.

13

Incumbents of Benefices Loans Ch. 13, 14. Extension Act, 18!jG.

extension of the time for the payment of instalments the term -t of years for which the possessions of the benefice are mortgaged to the said Governors shall be enlarged to the like extent.

The date of any such resolution, the term of extension, and the altered rate of payments, shall be endorsed on the respective mortgage deeds, free of charge to the incumbent.

2. The application of the provisions of this Act shall not, in any to

way, invalidate the instruments of security under which loans have Instruments been granted by Queen Anne's Bounty; the said provisions shall of security, extend and apply to such instruments as if originally fully and expressly inserted therein.

[Short title.]

3. This Act may be cited as the Incumbents of Benefices Loans Extension Act, 1896.

SCHEDULE.

17 Geo. III., c. 63.; 21 Geo. III., o. 66.; 7 Geo. IV., o. 66.; 1 & 2 Vict., c. 23.; 1 A 2Yiot., o. 106.; 28 & 29 Vict., c. 69.; 34 & 36 Vict., c. 43.; 36 & 36 Vict., c. 96.; 44 & 45 Vict., c. 25.; 49 & 50 Vict., c. 34.; 50 & 51 Vict., c. 8.

CHAPTER 14.

An Act to facilitate the Citation of sundry Acts of Parliament.

[20th July 1896.]

BE it enacted by the Queen s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Each of the Acts mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act Citation of may, without prejudice to any other mode of citation, be cited by the short title therein mentioned in that behalf. ° e‘

2. — (1.) Each of the groups of Acts mentioned in the Second Collective Schedule to this Act may, without prejudice to any other mode of ut citation, be cited by the collective title therein mentioned in that behalf.

(2.) If it is provided that any Act passed after this Act may, as to the whole or any part thereof, be cited with any of the groups of Acts mentioned in the Second Schedule to this Act, or with any group of Acts to' which a collective title has been given by any Act passed before this Act, that group shall be construed as including that Act or part, and, if the collective title of the group states the first and last years of the group, the year in which that Act is passed shall be substituted for the last year of the group, and so on as often as a subsequent Act or part is added to the group.

o

14 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vicn-

Effect of repeal of enactments giving short title.

Repeal of 55 & 56 Vict. c. 10.

[Short title.]

3. Notwithstanding the repeal of an enactment giving a Short title to an Act, the Act may, without prejudice to any other mode of citation, continue to be cited by that short title.

4. The Short Titles Act, 1892, is hereby repealed.

5. This Act may be cited as the Short Titles Act, 1896.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Session and Chapter. | Title. I Short Tide.

I I

25 Edw. 3. Stat. 5. c. 2.

27 Hen. 8. c. 10.

28 Hen. 8. c. 15.

5 & 6 Edw. 6. c. 16. -43 Eliz. c. 2.

21 Jas. 1. c. 16.

1 Chas. 1. c. 1.

14 Chas. 2. c. 12.

19 & 20 Chas. 2. c. 8.

22 & 23 Chas. 2. c. 10.

29 Chas. 2. c. 3.

29 Chas. 2. c. 7.

31 Chas. 2. c. 2.

1685, c. 26. (Scotland)

Declaration what Offences shall be adjudged Treason.

An Acte conSnyng uses and wylles

An Act for punysshement of Pyrotes and Robbers of the See.

An Act against buyinge and sellinge of offices.

An Acte for the Releife of the Poore.

The Treason Act, 1351.

The Statute of Uses.

The Offences at Sea Act, 1536.

The Sale of Offices Act, 1551.

The Poor Belief Act, 1601.

An Acte for lymytacSn of Accons The Limitation Act, and for avoyding of Suitf in 1623.

Lawe.

An Acte for punishing of divers The Sunday Obser-abuses comitted on the Lordf vance Act, 1625. Day called Sunday.

An Acte for the better Beleife of tho Poore of this Kingdom.

The Poor Belief Act, 1662.

An Act for the increase and preser- The Dean Forest Act, vation of timber within the Forest 1667.

of Dean.

An Act for the better settling of intestates' estates.

The Statute of Distribution.

An Act for prevention of Frauds and Perjuryes.

The Statute of Frauds.

An Act for the better Observation The Sunday Obser-of the Lords Day commonly called vance Act, 1677. Sunday.

An Act for the better secureing the The Habeas Oorpns Liberty of the Subject and for Act, 1679.

Prevention of Imprisonments fceyond the Seas.

An Act concerning tailzies

The Entail Act, 1685.

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896.

CH. 14. 16

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title. |

1 Will. &Mary, Sees. 2. c. 2. An Act declaring the rights and liberties of the Subject and seteling the Succession to the Orowne. The Bill of Bights.

2 Will. & Mar., Sess. 2. c. 2. An Act concerning the Commissioners of the Admiralty. The Admiralty Act, 1690.

3 Will. & Mar. c. 11. - An Act for the better explanation and supplying the defects of the former laws for the settlement of the poor. The Poor Relief Act, 1691.

5 & 6 Will. & Mar. c. 20. An Act for granting to theire Majesties severall Rates and Duties upon Tunnage of Shipps and Vessells and upon Beere Ale and other Liquors for secureing certaine Recompenses and Advantages in the said Act mentioned to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the sume of Fifteens hundred thousand pound f toward? the carrying on the Wair against France. The Bank of England Act, 1694.

7 & 8 Will. 3. c. 3. - An Act for regulateing of Tryals in Cases of Treason and Misprision of Treason. The Treason Act, 1695.

8 & 9 Will. 3. c. 20. - An Act for making good the Deficiencies of several Fund? therein mentioned and for enlargeing the Capital Stock of the Bank of England and for raising the Publick Creditt. The Bank of England Act, 1696.

9 Will. 3. c. 33. An Act for the increase and preservation of timber in the New Forest in the County of Southampton. The New Forest Act, 1697.

12 & 13 Will. 3. c. 2. - An Act for the further limitation of the Crown and better securing the rights and liberties of the Subject. The Act of Settlement.

1 Anne, c. 1. An Act for the better Support of Her Majesty's Household and of the honour and dignity of the Crown. The Crown Lands Act, 1702.

6 Anne, c. 11. An Act for an Union of the Two Kingdoms of England and Scotland. The Union with Scotland Act, 1706.

0 2

16 Ch. 14.

Short Titles, 1896.

69 & 60 Tier.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter, j i Title.

6 Anre, c. 12. An Act for rendring more effectual an Act passed in the First Year of Her Majesties Reign intituled An Act for the better preventing Escapes out of the Queen's Bench and Fleet Prisons. The Prison (Escape) Act, 1706.

6 Anne, c. 24. An Act for discharging small Livings from their First Fruits and Tenths and all Arrears thereof. The Queen Anne's Bounty Act, 1706.

6 Anne, c. 40. - An Act for rendring the Union of the Two Kingdoms more intire and complete. The Union with Scotland (Amendment) Act, 1707.

6 Anne, c. 41. An Act for the Security of Her Majesties Person and Government and of the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line. The Succession to the Crown Act, 1707.

6 Anne, c. 53. - An Act for settling and establishing the Court of Exchequer in the North Part of Great Britain called Scotland. The Exchequer Court (Scotland) Act, 1707.

6 Anne, c. 54. An Act, the title of which begins with the words "An Act to inlarge, " and ends with the words "for Payment of their First Fruits." The Queen Anne's Bounty Act, 1707.

6 Anne, c. 72. An Act for the more effectual Discovery of the Death of Persons pretended to be alive to the Prejudice of those who claim Estates after their Deaths. The Cestui que Yie Act, 1707.

6 Anne, c. 75. An Act for the avoiding of Doubts and Questions touching the Statutes of divers Cathedrals and Collegiate Churches. The Cathedral Statutes Act, 1707.

6 Anne, c. 78. An Act, the title of which begins with the words "An Act to make further Provision for " electing, " and ends with the words "to serve in Parliament." The Scottish Representative Peers Act, 1707.

7 Anne, c. 5. An Act for naturalizing Foreign Protestants. The Foreign Protestants Naturalization Act, 1708.

7 Anne, c. 12. An Act for preserving the Privileges of Ambassadors and other publick Ministers of Foreign Princes and States. The Diplomatic Privileges Act, 1708.

1896.

Short Titles , 1896. Ch. 14. 17

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

7 Anne, c. 14. An Act for the better Preservation of Parochial Libraries in that Part of Great Britain called England. The Parochial Libraries Act, 1708.

7 Anne, c. 18. An Act to preserve the Bights of Patrons to Advowsons. The Advowsons Act, 1708.

7 Anne, c. 20. - An Act for the Public registring of Deeds Conveyances and Wills and other Incumbrances which shall be made of or that may affect any Honors Manors Lands Tenements or Hereditaments within the County of Middlesex after the Twenty-ninth day of September One thousand seven hundred and nine. The Middlesex Registry Act, 1708.

7 Anne, c. 21. An Act for improving the Union of the Two Kingdoms. The Treason Act, 1708.

7 Anne, c. 30. - An Act for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England. The Bank of England Act, 1708.

7 Anne, c. 83. An Act for rendring more effectual the La vs concerning Commissions of Sewers. The Commissions of Sewers Act, 1708.

8 Anne, c. 1. An Act for granting an Aid to Her Majesty to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Brituin for the Service of the Year One thou- The Bank of England Act, 1709.

sand seven hundred and ten.

8 Anne, c. 16. An Act for discharging the Attendance of Noblemen, Barons, and Freeholders upon the Lords of Justiciary in their Circuits in that Part of Great Britain culled Scotland, and for abolishing the Method of exhibiting criminal Informations by the Porteous Roll. The Circuit Courts (Scotland) Act, 1709.

8 Anne, c. 18. - An Act for the better Security of Bents, and to prevent Frauds committed by Tenants. The Landlord and Tenaut Act, 1709.

9 Anne, c. 6. An Act ... for suppressing such unlawful Lotteiies . as are therein mentioned. The Lotteries Act, 1710.

9 Anne, c. 11. An Act for establishing a General Post Office for all Her Majesties Dominions, and for settling a weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof for the Service of the War and other Her Majesties Occasions. | The Post Office (Revenues) Act, 1710. by

18 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

9 Anne, c. 19. An Act for the better preventing of excessive and deceitful Gaming. The Gaming Act, 1710.

9 Anne, c. 25. An Act, the title of which begins with the words. " An Act for " rendring the Proceedings, " and ends with the words, "in Corporations and Boroughs." The Municipal Offices Act, 1710.

10 Anne, c. 8. An Act for settling the Precedence of the most Excellent Princess Sophia, Electress and Dutchess Dowager of Hanover, of the Elector Her Son, and of the Electoral Prince the Duke of Cambridge. The Princess Sophia's Precedence Act, 1711.

10 Anne, c. 10. An Act, the title of which begins with the words, " An Act to " prevent the disturbing" and ends with the words, "against " irregular Baptisms and Mar- riagos." The Scottish Episcopalians Act, 1711.

10 Anne, c. 28. An Act ... for making the pleading of Deeds of Bargain and Sale enrolled and of Fee Farm . Rents more easie. The Pleading Act, 1711.

10 Anne, c. 31. An Act for the more effectual preventing fraudulent Conveyances in order to multiply Votes for electing Knights of Shires to serve in Parliament. The Elections (Fraudulent Conveyances) Act, 1711.

13 Anne, c. 6. An Act for taking away Mortuaries within the Dioceses of Bangor, Landaff, St. David's, and St. Asaph, and giving a Recompense therefore to the Bishops of the said respective Dioceses. The Mortuaries (Bangor, Ac.) Abolition Act, 1713.

18 Anne, c. 11. An Act for the better Maintenance of Curates within the Church of England, and for preventing any Ecclesiastical Persons from buying the next Avoidance of any Church Preferment. The Simony Act, 1713,

13 Anne, c. 13. An Act, the title of which begins with the words, "An Act for " rendring more effectual, " and ends with the words, " Benefices belonging to Papists. ..." The Presentation of Benefices Act, 1718.

1806.

Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 10

[Short Title.]

Setrion and Chapter. Title.

1 Geo. 1. Stat. 2. c. 6. An Act for preventing Tumults and riotous Assemblies, and for the more speedy and effectual punishing the Rioters. The Biot Act.

1 Geo. 1. Stat. 2. c. 6. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for making perpetual an Act, '* and ends with the words "Payment of Tithes and Church-Rate II The Tithes and Church Bates Recovery Act, 1714.

1 Geo. 1. Stat. 2. c. 10. An Act for making more effectual her late Majesties gracious Intention for augmenting the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy. The Queen Anne's Bounty Act, 1714.

1 Geo. 1. Stat. 2. c. 3». An Act for enlarging the time of Continuance of Parliaments, appointed by an Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King William and Mary, intituled " An Act for the frequent meeting " and calling of Parliaments." The Septennial Act, 1715.

1 Geo. 1. Stat. 2. c. 54. An Act for the more effectual securing the Peace of the Highlands in Scotland. The Highlands Services Act, 1715.

1 Geo. 1. Stat. 2. c. 56. An Act to disable any Person from being chose a Member of or from sitting and voting in the House of Commons, who has any Pension for any Number of Years from the Crown. The Crown Pensioners Disqualification Act, 1715.

8 Geo. 1. c. 8. - An Act for redeeming several Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England pursuant to former Provisoes of Redemption Purposes in this Act mentioned. The Bank of England Act, 1716.

8 Geo. 1. c. 10. - An Act for the better collecting and levying the Revenue of the Tenths of the Clergy. The Queen Anne's Bounty Act, 1716.

8 Geo. 1. c. 15. - An Act for the better regulating the Office of Sheriffs, and for ascertaining their Fees, and the Fees for suing out their Patents and passing their Accompts. The Estreats Act, 1716.

4 Geo. 1. c. 11. - An Act ... for declaring the Law upon some Points relating to Pirates. The Piracy Act, 1717.

20 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Sewicn and Chapter. Title.

5 Geo. 1. c. 8. - An Act for the more effectual Belief of such Wives and Children as are left by their Husbands and Parents upon the Charge of the Parish. The Poor Belief (Deserted Wives and Children) Act, 1718.

5 Geo. I. c. 11. An Act against clandestine running of uncustomed Goods, and for the more effectual preventing of Frauds relating to the Customs. The Adulteration of Coffee Act, 1718.

5 Geo. 1. c. 20. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for settling certain yearly Funds, " and ends with the words u and " Expences concerning those " Equivalents." The Revenue of Scotland Act, 1718.

6 Geo. 1. c. 29. - An Act for making more effectual the Laws appointing the Oaths for security of the Government, to be taken by Ministers and Preachers in Churches and Meeting-houses in Scotland. The Church Patronage (Scotland) Act, 1718.

5 Geo. 1. c. 80. - An Act for amending and making more effectual the Laws for repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland. The Highway (Scotland) Act, 1718.

6 Geo. 1. c. 11. - An Act for laying a Duty upon Wrought Plate. The Plate Duty Act, 1719.

7 Geo. 1. c. 27. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for raising a sum, " and ends with the words "which shall have been made upon the said Annuities >1 The Pension Duties Act, 1720.

8 Geo. 1. c. 2. An Act ..... for suppressing Lotteries denominated Sales, and other private Lotteries. The Lotteries Act, 1721.

8 Geo. 1. c. 24. An Act for the more effectual suppression of Piracy. The Piracy Act, 1721.

9 Geo. 1 c. An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Settlement, Imployment, and Belief of the Poor. The Poor Belief Act, 1722.

9 Geo. 1. c. 19. An Act . to prevent Foreign Lotteries being carried on in this Kingdom and for limiting the Times of Continuance of Commissioners for forfeited Estates in England and Scotland respectively. The Lotteries Act, 1722. by

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 21

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

i 10 Geo. 1. c. 19. An Act for explaining the Law concerning the Tryal and Admission of the Ordinary Lords of Session. The Court of Session Act, 1723.

11 Geo. 1. c. 9. - An Act, the title of which begins with the words "An Act for continuing, " and ends with the words u redeemable by Parliament " The National Debt Reduction Act, 1724.

11 Geo. 1. c. 30. An Act for more effectual preventing Frauds and Abusee in the Publick He venues. The Adulteration of Tea and Coffee Act, 1724.

12 Geo. 1. c. 2. An Act for granting to his Majesty 1 tho Sum of One Million, to be j raised by way of a Lottery. | 1 The Pension Duties Act, 1725.

12 Geo. 1. c. 29. An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests. The Frivolous Arrests Act, 1725.

13 Geo. 1. c. 26. An Act for better Regulation of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland. The Linen and Hempen Manufactures (Scotland) Act, 1726.

13 Geo. 1. c. 30. An Act for encouraging and promoting Fisheries, and other Manufactures and Improvements in that part of Great Britain called Scotland. The Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1726.

1 Geo. 2. Stat. 1. c. 5. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for altering and explaining, *' and ends with the words "Demise of " his late Majesty, his Heirs and " Successors . ." The Demise of the Crown Act, 1727.

1 Geo. 2. Stat. 2. c. 8. - An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, at Four Pounds per Centum, redeemable by Parliament, and charged upon the Duties on Coals and Culm. The Bank of England Act, 1727.

2 Geo. 2. c. 3. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for raising the Sum, " and ends with the words "Produce of the Sinking Fund." The Bank of England Act, 1728.

2 Geo. 2. c. 2o. An Act for the more effectual preventing and further Punishment of Forgery, Perjury, and Subornation of Perjury. The Perjury Act, 1728.

22 Ch. 14.

Short Titles, 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

Srssfon and Chapter. Title. Short TMe.

2 Geo. 2. c. 28. An Act for more effectual debarring of nnlawfnl Games. The Unlawful Games Act, 1728.

3 Geo. 2. o. 32. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for enabling the Judges, " and ends with the words u in that Part of the Kingdom." The Execution of Sentences (Scotland) Act, 1729.

4 Geo. 2. c. 14. An Act to prerent Frauds in the Revenue of Excise, with respect to Starch, Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate. The Adulteration of Tea Act, 1730.

4 Geo. 2. c. 21. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to explain a Clause, " and ends with the words "Crown of England or of Great Britain.*' The British Nationality Act, 1730.

4 Geo. 2. c. 28. — An Act for the more effectual preventing Frauds committed by Tenants, and for the more easy Recovery of Rents and Renewed of Leases. The Landlord and Tenant Act, 1730.

4 Geo. 2. c. 32. An Act for the more effectual punishing Stealers of Lead, or Iron bars fixed to Houses, or any Fences belonging thereunto. The Theft Act, 1730.

5 Geo. 2. c. 18, - An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace. The Justices Qualification Act, 1731.

5 Geo. 2. c. 19. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to oblige the Justices, and ends with the words "to prosecute the same with Effect.* The Quarter Sessions Appeal Act, 1731.

6 Geo. 2. c. 86. An Act ... for enforcing the Laws made against foreign Lotteries. The Lotteries Act, 1732.

7 Geo. 2. c. 16. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the better regulating, " and ends with the words "as Members of the House of Commons.* The Parliamentary Elections (Scotland) Act, 1733.

7 Geo. 2. c. 19. An Act for the more effectual preventing the clandestine Importation of foreign Hops into Great Britain and Ireland, and to prevent the adulterating or sophisticating of Hops, to alter the Colour or Scent thereof. The Adulteration of Hops Act, 1733. by

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 23

[Short Title.]

Season and Chapter. Title.

T Geo. 2. c. 20. An Act for the more easy Redemption and Foreclosure of Mort- The Mortgage Act, 1733.

gages.

8 Geo. 2. c. 13. An Act for the Encouragement of the Arts of designing, engraving, and etching historical and other Prints, by vesting the Properties thereof in the Inventors and Engravers during the time therein mentioned. The Engraving Copyright Act, 1734.

9 Geo. 2. c. 5. An Act . foi* punishing such Persons as pretend to exercise or use any kind of Witchcraft, Sorcery, Inchantment, or Conjuration. The Witchcraft Act, 1735.

9 Geo. 2. c. 33. An Act ... for the better Preservation of the Fry of Lobsters on the Coasts of Scotland. The Lobsters (Scotland j Act, 1735.

9 Geo. 2. c. 86. An Act to restrain the Disposition of Lands, whereby the same become inalienable. The Charitable Uses Act, 1735.

11 Geo. 2. c. 17. An Act for rendering more effectual the several Acts of Parliament made for vesting in the two Universities in that part of Great Britain called England, the Presentations of Benefices belonging to Papists. The Church Patronage Act, 1737.

11 Geo. 2. c. 19. An Act for the more effectual securing the Payment of Rents, and preventing Frauds by Tenants. The Distress for Rent Act, 1737.

11 Geo. 2. c. 22. An Act for punishing such Persons as shall do Injuries and Violences to the Persons or Properties of His Majesty's Subjects with Intent to hinder the Exportation of Com. The Corn Exportation Act, 1737.

11 Geo. 2. c. 24. An Act to Amend an Act passed in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Ring William the Third, intituled " An Act for " preventing any Inconveniences " that may happen by Privilege " of Parliament." The Parliamentary Privilege Act, 1737.

12 Geo. 2. c. 26. An Act for the better preventing Frauds and Abuses in Gold and Silver Wares. ITie Plate (Offences) Act, 1738.

24 Ch. 14.

SlioH Titles 1890.

59 & 60. Vict.

Session and Chapter. Title. Short Titlo.

12 Geo. 2. c. 28. An Act for the more effectual preventing of excessive and deceitful Gaming. The Gaming Act, 1738.

12 Geo. 2. c. 29. An Act for the more easy assessing, collecting, and leving of County Rates. The County Rates Act, 1738.

13 Geo. 2. c. 17. An Act for the Increase of Mariners and Seamen to navigate Merchant Ships and other Trading Ships or Vessels. The Exemption from Impressment Act, 1739.

13 Geo. 2. c. 19. An Act ... for amending an Act made in the last Session of Parliament intituled " An Act for " the more effectual preventing " of excessive and deceitful " Gaming." The Gaming Act, 1739.

13 Geo. 2, c. 20. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for " more effectually preventing, " and ends with the words "in that " part of Great Britain called " England." The Parliamentary Elections (Fraudulent Conveyances) Act, 1739.

14 Geo. 2. c. 33. An Act to Supply some Defects in the Laws for repairing and rebuilding County Bridges. The Bridges Act, 1740.

15 Geo. 2. c. 13. An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for advancing the Sum of One million six hundred thousand Pounds, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and forty-two. The Bank of England Act, 1741.

15 Geo. 2. c. 20. An Act to prevent the counter- The Gold and Silver

feiting of Gold and Silver Lace; and for settling and adjusting the Proportions of fine Silver and Silk; and for the better making of Gold and Silver Thread. Thread Act, 1741.

15 Geo. 2. c. 22. An Act to exclude certain officers The House of Com-

from being members of the House of Commons. mons Disqualifies* tion Act, 1741.

15 Geo. 2. c. 24. An Act to empower the Justices of the Peace of a Liberty or Corporation to commit Offenders to the House of Correction of the County, Riding, or Division in which such Liberty or Corporation is situate. Dig The Justices Commitment Act, 1741.

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 25

Session and Chapter.

Title.

15 Geo. 2. c. 33.

An Act for the more effectual preventing the cutting of Starr or Bent.

16 Geo. 2. c. 8.

- An Act for repealing certain Duties on Spirituous Liquors, and on Licences for retailing the same, and for laying other Duties on Spirituous Liquors, and on Licences to retail the said Liquors.

16 Geo. 2. c. 18.

16 Geo. 2. c. 31.

17 Geo. 2. c. 8.

- An Act to empower Justices of the

Peace to act in certain cases relating to Parishes and Places to the Rates and Taxes of which they are rated or chargeable.

- An Act for the further Punishment of Persons who shall aid or assist Prisoners to attempt to escape out of lawful Custody.

- An Act to oblige Overseers of the Poor to give publick Notice of Rates made for the Relief of the Poor, and to produce the same.

17 Geo. 2. c. 5.

17 Geo. 2. «. 30.

An Act to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to Houses of Correction.

An Act for the more effectual preventing of the affixing of counterfeit Stamps to Foreign or other Linnens.

17 Geo. 2. c. 37.

17 Geo. 2. c. 38.

17 Geo. 2. c. 40.

- An Act to prevent Disputes touching

the Parishes or Places where improved Wastes and drained and improved Marsh Lands shall be charged to Parochial Rates.

- An Act for remedying some Defects

in the Act made in the Forty-third year of the Reign of Queen Elisabeth, intituled "An Act for the Relief of the Poor."

- An Act ... to prevent the

retailing of Wine within either of the Universities, in that Part of Great Britain called England, without Licence.

[Short Title.]

The Starr and Bent Act, 1741.

The Spirits Act, 1742.

The Justices Jurisdiction Act, 1742.

The Prison [(Escape) Act, 1742.

The Poor-Rate Act, 1743.

The Justices Commit' raent Act, 1743.

The Linen (Trade Marks) Act, 1743.

The Land Drainage (Rating) Act, 1743.

The Poor Relief Act, 1743.

The Universities (Wine Licences) Act, 1743.

26 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Yicrr.

Session and Chapter.

Title.

[Short Title.]

18 Geo. 2. c. 18.

An Act to explain and amend the The Parliamentary Law touching the Elections of Elections Act, 1744. Knights of the Shite to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England.

18 Geo. 2. c. 20.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the Fi fth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled "An Act for the " further qualification of Justices " of the Peace."

The Justices Qualification Act, 1744.

18 Geo. 2. c. 24.

18 Geo. 2. c. 30.

18 Geo. 2. c. 34.

lJf Geo. 2. c. 6.

19 Geo. 2. c. 9.

19 Geo. 2. c. 21.

19 Geo. 2. c. 22.

19 Geo. 2. c. 28.

- I An Act for effectually preventing

the Exportation of Foreign Linens under the Denomination of British or Irish Linens.

- An Act to amend an Act made in

the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled " An Act for the more effectual Suppression of Piracy."

- An Act to explain, amend, and make

more effectual the Laws in being to prevent excessive and deceitful Gaming; and to restrain and

prevent the excessive increase of Horse Races.

- An Act the title of which begins

j with the words "An Act for I establishing an Agreement, " and

ends with the words "for the j " Service of the lrear One

I " thousand seven hundred and

; " forty-six."

- An Act for the better ascertaining

the Qualifications of Jurors in Trials for High Treason or Misprision of Treason, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

- An Act more effectually to prevent profane Cursing and Swearing.

- An Act for the better Preservation of Havens, Roads, Channels, and navigable Rivers within that Part of Great Britain called England.

- An Act for the better regulating of

Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, for such Cities and Towns in that part of Great Britain called England, as are

j Counties of themselves.

The Linen (Trade Marks) Act, 1744.

The Piracy Act, 1744.

The Gaming Act, 1744.

The Bank of England Act, 1745.

The Jurors (Scotland) Act, 1745.

The Profane Oaths Act, 1745.

The Harbours Act, 1745.

The Parliamentary Elections Act, 1745.

1896.

Short TMee 1896.

Ca 14. 27

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

1 19 Geo. 2. c. 37. i An Act to regulate Insurance on Ships belonging to the Subjects of Great Britain, and on Merchandises or Effects laden thereon. The Marine Insurance Act, 1745.

20 Geo. 2. c. 30. An Act for allowing persons impeached of High Treason, whereby any Corruption of Blood may be made, or for Misprision of such Treason, to make their full Defence by Council. The Treason Act, 1746.

20 Geo. 2. c. 42. An Act to enforce the Execution of an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights. The Wales and Berwick Act, 1746.

20 Geo. 2. c. 43. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for taking away, " and ends with the words "Two Kingdoms more complete." The Heritable Jurisdictions (Scotland) Act, 1746.

20 Geo. 2. c. 50. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for taking away, " and ends with the words "Settlements in the Highlands." The Tenures Abolition Act, 1746.

20 Geo. 2. c. 51. An Act ... to enable Heirs of Tailzie, Guardians, Tutors, Curators, and Trustees in Scotland to sell Lands to the Crown. The Sales to the Crown Act, 1746.

21 Geo. 2. c. 19. An Act ..... for abrogating the Practice of taking down the Evidence in Writing in certain Criminal Prosecutions; and for making some further Regulations relating to Sheriffs Depute and Stewarts Depute and their Substitutes; and for other purposes . therein mentioned. The Sheriffs (Scotland) Act, 1747.

21 Geo. 2. c. 34. An Act to amend and enforce so much of an Act made in the Nineteenth Year of His Majesty's Reign as relates to the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland . .; and for other purposes therein mentioned. The Cattle Theft (Scotland) Act, 1747.

22 Geo. 2. c. 27. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the more effectual" and ends with the words "Payment of their Wages." The Frauds by Workmen Act, 1748.

28 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

Session and Chapter. Title. Short Tide.

22 Geo. 2. c. 48. An Act to ascertain and establish the Method of Proceeding to and upon Outlawries for High Treason and Misprision of High Treason, in Scotland. The Treason Outlawries (Scotland) Act, 1748.

23 Geo. 2. c. 1. - An Act for reducing the several Annuities which now cany an Interest after the Bate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to the soveral Bates of interest therein mentioned. The National Debt (No. 1) Act, 1749.

23 Geo. 2. c. 22. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for giving further Time, " and ends with the words "as shall not be so subscribed.'* The National Debt (No. 2) Act, 1749.

24 Geo. 2. c. 4. An Act ..... for enabling the Bank of England to hold General Courts and Courts of Directors in the Manner therein directed. The Bank of England Act, 1750.

24 Geo. 2. c. 23. An Act for regulating the Commencement of the Year, and for correcting the Calendar now in U86. 'The Calendar (New Style) Act, 1750.

24 Geo. 2. c. 31. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for explaining" and ends with the words "the said manufactures." The Linen and Hemp Manufactures Act, 1750.

24 Geo. 2. c. 40. An Act ..... for the more effectually restraining the retailing of distilled Spirituous Liquors The Sale of Spirits Act, 1750.

24 Geo. 2. c. 44. An Act for the rendering Justices of the Peace more safe in the Execution of their Office; and for indemnifying Constables and others acting in obedience to their Warrants. The Constables Protection Act, 1750.

24 Geo. 2. c. 48. An Act for the Abbreviation of Michaelmas Term. The Michaelmas Term Act, 1750.

25 Geo. 2. c. 30. An Act to amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament (intituled An Act for regulating the Commencement of the Year, and for correcting the Calendar now in use). The Calendar Act, 1751.

1896.

Short Titles Act, 1896.

Cfl. 1*.

Season and Chapter. Tide. Short Tide.

25 Geo. 2. c. 36. An Act for the better preventing Thefts and Bobberies, and for regulating Places of publick Entertainment, and punishing Persona keeping disorderly Houses. The Disorderly Houses' Act, 1751.

25 Geo. 2. c. 37. An Act for better preventing the horrid Crime of Murder. The Murder Act, 1751.

25 Geo. 2. c. 39. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to obviate Doubts, " and ends with the words "notwithstanding their Father or Mother were Aliens." The British Subject* Act, 1751.

26 Geo. 2. c. 14. An Act for the settling and ascertaining the Fees to be taken by Clerks to Justices of the Peace. The Justices* Clerks' Fees Act, 1753.

26 Geo. 2. c. 27. An Act to confirm certain Acts and Orders made by Justices of the Peace being of the Quorum, notwithstanding any Defect in not expressing therein that such Justices of the Peace are of the Quorum. The Justices AcV 1758.

27 Geo. 2. c. 3. An Act for the better securing to Constables and others the expences of conveying offenders to Gaol; and for allowing the charges of poor persons bound to give Evidence against Felons. The Offenders (Con- veyance) Act, 1754.

27 Geo. 2. c. 16. An Act, the title of which begins with the words "An Act . that all Acts", and ends with the words M County of Middlesex 1) The Justices' Clerks'" Fees (Middlesex}* Act, 1754.

28 Geo. 2. c. 6. An Act for taking away Mortuaries in the Archdeaconry of Chester, and giving a Becom pence therefore to the Bishop of Chester as Archdeacon of Chester, who holds and enjoys the said Archdeaconry in right of his See. The Mortuarie* (Chester) Act, 1756.

28 Geo. 2. c. 7. An Act concerning the offices of Sheriff Depute and Stewart Depute in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland. The Sheriffs (Scotland}. Act, 1755.

29 Geo. 2. c. 23. An Act for encouraging the Fisheries in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland. D The Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1756.

30 Cb. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

Session and Chapter. Title. Short Tide.

29 Geo. 2. c. 36. An Act for inclosing by the mutual consent of the Lord and Tenants, Part of any Common for the Purpose of planting and preserving Trees fit for Timber or Underwood; and for more effectually preventing the unlawful Destruction of Trees. The Inclosure Act, 1756.

31 Geo. 2. c. 11. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend an Act ", and ends with the words "Settlement by Indenture The Apprentices (Settlement) Act, 1757.

31 Geo. 2. c. 22. t An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions ... 1 The Pension Duties Act, 1757.

31 Geo. 2. c. 41. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend and render ", and ends with the words "unlawful Destruction of Trees." The Inclosure Act, 1757.

32 Geo. 2. c. 15. An Act for the better Preservation of the Turnpike Bonds in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland. The Turnpike Roads (Scotland) Act, 1758.

32 Geo. 2. c. 28. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the Relief of Debtors, " and ends with the words "for their Creditors Benefit." The Debtors Imprisonment Act, 1758.

32 Geo. 2. c. 33. An Act, the title of which begins with the words "An Act to explain and amend ", and ends with the words "Rates and Duties on Offices and Pensions." The Pension Duties - Act, 1758.

I Geo. 3. c. 13. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second concerning the Qualification of Justices of the Peace; and for other Purposes therein mentioned. The Justices' Qualification Act, 1760.

2 Geo. 3. c. 15. - An Act for the better supplying the Cities of London and Westminster with Fish, and to reduce the present exorbitant Price thereof, 1 and to protect and encourage 1 Fishermen. The Fish Carriage Act, 1762.

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. SI

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

2 Geo. 3. c. 27. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for enabling the Judges " and ends with the words "not exceeding Twenty Days.'* The Court of Session Adjournment Act, 1762.

3 Geo. 8. c. 15. An Act to prevent occasional Freemen from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities and Boroughs. The Freemen (Admit* sion) Act, 1763.

A Geo. 3. c. 10. - An Act for the more easy Discharge of Recognizances estreated into His Majesty's Court of Exchequer. The Recognisances (Discharge) Act, 1764.

-5 Geo. 3. c. 17. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to confirm all Leases ", and ends with the words "and in arrear on Leases for Life or Lives."; < The Ecclesiastical Leases Act, 1765.

5 Geo. 8. c. 26. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for carrying into execution" and ends with the words M therein particularly mentioned." The Isle of Man Purchase Act, 1765.

<6 Geo. 3. c. 49. An Act to prevent the inconveniences arising from the present Method of issuing Notes and Bills by the Banks, Banking Companies, and Bankers, in that part of :Great Britain called Scotland. The Bank Notes (Scotland) Act, 1765.

Geo. 3* c. >12. 1 t An Act for the better securing the' . Dependency of His Majesty's Dominions in America upon the Crown and Parliament of Great Britain. The American Color nies Act, 1766.

6 Geo. 3. c. 58. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for altering the Oath" and ends with the words "High Treason or Misprision of Treason." The Treason Act, 1766.

7 Geo. 3. c. 9. An Act the title of which begins with the words An Act for obviating Doubts " and ends with the words u any new Commission of the Peace." The Justices Oaths Act, 1766. "

7 Geo. 3. c. 21. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to obviate Inconveniences" and ends with the words "qualified to act within the same." D 2 The Justices Quorum Act, 1766.

32 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896.

69 & 60 VICT.

[Short Title.]

flewion and Chapter. Title.

7 Geo. 8. c. 38. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the Eighth Tear of the Reign of King George the Second, for Encouragement of the Arts of Designing, Engraving, and Etch* ing Historical and other Prints The Engraving Copyright Act, 1766.

7 Geo. 3. c. 48. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for regulating, " and ends with the words "in their respective General Courts." The Public Companies Act, 1767.

9 Geo. 8. c. 16. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled " An Act for the general Quiet " of the Subjects against all " Pretences of Concealment " whatsoever." The Crown Suits Act* 1769.

9 Geo. 3. c. 37. An Act ..... for preventing Parish Poor being paid in base or counterfeit Coin. The Poor Relief Act* 1769.

10 Geo. 8. c. 47. An Act for better regulating Persons employed in the Service of the East India Company, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. The East India Company Act, 1770.

10 Geo. 8. c. 60. An Act for the further preventing Delays of Justice by reason of Privilege of Parliament The Parliamentary Privilege Act, 1770.

10 Geo. 8. c. 61. An Act to encourage the Improvement of Land?, Tenements, and Hereditaments in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland held under Settlements of strict Entail. The Entail Improvement Act, 1770.

11 Geo. 8. c. 31. An Act for the Encouragement of the White Herring Fishery. The White Herring-Fisheries Act, 1871.

11 Geo. 8. c. 63. An Act for widening the Highways in that part of Great Britain called Scotland. The Highway (Scotland) Act, 1871.

12 Geo. 3. c. 11. An Act for the better regulating the future Marriages of the Royal Family. The Royal Marriages Act, 1772.

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 38

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

12 Geo. 8. c. 20. An Act for the more effectual proceeding against Persons standing mute on their Arraignment for Felony or Piracy. The Felony and Piracy Act, 1772.

12 Geo. 3. c. 24. An Act for the better securing and preserving His Majesty's Hock-yards, Magazine?, Ships, Ammunition, and Stores. The Dockyards, &c. Protection Act, 1772.

12 Geo. 3. c. 45. An Act for the better Regulation of Carters, Carriages, and loaded Horses, and for removing Obstructions and Nuisances upon the Streets and Highways within that part of Great Britain called Scotland. The Traffic Regulation (Scotland) Act, 1772.

12 Geo. 3. c. 72. An Act ..... for extending the Privilege of Bills to Promissory Notes and for limiting Actions upon Bills and Promissory Notes, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland. The Bills of Exchange (Scotland) Act, 1772.

13 Geo. 3. c. 21. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act* and ends with the words "to the Children of such Children.* The British Nationality Act, 1772.

13 Geo. 3. c. 32. An Act the title of which begins with the words MAn Act for repealing so much of an Act* and ends with the words "Parsnips, Pease, and Carrots.* The Stealing of Vegetables Act, 1772.

13 Geo. 3. c. 52. An Act for appointing Wardens and Assaymasters for assaying Wrought Plate in the Towns of Sheffield and Birmingham. The Plate Assay (Sheffield and Birmingham) Act, 1772.

13 Geo. 3. c. 54. An Act for the more effectual preservation of the game in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for repealing and amending several of the laws now in being relative thereto. The Game (Scotland) Act, 1772.

13 Geo. 3. c. 59. An Act for repealing so much of an Act of the thirty-first year of his late Majesty as inflicts capital punishment for Frauds and Abuses in the marking or stamping of Gold or Silver Plate; and for inflicting another punishment for the said offence. The Plate (Offences) Act, 1772.

34 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896.

59 & 60 Vior.

Session and Chapter. Title. Short Tide.

13 Geo. 3. c. 63. An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe. The East India Company Act, 1772.

13 Geo. 3. c. 81. An Act for the better Cultivation, Improvement, and Regulation of the Common Arable Fields, Wastes, and Commons of Pasture, in this Kingdom. The Inclosure Act, 1773.

13 Geo. 3*>-c. 82. - An Act for the better regulation of Lying-in Hospitals, and other places appropriated for the charitable Reception of pregnant Women; and also to provide for the Settlement of Bastard Children born in such Hospitals and Places. The Lying-in Hospitals Act, 1773.

14 Geo. 3. c. 48. An Act for regulating Insurances upon Lives, and for prohibiting all such Insurances except in cases where the Persons insuiing shall have an Interest in the Life or Death of tho Persons insured. The Life Assurance Act, 1774.

14 Geo. 3. c. 78. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the more effectually " and ends with the words "in the County of y i idle sex ." The Fires Prevention (Metropolis) Act, 1774.

14 Geo. 3. c. 83. An Act for making more effectual Provision for the Government of the Province of Quebec in North America. The British North America (Quebec) Act, 1774.

15 Geo. 3. c. 39. An Act to impower Justices of the Peace to administer Oaths where any Penalty is to be levied or Distress to be made, in pursuance of any Act of Parliament, where in the san e is not expressly directed. The Oaths Act, 1775.

15 Geo. 3. c. 53. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act ~for " enabling the Two Universities " in England, " and ends with the words "several Libraries therein mentioned." The Copyright Act, 1775.

17 Geo. ?#c. 19. An Act for the more effectual Prevention of the manufacturing of Ash, Elder, SW, and other leaves, in imitation of Tea, and to prevent Frauds in the Revenue of Excise in respect to Tea. D The Adulteration of Tea Act, 1776. by

S

1896.

Short Titles, 189b*.

OH. 14. 35

Swoon mod Chapter.

Title.

17 Geo. 3. c. 53.

An Act to promote the Residence of the Parochial Clergy by making provision for the more speedy and effectual building, rebuilding, repairing, or purchasing Houses and other necessary Buildings and Tenements for the use of their Benefices.

17 Geo. 3. c. 56.

17 Geo. 3. c. 57.

18 Geo. 8. c. 19.

- An Act the title of which begins

with the words "An Act for " amending and rendering more " effectual, '* and ends with the words "Frauds by Journeymen Dyers.

- An Act for more effectually securing

the Property of Prints to Inventors and Engravers, by enabling them to sue for and recover Penalties in certain Cases.

An Act for removing all Doubts and Apprehi nsions concerning Taxation by the Parliament of Great Britain in any of the Colonies, Provinces, and Plantations in North America and the West Indies.

18 Geo. 8. c. 47.

19 Geo. 3. c. 20.

19 Geo. 3. c.

19 Geo. 8. c. 70.

20 Geo. 3. c. 17.

- An Act to amend such part of an

Act made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled " An Act for the Relief of the Poor, ac relates to the binding of Parish Apprentices.

- An Act the title of which begins

with the words "An Act for the " better raising and securing, " and ends with the words "for those purposes."

- An Act for the further Relief of Protestant Dissenting Ministers and Schoolmasters.

An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled " An Act to " prevent frivolous and vexatious " Arrests j and for other purposes.

- An Act to remove certain Difficulties relative to Voters at County Elections.

[Short Title.]

The - Clergy Residences Repair Act, 1776.

The Frauds by Workmen Act, 1777.

The Prints Copyright Act, 1777.

The Taxation of Colonies Act, 1778.

The Parish Apprentices Act, 1778.

The Ministers' Widows Fund (Scotland.) Act, 1779.

The Nonconformist Relief Act, 1779.

The Inferior Courts Act, 1779.

The Parliamentary Elections Act, 1780.

by Goo

36 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896.

59 & 60 Vict,

Session and Chapter. Title. Short Tide.

31 Geo. 3. c. 14. An Act for raising a certain Sum by way of Annuities and a Lottery ..... The Lotteries (Ireland) Act, 1780.

31 Geo. 3. c. 49. An Act for preventing certain Abuses and Profanations on the Lord's Day, called Sunday. The Sunday Observance Act, 1780.

31 Geo. 3. c. 66. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to explain and amend an Act, " and ends with the words "for the use of their Benefices." The Clergy Residences Repair Act, 1780.

31 Geo. 3. c. 70. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to explain and amend so much of " &u Act, " and ends with the " words " to the Process of the Supreme Court." The East India Company Act, 1780.

32 Geo. 8. c. 45. - An Act for restraining any Person concerned in any Contract, Commission, or Agreement, made for the Publick Service, from being elected or sitting and voting as a Member of the House of Commons. The House of Commons (Disqualification) Act, 1782.

32 Geo. 3. c. 73. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to explain an Act, " and ends with the words "under certain Restrictions." The Tobacco Act, 1782.

32 Geo. 3. c. 75. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to prevent the granting, " and ends with the words "and behave well therein." The Colonial Leave of Absence Act, 1782.

32 Geo. 3. c. 82. An Act the title of which begins with the words <* An Act for enabling his Majesty, " and ends with the words out of the Revenues of the Civil List." The Civil List and Secret Service Money Act, 1782.

33 Geo. 3. c. 15. An Act for rendering more effectual the Provisions contained in an Act of the Thirteenth Year of King George the First for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Dying Trade. The Dyeing Trade (Frauds) Act, 1783.

33 Geo. 8. c. 28. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for removing and preventing, " and ends with the words "the Kingdom of Great Britain." The Irish Appeals Act, 1783.

1896.

Short Titles, 1896. Ch. 14. 37

Session and Chapter.

Title.

[Short Title.]

23 Geo. 3. c. 45.

- An Act for regulating the proceedings of the Court of Justiciary and Circuit Courts in Scotland.

The Justiciary and Circuit Courts (Scotland) Act, 1783.

24 Geo. 8. sess. 2. c. 20.

An Act for altering and amending an Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled " An Act for appointing " Wardens and Assay Masters "for assaying wrought Plate in the Towns of Sheffield and " Birmingham/* so far as relates to the said Town of Sheffield.

The Plate (Sheffield) 1784.

Assay

Act,

24 Geo. 3. sess. 2. c. 25.

An Act for the better Regulation The East India Com-and Management of the Affairs p&ny Act, 1781. of the East India Company and of the British Possessions in India, and for establishing a Court of Judicature for the more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons accused of Offences committed in the East Indies.

24 Geo. 3. sess. 2. c. 26.

An Act the title of which begins The Recess Elections with the words "An Act to re- Act, 1784. peal so much of/* and ends with the words "for the like purposes.

24 Geo. 3. sess. 2. c. 35.

25 Geo. 3. c. 18.

25 Geo. 3. c. 35.

25 Geo. 3. c. 77.

25 Geo. 3. c. 84.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to im- power the Bishop of London/* and ends with tire words "as appointed by law.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to ini-power the Justices, and ends with the words "County of Middlesex.' *

An Act for the more easy and effectual Sale of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of Crown Debtors or of their Sureties.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend so much of an Act* and ends with the words "that Part " of Great Britain called England.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to limit the Duration/* and ends with the words "to serve in Parliament.

The Ordination of Aliens Act, 1784.

The Newgate Gaol Delivery Act, 1785.

The Crown Debtors Act, 1785.

The Fires Prevention (Metropolis) Act 1785.

The Parliamentary Elections Act, 1785.

38 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

Session and Chapter. Title. Short Tide.

26 Geo. 3. c. 81. An Act for vesting certain Sums in Commissioners at the end of every Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the Redaction of the National Debt. The National Debt Reduction Act, 1786.

26 Geo. 3. c. 40. An Act for regulating the Production of Manifests, and for more effectually preventing fraudulent Practices in obtaining Bounties and Drawbacks, and in the clandestine Relanding of Goods. The Exports Act. 1786.

26 Geo. 3. c. 57. An Act for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in the East Indies; and for the more easy Pi oof, in certain Cases, of Deeds and Writings executed in Great Britain or India. The East India Company Act, 1786.

26 Geo. 3. c. 62. An Act to enable the East India Company to raise Money by a Sale of Annuities, and by increasing their Capital Stock. The East India Company (Money) Act, 1786.

26 Geo. 3. c. 71. ' An Act for regulating Houses and other Places kept for the Purpose of slaughtering Horses. The Knackers Act, 1786.

27 Geo. 3. c. 31. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for making Allowances, " and ends with the words "relative to the Revenue of Excise.* The Exports Act, 1787.

27 Geo. 3. c. 44. An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Suits in Ecclesiastical Courts. The Ecclesiastical Suits Act, 1787.

28 Geo. 3. c. 7. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend and render, " and ends with the words "Gold and Silver Thread" The Gold and Silver Thread Act, 1788.

28 Geo. 8. c. 29. An Act to enable the East India Company to borrow a further Sum of Money upon Bond. The East India Company (Money) Act, 1788.

28 Geo. 8. c. 56. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to repeal, " and ends with the words "like purpose in lieu thereof." c The Marine Insurance Act, 1788.

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896.

Ch. 14. 39

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

29 Geo. 3. c. 46. An Act the title of v-hich begins with the words "An Act for preventing, " and ends with the words "in that part of Great Britain called Scotland." The Destruction of Property (Scotland) Act, 1789.

29 Geo. 3. c. 65. An Act to enable the East India Company to raise Money by further increasing their Capital Stock. The East India Company (Money) Act, 1789.

30 Geo. $. c. 31. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to alter so much, " and ends with the words "marking of SilverWares." The Silver Plate Act, 1790.

30 Geo. 3. c. 48. An Act for discontinuing the Judgement which has been required by Law to be given against Women convicted of certain Crimes, and substituting another Judgement in lieu thereof. The Treason Act, 1790.

80 Geo. 3. c. 49. An Act to impower Justices and other Persons to visit Parish Workhouses or Poorhouses, and examine and certify the State and Condition of the Poor therein to the Quarter Sessions. The Workhouses Act, 1790.

31 Geo. 3. c. 11. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for removing, " and ends with the words "their Capital Stock." The East India Company (Money) Act, 1791.

31 Geo. 3. c. 31. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to repeal, " and ends with the words "Government of the said Province." The Clergy Endowments (Canada) Act, 1791.

31 Geo. 3. c. 32. An Act to relieve, upon Conditions and under Restrictions, the Persons therein described from certain Penalties and Disabilities to which Papists or Persons professing the Popish Religion are by Law subject. The Roman Catholic Relief Act, 1791.

32 Geo. 3. c. 56. An Act for preventing the counterfeiting of certificates of the characters of servants. The Servants* Characters Act, 1792.

32 Geo. 3. c. 57. An Act for the further Regulation of Parish Apprentices. The Parish Apprentices Act, 1792.

32 Geo. 3. c. 60. An Act to remove Doubts respecting the Functions of Juries in Cases of Libel. The Libel Act, 1792. 1C

40 Ch. 14.

Short Titles , 1896.

59 & 60 VICT.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

82 Geo. 3. c. 68. An Act for granting Belief to Pastors, Ministers, and Lay Persons of the Episcopal Communion in Scotland. The Scottish Episcopalians Relief Act. 1792.

83 Geo. 3. c. 18. An Act to prevent Acts of Parliament from taking effect from a Time prior to the passing thereof. The Acts of Parliament (Commencement) Act, 1793.

33_ Geo. 3. c. 47. An Act the title of which begins with the words An Act for placing, and ends with the words "certain Debts of the said Company.* The East India Company (Money) Act, 1793.

33 Geo. 3. c. 62. An Act for continuing in the East India Company for a further Term the possession of the British Territories in India, together with their exclusive trade, under certain Limitations; for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the said Territories and the better Administration of Justice within the same; for appropriating to certain uses the Revenues and Profits of the said Company; and for making Provision for the good Order and Government of the Towns of Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay. The East India Company Act, 1793.

88 Geo. 8* c. 55. An Act to authorise Justices of the Peace to impose Fines upon Constables, Overseers, and other Peace or Parish Officers for Neglect of Duty, and on Masters of Apprentices for ill Usage of such their Apprentices; and also to make Provision for the Execution of Warrants of Distress granted by Magistrates. The Parish Officers Act, 1793.

88 Geo. 8. c. 64. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to explain, and ends with the words u Time and Place of Election.* The Parliamentary Elections Act, 1793.

83 Geo. 8. c. 67. An Act for better preventing Offences in obstructing, destroying, or damaging Ships or other Vessels, and in obstructing Seamen, Kcelmen, Casters, and Ship Carpenters from pursuing their lawful Occupations. The Shipping Offences Act, 1793. by

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896.

Go. 14. 41

flmiiim end Chapter.

Title.

34 Geo. 8. c. 41.

An Act to impower the East India Company to continue a Bond

Debt of Two Millions, and to increase the same by a further Sam, as Circumstances may require.

84 Geo. 8. c. 58.

85 Geo. 8. c. 101.

- An Act to prevent the Removal of

Suits from the Inferior Courts in the Counly Palatine of Lancaster into the Court of Common Pleas of the said County Palatine.

- An Act to prevent the Removal of

Poor Persons until they shall become actually chargeable.

85 Geo. 8. c. 118.

- An Act for the more effectual Prevention of selling Ale and other Liquors by Persons not duly licensed.

85 Geo. 3. c. 122.

An Act the title of which begins with the words An Act to enable his Majesty, *' and ends with the words "of that Kingdom."

85 Geo. 8. c. 125.

86 Geo. 3. c. 7.

86 Geo. 8. c. 9.

86 Geo. 3. c. 10.

86 Gea 3. c. 52.

- An Act for preventing the Accumulation of Debts by any future Heir Apparent of the Crown, and for regulating the Mode of Expenditure from the Time when a separate Establishment shall be made for such future Heir Apparent.

An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts.

- An Act to prevent Obstructions to the free Passage of Grain within the Kingdom.

An Act the title whereof begins with the words "An Act for the better relief of the poor," and ends with the words "maintenance of the poor."

- An Act for repealing certain Duties on Legacies and Shares of Personal Estates, and for granting other Duties thereon in certain Cases.

Short This.

The East India Company (Money) Act, 1794.

The Lancaster Palatine Courts Act, 1794.

The Poor Removal Act, 1795.

The Sale of Beer Act, 1795.

The Burghs of Barony (Scotland) Act, 1795.

The Heir Apparent's Establishment Act, 1795.

The Treason Act* 1795.

The Passage of Grain Act, 1795.

The Poor Relief Act, 1795.

The Legacy Duty Act, 1796.

42 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896.

69 & 60 VICT.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

36 Geo. '3. c. 60. An Act to regulate the making and vending of Metal ButtOLS, and to prevent the Purchasers thereof from being deceived in the real Quality of such Buttons. The Metal Button Act, 1796.

36 Geo. 3. c. 85.. An Act for the better Regulation of Mills. The Mills Act, 1796.

36 Geo. 3. c. 88. An Act. the title of which begins with the words An Act to regulate, " and ends with the words Limits therein mentioned." The Hay and Straw Act, 1796.

37 Geo. 3. c. 25. An Act for the better raising and ordering the Militia Forces of the Tower Hamlets, in the county of Middlesex. The Militia (Tower Hamlets) Act, 1796.

37 Geo. 3. c. 70. An Act for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience. The Incitement to Mutiny Act, 1797.

37 Geo. 3. c. 123. - An Act for more effectually preventing the administering or taking of unlawful oaths. The Unlawful Oaths Act, 1797. (' p .-.v

37 Geo. 3. c. 127. - An Act the title of which begins with the words u An Act to shorten, " and ends with the words Demise of the Crown." The Meeting of Parliament Act, 1797. t.

37 Geo. 3. c. 142. - An Act for the better Administration of Justice at Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay; and for preventing British Subjects, from being concerned in Loans to the Native Princes in India. The East India Act, 1797,

38 Geo. 8. c. 5. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight. The Land Tax Act! 1797.

1896.

Short Titles 1896. Ch. 14. 43

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

38 Geo. 3. c. 48. An Act to alter and amend so much of an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled "An Act for granting an " Aid to His Majesty by a land " Tax to be raised in Great Bri-u tain for the Service of the " Year One thousand seven " hundred and ninety-eight, " as relates to the Qualification of Commissioners. The Land Tax Corii-missioners Act, 1798.

38 Geo. 3. c. 52. An Act to regulate the Trial of The Counties of Cities

Causes, Indictments, and other Proceedings which arise within the Counties of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom. Act, 1798.

38 Geo. 3. c. 60. ? An Act for making perpetual, sub- The Land Tax Per-

ject to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein stated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax for One Year from the Twenty-fifth day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight. petuation Act, 1798.

38 Geo. 8. c. 69. An Act for allowing Gold Wares to be manufactured at a Standard lower than is now allowed by Law. The Gold Plate (Standard) Act, 1798.

38 Geo. 3. e* 87. An Act for the Administration of The Administration of

4 Assets in cases where the Executor to whom Probate has been granted is out of the Realm. Estates Act, 1798.

39 Geo. 3. c. 34. An Act the title of which begins The Partridges Act,

t «' V i with the words- "An Act for repealing, " and ends with the words "Provisions for that purpose." 1799.

39 Geo. 3. c. 87. An Act for remedying certain The Offences at Sea

: i defects in the . law respecting offences committed upon the High Seas. Act, 1799.

39 Geo. 8. e. An Act for encouraging the Improvement of Lands subject to the Servitude of Thirlage in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland. The Thirlage Act, 1799.

89 Geo. 8, c. 56. An Act to explain and amend the The Colliers (Scot-

Laws relative to Colliers in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland. land) Act, 1799.

44 Ch. 14.

Short Titles 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

39 Geo. 8. c. 78. An Act for exempting certain specifick Legacies which shall be given to Bodies Corporate or other Publick Bodies from the Payment of Duty. The Legacy Duty Act, 1799.

89 Geo. 8. c. 79. An Act for the more effectual Suppression of Societies established for seditious and treasonable pur* poses and for better preventing treasonable and seditious practices. The Unlawful Societies Act, 1799.

39 Geo. 3. c. 11G. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the Augmentation, " and ends with the words "of their respective Offices." The Judges* Pensions . Act, 1799.

39 & 40 Geo. 3. c. 14. An Act for empowering his Majesty to shorten the Time for the Meeting of Parliament in cases of Adjournment. The Meeting of Parliament Act, 1799.

39 & 40 Geo. 8. c. 28 - An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for advancing the Sum of Three millions towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred. The Bank of England Act, 1800.

89 40 Geo. 3. c. 86. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to enable Courts, " and ends with the words "party thereto." The Transfer of Stock Act, 1800.

39 A40 Geo. 8. c. 41. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for explaining, " and ends with the words "Ecclesiastical Living or Promotion." The Ecclesiastical Leases Act, 1800.

39 & 40 Geo. 8. c. 64. An Act for more effectually charging Publick Accountants with the Payment of Interest, for allowing Interest to them in certain Cases, and for compelling the Payment of Balances due from them. The Public Accountants Act, 1800.

39 & 40 Geo. 8. c. 67. An Act for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland. The Union with Ireland Act, 1800.

39 & 40 Geo. 3. c. 77. An Act for the Security of Collieries and Mines, and for the better Regulation of Colliers and Miners. The Collieries and Mines Act, 1800.

1896.

Short Titles, 1896. Ch. 14. 45

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

39 & 40 Geo. 3. c. 79. An Act for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the British Territories in India, and the belter Administration of Justice within the same. The Government of India Act, 1800.

39 & 40 Geo. 3. c. 81. An Act to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Trade of Hops. The Hop Trade Act, 1800.

39 &40 Geo. 3. c. 88. An Act concerning the Disposition of certain Real and Personal Property of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and also of the Real and Personal Property of Her Majesty, and of the Queen Consort for the time being. The Crown Private Estate Act, 1800.

39 &40 Geo. 3. c. 93. An Act for regulating Trials for High Treason and Misprision of High Treason in certain Cases. The Treason Act, 1800.

89 & 40 Geo. 3. c. 94. An Act for the safe Custody of Insane Persons charged with Offences. The Criminal Lunatics Act, 1800.

39 & 40 Geo. 3. c. 98. An Act to restrain all Trusts and Directions in Deeds or Wills whereby the Profits or Produce of Real or Personal Estate shall be accumulated, and the beneticial enjoyment thereof postponed, beyond the time therein limited. The Accumulations Act, 1800.

39 &40 Geo. 3. c. 109. An Act for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders or other Onlers, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed. The Exchequer Bills Act, 1800.

41 Geo. 3. U.K. c. 23. An Act for the better Collection of Rates made for the Relief of the Poor. The Poor Rate Act, 1801.

41 Geo. 3. U.K. c. 25. An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Master of the Rolls in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; and for augmenting the Salary annexed to the said Office. The Master of the Rolls (Ireland) Act, 1801.

41 Geo. 3. U.K. c. 32. An Act for granting to his Majesty several Sums of Money for defraying the Charge of certain permanent Services in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland. E The Irish Charges Act, 1801.

46 Cfl. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1S96.

59 & 60 VICT,

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

41 Geo. 3. U.K. c. 52. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for declaring, " and ends with the words "Parliament of the said United Kingdom." The House of Commons (Disqualifications) Act, 1801.

41 Geo. 3. U.K. c. 57. An Act for the better Prevention of the Forgery of the Notes and Bills of Exchange of Persons carrying on the Business of Bankers. The Bank Notes Forgery Act, 1801.

41 Geo. 3. U.K. c. 63. An Act to remove Doubts respecting the Eligibility of Persons in Holy Orders to sit in the House of Commons. The House of Commons (Clergy Disqualification) Act, 1801.

41 Geo. 3. U.K. c. 78. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to extend the powers, " and ends with the words "their charges in certain Cases." The Constables Expenses Act, 1901.

41 Geo. 3. U.K. c. 79. An Act for the better Regulation of Public Notaries in England. The Public Notaries Act, 1801.

41 Geo. 3. U.K. q. 85. An Act for better Payment of Fines and Forfeitures imposed by Justices out of Session in England. The Fines by Justices Act, 1801.

41 Geo. 3. U.K. c. 86. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Stamp Duties on Cards and Dice; on Probates of Wills; on certain Indentures, Leases, Bonds, or other Deeds; and on Ale Licences. The Probate Duty Act, 1801.

41 Geo. 3. U.K. c. 88. An Act for providing Accommodations in Assize Towns for the Judges in Ireland, where such Accommodations are not already provided. The Judges' Lodgings (Ireland) Act, 1801.

41 Geo. 3. U.K. c. 90. An Act for the more speedy and 1 effectual Recovery of Debts due to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in right of the Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and for the better Administration of Justice within the same. The Crown Debts Act, 1801.

41 Geo. 3. U.K. c. 103. An Act ... to declare the Isle 1 of Malta to be Part of Europe. The Malta Act, 1P01. zed by

1896.

Short Titles 1896. Ch. 14. 47

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

U Geo. 3. U.K. c. 105. An Act to authorise the Judges to whom Petitions for certain Bills shall be referred to examine Witnesses upon Oath. The Witnesses on Petitions Act, 1S01.

41 Geo. 3.U.K. c. 109. An Act for consolidating in one Act certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Facts usually required on the passing of such Acts. The Inclosure (Consolidation) Act, 180L

42 Geo. 3. c. 46. An Act the title whereof begins with the words "An Act to require overseers, " and ends with the words "subsequent Acts." The Parish Apprentices Act, 1802.

42 Geo. 3. c. 56. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth year of the reign of His present Majesty for granting stamp duties on certain medicines, and for charging other duties in lieu thereof, and for making effectual provision for the better collection of the said duties. The Medicines Stamp Act, 1802.

42 Geo. 3. c. 68. An Act to enable his Majesty to accept and continue the Services of certain Troops or Companies of Yeomanry in Ireland. The Yeomanry (Ireland) Act, 1802.

42 Geo. 3. c. 72. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for repealing an Act, " and ends with the words "Defence of Great Britain." The Militia (Stannaries) Act, 1802.

42 Geo. 3. c. 85. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the trying, " and ends with the words "to commit to safe Custody." The Criminal Jurisdiction Act, 1802.

42 Geo. 3. c. 90. An Act for amending the Laws relating to tl.e Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia. The Militia Act, 1802.

42 Geo. 3. c. 91. An Act to raise and establish a Militia Force in Scotland. The Militia (Scotland) Act, 1802.

42 Geo. 3. c. 116. - An Act the title of which be jins with the words "An Act for con- so1 idating the Provisions, " and ends with the words "have been " redeemed or purchased." E 2 The Land Tax Redemption Act, 1802.

48 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

42 Geo. 3. c. 119. - An Act to suppress certain Games and Lotteries not authorised by Law. The Gaming Act, 1802.

48 Geo. 3. c. 10. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend/* and ends with the words "serving in the Militia." The Militia (Exemption of Religious Teachers) Act, 1802.

43 Geo. 8. c. 50. An Act for more speedily completing the Militia of Great Britain, raised under Two Acts, passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and for amending the said Acts. The Militia Act, 1803.

43 Geo. 8. c. 61. An Act to render more effectual an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign for consolidating the provisions of the several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax. The Land Tax Redemption Act, 1803.

43 Geo. 3. c. 69. An Act for remedying certain Defects in the Laws relative to the building and repairing of County Bridges, and other Works maintained at the Expence of the Inhabitants of Counties in England. The Bridges Act, 1803.

43 Geo. 3. c. 73. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend an Act, " and ends with the words "better Collection of the said Duties." The Medicines Stamp Act, 1803.

43 Geo. 3. c. 86. An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen, Artificers, Journeymen, and Labourers in Ireland; and for other purposes relating thereto. The Unlawful Combinations (Ireland) Act, 1808.

43 Geo. 3. c. 89. An Act for providing Relief for the Families of Militia Men in Scotland when called out into actual Service. The Militia (Scotland) Act, 1803.

43 Geo. 3. c. 100. An Act to render more effectual two Acts made in this present Session of Parliament, for the more speedily completing the Militia of Great Britain, and for raising an additional Military Force for the better Defence of the United Kingdom. ° Digitii The Militia (Scotland) (No. 2) Act, 1803.

96.

Short Titles 1896. Ch. 14. 49

Session and Chapter. Title. Short Tide.

43 Geo. 3. c. 107. An Act the title of which begins with the \vor<l-> " An Act 'hr effectuating/* and ends wit. the words "Powers of the said Governors." The Queen Anne's Bounty Act, 1803.

43 Geo. 3. c. 108. - An Act to promote the building, repairing, or otherwise providing of Churches and Chapels, and of Houses for the Residence of Ministers, and the providing of Church Yards and Glebes. The Gifts for Churches Act, 1803.

43 Geo. 3. c. 139. An Act for preventing the forging and counterfeiting of Foreign Bills of Exchange, and of Foreign Promissory Notes and Orders for the Payment of Money; and for preventing the counterfeiting of Foreign Copper Money. The Forgery of Foreign Bills Act, 1803.

43 Geo. 3. c. 140. - An Act to enable the Judges of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster to award Write of Habeas Corpus for bringing Persons detained in Gaol before Courts-Martial and the several Commissioners therein mentioned. The Habeas Cor us Act, 1803.

43 Geo. 3. c. 141. An Act to render Justices of the Peace more safe in the Execution of their Duty. The Justices Protection Act, 1803.

43 Geo. 3. c. 143. 43 Geo. 3. c. 161. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the rendering, " and ends with the words "Deputy Governors respectively." An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for " repealing the several Duties, " and ends with the words "Carriages by Auction or on Commission." The Public Officers Protection' (Ireland) Act, 1803. The House Tax Act, 1803.

44 Geo. 3. c. 43. An Act to enforce the due Observance of the Canons and Rubrick respecting the Ages of Persons to be admitted into the Sacred Orders of Deacon and Priest. The Clergy Ordination Act, 1804.)

44 Geo. 3. c. 64. An Act to consolidate and amend the Provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain; and to make further Regulations relating thereto. The Yeomanry Act, 04.

50 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

44 Geo. 3. c. 77. An Act the title of which begins with the tvords " An Act to render valid, " and ends with the words "better preventing of clandestine Marriages." The Marriages Confirmation Act, 1804.

44 Geo. 3. c. 94. An Act to explain an Act of the present Session of Parliament for consolidating and emending the Provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain, so far as respects the accounting for Monies received by Volunteer Officers. The Yeomanry (Accounts) Act, 1804.

44 Geo. 3* c. 98. An Act to repeal the several duties under the Commissioners for managing the duties upon stamped vellum, parchment, and paper in Great Britain, and to grant new and additional duties in lieu thereof. The Stamp Act, 1804.

44 Geo. 3. c. 102. - An Act for the more effectual Administration of Justice in those Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain called England and Ireland by issuing of Writs of Habeas Corpus ad testificandum in certain cases. The Habeas Corpus Act, 1804.

45. Geo. 3. c. 28. An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Stamp Duties in Great Britain on certain Legacies. The Legacy Duty Act, 1805.

45 Geo. 3. c. 77. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for consolidating the provisions of the several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sole of the Land Tax into one Act. The Land Tax Redemption Act, 1805.

45 Geo. 3. c. 84. An Act for making more effectual the gracious Intentions of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Pool Clergy, so far as relates to the Returns of Certifeetes into the Exchequer and Gifts of Personal Property. The Queen Anne's Bounty Act, 1806.

1806.

Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. H. 51

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

45 Geo. 3. c. 89. An Act to alter and extend the Provisions of the Laws now in force for the Punishment of the Forgery of Bank N otes, Bills of Exchange, and other Securities to every Part of Great Britain. The Bank Notes (For gery) Act, 1805.

45 Geo. 3. c. 92. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend/* and ends with the words "and from one County to another/* The Writ of Subpoena Act, 1805.

45 Geo. 3. c. 111. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act for " erecting and establishing " Publick Infirmaries or Hospitals in this Kingdom/' The County Infirmaries (Ireland) Act, 1805.

46 Geo. 3. c. 37. An Act to declare the Law. with respect to Witnesses refusing to answer. The Witnesses Act, 1806.

46 Geo. 3. c. 43. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Appraisements and on Licences to Appraisers in Great Britain. The Appraisers Li- eences Act, 1806.

46 Geo. 3. c- 54. An Act for the more speedy Trial of Offiuces committed in distant Parts upon the Sea. The Offences at Sea Act, 1806.

46 Geo. 3. c. 71. An Act to amend several Acts for the Encouragement of finding and working Mines and Minerals within Ireland. The Mines (Ireland) Act, 1806.

46 Geo. 3. c. 106. An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Dutica, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland. The Revenue (Ireland) Act, 1806.

46 Geo. 3. C..J48. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum-of Money to be raised- by Lotteries- . The Lotteries Act, 1806.

46 Geo. 3. c. 153. An Act for the preservation of the Publick Hatbours of the United Kingdom. The Public Harbours Act, 1806.

52 Cff. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

47 Geo. 3. Sees. 2. c. 15. An Act to provide for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duty on Gold and Silver Plate wrought or manufactured in Ireland. The Plate Assay (Ireland) Act, 1807.

47 Geo. 3. Sess. 2. c. 50. An Act to amend an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for erecting and establishing Publick Infirmaries or Hospitals in Ireland. The County Infirmaries (Ireland) Act, 1807.

48 Geo. 3. c. 47. An Act for quieting possessions and confirming defective Titles in Ireland, and limiting the Right of the Crown to sue in manner therein mentioned; and for the Relief of Incumbents in respect of Arrears due to the Crown during the Incumbency of their Predecessors. The Crown Claims Limitation (Ireland) Act, 1808.

48 Geo. 3. c. 55. An Act for repealing the Duties of Assessed Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof, and certain additional Duties to be consolidated therewith; and also for repealing the Stamp Duties on Game Certificates, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof, to be placed under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes. The House Tax Act, 1808.

48 Geo. 3. c. 58. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for amending, " and ends with the words "the Bail Bonds to the King." The Bail Bonds Act, 1808.

48 Geo. 3. c. 72. An Act for the Increase and Preservation of Timber in Dean and New Forests. The Dean and New Forests Act, 1808.

48 Geo. 3. c. 75. An Act for providing suitable Interment in Churchyards or Parochial Burying Grounds in England for such dead Human Bodies as may be cast on Shore from the Sea, in cases of Wreck or otherwise. The Burial of Drowned Persons Act, 1808.

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 58

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

48 Geo. 8. c. 103. An Act for further extending the Provisions of several Acts for establishing the Bank of Ireland; and for empowering the Governor and Company of the said Bank to advance the Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, Irish Currency, towards the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight. The Bank of Ireland Act, 1808.

48 Geo. 3. c. 106. - An Act to remedy the Inconvenience which has arisen and may arise from the Expiration of Acts before the passing of Acts to continue the same. The Acts of Parliament (Expiration) Act, 1808.

48 Geo. 3. c. 110. An Act for the further encouragement and better Regulation of the British White Herring Fishery until the First day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament. The Herring Fishery (Scotland) Act, 1808.

48 Geo. 8. c. 113. - An Act to empower Grand Juries in Ireland (or Persons appointed by them) to sell or exchange Ground that has been occupied by old Court Houses, Gaols, or County Infirmaries, and the Materials thereon. The Disused Public Buildings (Ireland) Act, 1808.

48 Geo. 3. c. 127. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to render valid, '* and ends with the words "preventing of clandestine Marriages." The Marriages Confirmation Act, 1808.

48 Geo. 3. c. 128. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to repeal so much, " and end with the words "and settling such Accounts." The Regimental Accounts Act, 1808.

48 Geo. 3. c. 138. An Act for defining ond regulating the Powers of the Commission of Teinds, in augmenting and modifying the Stipends of the Clergy of Scotland. The Teinds Act, 1808.

48 Geo. 3. c. 140. An Act for the more effectual administration of the Office of a justice of the peace and for the more effectual prevention of felonies within the district of Dublin metropolis. The Dublin dice Magistrates Act, 1808.

54 Ch. 14.

Short Titles, 1896.

59 & 60 Tier.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

48 Geo. 3. c. 141. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Duties of Assessed Taxes, and of the Tax upon the Profits of Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, and tor regulate the Assessment* and Collection of the same. The Assessment of Taxes Act, 1808.

48 Geo. 3. c. 142. An Act for enabling the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities. The Life Annuities Act, 1808.

48 Geo. 3. c. 145. An Act for enabling His Majesty to grant Annuities to. the Judges of the Courts of Session, Justiciary, and Exchequer in Scotland upon the Resignation of their Offices. The Judges' Pensions (Scotland) Act, 1808.

48 Geo. 3. c. 149. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for repealing " and ends with the word* " new Duties in lieu thereof." The Probate and Legacy Duties Act, 1808.

48 Geo. 3. c. 151. - An Act concerning the Administration of Justice in Scotland, ' and concerning Appeals to the House of Lords. The Court of Session Act, 1808.

49 Geo. 3. c. 14. An Act for repealing an Act of the Parliament of Scotland relative to Child Murder, and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof. The Concealment of Birth (Scotland) Act, 1800.

49 Geo. 3. c. 27. An Act for establishing Courts* of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland and the Islands adjacent; and for re-annexing Phrt of the Coast of Labrador and the Islands lying on the said-Coast to the Government of Newfoundland. The Newfoundland Act, 1809.

49 Geo. 8. c. 32. An Act the tide of which begins with the words "An Act for continuing " and ends with the words "One thousand eight hundred and nine." The Pension Duties Act, 1809.

49 Geo. 3. c 42. B An Act for better regulating' the Publick Records of Scotland. The Public Records (Scotland) Act, 1809.

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 55

Session and Chapter.

Title.

Short Tide.

49 Geo. 3. c. 101.

- An Act to regulate the Fees payable by Persons charged with Treason, Felony, and all other Offences at Assizes and Quarter Sessions in Ireland, and for amending an Act of the Parliament of Ireland made in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty relating thereto.

The Criminal Prosecutions Fees (Ireland) Act, 1809.

49 Geo. c. 110.

- An Act to rectify a Mistake in an, The Pension Duties Act made in this Session of Par- (No. 2) Act, 1809. liament, for continuing and making perpetual several Duties of one shilling and sixpence on Offices and employments.

49 Geo. 3. c. 120.

- An Act for amending and reducing The Militia (Ireland) into one Act of Parliament Act, 1809. sc veral laws for raising and training the Militia of Ireland.

49 Geo. 3. c. 124.

49 Geo. 3^. c. 126.

- An Act the title whereof begins with the words "An Act for w, altering, " and ends with tbs words " of the poor."

The Poor (Settlement and Removal) Act, 1809.

-, An Act for the further Prevention The Sale . of Offices of the Sale and Brokerage of Act, 1809:

Offices.

50 Geo. 3. c. 33.

50 Geo. 3. c. 49.

50 Geo. 3. tc. £6.

50 Geo. 3. c. 58.

- An Act for enabling Tenants in Tail and for Life and also Ecclesiastical Persons to grant Land for the Purpose of Endowing Schools in Ireland.

The School Sites (Ireland) Act, 1810.

- An Act to amend the Laws for the Relief of the Poor, so far as relate to the examining and allowing the Accounts of Churchwardens and Overseers by Justices of the Peace.

The Poor Rate Act, 1810.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to explain and amend ", and ends with the words "Annuities, Pensions, and Stipends."

The Pension Act, 1810.

Duties

t

An Act to amend several Acts for, the redemption and sale of the Land Tax.

The Land Tax Redemption Act, 1810.

56 Ch. 14.

Short Titles 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

50 Geo. 3. c. 59. An Act for more effectually preventing the embezzlement of Money or Securities for Money belonging to the Public by any Collector, Receiver, or other Person entrusted with the Receipt, Care, or Management thereof. The Embezzlement by Collectors Act, 1810.

50 Geo. 3. c. 82. An Act to amend the Laws relative to the Sale of Flax Seed and Hemp Seed in Ireland. The Flax and Hemp Seed (Ireland) Act, 1810.

50 Geo. 3. c. 84. An Act for augmenting Parochial Stipends in certain cases in Scotland. The Teinds Act, 1810.

50 Geo. 3. c. 85. An Act to regulate the taking of securities in all offices in respect of which security ought to be given, and for avoiding the grant of all such offices in the event of such security not being given within a time to be limited after the grant of such office. The Government Offices Security Act, 1810.

50 Geo. 3. c. 102. - An Act for the more effectually preventing the administering and taking of unlawful oaths in Ireland; and for the protection of Magistrates and Witnesses in Criminal Cases. The Unlawful Oaths (Ireland) Act, 1810.

50 Geo. 3. c. 108. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of the Fisheries of this Kingdom, and the Protection of the Persons employed therein. The Sea Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1810.

50 Geo. 3. c. 112. - An Act for abridging the form of extracting Decrees of the Court of Session in Scotland, and for the Regulation of certain Parts of the Proceedings of that Court. The Court of Session Act, 1810.

51 Geo. 3. c. 36. An Act to facilitate the execution of Justice within the Cinque Ports. The Cinque Ports Act, 1811.

51 Geo. 3. c. 37. An Act further to prevent the Marriage of Lunatics. The Marriage of Lunatics Act, 1811.

51 Geo. 3. c. 64. An Act to enable the East India Company to raise a further Sum of Money upon Bond, instead of increasing their Capital Stock; and to alter and amend an Act passed in the Forty-seventh Year of ths reign of His present Majesty relative thereto. The East India Company Bonds Act, 1811.

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 57

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

51 Geo. 3. c. 100. - An Act to amend an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled " An Act to regulate the Trial of " Causes, Indictments, and other " Proceedings which arise within " the Counties of certain Cities " and Towns Corporate within u this Kingdom." The Counties of Cities Act, 1811.

51 Geo. 3. c. 115. - An Act for amending the Act Forty-third George Third, to promote the building, repairing, or otherwise providing the Churches and Chapels, and of Houses for the Residence of Ministers, and the providing of Church Yards and Glebes. The Gifts for Churches Act, 1811.

52 Geo. 3. c. 11. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for establishing certain Regulations in the offices of the House of Commons, and to establish other and further Regulations in the said offices. The House of Commons (Offices) Act, 1812.

52 Geo. 3. c. 38. An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Local Militia in England. The Local Militia (England) Act, 1312.

52 Geo. 3. c. 56. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to explain " and ends with the words "Pensions and Stipends." The Pension Duties Act, 1812.

52 Geo. 3. c. 66. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to explain and amend" and ends with the words "after the Grant of such Offices." The Security of Public Officers Act, 1812.

52 Geo. 3. c. 68. An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Local Militia in Scotland. The Local Militia (Scotland) Act, 1812.

52 Geo. 3. c. 101. - An Act to provide a summary Remedy in Cases of Abuses of Trusts created for charitable Purposes. The Charities Procedure Act, 1812.

52 Geo. 8. c. 102. An Act for the registering and securing of Charitable Donations. The Charitable Donations Registration Act, 1812.

52 Geo. 3. c. 104. An Act to render more effectual an Act passed in the thirty-seventh year of His present Majesty for preventing the administering or taking of unlawful oaths. The Unlawful Oaths Act, 1812.)by

58 Ch. 14.

Short Titles, 1898.

59 & 60 V ict

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

62 Geo. 3. c. 105. An Act the title of which begins with the words An Act to continue/' and ends with the words u due application thereof." I ! The Militia Returns Act, 1812.

52 Geo. 3. c. 110. An Act the title of which begins with the words ik An Act for amending," and ends with the words lt of Counties in England." The Bridges Act, 1812.

52 Geo. 3. c. 116. - An Act to amend an Act of this Session of Parliament for amending the Laws relating to the Local Militia of England. The Local Militia (Exemption) Act, 1812.

52 Geo. 3. c. 130. - An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Persons destroy, ing the Properties of His Majesty's Subjects, and enabling the Owners of such Properties to recover Damages for the Injury sustained. The Malicious Damage Act, 1812.

52 Geo. 3. c. 131. - An Act to exempt from the Duties of One Shilling and of Sixpence in the Pound certain Augmentations made to the Stipends of Parishes in Scotland. The Parochial Stipends (Scotland) Act, 1812.

52 Geo. 3. c. 134. An Act for the better Regulation of the Butter Trade in Ireland. The Butter Trade (Ireland) Act, 1812.

52 Geo. 3. c. 143. - An Act for amending and reducing into one Act the Provisions contained in any Laws now in force imposing the Penalty of Death for any Act done in breach of or in resistance to any Part of the Laws for cullceting His Majesty's Revenue in Great Britain. The Land Tax Certificates Forgery Act, 1812.

52 Geo. 3. c. 144. An Act to suspend and finally vacate the ats of Members of the House of Commons who shall become Bankrupts, and who shall not pay their Debts in full within a limited Time. The Members of Parliament (Bankruptcy) Act, 1812.

52 Geo. 3. c. 146. An Act for the better regulating and preserving Parish and other Registers of Births, Baptisms, Marrlaii and Burials in England. The Parochial Registers Act, 1812.

i

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 59

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

52 Geo. 3. c. 15Q. - An Act lo amend an Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign for granting Stamp Duties in Great Britain so far as regards the Duties granted on Medicines and on Licences for vending the same. The Medicines Stamp Act, 1812.

52 Geo. 3. c. 155. An Act to repeal certain Acts and amend other Acts relating to Religious Worship and Assemblies, and Persons teaching or preaching therein. The Places of Religious Worship Act, 1812.

52 Geo. 3. c. 156. An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Persons aiding Prisoners of War to escape from His Majesty's Dominions. The Prisoners of War (Escape) Act, 1812.

53 Geo. 3. c. 28. An Act to extend and amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament for amending the Laws The Local Militia (England) Act, 1813.

relating to the Local Militia in England.

53 Geo. 3. c. 29. An Act to extend and amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for amending the Laws relating " to the Local Militia in Scotland." The Militia (Scotland) Act, 1813.

53 Geo. 3. c. 48. An Act to amend the Laws relating to raising and training the Militia in Ireland. The Local Militia (Ireland) Act, 1813.

53 Geo. 3. c. 49. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of the late King William, as far as relates to the splitting and dividing the Interest in Houses and Lands among several Persons to enable them to vote at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament. The Parliamentary Elections Act, 1813.

53 Geo. 3. c. 64. An Act for the better Regulation of the Court of Session in Scotland. The Court of Session Act, 1813.

63 Geo. 3. c. 77. An Act to amend an Act passed in Ireland in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of His present Majesty for empowering Grand Juries to present Bridges, and Tolls to be paid for passing the same, in certain cases. The Bridges (Ireland) Act, 1813.

53 Geo. 3. c. 89. An Act for the more regular conveyance of Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament. The Parliamentary Writs Act, 1813.)by

60 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

53 Geo. 8. c. 107. An Act for the Appointment of Commissioners for the Regulation of the several Endowed Schools of Public and Private Foundation in Ireland. The Endowed Schools (Ireland) Act, 1813.

53 Geo. 3. c. 117. An Act to prevent Damage to certain Bridges in Scotland from the Floating of Timber. The Bridges (Scotland) Act, 1813,

53 Geo. 3. c. 123. - An Act to amend and render more effectual several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax. The Land Tax Redemption Act, 1813.

53 Geo. 3. c. 127. - An Act for the better Regulation of Ecclesiastical Courts in England, and for the more Easy Recovery of Church Rates and Tithes. The Ecclesiastical Courts Act, 1813.

53 Geo. 3. c. 142. An Act to explain and amend several Acts relative to the Land Tax. The Land Tax Act, 1813.

53 Geo. 3. c. 153. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant additional Annuities to the Judges of the Courts in Westminster Hall on their Resignation of their Offices. The Judges' Pensions Act, 1813.

53 Geo. 3. c. 154. - An Act to render valid, and to authorise the Payment and granting of certain Pensions at Kilmainhnm Hospital, and to empower the Commissioners of the said Hospital to commute Pensions for a Sum of Money in certain Cases. The Kilmainham Hospital (Pensions Commutation) Act, 1813.

53 Geo. 3. c. 155. An Act the title of which begins with the words An Act for continuing in the East India " Company " and ends with the words "Limits of the said Com-41 pany's Charter." The East India Company Act, 1813.

54 Geo. 3. c. 15. An Act for the more easy Recovery of Debts in His Majesty's Colony of New South Wales. The New South Wales (Debts) Act, 1813.

54 Geo. 3. c. 16. An Act to explain an Act of the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty for declaring what Persons shall be disabled from sitting and voting in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. The House of Commons (Disqualifications) Act, 1813.

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 61

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. 1 Title. j

54 Geo. 3. c. 66. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act of His present Majesty for encouraging the Art of making new Models and Casts of Busts and other Things therein mentioned, and for giving further Encouragement to such Arts. The Sculpture Copyright Act, 1814.

54 Geo. 3. c. 62. An Act to amend several Acts for erecting or establishing Public Infirmaries or Hospitals in Ireland so far as relates to the Surgeons and Apothecaries of such Infirmaries or Hospitals. The County Infirmaries (Ireland) Act, 1814.

54 Geo. 3. c. 67. An Act to allow Vivi Voce Verdicts to be returned to the High Court and Circuit Courts of Justiciary of Scotland in certain cases; and for allowing Appeals to the Circuit Courts of Justiciary in Civil Cases to a certain Amount. The Justiciary Courts (Scotland) Act, 1814.

54 Geo. 3. c._68. An Act for the better Regulation of Ecclesiastical Courts in Ireland, and for the more easy Recovery of Church Rates and Tithes. The Ecclesiastical Proctors (Ireland) Act, 1814.

54 Geo. 3. c. 84. An Act for regulating the Time of holding the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions in England. The Quarter Sessions Act, 1814.

54 Geo. 3. c. 90. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to explain and extend, " and ends with the words "at the Expence of Hundreds." The Bridges Act, 1814.

54 Geo. 3. c. 91. An Act to amend so much of an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of Her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, as concerns the Time of appointing Overseers of the Poor. The Poor Law (Overseers) Act, 1814.

54 Geo. 3. c. 92. An Act to secure the Payment of Stamp Duties on Probates and Letters of Administration, and on Receipts for Property obtained by Legacy or Intestacy in Ireland. The Probate and Legacy Duties (Ireland) Act, 1814.

54 Geo. 3. c. 95. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant additional Annuities to the Judges of the Court of King's Bench, and the Judges of the Courts of Common Pleas and Exchequer in Ireland, on the Resignation of their Offices. F The Judges' Pensions (Ireland) Act, 1814.

42 Ch, 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vie*.

Session and Chapter. Title. Short Tide.

54 Geo. 8. c. 96. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifth Year of Queen EKza-Iwth, intituled "An Act containing " divers Orders for Artificers, Labourers, Servants of Hus- bandiy, and Apprentices." The Apprentices Act, 1814.

54 Geo. 3. c. 123. An Act to amend an Act of the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of his present Majesty to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Trade of Hops. The Hop Trade Act, 1814.

54 Geo. 3. c. 145. An Act to take away Corruption of Blood, save in certain Cases. The Corruption of Blood Act, 1814.

54 Geo. 3. c. 146. An Act to alter the Punishment in certain Cases of High Treason. The Treason Act, 1814.

54 Geo. 3. c. 159. An Act for the better Regulation of; the several Ports, Harbours, Roadsteads, Sounds, Channels, Bays, and Navigable Rivers in the United Kingdom, and of His Majesty's Docks, Dock Yards, Arsenals, Wharfs, Moorings, and Stores therein; and for repealing several Acts passed for that purpose. The Harbours Act, 1814.

54 Geo. 3. c. 170. An Act to repeal certain Provisions [in Local Acts for the Maintenance ' and Regulation of the Poor; and to make other Provisions in relation thereto. The'1 Poor Relief Act, 1814.

54 Geo. 3. c. 173. 1 An Act to alter and amend certain i of the Powers and Provisions of 1 several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, and for making further Provision for the Redemption thereof. The Land Tax Redemption Act, 1814.

55 Geo. 3. c. 19. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to grant certain Duties, " and ends with the words "Spirituous liquors in Ireland." The Intoxicating Liquors (Ireland) Act, 1815.

55 Geo. 3. c. 42. An Act to facilitate the Administration of Justice in that part of the United Kingdom called Scotland by the extending Trial by Jury to Civil Causes. The Jury Trials (Scotland) Act, 1815.

55 Geo. 3. c. 50. An Act for the Abolition of Gaol and other Fees connected with the Gaols in England. The Gaol Fees Abolition Act, 1815. I

.1896.

Short Titles, 1896. Ch. 14. 03

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

66 Geo. 8. c. 51. An Act to amend an Act of his late Majesty King George the Second for the more easy assessing, collecting, and levying of County Rates. The.County Rates Act, 1815.

55 Geo. 3. c. 65. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Militia of Great Britain. The Militia (Medical Examination) Act, 1815.

55 Geo. 3. c. 70. An Act for better regulating the Formation and Arrangement of the Judicial and other Records of the Court of Session in Scotland. The Court of Session (Records) Act, 1815.

55 Geo. 3. c. 84. An Act to amend so much of an Act of the Thirty-third year of His present Majesty as relates to fixing the Limits of the Towns of Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay The Indian Presidency Towns Act, 1815.

55 Geo. 3. c. 89. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty-third Year of His Majesty's Reign for making Regulations for the building and repairing of Court Houses and Sessions Houses in Ireland. The Court Houses* (Ireland) Act, 1815.

55 Geo. 3. c. 91. An Act for the payment of Costs and Charges to Prosecutors and Witnesses in Cases of Felony in Ireland. The Criminal Costs* (Dublin) Act, 1815.

55 Geo. 3. c. 94. An Act to continue and amend several Acts relating to the British White Herring Fishery. The Herring Fishery (Scotland) Act. 1815.

55 Geo. 3. c. 100. An Act to provide for the Collect tion and Management of Stamp Duties payable on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, Receipts, and Game Certificates in Ireland. The Stamp Duties* (Ireland) Act, 1815.

55 Geo. 3. c. 104. An Act to make further Provisions for the issuing of Licences to Persons to deal in, retail, make, or manufacture Spirits and other Exciseable Commodities in Ireland ..... The Spirits (Ireland> (No. 2) Act, 1815.

55. Geo. 3. c. 128. An Act to enable His Majesty to acquire ground necessary for Signal and Telegraph Stations. The Admiralty (Signal Stations) Act, 1615.

64 Ch. 14

Short Titles Act, 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

55 Geo. 3. c. 134. An Act for altering the Bate at which the Crown may exercise its Bight of Pre-emption of Ore in which there is Lead. The Crown Preemption of Lead Ore Act, 1815.

55 Geo. 3* c. 137. An Act to prevent Poor Persons in Workhouses from embezzling certain Property provided for their Use; ..... and for other Purposes therein mentioned relating to the Poor. The Poor Belief Act, 1815.

55 Geo. 3. c. 143. - An Act to amend the Acts relating to the building and repairing of County Bridges. The Bridges Act, 1815.

55 Geo. 3. c. 147. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for enabling Spiritual Persons, " and ends with the words "and for other Purposes.*' The Glebe Exchange Act, 1815.

55 Geo. 3. c. 157. - An Act for the better Examination of Witnesses in the Courts of Equity in Ireland, and for empowering the Courts of Law and Equity in Ireland to grant Commissions for taking Affidavits in all parts of Great Britain. The Evidence (Ireland) Act, 1815. i

55 Geo. 3. c. 184 An Act for repealing the Stamp Duties on Deeds, Law Proceedings, and other written or printed instruments, and the Duties on Fire Insurances and on Legacies and Successions to Personal Estate upon Intestacies now payable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof. The Stamp Act, 1815.

55 Geo. 3. c. 194. An Act for better regulating the Practice of Apothecaries throughout England and Wales. The Apothecaries Act, 1815.

56 Geo. 3. c. 39. An Act to reduce the Number of Days of Muster or Exercise of Yeomanry . The Yeomanry (Training) Act, 1816.

56 Geo. 3. c. 46. An Act for the better Regulation of the Civil List. The Civil List Audit Act, 1816.

56 Geo. 3. c. 50. An Act to regulate the Sale of Farming Stock taken in Execution. Dig The Sale of Farming Stock Act, 1816. by GoO^IC

1896.

Short Titles , 1896.

Qm 14. 65

Session and Chapter.

Title.

[Short Title.]

56 Geo. 3. c. 52.

56 Geo. 3. c. 55.

56 Geo. 3. c, 56.

56 Geo. 3. c. 87.

56 Geo. 3. c. 96.

56 Geo. 3. c. 98.

56 Geo. 8. c. 100. 56 Geo. 3. c. 120.

56 Geo. 3. c. 125.

56 Geo. 3. c. 129.

- | An Act to amend and render more

j effectual an Act passed in the

I last Session of Parliament, for

I enabling Spiritual Persons to

j exchange their Parsonage Mouses

j or Glebe Lands, and for other

Purposes therein mentioned.

I

-, An Act the title of which begins

with the words "An Act to amend an Act," and ends with the words "Inland Navigation in Ireland."

- An Act the title of which begins

with the words "An Act to repeal, " and ends with the words "managing the said Duties."

- An Act to regulate Proceedings of

Grand Juries in Ireland upon Bills of Indictment.

- An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for advancing the Sum of Three Millions for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

- An Act to unite and consolidate

into One Fund all the Public Revenues of Great Britain and Ireland, and to provide for the Application thereof to the General Services of the United Kingdom.

- An Act for more effectually securing

the Liberty of the Subject.

- An Act to procure Annual Returns

of Persons committed, tried, and convicted for Criminal Offences and Misdemeanors in Ireland.

- An Act the title of which begins

with the words "An Act for the more effectual, " and ends with the words "for the Injury sustained."

- An Act to repeal certain Provisions

in Local Acts for the Maintenance and Management of the Poor.

The Glebe Exchange. Act, 1816.

The Canals (Ireland) Act, 1816.

The Probate Duty (Ireland) Act, 1816.

The Grand Jury (Ireland) Act, 1816.

The Bank of England (Advance) Act, 1816.

The Consolidated Fund Act, 1816.

The Habeas Corpus Act, 1816.

The Prisoners Returns (Ireland) Act, 1816.

The Malicious Damage (Scotland) Act, 1816.

The Workhouse Act, 1816.

66 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

Session and Chapter.

Title.

66 Geo. 8. c. 188.

56 Geo. 3. c. 189. 56 Geo. 3. c. 141.

57 Geo. 3. c. 6.

57 Geo. 8. c. 19.

57 Geo. 3. c. 25.

57 Geo. 3. c. 41.

57 Geo. 3. c. 44.

57 Geo. 3. c. 62.

67 Geo. 3. c. 53.

* An Act to abolish the Punishment

of the Pillory, except in certain Cases.

An Act to regulate the binding of Parish Apprentices.

An Act for enabling Ecclesiastical Corporate Bodies under certain Circumstances to alienate Lands for enlarging Cemeteries or Churchyards.

- An Act to make perpetual certain

Parts of an Act of the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person.

against Treasonable and Seditious Practices and Attempts.

An Act for the more effectually preventing Seditious Meetings and Assemblies.

~ An Act the title of which begins with the words ‘‘An Act to explain, " and ends with the words "charged by the said Act."

- An Act to repeal two Acts passed in the Fifty-fourth and Fifty-! fifth Years of his present Majesty

relating to the Office of the Agent; General, and for transferring the Duties of the said Office to the Offices of the Paymaster General and Secretary at War.

- An Act to allow Corps of Yeomanry

. when assembled for the

Suppression of Riots or Tumnlta, to be quartered and billetted.

and to exempt Members in such Corps from serving the Office of Constable.

- An Act to alter an Act passed in

tho Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the Second for the more effectual securing the Payment of Rents, and preventing Frauds by tenants.

An Act for tho more effectual

Punishment of Murders and Manslaughters committed in Places not within His Majesty's Dominions.

8bort Tide.

The Pillory Abolition Act, 1816.

The Parish Apprentices Act, 1816.

The Burial Ground Act, 1816.

The Treason Act, 1817.

The Seditious Meetings Act, 1817.

The House Tax Act, 1817.

The Paymaster General Act, 1817.

The Yeomanry Act, 1817.

The Deserted Tenements Act, 1817.

The Murders Abroad Act, 1817.

1806.

Short Titles Act, 1896,

Ch. 14. 67

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

57 Geo. 3. c. 56. - An Act to amend the Laws in respect to forfeited Recognizances in Ireland. The Recognisances (Ireland) Act, 1817.

57 Geo. 3. c. 62. An Act to abolish certain Offices and to regnlate certain other Offices in Ireland. The Public Offices (Ireland) Act, 1817.

57 Geo. 3. c. 64. An Act to abolish certain Offices and regulate others in Scotland. The Public Offices (Scotland) Act, 1817.

57 Geo. 3. c. 68. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Sheriffs in Ireland. The Sheriffs (Ireland) Act, 1817.

57 Geo. 3. c. 70. An Act to relieve Persons impugning the doctrine of the Holy Trinity from certain Penalties in Ireland. The Dissenters (Ireland). Act, 1817.

57 Geo. 3, c, 87. An Act to amend two Acts passed in the forty-fifth year of his present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, for the making more effectual provision for the Prevention of Smuggling. The Excise Drawback Act, 1817.

57 Geo. 3. c. 91. An Act to enable Justices of the Peace to settle the Fees to be taken by the Clerks of the Peace of the respective Counties and other Divisions of England and Wales. The Clerks of the Peace (Fees) Act, 1817.

57 Geo. 3. c. 93. An Act to regulate the Costs of Distresses levied for Payment of Small Rents. The Distress (Costs) Act, 1817.

57 Geo. 3. c. 100. - An Act to renew the Powers of exonerating Small Livings and Charitable Institutions from the Land Tax, and for making further Provision for the Redemption of the Land Tax. The Land Tax Redemption Act, 1817.

57 Geo. 3. c. 108. An Act for the Regulation of levying Tolls at Fairs, Markets, and Ports in Ireland. The Tolls (Ireland) Act, 1817.

57 Geo. 3. c. 117. An Act to regulate the issuing of Extents in Aid. The Extents in Aid Act, 1817.

58 Geo. 3. c. 28. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to repeal, " and ends with the words "other Provisions in lieu thereof." The Spirits (Strength Ascertainment) Act, 1818.

G8 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

58 Geo. 3. c. 29. An Act for regulating the Payment of Fees for Pardons under the Great Seal. The Fees for Pardona Act, 1818.

58 Geo. 3. c. 30. p An Act for preventing frivolous and . vexatious Actions of Assault and Battery, and for slanderous Words in Courts. The Costs Act, 1818.

58 Geo. 3. c. 31. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty-third Year of His Majesty's Reign to make further Regulations for the building and repairing of Court Houses and Sessions Houses in Ireland. The Court Houses (Ireland) Act, 1818.

58 Geo. 3. c. 45. An Act for building and promoting the building of additional Churches in populous Parishes. The Church Building Act, 1818.

58 Geo. 3. c. 47. An Act to establish Fever Hospitals, and to make other Regulations for Relief of the Suffering Poor, and for preventing the increase of Infectious Fevers in Ireland. The Hospitals (Ireland) Act, 1818.

58 Geo. 3. c. 57. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty-fifth year of His present Majesty for granting Duties of Excise in Ireland upon certain Licences, and for securing the Payment of such Duties and the regulating the issuing of such licences. The Licensed Grocers (Ireland) Act, 1818.

58 Geo. 3. c. 66. An Act to empower any Three or more of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to exercise all the Powers and Authorities given to the said Commissioners by any Act or Acts of Parliament. The National Debt Commissioners Act, 1818.

58 Geo. 3. c. 69. An Act for the Regulation of Parish Vestries. The Vestries Act, 1818.

58 Geo. 3. c. 70. An Act for facilitating the Means of prosecuting Persons accused of Felony and other Offences. The Disorderly Houses Act, 1818.

58 Geo. 3. c. 81. An Act for extending to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland certain Provisions of the Parliament of Great Britain in relation to executors under the Age of Twenty-one Years . The Infant Executors (Ireland) Act, 1818.

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 69

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

59 Geo. 3. c. 7. An Act to regulate the Cutlery Trade in England. The Cutlery Trade Act, 1819.

59 Geo. 3. c. 12. An Act to amend the Laws for the Relief of the Poor. The Poor Relief Act, 1819.

59 Geo. 3. c. 25. An Act to enable His Majesty to fix the Rate and direct the Disposal of Freight Money for the Conveyance of Specie and Jewels on board His Majesty's Ships and Vessels. The Freight for Treasure Act, 1819.

59 Geo. 3. c. 27. An 'Act to facilitate the Trial of Felonies committed on board Vessels employed on Canals, Navigable Rivers, and Inland Navigations. The Felony Act, 1819.

59 Geo. 3. c. 35. An Act the title of which begins with the words, "An Act to amend an Act" and ends with the words "Trial by Jury to Civil Causes." The Jury Trials (Scotland) Act, 1819.

59 Geo. 3. c. 38. An Act the title whereof begins with the words "An Act to enable His Majesty" and ends with the words "United States of America." The North American Fisheries Act, 1819.

59 Geo. 3. c. 45. An Act to explain and amend certain Acts relative to the Court of Session in Scotland. The Court of Session Act, 1819.

59 Geo. 3. c. 60. An Act to permit the Archbishops of Canterbury and York and the Bishop of London for the Time being to admit Persons into Holy Orders specially for the Colonies. The Ordinations for Colonies Act, 1819.

59 Geo. 3. c. 76. An Act to establish further Regulations respecting Advances by the Bank of England for the Public Service, and the Purchase of Government Securities by the said Bank. The Bank of England Act, 1819.

59 Geo. 3. c. 84. An Act to amend the Laws for making, repairing, and improving the Roads and other Public Works in Ireland by Grand Jury Presentments ..... The Einsale Act, 1819.

59 Geo. 3. c. 85. An Act to amend and correct an Act of the last Session of Parliament for the Regulation of Parish Vestries in England. The Vestries Act, 1819.

70 Ch. 14.

Short Titles, 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

69 Geo. 3. c. 92. An Act to enable Justices of the Peace in Ireland to act as each in certain Cases ont of the Limits of the Counties in which they actually are ..... The Conveyance, of Offenders (Ireland) Act, 1819.

59 Geo. 3. c. 94. An Act to explain and amend Two Acts passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth and Forty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, concerning the Disposition of certain Beal and Personal Property of His Majesty . The Crown . Land Act, 1819.

59 Geo. 3. c. 95. An Act for confirming ancient Separations of Towns Corporate from Parishes, in regard to the Maintenance of the Poor. The Poor Relief (No. 2) Act, 1819.

59 Geo. 3. c. 134. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for building and promoting the building of additional Churches in populous Parishes. The Church Building Act, 1819.

60 Geo. 3. & 1 Geo. 4. c. 1. An Act to prevent the training of Persons to the Use of Anns, and to the Practice of Military Evolutions and Exorcise. The Unlawful Drilling Act, 1819.

60 Geo. 3. & 1 Geo. 4. c. 4. An Act to prevent Delay in the Administration of Justice in Cases of Misdemeanor. The Pleading in Misdemeanor Act, 1819.

60 Geo. 3. & 1 Geo. 4. c. 8. An Act for the more effectual Prevention and Punishment of blasphemous and seditious libels. The Criminal Libel Act, 1819.

60 Geo. 3. & 1 Geo. 4. c. 11. An Act for the better Regulation of Polls, and for making further Provision touching the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Ireland. The Parliamentary Elections (Ireland) Act, 1820.

1 Geo. 4. c. 4. - An Act for punishing criminally Drivers of Stage Coaches and Carriages for Accidents occasioned by their wilful Misconduct. The Stage Coaches (Scotland) Act, 1820.

1 Geo. 4. c. 5. An Act to enable Courts of Equity in Ireland to Compel a Transfer of Stock in Suits, without making the ..... Bank of Ireland, or any Canal Company, Party thereto. The Transfer of Stock (Ireland) Act, 1820.

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896.

Ca 14. 71

1 Geo. 4. c. 6.

1 Geo. 4. c. 36.

1 Geo. 4. c. 57.

1 Geo. 4. c. 68.

1 Geo. 4. c. 90.

1 Geo. 4. c. 92.

1 Geo. 4. c. 100.

1 Geo. 4. c. 101.

1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 23.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, for enabling Spiritual Persons to exchange their Parsonage Houses or Glebe Lands, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for allowing Appeals from Towns Corporate and Franchises in Certain Cases to the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the Counties in which they are situate.

An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Fifty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled " An Act to abolish the Punishment " of public Whipping on Female " Offenders, " and to make further provisions in lieu thereof.

An Act for the better Administration of Justice in the Court of Exchequer Chamber in Ireland.

An Act to remove Doubts and to remedy Defects in the Law with respect to certain Offences committed upon the Sea, or within the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty.

An Act for the further Prevention of forging and counterfeiting of Bank Notes.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for amending/' and ends with the words "Militia of the City of London."

An Act to enable the Examination of Witnesses to be taken in India in support of Bills of Divorce on account of Adultery committed in India.

An Act to amend the Law respecting the inclosing of Open Fields, Pastures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands in England.

The Glebe Exchange Act, 1820.

The Poor Law (Appeals) Act, 1820.

The Whipping Act, 1820.

The Exchequer

Chamber (Ireland) Act, 1820.

The Offences at Sea Act, 1820.

The Bank Notes Forgery (Scotland) Act, 1820.

The Militia (City of London) Act, 1820.

The Divorce Bills Evidence Act, 1820.

The Inclosure Ad, 1821.

72 Ch. 14.

Short Titles, 1896.

59 & 60 VICT.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 24. - An Act to extend certain Provisions of an Act of King William the Third, intituled " An Act for regulating of Trials in Cases of Treason and Misprision of Treason, " to that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland. The Treason (Ireland) Act, 1821.

1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 28. - An Act for abolishing the African Company, and transferring to and vesting in His Majesty all the Forts, Possessions, and Property now belonging to or held by them. The West Africa Act, 1821.

1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 33. - An Act to make more effectual Provision for the Establishment of Asylums for the Lunatic Poor, and for the Custody of Insane Persons charged with Offences in Ireland. The Lunacy (Ireland) Act, 1821.

1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 36. - An Act for the better Regulation of the Public Notaries in Ireland. The Public Notaries (Ireland) Act, 1821.

1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 38. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for " establishing Regulations, " and ends with the words "and other " officers of the said Courts." The Court of Session Act, 1821.

1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 41. An Act for giving greater Facility in the Prosecution and Abatement of Nuisances arising from Furnaces used and in the working of Steam Engines. The Steam Engine Furnaces Act, 1821.

1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 44. - An Act to exclude Persons holding certain Judicial Offices in Ireland from being Members of the House of Commons. The House of Commons Disqualifications Act, 1821.

1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 53. - An Act to regulate the Proceedings in the Civil Side of the Court of King's Bench, and also in the Court of Common Pleas, and in the Pleas or Common Law Side of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland. The Common Law Procedure (Ireland) Act, 1821.

1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 54. An Act to regulate the Office of Clerk of Assize or Nisi Prius, or Judge's Registrar, in Ireland. The Clerk of Assize (Ireland) Act, 1821.

1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 58. - An Act to regulate the Expences of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Ireland. The Parliamentary Elections (Ireland) Dig4G$^@QO<

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 73

Session end Chapter.

[Short Title.]

1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 66.

1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 72.

1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 76.

An Act for regulating the Fur Trade and establishing a Criminal and Civil Jurisdiction within certain Parts of North America.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to establish, " and ends with the words "to Three Millions."

An Act to continue and amend certain Acts for preventing the various Frauds and Depredations committed on Merchants, Shipowners, and Underwriters, by Boatmen and others, within the Jurisdiction of the Cinque Ports.

The British North America Act, 1821.

The Bank of Ireland Act, 1821.

The Cinque Ports Act, 1821.

1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 77.

An Act to abolish the payment, by Prisoners in Ireland, of Gaol Fees, and all other Fees relating to the Commitment, Continuance, Trial, or Discharge of such Prisoners, and to prevent Abuses by Gaolers, Bailiffs, and other Officers.

The Gaol Fees Abolition (Ireland) Act, 1821.

1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 79.

\ & 2 Geo. 4. c. 88.

- An Act to repeal certain Bounties granted for the Encouragement of the Deep Sea British White Herring Fishery, and to make further Regulations relating to the said Fishery.

The White Herring Fishery (Scotland) Act, 1821.

* An Act for the Amendment of the Law of Rescue.

The Rescue Act, 1821.

I A 2 Geo. 4. c. 112.

An Act to grant for the Term of Five Years, additional Stamp Duties on certain Proceedings in the Courts of Law .....

The Stamp Duties in Law Proceedings (Ireland) Act, 1821.

1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 121.

An Act to . amend an Act The Commissariat Ac-

passed in the Fifty-fourth Year counts Act, 1821. of His late Majesty, for the effectual Examination of the Accounts of certain Colonial Revenues.

3 Geo. 4. c. 10.

- An Act to enable in certain Cases the Opening and Reading of Commissions under which the Judges sit upon the Circuits after the Day appointed for holding Assizes.

The Assize Commission Act, 1822.

74 CH. 14.

Short Titles, 1896.

59 & 60 .VICT.

Session and Chapter. Title. Abort Title.

8 Geo. 4. c. 83. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for " altering and amending several " Acts, " and ends with the words "unlawful and malicious Offenders." The Riotous Assemblies (Scotland) Act, 1822.

3 Geo. 4. c. 39. An Act for preventing Frauds upon Creditors by secret Warrants of Attorney to confess Judgment. The Warrants of Attorney Act, 1822.

3 Geo. 4. c. 46. An Act for the more speedy Return and Levying of Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and Recognizances estreated. The Levy of Fines Act, 1822.

3 Geo. 4. c. 49. ! An Act concerning the Residence of Sheriffs Depute of the Counties of Edinburgh and Lanark. The Sheriffs of Edinburgh and Lanark Act, 1822.

3 Geo. 4. c. 52. ' An Act for better preventing private Distillation in Scotland. The Illicit Distillation (Scotland) Act, 1822.

3 Geo. 4. c. 63. An Act to authorize the Sale of Quit Rents and other Rents, .:the Property of His Majesty in Right of the Crown in Ireland. The Crown Lands (Ireland) Act, 1822.

3 Geo. 4. c. 72. i An Act to amend and render more effectual Two Acts passed in the Fifty-eighth and Fifty-ninth years of His late Majesty for building and promoting the building of additional Churches in Populous Parishes. The Church Building Act, 1822.

3 Geo. 4. c. 79. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty-third year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for the Appointment of Commissioners for the Regulation of the several endowed Schools in Ireland. The Endowed Schools (Ireland) Act, 1822.

3 Geo. 4. c. 91. An Act for regulating the Mode of accounting for the Common Good and Revenues of the Royal Burghs of Scotland. The Royal Burghs (Scotland) Act, 1822.

3 Geo. 4. c. 114. An Act to provide for the more effectual Punishment of certain Offences by Imprisonment with Hard Labour. The Hard Labour Act, 1822.

* 1896,

Short Titles, 1896. Ch. 14. 75

Session and Chapter.

3 Geo. 4. c. 126.

4 Geo. 4. c. 7.

4 Geo. 4. c. 18.

4 Geo. 4. c. 19.

4 Geo. 4. c. 33.

Title.

An Act for the more convenient and effectual registering in Ireland Deeds executed in Great Britain.

Short Tide.

The Registry of Deeds (Ireland) Act, 1822.

An Act to regulate the Trade of:The British North the Provinces of Lower and J America (Trade Upper Canada, and for other and Lands) Act, purposes relating to the said 1822.

Provinces.

An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England.

An Act to regulate the Appointment . of the Chancellor of the

Exchequer of Ireland.

An Act concerning the Disposition of certain Property of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors.

An Act for further regulating the Reduction of the National Debt.

An Act to make more effectual Regulations for the Election, and to secure the Performance of the Duties of County Treasurers in Ireland.

The Turnpike Roads Act, 1822.

The Chancellor of the Exchequer (Ireland) Act, 1823.

The Crown Lands Act, 1823.

The National Debt Reduction Act, 1823.

The County Treasurers (Ireland) Act, 1823.

4 Geo. 4. c. 35.

4 Geo. 4. c. 36.

- An Act to enable Trustees or Commissioners under Acts of Parliament to meet and carry such Acts into Execution, although they may not have met according to the Directions of such Acts.

- An Act to discourage the granting

of Leases in Joint Tenancy in Ireland.

The Statutory Commissioners Act, 1823.

The Joint Tenancy (Deland) Act, 1823.

4 Geo. 4. c. 37.

4 Geo. 4. c. 48.

- An Act to amend an Act for the more speedy Return and Levying i of Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and Recognizances estreated.

The Lew of Fines Act, 1823.

An Act for enabling Courts to abstain from pronouncing Sentence of Death in certain Capital Felonies.

The Judgment of Death Act, 1823.

76 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

4 Geo. 4. c. 55. An Act to consolidate and amend the several Acts now in force so far as the same relate to the Election and Return of Members to serve in Parliament for Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns in Ireland. The Parliamentary Elections (Ireland) Act, 1823.

4 Geo. 4. c. 60. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries. The Lotteries Act, 1823.

4 Geo. 4. c. 61. An Act for the better Administration of Justice in the Court of Chancery in Ireland. The Court of Chancery (Ireland) Act, 1823.

4 Geo. 4. c. 71. An Act ... for establishing the Pensions of the Bishop, Archdeacon s, and Judges; for regulating Ordinations; and for establishing a Court of Judicature at Bombay. The Indian Bishops and Courts Act, 1823.

4 Geo. 4. c. 76. An Act for amending the Laws respecting the Solemnization of Marriages in England. The Marriage Act, 1823.

4 Geo. 4. c. 80. An Act to consolidate and amend the several Laws now in force with respect to Trade from and to Places within the Limits of the Charter of the East India Company, and to make further Provisions with respect to such Trade . The Lascars Act, 1823.

4 Geo. 4. c. 87. An Act to amend and render more effectual the Provisions of an Act made in the Fiftieth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, for preventing the administering and taking unlawful Oaths in Ireland. The Unlawful Oaths (Ireland) Act, 1823.

4 Geo. 4. c. 89. An Act to limit and regulate the Expence of certain Proceedings in the Courts of Justice in Ireland in the Particulars therein mentioned. The Law Costs (Ireland) Act, 1823.

4 Geo. 4. c. 97. An Act for the Regulation of the Court of the Commissaries of Edinburgh; and for altering and regulating the Jurisdiction of Inferior Commissaries in Scotland The Commissary Coorts (Sootland) Act, l 823.

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. Tt

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

I 4 Geo. 4. c. 98. An Act for the better granting of confirmations in Scotland. The Confirmation of Execu tors (Scotland) Act, 1823.

5 Geo. 4. c. 12. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to facilitate, " and ends with the words *in England and Wales." The Gaol Sessions Act, 1824.

5 Geo. 4. c. 25. i An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King William the Third as relates to Burials in suppressed Monasteries, Abbeys, or Convents in Ireland . The Burial (Ireland) Act, 1824.

5 Geo. 4. c. 82. An Act to amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament intituled An Act for amending " the Laws respecting the Solem- nization of Marriages in Eng- laud." The Marriage Act, 1824.

5 Geo. 4. c. 64. - An Act to amend the several Acts for the Encouragement and Improvement of the British and Irish Fisheries. The Fisheries Act, 1824.

5 Geo. 4. c. 67. An Act for the better Administration of Justice in Newfoundland; and for other Purposes. The Newfoundland Act, 1824.

5 Geo. 4. c. 72. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act for augmenting Parochial Stipends in certain cases in Scotland. The Teinds Act, 1824,

5 Geo. 4. c. 74. An Act for ascertaining and establishing Uniformity of Weights and Measures. The Weights and Measures Act, 1824.

5 Geo. 4. c. 78. An Act to amend an Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty for enabling His Majesty to lease Lands belonging to the Duchy of Cornwall . The Duchy of Cornwall Act, 1824.

5 Geo. 4. c. 82. An Act for better regulating the Office of Clerk of the Parliaments. The Clerk of Parliaments Act, 1824.

5 Geo. 4. c. 83. I J An Act for the Punishment of idle and disorderly Persons, and Hogue 8 and Vagabonds, in that Part of Great Britain called England. G The Vagrancy Act, 1824. CjOIc

78 Ch. 14.

Short Titles, 1896.

59 & 60 Vic.

j

Session and Chapter. j Title.

[Short Title.]

5 Geo. 4. c. 84.

An Act for the Transportation Offenders from Great Britain.

of

5 Geo. 4. c. 87.

* 5 Geo. 4. c. 96.

- An Act to authorise the Proprietors

of Entailed Estates in Scotland to grant Provisions to the Wives or Husbands and Children of such Proprietors.

- An Act to consolidate and amend

the Laws relative to the Arbitration of Disputes between Masters and Workmen.

-5 Geo. 4. c. 102.

5 Geo. 4. c. 103.

5 Geo. 4. c. 111.

An Act the title of which begins with the words " An Act to amend, " and ends with the words "District of Dublin Metropolis."

- An Act to make further provision,

and to amend and render more effectual three Acts passed in the fifty-eighth and fifty-ninth years of His late Majesty, and in the third year of His present Majesty for building and promoting the building of additional churches in populous parishes.

- An Act the title of which begins

with the words "An Act to amend, " and ends with the words "of Justice within the same."

6 Geo. 4. c. 113.

- An Act to amend and consolidate the Laws relating to the Abolition of the Slave Trade.

The Transportation Act, 1824.

The Entail Provisions Act, 1824.

The Masters and Workmen Arbitration Act, 1824.

The Dublin Justices J Act, 1824.

The Church Building Act, 1824.

The Crown Debts Act, 1824.

The Slave Trade Act, 1824.

C Geo. 4. c. 7.

<3 Geo. 4. c. 8.

6 Geo. 4, c. 9.

- An Act for the further Repeal of certain Duties of Assessed Taxes, and for granting Relief in the Cases therein mentioned.

The House Tax Act, 1825.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for enabling Spiritual Persons to exchange their Parsonage Houses or Glebe Lands; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

- An Act for continuing to His Majesty for One Year certain Duties j on . Offices and Pensions

in England .,

The Glebe Exchange Act, 1825.

, The Duties on Offices Act, 1825.

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 79

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

<> Geo. 4. c. 17. - An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the Fifty-ninth Year of His late Majesty, concerning the Disposition of certain Heal and Personal Property of His Majesty . The Crown Lands j Act, 1825.

6 Geo. 4. c. 22. An Act to regulate the Qualification and the Manner of enrolling Jurors in Scotland, and of choosing Jurors on Criminal Trials there; and to unite Counties for the purposes of Trial in Cases of High Treason in Scotland. j The Jurors (Scotland) Act, 1825.

6 Geo. 4. c. 23. An Act for the better Regulation of the Sheriff and Burgh Courts of Scotland. The Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1825.

6 Geo. 4. c. 42. - An Act for the better Regulation of Copartnerships of certain Bankers in Ireland. The Bankers (Ireland) Act, 1825.

6 Geo. 4. c. 47. - An Act for restricting the Punishment of Leasing-makings Sedition, and Blasphemy in Scotland. The Leasing-making (Scotland) Act, 1825.

6 Geo. 4. c.-48. An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of King George the Third, for the Recovery of Small Debts in Scotland. The Justices of the Peace Small Debt (Scotland) Act, 1825.

6 Geo. 4. c. 50. An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws relative to Jurors and Juries. The Juries Act, 1825.

6 Geo. 4. c. 51. - An Act for the Amendment of the J Laws with respect to Special | Juries, and to Trials in Counties | of Cities and Towns, and Towns ! Corporate, in Ireland. j The Assizes (Ireland) Act, 1825.

6 Geo. 4. c. 57. An Act for the Amendment of the 1 Law respecting the Settlement of the Poor, as far as regards renting Tenements and paying Parochial Taxes. The Poor Relief (Settlement) Act, 1825.

6 Geo. 4. c. 59. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to provide, " and ends with the words "relating to the said Province." The British North America (Seigniorial Rights) Act, 1825.

6 Geo. 4. c. 62. - An Act to amend an Act of the Scottish Parliament, relative to the Aliment of Poor Prisoners. G 2 The Poor Prisoners (Scotland) Act, 1825.

Short Titles Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

80 Ch. 14.

Session and Chapter.

Title.

6 Geo. 4. c. 66.

- An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for explaining," and ends with the words "Offences committed in Scotland."

6 Geo. 4. c. 69.

An Act for punishing Offences committed by Transports kept to labour in the Colonies .....

6 Geo. 4. c. 78.

An Act to repeal the several Laws relating to the Performance of Quarantine, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

6 Geo. 4. c. 81.

6 Geo. 4. c. 82.

An Act to repeal Several Duties payable on Excise Licences in Great Britain and Ireland and to impose other Duties in lieu thereof, and to amend the Laws for granting Excise Licences.

- An Act ... to grant an additional Annuity to the Lord Chief Justice on Resignation of his Office.

6 Geo. 4. c. 84.

An Act the title of which begins with the words " An Act to provide, " and ends with the words " of their respective Officer."

6 Geo. 4. c. 85.

An Act for further regulating the Payment of the Salaries and Pensions to the Judges of His Majesty's Courts in India and the Bishop of Calcutta.

6 Geo. 4. c. 86.

An Act to provide for the Erection of certain Courts and Offices of Justice in Scotland.

[Short Title.]

The Trial of Peers (Scotland) Act, 1825.

The Transportation Act, 1825.

The Quarantine Act, 1825.

The Excise Licences Act, 1825.

The Chief Justice's Pension Act, 1825.

The Judges' Pensions Act, 1825.

The Indian Salaries and Pensions Act, 1825.

The Courts of Justice (Scotland) Act, 1825.

<i Geo. 4.*c. 87.

6 Geo. 4. c. 92.

0 Geo. 4. c, 97.

An Act to regulate the Payment of The Consular Advances Salaries and Allowances to British Act, 1825.

Consuls at Foreign Ports, and the Disbursements at such Ports for certain public Purposes.

- An Act to render valid Marriages The Marriages Con-solemnized in certain Churches firmation Act, 1825. and Public Chapels in which Banns have not usually been published.

- j An Act for the better Preservation I of the Peace and good Order in I the Universities of England.

The Universities Act, 1825.

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 81

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

C Geo. 4. c. 120. An Act for the better regulating of the Forms of Process in the Courts of Law in Scotland. The Court of Session Act, 1825.

7 Geo. 4. c. 6. An Act ... to prohibit the issuing of Promissory Notes under a limited sum in England. The Bank Notes Act, 1826.

7 Geo. 4. c. 8. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend, " and ends with the words "Qualification of Special Jurors." The Juries (Scotland) Act, 1826.

7 Geo. 4. c. 9. An Act to provide for the more effectual Punishment of certain Offences in Ireland, by Imprisonment with Hard Labour. The Hard Labour (Ireland) Act, 1826.

7 Geo. 4. c. 14. An Act for the further Amendment of an Act of the First and Second Years of His present Majesty, for the Establishment of Asylums for the Lunatic Poor in Ireland. The Lunacy (Ireland) Act, 1826.

7 Geo. 4. c. 16. An Act to consolidate and amend several Acts relating to the Royal Hospitals for Soldiers at Chelsea and Kilmainh&m. The Chelsea and Kilmainham Hospitals Act, 1826.

7 Geo. 4. c. 21. An Act for the better regulating Proceedings on Writs of Mandamus in Ireland. The Mandamus (Ireland) Act, 1826.

7 Geo. 4. c. 32. An Act to amend an Act for suppressing or regulating certain . Offices therein mentioned, so far as relates to the Board of Trade. The Board of Trade (President) Act, 1826.

7 Geo. 4. c. 38. An Act to enable Commissioners for trying Offences upon the Sea, and Justices of the Peace, to take Examinations touching such Offences, and to commit to safe Custody Persons charged therewith. The Admiralty Offences Act, 1826.

7 Geo. 4. c. 46. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the better regulating Copartnerships, " and ends with the words "as relates to the same." The Country Bankers Act, 1826.

7 Geo. 4. c. 66. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to suspend, " and ends with the words "while absent from India." The East India Officers* Act, 1826.

82 Ch. 14.

Short Title« Act, 1 896.

59 & 60 VICT.

Session and Chapter.

7 Geo. 4. c. 58.

7 Geo. 4. c. 61.

7 Geo. 4. c. 63.

7 Geo. 4. c. 64. 7 Geo. 4. c. 66.

7 Geo. 4. c. 67.

7 Geo. 4. c. 74.

7 & 8 Geo. "4. c. 17.

7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 20. 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 28.

7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 53.

Title.

! An Act to amend the Laws relating 1 to Corps of Yeomanry Cavalry | ... in Great Britain.

1. An Act for the more effectual Administration of Justice in | Cities, Towns Corporate, and

' other local Jurisdictions in

i Ireland.

An Act to provide for repairing, improving, nnd rebuilding Shire i Halls, County Halls, and other Buildings for holding the Assizes and Grand Sessions, and also 1 Judges' Lodgings, throughout

' England and Wales, i

An Act for improving the Adminis-I tration of Criminal Justice in; England.

An Act to render more effectual the | several Acts now in force to

promote the Residence of the J Parochial Clergy, by making

Provision for purchasing Houses and other necessary Buildings for | the Use of their Benefices.

I An Act to regulate the mode in | which certain Societies or Co-

partnerships for Banking in Scotland may sue and be sued.

1. An Act for Consolidating and 1 Amending the Laws relating to

Prisons in Ireland.

' An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the Fifty-seventh Year of King George the Third, for regulating the Costs of | certain Distresses.

An Act to i-egnlate the Prosecution of fraudulent Bankrupts in Scotland.

An Act for further improving the Administration of Justice in Criminal Cases in England.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Collection nnd Management of the Revenue of Excise throughout Great Britain and Ireland.

[Short Title.]

The Yeomanry Act, 1826.

The Justices (Ireland) Act, 1826.

The County Buildings Act, 1826.

The Criminal Law Act, 1826.

The Clergy Residence Act, 1826.

The Bankers (Scotland) Act, 1826.

The Prisons (Ireland) Act, 1826.

The Distress (Costs) Act, 1827.

The Fraudulent Bankrupts (Scotland) Act, 1827.

The Criminal Law Act, 1827.

The Excise Management Act, 1827.

1896. Short Titles Act, 180C.

Ch. 14. 83

Session S&d Chapter.

7 A 8 Gea &c. 61.

Title.

An Act to amend the Laws 4or the Regulation of the Butter Trade in Ireland.

7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 05. - ! An Act to explain and remove | Donbts touching the Admiralty.

7 A 8 G jo. 4. c. 71.

7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 72.

An Act to prevent Arrests upon i Mesne Process, where the Debt (or Cause of Action is under j Twenty Pounds; and to regulate 1 the Practice of Arrests.

i An Act to amend the Acta for i building and promoting the building of additional Churches in populous Parishes.

[Short Title.]

The Batter Trade (Ireland) Act, 1R27.

The Admiralty Act* 1827.

The Imprisonment for Debt Act, 1827.

The Church Building: Act, 1827.

7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 75.

9 Geo. 4. c. 14.

9 Geo. 4. c. 23.

9 Geo. 4. c. 24.

9 Geo. 4. c. 25.

9 Geo. 4. c. 29.

An Act to appoint Commissioners for carrying into Execution i several Acts granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to j be raised in Great Britain, and continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Offices and

1 Pensions in England.

An Act for rendering a written Memorandum necessary to the Validity of certain Promises and Engagements.

' An Act to enable Bankers in England to issue certain unstamped Promissory Notes and j Bills of Exchange, upon Payment i of a Composition in lien of the i Stamp Duties thereon.

An Act ... to consolidate and ! amend the Laws relating to Bills i of Exchange and Promissory Notes in Ireland.

, An Act to authorise the Appointment of Persons to act as Solicitors on behalf of His Majesty in any Coort or Jurisdiction in Revenue Matters.

An Act to authorise additional i Circuit Courts of Justiciary to be I held, and to facilitate Criminal ! Trials, in Scotland.

The Land Tax Commissioners Act, 1827.

The Statute of Frauds Amendment Act, 1828.

The Bank Notes Act, 1828.

The Bills of Exchange- (Ireland) Act, 1828.

The Revenue Solicitors* Act, 1828.

The Circuit Courts (Scotland) Act,

i 1828.

C

84 Ch. 14.

Short Titles, 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

9 Geo. 4. c. 82. An Act for amending the Law of Evidence in certain Gases. The Civil Rights . of Convicts Act, 1828.

9 Geo. 4. c. 37. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend, " and ends with the words "and Lieutenant of Dover Castle." The Cinque Ports Act, 1828.

9 Geo. 4. c. 38. An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Land Tax Commissioners, and for appointing additional Commissioners, and indemnifying such Persons as have acted without due Authority in execution of the Acts therein recited. The Land Tax Commissioners* Act, 1828.

9 Geo. 4. c. 39. An Act for the Preservation of the Salmon Fisheries in Scotland. The Salmon Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1828.

9 Geo. 4. c. 43. An Act for the better Regulation of Divisions in the several Counties of England and Wales. The Division of Counties Act, 1828.

9 Geo. 4. c. 44. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to provide, " and ends with the words "on any of such Commodities." The Excise Act, 1828.

9 Geo. 4. c. 47. An Act for regulating the Retail of exciseable Articles and Commodities to Passengers on board of Passage Vessels from one part to another of the United Kingdom. The Passage Vessel Licences Act, 1828.

9 Geo. 4. c. 54. An Act for improving the Administration of Justice in Criminal Cases in Ireland. The Criminal Law (Ireland) Act, 1828.

9 Geo. 4. c. 58. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to regulate the granting, " and ends with the words "without such certificate." The Licensing (Scotland) Act, 1828.

9 Geo. 4. c. 61. An Act to regulate the granting of Licences to Keepers of Inns, Alehouses, and Victualling Houses in England. The Alehouse Act, 1828.

9 Geo. 4. c. 65. An Act to restrain the Negotiation . in England of Promissory Notes and Bills under a limited Sum issued in Scotland or Ireland. The Bank Notes (No. 2) Act, 1828.

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896.

: Ch. 14. 85

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

9 Geo. 4. c. 66. An Act for repealing the Laws now in force relating to the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea. The Nautical Almanack Act, 1828.

9 Geo. 4. c. 69. An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Persons going armed by Night for the Destruction of Game. The Night Poaching Act, 1828.

9 Geo. 4. c. 74. An Act for improving the Administration of Criminal Justice in the East Indies. The Criminal Law (India) Act, 1828.

9 Geo. 4. c. 80. An Act to enable Bankers in Ireland to issue certain unstamped Promissory Notes, upon Payment of a composition in lieu of the Stamp Duties tlioreon. The Bankers' Composition (Ireland) Act, 1828.

9 Geo. 4. c. 81. An Act for making Promissory Notes payable, issued by Banks, Banking Companies, or Bankers, in Ireland, at the Places where they are issued. The Bank Notes (Ireland) Act, 1828.

9 Geo. 4. c. 82. An Act to make Provision for the lighting, cleansing, and watching of Cities, Town 8 Corporate, and Market Towns, in Ireland, in certain cases. The Lighting of Towns (Ireland) Act, 1828.

9 Geo. 4. c. 83. An Act to provide for the Administration of Justice in New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land, and for the more effectual Government thereof, and for other purposes relating thereto. The Australian Courts Act, 1828.

9 Geo. 4. c. 92. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Savings Banks. The Savings Bank Act, 1828.

9 Geo. 4. c. 94. An Act for rendering valid Bonds, Covenants, and other Assurances for the Designation of Ecclesiastical Preferments in certain specified Cases. Bonds'Act, 1828.

10 Geo. 4. c. 7. An Act for the Belief of His Majesty's Roman Catholic Subjects. The Roman Catholic Relief Act, 1829.

10 Geo. 4. c. 13. An Act to provide for Monies paid into Court under Acts afterwards repealed. The Court Funds Act, 1829.

86 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Acl, 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

Section and Chapter.

Title.

10 Geo. 4. c. 19.

- An Act to explain and amend /an

Act of the Parliament of Scotland, intituled " An Act concerning the Registration of Seisins and Reversions of Tenements

" within Burgh."

10 Geo. 4. c. 24.

An Act to enable the Commissioners for the Redaction of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities and Annuities for Terms of Years.

10 Geo. 4. c. 37.

10 Geo. 4. c. 38.

10 Geo. 4. c. 41.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to Coroners in Ireland.

- An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Attempts to murder in certain Cases in Scotland.

An Act to amend the Laws for the Regulation of the Butter Trade in Ireland.

10 Geo. 4. c. 44. 10 Geq. 4. c. 50.

10 Geo. 4. c. 53.

- An Act for improving the Police in

and near the Metropolis.

- An Act the title of which begins

with the words "An Act to consolidate and amend, " and ends with the words "Isles of Man and Alderney."

- An Act to regulate the Duties,

Salaries, and Emoluments of the Officers, Clerks, and Ministers of certain Ecclesiastical Courts in England.

11 Geo. 4.& 1 Wil1.4. c. 18.

An Act to render valid Marriages solemnized in certain Churches and Chapels.

11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4. c. 22.

An Act for appropriating the Richmond Lunatic Asylum in Dublin to the Purposes of a District Lunatic Asylum,

11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4. c. 26.

An Act, the title of which begins with the words "An Act to authorise, " and ends with the words *Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities."

11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4. c. 32.

An Act the title of which begins with the words An Act to explain, " and ends with the words "of certain Bankers in Ireland." H

[Short Title.]

The Register of St. sines Act, 1829.

The Government Annuities Act, 1829.

The Coroners (Ireland) Act, 1829.

The Criminal Law (Scotland) Act, 1829.

The Butter Trade (Ireland) Act, 1829.

The Metropolitan Police Act, 1829.

The Crown Lands Act, 1829.

The Ecclesiastical Courts Act, 1829.

The Marriage Confirmation Act, 1830.

The Richmond Lunatic Asylum Act, 1830.

The National Debt Act, 1830.

The Banks (Ireland) Act, 1830.

1806.

Short TiUe8, 1896. Ch. 14 87

[Short Title.]

Semibn amd Chapter. Title.

11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4. c. 36. An Act for altering and amending the Law regarding Commitments by Courts of Equity for Contempts, and the taking Bills pro Oonfesso. The Contempt of Court Act, 1830.

11 Geo. 4 & 1 Will. 4. c. 37. An Act to amend an Act of the ninth year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, to facilitate Criminal Trials in Scotland, and to abridge the Period now required between the pronouncing of Sentence and Execution thereof, in eases importing n Capital Punishment. The Criminal Law (Scotland) Act, 188a

11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4. c. 39. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Transportation of Offenders from Great Britain; and for punishing Offences committed by Transports kept to labour in the Colonies. The Transportation Act, 1830.

11 Geo. 4. &lWill. 4. c. 40. An Act for making better Provision for the Disposal of the undisposed of Residues of the Effects of Testators. The Executors Act, 1830.

11 Geo. 4. &lWill. 4. c. 41. An Act to make further Regulations with respect to Army Pensions. The Army Pensions Act, 1830.

11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4. c. 43. An Act to abolish certain Fees and Stamp Duties chargeable on the Renewal of all Appointments, Commissions, Grants, Pensions, and Patents, consequent on the demise of the Crown. The Demise of the Crown Act, 1830.

11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4. c. 46. An Act to alter and amend the Law relating to Illusory Appointments. The Illusory Appointments Act, 1830.

11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4. c. 47. An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws for facilitating the Payment of Debts out of Real Estate. The Debts Recovery Act, 1830.

11 Geo. 4. & lWill. 4. o. 51. An Act to repeal certain of the Duties on Cyder in the United . Kingdom, and on Beer and Ale in Great Britain, and to make other Provisions in relation thereto. The Beer Licences Act, 1830.

11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4. c. 54. An Act to revive, continue, and amend several Acts relating to ' the Fisheries. The Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1830. niniti7Prl h\/ V. 1 CJ *

88 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

Session and Chapter.

Thle.

[Short Title.]

11 Geo. 4. A 1 Will. 4.

c .56.

An Act to amend an Act of the . The Endowed Schools Fifty-third Year of King George (Ireland) Act, 1830. the Third, for the Appointment j of Commissioners for the Regnla- 1 tion of the several Endowed Schools of public and private

Foundation in Ireland.

11 Geo. 4.& 1 Will. 4. c. 64.

An Act to permit the general Sale The Beerhouse Act, of Beer and Cyder by lietail in 1830.

England.

11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4. c. 65.

An Act for consolidating and amend- The Infants' Property big the Laws relating to Property Act, 1830.

belonging to Infants, Femes,

Covert, Idiots, Lunatics, and,

Persons of Unsound Mind.

11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4. c. 66.

An Act for . amending the

Laws relative to Forgery.

The Forgery Act, 1830.

11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4. c. 68.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the " more effectual Protection," and ends with the words "declared " to them by the Owners uthereof."

The Carriers Act, 1830.

11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4. c. 69.

11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4. c. 70.

An Act for uniting the Benefits of Jury Trial in Civil Causes with the ordinary Jurisdiction of the Court of Session, and for making certain other Alterations and Reductions in the Judicial Establishments of Scotland.

The Court of Session Act, 1830.

An Act for the more effectual adini- | The Law Terms Act, nistration of Justice in England j 1830. and Wales.

11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4.

c. 71.

An Act for correcting mistaken, The Acts of Parliament References to Acts of His late (Mistaken Refer- Majesty in Acts passed during ences) Act, 1830. the present Session of Parliament.

1 Will. 4. c. 3. 1 Will. 4. c. 4.

- An Act ... to declare the Law with regard to the Duration of the Terms in certain Cases.

The Law Terms (Explanation) Act, 1830.

An Act ... to extend the Period within which the Patents of Governors of Colonies shall, on any fnture Demise of the Crown, become vacant, and to provide for the longer Duration of the Patents of Governors after the Demise of the Crown.

The Colonial Act, 1830.

Offices

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 89

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

1 Will. 4. c. 13. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled "An Act for appropriating the Richmond uLunatic Asylum in Dublin to the purposes of a District " Lunatic Asylum." The Richmond Lunatic Asylum Act, 1831.

1 Will. 4. c. 18. An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Sixth Year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, as far as regards the Settlement of the Poor by the renting and Occupation of Tenements. The Poor Relief (Settlement) Act, 1831.

1 Will. 4. c. 22. An Act to enable Courts of Law to order the Examination of Witnesses upon Interrogatories and otherwise. The Evidence on Commission Act, 1831.

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 4. - An Act to abolish certain Oaths and Affirmations taken and made in the Customs and Excise Departments of His Majesty's Revenue, and to substitute Declarations in lieu thereof. The Excise / Declarations Act, 1831.

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 13. - An Act, the title of which begins with the words "An Act to repeal, " and ends with the words "into Great Britain." The Tobacco Cultivation Act, 1831.

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 17. - An Act to provide for the better Order and Government of Ireland, by Lieutenants for the several Counties, Counties of Cities, and Counties of Towns therein. The Custos Rotulorum (Ireland) Act, 1831.

1 &2 Will. 4. c. 21. - An Act to explain and amend Two Acts of the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-eighth Years of His Majesty King George the Third, so far as the same relate to Double Assessments of the Lend Tax. The Land Tax Act, 1831.

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 22. - An Act to amend the Laws relating to Hackney Carriages, and to Waggons, Carts, and Drays used in the Metropolis. The London Hackney Carriage Act, 1831.

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 31. - An Act to improve the Administration of Justice in Ireland. The Judicature (Ireland) Act, 1831.

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 82. - An Act to amend the Laws in England relative to Game. The Game Act, 1831.

90 C a >14.

Short Titles 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

1

Session pud. Chapter.

Title.

[Short Title.]

& 2 Will. 4. o. 33.

An Act for the Extension and Promotion of Public Works in Ireland.

The Public Works (Ireland) Act, 1831.

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 37.

1 A 2 Will. 4. c. 38.

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 41.

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 42.

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 44.

An Act to prohibit the Payment, in certain Trades, of Wages in Goods, or otherwise than in the current Coin of the Realm.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His ucte Majesty, intituled " An Act to amend the " Acts for building and pro* " mo ting the building of additional Churches in populous " Parishes."

An Act for amending the Laws relative to the Appointment of Special Constables, and for the better Preservation of the Peace.

An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty-ninth Year of His Majesty King George the Third, for the relief and employment of the poor.

An Act, the title of which begins

- with the words "An Act to amend, " and ends with the words "and for other purposes therein mentioned."

The Truck Act, 1831.

The Church Building Act, 1831.

The Special Constables Act, 1831.

The Poor Relief Act, 1831.

The Tumultuous Risings (Ireland) Act, 1831.

1 & 2 Win. 4. c. 45.

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 48.

An Act to extend the provisions of an Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled " An Act for confirming " and perpetuating Augmentations made by Ecclesiastical " persons to small Vicarages and " Curacies, and for other purposes."

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fifth Year of His Majesty King George the Third, for establishing Public Hospitals in Ireland.

The Augmentation of Benefices Act, 1831.

The County Infirmaries (Ireland) Act, 1831.

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 55.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws for suppressing the illicit making of Malt and Distillation of Spirits in Ireland.

The Illicit Distillation (Ireland) Act, 1831.

1896.

Short Titles, 1896. Ch. 14. 91

1 A2 Will. 4. o. 69.

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 60.

2&3 Will.4. c..l.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 5.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 42.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 45.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 16.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 21.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 40.

An Act; to enable Churchwardens and Overseers to inclose Land belonging to the Crown, for the Benefit of Poor Persons residing in the Parish in which Such Crown Land is situated.

An Act for the better Regulation of Vestries, and for the Appointment of Auditors of Accounts, in certain Parishes of England and Wales.

An Act for uniting the Office of the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Works and Public Buildings with the Office of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues; and for other Purposes relating to the Land Revenues.

An Act to provide for carrying on the Business of the Court of Session in Scotland when interrupted by the Death or necessary Absence of any of the Judges thereof.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws regulating the granting and issuing of Permits tor the Removal of Goods under the Laws of Excise.

An Act to repeal several Acts of the Parliament of Ireland imposing Restrictions upon the Coal Trade, and to regulate the same.

An Act to amend toe Laws relating to the Business of the Civil Departments of the Navy, and to make other Regulations tor more effectually carrying on the Duties of the said Departments.

An Act to authorize (in Parishes inclosed under any Act of Parliament) the letting of the Poor Allotments in small Portions to Industrious Cottagers.

An Act to amend the Representation of the People in England and Wales.

The Crown Lands Allotments Act, 1831.

The Vestries Act, 1831.

The Crown Lands Act, 1832.

The Court of Session Act, 1832.

The Excise Act, 1832.

Permit

The Coal Trade (Ireland) Act, 1832.

The Admiralty Act, 1832.

The Allotments Act, 1832.

The Representation of the Peop.'e Act,

Digby

92 Ch. 14

Short Tides, 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

Session and Chapter. Title. Short Tide.

2 &3 Will. 4. c. 48. - An Act to regulate the Office of Clerk of the Crown in the Court of King's Bench in Ireland. 'The Clerk of the Crown (Ireland) Act, 1832.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 53. - An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws relating to the Payment of Army Prize Money. The Army Prize Money Act, 1832.

2 & 3 Will. 4. Cr 67. - An Act for making certain Provisions respecting Estates or Funds belonging to Charities. The Charities Procedure Act, 1832.

2 &3 Will. 4. c. 58. - An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for altering and amending the Law regarding Commitments by Courts of Equity for Contempts, and the taking Bills pro Confesso; and to explain certain Parts thereof. The Contempt of Court Act, 1832.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 59. - An Act to transfer the Management of certain Annuities on Lives from the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer to the Management of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; and to amend an Act for enabling the said Commissioners to grant Life Annuities and Annuities for Terms of Years. The Government Annuities Act, 1832.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 60. - An Act for holding the Assizes for the King's County in Ireland, Twice in every Year, at Tulla-mooro, instead of Philipstown. The King's County Assizes Act, 1832.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 61. - An Act to render more effectual an Act passed in the fifty-ninth year of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled " An Act to " amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the last " session of Parliament, forbuild- ing and promoting the building " of additional Churches in populous Parishes." The Church Building Act, 1832.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 64. - An Act to settle and describe . the Limits of Cities and Boroughs, in England and Wales, in so far as respects the Election of Members to serre in Parliament. The Parliamentary Boundaries Act, 1832.)by

18y6.

SJwrt Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 93

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 65. - An Act to amend the Representation of the People in Scotland. The Representation of the People (Scotland) Act, 1832.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 68. - An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Trespasses upon Property by persons in pursuit of Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland. The Game (Scotland) Act, 1832.

2 &3 Will. 4. c. 69. - An Act to prevent the application of Corporate Property to the Purposes of Election of Members to serve in Parliament. The Corporate Property (Elections) Act, 1832.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 71. - An Act for shortening the Time of Prescription in certain Cases. The Prescription Act, 1832.

2 &3 Will. 4. c. 75. - An Act for regulating Schools of Anatomy. The Anatomy Act, 1832.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 78. - An Act to continue certain Acts relating to the Island of Newfoundland . The Newfoundland Act, 1832.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 80. - An Act to authorise the identifying of Lands and other Possessions of certain Ecclesiastical and Collegiate Corporations. The Ecclesiastical Corporations Act, 1832.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 85. - An Act to make a better Provision for the Superintendence of Charitable Institutions in Ireland maintained in the whole or in part by Grand Jury Presentments; and for the more effectual Audit of the Accounts of the same. The Charities (Ireland) Act, 1832.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 87. - An Act to regulate the Office for registering Deeds, Conveyances, and WiUs in Ireland. The Registry of Deeds (Ireland) Act, 1832.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 88. - An Act to amend the Representation of the People of Ireland. - The Representation of the People (Ireland) Act, 1832.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 89. - An Act to settle and describe the The Parliamentary Boundaries (Ireland) Act, 1832.

Limits of Cities, Towns, and Boroughs in Ireland, in so far as respects the Election of Members to serve in Parliament.

2 & 3 Will. 4 c. 92. - An Act for transferring the Powers of the High Court of Delegates, both in Ecclesiastical and Maritime Causes, to His Majesty in Council. H The Privy Council Appeals Act, 1832. (

94 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896. 59 & 60

Session and Chapter.

Title.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 93.

An Act for enforcing the Process upfoii Contempts in the Courts Ecclesiastical of England and Ireland.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 100.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 105.

2 & 3 Will. 4.C. 108.

An Act for shortening the Time required in claims of Modus decimandi, or Exemption from or Discharge of Tithes.

An Act the Title of which begins with the words "An Act for the better/' and ends with the words "under the Crown."

An Act for amending the Laws in Ireland relative to the Appointment of Special Constables, and for the better Preservation of the Peace.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 111.

An Act to make Provision for the Lord High Chancellor on his Retirement from Office.

2 A3 Will. 4. c. 112.-

An Act to authorise the Hereditary Lands Revenues of the Crown in Scotland being placed under the Management of the Commissioners of the Land Revenues.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 113.

An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four, Compositions for tho Assessed Taxes, and to grant Relief in certain Cases.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 115.- An Act for the better securing the

Charitable Donations and Bequests of Her Majesty's subjects in Great Britain professing the Roman Catholic Religion.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 116. - An Act to provide for the Salaries

of certain High and Judicial Officers, and of Payments heretofore mode out of the Civil List Revenues. '

[Short Title.]

The Ecclesiastical Courts (Contempt) Act, 1832.

The Tithe Act, 1832.

The House of Commons* (Speaker) Act, 1832.

The 'Special Constables ‘ (Ireland) Act, 1832.

The Lord Chancellor's Pension Act, 1832.

The Crown Lands (Scotland) Act, 1832.

The House Tax Act, 1832.

The Roman Catholic Charities Act, 1832.

The Lord Lieutenants* and Lord Chancellors' Salaries (Ireland) Act, 1832.

2 A 3 Wilt 4. o. 120.-

An Act to repeal the duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps on Stage Carriages and on Horses let for Hire in ! Great Britain, and to grant Other Duties in lieu thereof, and *1&> to consolidate and amend the Laws relating thereto.

The Stage Carriages Act, 1832.

1896.* 1

SK&rt Titles Act, 1896.

Ch: I'll 95"

Session and Chapter. Title. Short Tide.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 13. - An Act the Title of which begirt* with the words "An Act to provide, " and ends with the words Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes." The Public Revenue (Scotland) Act, 1833.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 14. - An Act to enable depositors in Savings Banks and others to purchase Government annuities through the medium of Savings Banks. The Savings Bank Act, 1833.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 15. - An Act to amend the Laws relating to Dramatic Literary Property. The Dramatic Copyright Act, 1833.

3 & 4 Will 4. c. 22. - An Act to amend the Laws relating to Sewers. The Sewers Act, 1833.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 24. - An Act to amend an Act of the Tenth Year of His late Majesty for regulating the Reduction of tho National Debt. The Government Annuities Act, 1833.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 27. - An Act for the Limitation of Actions and Saits relating to Real Property, and for simplifying the Remedies for trying the Rights thereto. The Real Property Limitation Act, 1833.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 29. - An Act the Title of which begins with the words "An Act to make further, " and ends with the words "the Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital." The Army (Artillery, &c.,) Pensions Act, 1833.

3 A 4 Will. 4. c. 30. - An Act to exempt from Poor and Church Rates all Churches, Chapels, and other Places of Religions Worship. The Poor Rate Exemption Act, 1833.

3&4 Will. 4.C. 31. - An Act to enable the Election of Officers of Corporations and other Public Companies now required to be held on the Lord's Day to be held on the Saturday next preceding, or on the Monday next ensuing. The Sunday Observance Act, 1833.

3 A 4 Will. 4. c. 35. - An Act the Title of which begins with the words "An Act to remedy, " and ends with the words "of the said Commissioners." The Inclosure and Drainage (Rates) Act, 1883.

3 A 4 Will. 4. c. 41. - An Act for the better Administration of Justice in His Majesty's Privy I Council. The Judicial Committee Act, 1833. by

9j5 Off. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896. 59 & 60 VICT.

[Short Title.]

Session umL Chapter. Title.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 42. - An Act for the farther Amendment of the Law, and the better Advancement of Justice. The Civil Procedure Act, 1833.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 48. - An Act the Title of which begins with the wonts "An Act to amend an Act, " and ends with the words "used in the Metropolis." The London Hackney Carriages Act, 1833.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 49. - An Act to allow Quakers and Moravians to make Affirmation in all Cases where an Oath is or shall be required. The Quakers and Moravians Act, 1833.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 50. - An Act to repeal the several Laws relating to the Customs. The Customs (Repeal) Act, 1833.

3&4 Will. 4. c. 63. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to " render valid Indentures, " and ends with the words "Indentures " by Corporations." The Apprentices Act, 1833.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 68. - An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Sale of Wine, Spirits, Beer, and Cider by Retail in Ireland. The Licensing (Ireland) Act, 1833.

3 A 4 Will. 4. c. 69. - An Act to extend and enlarge the Powers of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, in relation to the management and disposition of the Land Revenue of the Crown in Scotland. The Crown Lands (Scotland) Act, 1833.

3 A 4 Will. 4. c. 70. - An Act to alter and amend an Act of the Forty-first Year of His Majesty King George the Third, for the better Regulation of Public Notaries in England. The Public Notaries Act, 1833.

3 A 4 Will. 4. c. 71. - An Act for the Appointment of convenient Places for the holding of Assizes in England and Wales. The Assizes Act, 1833.

3 A 4 Will. 4. c. 73. - An Act for the Abolition of Slavery throughout the British Colonies. The Slavery Abolition Act, 1833.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 74. - An Act for the Abolition of Fines and Recoveries, and for the Substitution of more simple Modes of Assurance. The Fines and Recoveries Act, 1883.

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 97

Session and Chapter.

Title.

[Short Title.]

3 A 4 Will. 4. c. 76.

3&4 Will. 4. c. 77.

3 A 4 Will. 4. c. 78.

3 A 4 Will. 4. c. 83.

3 A 4 Will. 4. c. 85.

3 A 4 Will. 4. c. 86.

An Act to alter and amend the Laws for the Election of the Magistrates and Councils of the Royal Burghs in Scotland.

The Royal Burghs

(Scotland) Act, 1833.

An Act to provide for the Appointment and Election of Magistrates and Councillors for the several Burghs and Towns of Scotland which now return or contribute to return Members to Parliament and are not Royal Burghs.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to Grand Juries in Ireland.

An Act ... to authorise Banks to issue Notes payable in London for less than Fifty Pounds.

An Act for effecting an Arrangement with the East India Company, and for the better Government of His Majesty's Indian Territories till the Thirtieth day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-four.

An Act to provide for the Payment of certain ancient Grants and Allowances formerly paid out of the Civil List Revenues.

The Parliamentary Burghs (Scotland) Act, 1833.

The Grand Jury (Ireland) Act, 1833.

‘The Bank Notes Act, 1833.

The Government of India Act, 1833.

The Crown Lands Act, 1833.

3 A 4 Will. 4. c. 87. -, An Act the title of which begins The Inclosure Act, | with the words "An Act for 1833.

i remedying, " and ends with the

, words "where the same shall have been omitted."

3 A 4 Will. 4. c. 90.

An Act to repeal an Act of the The Lighting and Eleventh Year of His late Watching Act, 1833. Majesty King George the Fourth, for the lighting and watching of Parishes in England and Wales, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

8 A 4 Will. 4. c. 92.

3 A 4 Will. 4. c. 93.

An Act to explain and amend the The County Infirmaries Provisions of certain Acts for (Ireland) Act, 1833. the erecting and establishing Public Infirmaries, Hospitals, and Dispensaries in Ireland.

An Act to regulate the Trade to China and India.

The China Trade Act,

98 Ch. 14.

Short Tittee Act, 1896.

69 & 00 Yior

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title. -

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 98. - An Act for giving to the Corporation of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England certain Privileges, for a limited Period, under certain Conditions. The Bank of England Act, 1833.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 99. - An Act for the more speedy Return and Recovery of Fines, Issues, forfeited Recognizances, Penalties, and Deodands. The Fines Act, 1833.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 104. - An Act to render Freehold and Copyhold Estates Assets for the Payment of Simple and Contract Debts. The Administration of Estates Act, 1833.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 105.. An Act for the Amendment of the Law relating to Dower. The Dower Act, 1833.

3 & 4 Will 4. c. 106. - An Act for the Amendment of the Law of Inheritance. The Inheritance Act, 1833.

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 16. - An Act to abolish the Office of Recorder of the Great Roll or Clerk of the Pipe in the Exchequer in Scotland. The Exchequer (Scotland) Act, 1834.

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 19. - An Act to repeal certain Duties on Inhabited Dwelling Houses. The House Tax Act, 1834.

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 21. - An Act for amending certain Provisions of an Act of the Thirty-sixth of George the Third, for regulating the buying and selling of Hay and Straw. The Hay and Straw Act, 1834.

4 4 6 Will. 4. c. 22. - An Act to amend an Act of the Eleventh Year of King George the Second, respecting the Apportionment of Rents, Annuities, and other periodical Payments. The Apportionment Act, 1834.

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 24. - An Act to alter, amend, and consolidate the Laws for regulating the Pensions, Compensations, and Allowances to be made to Persons in respect of their having held Civil Offices in His Majesty's Service. The Superannuation Act, 1834.

4 4 6 Will. 4. c. 28. - An Act to amend the Laws relative to Marriages celebrated by Roman Catholic Priests and Ministers not of the Established Church, in Scotland. The Marriage (Scotland) Act, 1834.

44 5 Will. 4. c. 30. - An Act to facilitate the Exchange of Lands lying in Common Fields. The Common Fields Digi, Sf$Ck)fc&1834-

W0- i Short Titled Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 99

[Short Title.]

8 — »ion and Chapter. Tide.

.4^5 WilL4. c. 36..- An Act for establishing a new Court for the Trial of Offences committed in the Metropolis and Parts adjoining. The Central Criminal Court Act, 1834.

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 41. - An Act to regulate the Appointment of Ministers to Churches in Scotland erected by voluntary contribution. The New Churches (Scotland) Act, 1834.

4 A 6 Will. 4. c. 43. - An Act to authorise Persons duly appointed to act as Justices of the Peace in the Islands of Scilly, although not qualified according to Law. The Justices* Qualification (Scilly Islands) Act, 1834.

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 46. - An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty-eighth Year of King George the Third, for establishing Fever Hospitals, and to make other Regulations for Relief of the suffering Poor, and for preventing the Increase of Infectious Fevers^ in Ireland. The Fever Hospitals (Ireland) Act, 1834.

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 51. - An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Collection and Management of the Revenue of Excise. The Excise Management Act, 1834.

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 60. - An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Land and Assessed Taxes, and to consolidate the Boards of Stamps and Taxes. The Land Tax Act, 1834.

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 61. - An Act for the more effectually providing for the Erection of certain Bridges in Ireland. The Bridges (Ireland) Act, 1834.

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 67. - An Act for abolishing Capital Punishment in case of returning from Transportation. The Transportation Act, 1834.

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 70. - An Act to regulate the Salaries of the Officers of the House of Commons The House of Commons Officers Act, 1834.

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 75. - An Act ... to impose additional Duties on Licences to Retailers of Spirits in the United Kingdom. The Excise Act, 1834.

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 76. - An Act for the Amendment and better Administration of the Laws relating to the Poor in England and Wales. The Poor Law Amendment Act, 1834.

100 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1890.

59 & 60 Vict.

Session and Chapter.

Title.

[Short Title.]

4 & 5 Will. 4. c.

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 85.

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 92.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 16.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 17.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 24.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 26.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 27.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 35.

6* & G Will. 4. c. 36.

5A6 Will. 4. c. 38.

An Act for the Amendment of the ' Proceedings and Practice of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the First Year of His present Majesty, to permit the general Sale of Beer and Cider by Retail in England.

An Act for the Abolition of Fines and Recoveries, and for the Sub- | stitution of more simple Modes of Assurance, in Ireland.

An Act for altering and amending | the Law regarding Commitments by Courts of Equity for Contempts, and the taking Bills pro Confesso, in Ireland.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to extend to Ireland, " and ends with the words "and Pei-sons of unsound Mind."

The Chancery (Ireland) Act, 1834.

The Beerhouse Act, 1834.

The Fines and Recoveries (Ireland) Act, 1834.

The Chancery (Ireland) Act, 1835.

The Infants' Property (Ireland) Act, 1835.

An Act for the Encouragement of the voluntary Enlistment of Seamen, and to make Regulations for j more effectually manning His Majesty's Navy.

The Naval Enlistment Act, 1835.

An Act for the Appointment of convenient Places for the holding of Assizes in Ireland.

The Assizes (Ireland) Act, 1835.

An Act to continue and amend certain Regulations for the Linen and Hempen Manufactures in Ireland.

The Linen Manufactures (Ireland) Act, 1835.

An Act for consolidating the Offices of Paymaster-General, Paymaster and Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, Treasurer of the Navy, and Treasurer of the Ordnance.

The Paymaster

General Act, 1835.

An Act to limit the Time of taking The Parliamentary the Poll in Boroughs at contested Elections Act, 1885. Elections of Members to serve in Parliament to One Day.

An Act for effecting greater Uniformity of Practice in the Government of the several Prisons in England and Wales.

The Prisons Act, 1885 *

D\g\\\zed by

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896.

Ca 14. 101

SeMion and Chapter.

Title.

[Short Title.]

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 89.

Ari Act to exempt certain Retailers of Spirits to a small Amount from the additional Duties on Licences; and to discontinue the Excise Survey on Wine, and the Use of Permits for the Removal thereof.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 41.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Securities given for Considerations arising out of gaming, nsnrious, and certain other illegal Transactions.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 42.

An Act to authorize the granting of Superannuation Allowances to the Commissioners and Officers of the Courts for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 43.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 50.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 52.

An Act for enlarging the Powers of Magistrates in the Appointment of Special Constables.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Highways in that part of Great Britain called England.

An Act to authorize the Court of Directors of the East India Company to suspend the execution of the Provisions of the Act of the Third and Fourth Wilihun the Fourth, chapter eighty-five, so far as they relate to the Creation of the Government of Agra.

5 ft 6 Will. 4. c. 54. - An Act to render certain Marriages

valid, and to alter the law with respect to certain voidable marriages.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 55. - An Act the title of which begins

with the words "An Act for facilitating," and ends with the words "Public Accounts of Great Britain."

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 57.

An Act to extend to Scotland certain provisions of an Act of the Ninth year of His late Majesty, to consolidate and amend the laws relating to Savings Banks.

The Excise Act, 1855.

The Gaming Act, 1835.

The Insolvency Courts Act, 1835.

The Special Constables Act, 1835.

The Highway Act, 1835.

The India (North-West Provinces) Act, 1835.

The Marriage Act, 1835.

The Sheriffs (Ireland) Act, 1835.

The Savings Bank Act, 1835.

102 Ob, iU.

Short Titlea Act, 1896.

69 6 60 V«sr.

Session and Chapter. Tide. Short Tide.

5 & 6 Will. 4*<s. 58. - An Act to amend, the Acta relating to the Hereditary Land Revenues of the Crown in Scotland. The Crown. Lands (Scotland) Act, 1835.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 62. - An Act to make provisions for the abolition of unnecessary Oaths. The Statutory Declarations Act, 1835.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 64. - An Act to alter certain Duties of Stamps and Assessed Taxes, and to regulate the Collection thereof. The Stamp Duties Act, 1835.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 65. - An Act for preventing the Publication of Lectures without Consent. The Lectures Copyright Act, 1835.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 69. - An Act to facilitate the Conveyance of Workhouses and other Property of Pwishes and of Incorporations or Unions of Parishes in England and Wales. The Union and Parish Property Act, 1835.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 78. - An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Second and Third year of the Reign of King William the Fourth, for amending the Representation of the People in Scotland; and to diminish the Expenses there. The Representation of the People (Scotland) Act, 1835.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 84. - An Act to empower Grand Juries in Ireland to raise Money by Presentment for the Construction, Enlargement, or Repair of Piers and Quays. The Piers and Quays (Ireland) Act, 1835.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 11. - An Act for the Registration of Aliens ..... The Registration of Aliens Act, 1836.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 12. - An Act for amending an Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled " An Act for the better Regulation " of Divisions in the several " Counties of England and " Wales." The Petty Sessional Divisions Act, 1836.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 13. - An Act to consolidate the Laws relating to the Constabulary Force in Ireland. The Constabulary (Ireland) Act, 1836.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 19. - An Act for separating the Palatine Jurisdiction of the County Palatine of Durham from the Bishoprick of Durham. The Durham (County Palatine) Act, 1836.

6 & 7 Will 4. c. 20. An Act for imposing certain Restrictions on the Renewal of Leases by Ecclesiastical Persons. i The Ecclesiastical Leases Act, 1886.

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 103

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

6 & 7 WiH. Ar. c. 22? - An Act to enable Bastards in Scotland to make Testaments. The Bastards (Scotland) Act, 1836.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 28. - An Act to enable persons to make deposits of Stock or Exchequer Bills, in lieu of giving security by Bond to the Postmaster-General and Commissioners of Land Revenue, Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Taxes. The Government Offices Security Act, 1836.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 29. - An Act for improving the Police in the District of Dublin Metropolis. The Dublin Police Act, 1836.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 33. - An Act to amend and regulate the Law of Scotland as to Erasures in Instruments of Sasine and of Resignation ad remanentiam. The Erasures in Deeds (Scotland) Act, 1836.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 36. - An Act to amend an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, for consolidating the Laws relating to the Constabulary Force in Ireland. The Constabulary (Ireland) Act, 1836. (No. 2.)

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 37. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to repeal the several Acts now in " force relating to Bread, " and ends with the words "beyond " the Limits aforesaid." The Bread Act, 1836.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 38. - An Act to amend an Act passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act to amend the " Laws relating to Excise Licences, and to the Sale of Wine, " Spirits, Beer, and Cider, by Retail, in Ireland." The Licensing (Ireland) Act, 1836.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 42. - An Act to giant certain Powers to Heirs of Entail in Scotland, and to authorize the Sale of Entailed Lands for the Payment of certain Debts affecting the same. The Entail Powers Act, 1836.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 43. - I An Act to provide for the taking of Judicial Ratifications of Scottish Deeds on Oath as heretofore. The Judiciul Ratifications (Scotland) Act, 1836.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 56. - An Act for regulating the Process of Cessio bonorum in the Court of Session, and for extending the Jurisdiction of Sheriffs in Scotland to such Cases. The Cessio (Scotland) Act, 1836.

104 Cr. 14.

Short Titles, 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 59. - An Act to extend the Protection of Copyright* in Prints and Engravings to Ireland. 1 The Prints and Engravings Copyright (Ireland) Act, 1836.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 64. - An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament forimposing certain Restrictions on the Renewal of Leases by Ecclesiastical Persons. | The Ecclesiastical Leases (Amend -| ment) Act, 1836.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 66. - j An Act to prevent the advertising of Foreign and other illegal Lotteries. The Lotteries Act, 1836.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 69. - An Act to fix the Standard Qualities of Gold and Silver Plate in Scotland, and to provide for the assaying and marking thereof. The Plate (Scotland) Act, 1836.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 71. - An Act for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales. The Tithe Act, 1836. I

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 74. - An Act to abolish certain Offices connected with the Court of Chancery in Ireland, and to provide for the Performance of the duties thereof. The Court of Chancery (Ireland) Act, 1836.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 77. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for " carrying into effect the Reports, " and ends with the words "Dioceses, Revenues, and " Patronage.'* The Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1836.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 85. - An Act for Marriages in England - The Marriage Act, 1836.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 86. - An Act for registering Births, Deaths, and Marriages in England. The Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1836.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 87. - An Act for extinguishing the Secular Jurisdiction of the Archbishop of York and the Bishop of Ely in certain Liberties in the Counties of York, Nottingham, and Cambridge. The Liberties Act, 1836.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 89. - An Act to provide for the Attendance and Remuneration of Medical Witnesses at Coroners Inquests. The Coroners (Ireland) Act, 1836.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 96. - An Act to regulate Parochial Assessments. The Parochial Assessments Act, 1836.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 97. - An Act for continuing and making perpetual the Duty on certain Offices and Pensions. The Duties on Offices and Pensions Act, 1836.

1896.

Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 106

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

6 & 7 Will 4. c. 103.- An Act to make temporary provision for the Boundaries of certain Boroughs. The Berwick-on-Tweed Act, 1836.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 106.- An Act the title of which begins with the words An Act to make " Provision for the better, " and ends with the words "Courts of u the said Stannaries." The Stannaries Act, 1836.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 107.- An Act to extend the period for the Repayment of Loans made under an Act passed in the Fourth and Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Ameudment and better Administration of the Laws relating to the Poor in England and Wales. The Poor Relief (Loans) Act, 1836.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 108. - An Act to amend an Act passed in the First and Second Years of His present Majesty, for the Extension and Promotion of Public Works in Ireland. The Public Works (Ireland) Act, 1836,

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 110. - An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the Fifty-fourth Year of King George the Third, respecting Copyrights, as requires the Delivery of a Copy of every published Book to the Libraries of Sion College, the Four Universities of Scotland, and of the King's Inns in Dublin. The Copyright Act, 1836.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 111. - i An Act to prevent the Fact of a previous Conviction being given in Evidence to the July on the Case before them, except when Evidence to Character is given. The Previous Conviction Act, 1836.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 114.- An Act for enabling Persons indicted of Felony to make their Defence by Counsel or Attorney. The Trials for Felony Act, 1836.

6A7 Will. 4. c. 115. - An Act for facilitating the Inclosure of Open and Arable Fields in England and Wales. The Inclosure Act, 1836.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 116. - An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Presentment of Public Money by Grand Juries in Ireland. The Grand Jury (Ireland) Act, 1836.

106 Ch.: 14.

Short Tittee , 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

Session and Chapter. Title. Short Tide.

7 Will. 4. A 1 Vict. c. 2. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for consolidating and amending the Laws relating to the Presentment of Public Money by Grand Juries in Ireland. 1 ' The Grand' Jury* (Ireland) Act, 1837.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 14. An Act to explain and amend Two Acts relating to Trial by Jury in Scotland. The Jury Trials (Scotland) Act, 1837.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 17. An Act ..... for cancelling Stock transferred to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt on account of the Redemption of Land Tax. The Land Tax Redemption Act, 1837.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 21. An Act to amend the Acts for the Extension and Promotion of Public Works in Ireland. The Public Works (Ireland) Act, 1837.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 22. An Act to explain and amend Two Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament, for Marriages, and for registering Births, Deaths, and Marriages, in England. The Birth 8 and Deaths Registration Act, 1837.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 24. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to explain and amend/' and ends with the words "throughout England and Wales." The County Buildings Act, 1837.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 25. An Act to make more effectual Provisions relating to the Police in the District of Dublin Metropolis. The Dublin Police Act, 1837.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 26. An Act for the Amendment of the Laws with respect to Wills. The Wills Act, 1837.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 28. An Act to amend an Act of the Third and Fourth Years of His late Majesty, for the Limitation of Actions and Suits relating to Real Property, and for simplifying the Remedies for trying the Rights thereto. The Real Property Limitation Act, 1837.

7 Will. 4. 1 Vict. c. 30. An Act to abolish certain Offices in the Superior Courts of Common Law, and to make Provision for a more Effective and uniform Establishment of Officers in those Courts. Dig The Superior Courts (Officers) Act, 1837.

me.

Short Titles Act, 1896.

ch. u. m

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

7 Will. 4. A 1 Vict. c. 31. An Act for continuing Military Commissions and Commissions in the Royal Marines in force notwithstanding the Demise of the Crown. The Demise ' of 'the Crown Act, 1837.

7 Will. 4. A 1 Vict. c. 32. An Act to repeal the several Laws relating to the Post Office. The Post Office (Repeal of Laws) Act, 1837.

7 Will. 4. A 1 Vict. c. 33. An Act for the Management of the Post Office. The Post Office (Management) Act, 1837.

7 Will. 4. A 1 Vict. c. 36. An Act for consolidating the Laws relative to Offences against the Post Office of the United Kingdom, and for regulating the judicial Administration of the The Post Office (Offences) Act, 1837.

Post Office La we, and for explaining certain Terms and Expressions employed in those Laws.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 41.

An Act for the more effectual The Small Debt (Scot-Recovery of Small Debts in the land) Act, 1837. Sheriff Courts, and for regulating the Establishment of Circuit Courts for the Trial of Small Debt Causes by the Sheriffs, in Scotland.

7 Will. 4. A 1 Vict. c. 45.

An Act to alter the Mode of giving The Parish Notices Notices for the holding of Vestries, Act, 1837.

of making Proclamations in Coses of Outlawry, and of giving Notices on Sundays with respect to various Matters.

7 Will. 4. A 1 Vict. c. 46.

An Act to vest the Rolls Estate in The Rolls Estate Act, Her Majesty, and to provide for 1837. the future Payment of the Salary of the Master of the Rolls and Expences of the Rolls Chapel.

7 Will. 4. A 1 Vict. c. 47.

An Act to repeal the Prohibition of The India Officers* the Payment of the Salaries and Salaries Act, 1837. Allowances of the East India Company's Officers during their Absence from their respective Stations in India.

7 Will. 4. A I Vict,

c. 50.

An Act to facilitate the Conveyance of Lands and Buildings for the Purposes of Two Acts passed respectively in the Fifth and Sixth years of His late Majesty King William the Fourth.

The Union and Parish Property Act, 1837.

108 (X 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896. 59 & 60 VICT.

Session and Chapter.

Tide.

[Short Title.]

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict.; An Act to explain and ameod an The Liberty of Ely c. 56. | Act of the Sixth and Seventh Act, 1837.

Years of His late Majesty, for extinguishing the Secular Juris- I diction of the Archbishop of !

York and the Bishop of Ely in certain Liberties in the Counties of York, Nottingham, and j j Cambridge.

7 Will. 4. c. 54.

Vict. ! An Act to provide more effectual The County Treasurers Means to make Treasurers of (Ireland) Act. 1837.

I Counties and Counties of Cities I in Ireland account for public Monies, and to secure the same.

7 Will. 4. A 1 Vict. An Act for correcting mistaken c. 60. References to His late Majesty

in Acts of this Session of

I Parliament.

The Acts of Parliament (Mistaken Refer* ences) Act, 1837.

7 Will. 4. A 1 Vict. An Act to amend an Act of the c. 67. ' Fifth year of His Majesty King

1 George the Fourth, for consolidating and amending the Lavra | relative to the Arbitration of Disputes between Masters and Workmen.

The Master and Workmen (Arbitration) Act, 1837.

7 Will. 4. A 1 Vict. c. 69.

An Act to amend an Act for the commutation of Tithes in England and Wales.

The Tithe Act, 1837.

7 Will. 4. A c. 72.

Vict. (An Act to provide for the Appoint- The Lords Justices ment of Lords Justices in the Act, 1887.

1 Case of the next Successor to the Crown being out of the Realm at | the Time of the Demise of Her Majesty.

7 Will. 4. A c. 73.

Vict.

An Act for better euabling Her Majesty to confer certain Powers and Immunities on trading and ocher Companies.

The Chartered Companies Act, 1837.

7 Will. 4. A 1 Vict. c. 77.

An Act to assimilate the Practice of the Central Criminal Court to other Courts of Criminal Judicature within the Kingdom of England and Wales with respect to Offenders liable to the Punishment of Death.

The Central Criminal Court Act, 1837.

1896.

Short Title8 1896. Ch. 14. 109

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 82. An Act to amend the Law relating to Grand Juries in Ireland, so far as to empower the Grand Jury of the County of Fermanagh to reconstruct the Baronial Subdivisions of the said County. The County Fermanagh Baronies Act, 1837.

7 Will. 4. 1 Vict. c. 83. An Act to compel Clerks of the Peace for Counties and other Persons to take the Custody of such Documents as shall be directed to be deposited with them under the Standing Orders of either House of Parliament. The Parliamentary Documents Deposit Act, 1837.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 84. An Act to abolish the Punishment of Death in Cases of Forgery. The Forgery Act, 1837.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 88. An Act to amend certain Acts relating to the Crime of Piracy. The Piracy Act, 1837.

7 Will 4. & 1 Vict. c. 91. An Act for abolishing the Punishment of Death in certain Cases. The Punishment of Offences Act, 1837.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 2. An Act for the Support of Her Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. The Civil List Act, 1837.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 4. An Act to remove Doubts as to . summoning Juries at Adjourned Quarter Sessions of the Peace. The Quarter Sessions Act, 1837.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 14. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to repeal, " and ends with the words "safe custody of such Persons." The Criminal Lunatics Act, 1838.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 20. An Act for the Consolidation of the Offices of First Fruits, Tenths, and Queen Anne's Bounty. The Queen Anne's Bounty Act, 1838.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 23. An Act to amend the Law for providing fit Houses for the beneficed Clergy. The Parsonages Act, 1838.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 25. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to explain and amend, " and ends with the words "in England and Wales." The Poor Belief (Loans) Act, 1838.

I & 2 Vict. c. 27. An Act to make more effectual Provision for the Prevention of Offences by insane Persons in The Criminal Lunatics (Ireland) Act, 1838.

Ireland. I

110 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896.

69 & 60 VICT.

Session and Chapter.

Title.

[Short Title.]

1 & 2 Vict. c. 28.

1*2 Vict. c. 29.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 30. 1 & 2 Vict. c. 37.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 38. 1 & 2 Vict. c. 43.

1 & 2 Vict c. 49.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 51. 1 & 2 Vict. c. 63.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 66.

An Act the title of - which begins with the words "An Act to repeal the several Acts now in u force relating to Bread, " and ends- with the words "United " 'Kingdom called Ireland."

- An Act to supply an Omission in

an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled " An Act to amend the Law for "providing fit Houses for the " benefioed Clergy."

- An Act for continuing the Bishopric

of Sodor and Man.

An Act to empower the Foreman or any other member of Grand Juries in Ireland to administer Oaths to Witnesses on Bills of Indictment.

An Act to amend an Act for punishing idle and disorderly Persons and Rogues and Vagabonds.

An Act for regulating the opening and working of Mines and Quarries in the Forest of Dean and Hundred of Saint Briavels, in the County of Gloucester.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to transfer the Management, " and ends with the words "and Annuities for Terms of Years."

- An Act to amend the Laws relating

to the Levy of Grand Jury Cess in the County of the City of Dublin.

The Bread (Ireland) Act, 1838.

The Parsonages (Amendment) Act, 1838.

The Sodor and Man Act, 1838.

The Grand Jury (Ireland) Act, 1838.

The Vagrancy Act, 1838.

The Dean Forest (Mines) Act, 1838.

The Government

Annuities Act, 1838.

The Grand Jury Cess (Dublin) Act, 1838.

An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament for providing more effectual Means to make Treasurers of Counties and Counties of Cities in Ireland account for Public Monies, and to secure the same.

An Act for the more effectual Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland.

The County Treasurers (Ireland) Act, 1838.

The Poor Relief (Ireland) Act, 1838.

1896.

Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. Ill

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 58. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to vest " in the Commissioners of the " Treasury " and ends with the words "Lands are liable to be " rated to the Land Tax.'* The Land Tax Redemption Act, 1838.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 61. An Act to amend an Act for enabling persons to make deposits of Stock or Exchequer bills in lieu of giving security by Bond to the Postmaster-General and Commissioners of Land Revenue, Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Taxes. The Government Offices Security Act, 1838.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 62. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to enable Masters, " and ends with the words "absolutely or dependent upon Lives." The Renewal of Leases (Ireland) Act, 1838.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 64. An Act to facilitate the Merger of Tithes in Land. The Tithe Act, 1838.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 67. An Act for the better Government of Prisons in the West Indies. The West Indian Prisons Act, 1838.

1 ft 2 Vict. c. 70. An Act to extend the Powers of an Act of the Sixth and Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty in relation to granting Tacks and making Excambions by Heirs of Entail. The Entail Act, 1888.

1 ft 2 Vict c. 74. An Act to facilitate the Recovery of Possession of Tenements after due Determination of the Tenancy. The Small Tenements Recovery Act, 1838.

1 ft 2 Vict. c. 75. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend so much," and ends with the words "Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine." The Fires Prevention (Metropolis) Act, 1838.

1 ft 2 Vict. c. 77. - An Act for permitting Affirmation to be made instead of an Oath in certain Oases. The Quakers and Moravians Act, 1838.

1 ft 2 Vict c. 80. An Act for the Payment of Constables for Keeping the Peace near Public Works. The Special Constables Act, 1838.

1 & 2 Vict c. 82. An Act for establishing a Prison for young Offenders. The Parkhurst Prison Di^gfet 1838, OCK

1 2

112 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896. 59 & 60 VICT.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

] & 2 Vict. c. 86. An Act to diminish Delay and Expence in Advocations and Suspensions in the Court of Session in Scotland. The Court of Session (No. 1) Act, 1838.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 89. An Act respecting the Transfer of certain Funds to the Secretary at War and the Paymaster-General. The Drouly Fund Act, 1838.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 94. An Act for keeping safely the Public Records. The Public Record Office Act, 1838.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 95. An Act to provide for the Payment of certain Pensions. The Pensions Act, 1838.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 96. An Act to amend . the Law relative to Legal Proceedings by certain Joint Stock Banking Companies against their own Members, and by such Members against the Companies. The Joint Stock Banks Act, 1838.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 98. 1 & 2 Vict. c. 105. - An Act to provide for the Conveyance of the Mails by Railways. An Act to remove Doubts as to the Validity of certain Oaths. The Railways (Conveyance of Mails) Act, 1888. The Oaths Act, 1838.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 106. - An Act to abridge the holding of Benefices in Plurality, and to make better Provision for the Residence of the Clergy. The Pluralities Act, 1838.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 107. An Act to amend and render more effectual the Church Building Acts. The Church Building Act, 1838.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 109. - An Act to abolish Compositions for Tithes in Ireland, and to substitute Rentcharges in lieu thereof. The Tithe Rentcharge (Ireland) Act, 1838.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 110. - An Act for extending the remedies of Creditors against the Property of Debtors. The Judgments Act, 1838.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 114. - An Act to amend the Law of Scotland in Matters relating to Personal Diligence, Arrestments, and Poindings. The Debtors (Scotland) Act, 1838.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 115. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend an Act, " and ends with the words "or wherein the same are locally situate." The County Dublin Baronies Act, 1838.

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 113

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 116. - An Act to facilitate Advances ont of County Monies for the Support of County . Institutions in Ireland. The County Institutions (Ireland) Act, 1838.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 118. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to " make certain Alterations in, " and ends with the words "payable in those Courts." The Court of Session (No. 2) Act, 1888.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 119. - An Act to regulate the Constitution, Jurisdiction, and Forms of Process of Sheriff Courts in Scotland. The Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1838.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 120. - An Act for the Abolition of the Duties payable on the Coinage of Tin in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, and for giving Compensation in lieu of *such Duties, and to reduce the Duties of Customs payable on Tin. The Tin Duties Act, 1838.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 1. An Act to amend an Act of the First and Second Year of Her present Majesty for the more effectual Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland. The Poor Relief (Ireland) Act, 1889.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 3. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to authorise, " and ends with the words "and for other Purposes." The Tithe Arrears (Ireland) Act, 1839.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 11. An Act for the better Protection of Purchasers against Judgments, Crown Debts, Lis Pendens, and Fiats in Bankruptcy. The Judgments Act, 1839.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 30. An Act for apportioning the Spiritual Services of Parishes in which Two or more Spiritual Persons have Cure of Souls generally throughout the Parish. The Spiritual Duties Act, 1839.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 33. An Act ... for the Relief of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors in certain Cases. The Solicitors (Clerks) Act, 1839.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 36. An Act to regulate the Duties to be performed by the Judges in the S upreme Courts of Scotland. The Court of Session Act, 1839.

114 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

2 & 3 Vict. c, 45. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Elis late Majesty King William the Fourth relating to Highways. The Highway (Railway Crossings) Act, 1839.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 47. An Act for further improving the Police in and near the Metropolis. The Metropolitan Police Act, 1839.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 49. An Act to make better Provision, for the Assignment of Eccle-j siastical Districts to Churches or Chapels augmented by the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, and for other purposes. The Church Building Act, 1839.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 50. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to " extend and amend the Provisions of, " and ends with the words "Presentments and Parochial Assessments." The Public Works (Ireland) Act, 1839.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 5i An Act to regulate the Payment and Assignment in certain Cases of Pensions granted for Service in Her Majesty's Army, Navy, Royal Marines, and Ordnance. The Pensions Act, 1839.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 56. An Act for the better ordering of Prisons. The Prisons Act, 1839.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 58. An Act to make further Provision for the Administration of Justice, and for improving the Practice and Proceedings, in the Courts of the Stannaries of Cornwall. The Stannaries Act, 1839.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 60. An Act to explain and amend the Provisions of an Act passed in the First year of His Jate Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled " An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws " for facilitating the Payment of " Debts out of Real Estate." The Debts Recovery Act, 1839.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 62. An Act to explain and amend the Acts for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales. The Tithe Act, 1839.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 69. 1 ! t An Act to authorize the Purchase or building of Lodgings for the Judges of Assize on their Circuits. The Judges' Lodgings Act, 1839.

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 115-

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 71. An Act for regulating the Police Courts in the Metropolis. The Metropolitan Police Courts Act, 1839.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 72. An Act for enabling Justices of Assize and Nisi Prius, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery, to hold Courts for Counties at large in adjoining Counties of Cities and Towns, and conversely. The Assizes Act, 1839.

2 & 8 Vict. c. 75. An Act for the better Regulation of the Constabulary Force in Ireland. The Constabulary (Ireland) Act, 1839.

2 & 3 Vict c. 78. An Act to make further Provisions relating to the Police in the District of Dublin Metropolis. The Dublin Police Act, 1839.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 82. An Act for the better Administration of Justice in detached Parts of Counties. The Counties (Detached Parts) Act, 1839.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 84. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Assessment and Collection of Rates for the Relief of the Poor. The Poor Rate Act, 1839.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 93. An Act for the Establishment of County and District Constables by the Authority of Justices of the Peace. The County Police Act, 1839.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 9. An Act to give Summary Protection to Persons employed in the Publication of Parliamentary Papers. The Parliamentary Papers Act, 1810.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 15. An Act further to explain and amend the Acts for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales. The Tithe Act, 184T.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 17. An Act for granting to Her Majesty Duties of Customs, Excise, and Assessed Taxes. The Excise Act, 1840.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 18. An Act to discontinue the Excise Survey on Tobacco, and to provide other Regulations in lieu thereof. The Tobacco Act, 1840.

3 & 4 Vict. c, 20. i An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend an Act, " and ends with the words "and for other Purposes." The Queen Anne's Bounty Act, 1840.

116 Ch. 14.

Short Titles, 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

Session and Chapter.

Title.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 31.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 35. 3 & 4 Vict. c. 44.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 48.

3 & 4J Vict. c. 50.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 59. 3 & 4 Vict. c. 60. 3 & 4 Vict. c. 61.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 65.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 72.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 74. 3 & 4 Vict. c. 77.

- An Act to extend the Powers and,

Provisions of the several Acts relating to the Inclosure of Open I and Arable Fields in England and Wales.

- An Act to re-unite the Provinces j

of Upper and Lower Canada, and | for the Government of Canada.

An Act to amend an Act of the Sevmth Year of King George i the Fourth, for consolidating and I amending the Laws relating to Prisons in Ireland.

- An Act to enable Proprietors of

Entailed Estates in Scotland to Feu or Lease on long Leases Portions of the same for the building of Churches and Schools, and for Dwelling Houses and Gardens for the Ministers and Masters thereof.

- An Act to provide for keeping the

Peace on Canals and Navigable Rivers.

- An Act for the Amendment of the

Law of Evidence in Scotland.

- An Act to further amend the

Church Building Acts.

- An Act to amend the Acts relating

to the general Sale of Beer and Cider by Retail in England.

- An Act to improve the Practice

and extend the Jurisdiction of the High Court of Admiralty of England.

- An Act to provide for the Solemni-

zation of Marriages in the Districts in or near which the parties reside.

An Act for the better Protection of the Oyster Fisheries in Scotland.

- An Act for improving the Condition

and extending the Benefits of Grammar Schools.

[Short Title.]

The Inclosure Act, 1840.

The British North America Act, 1840.

The Prisons (Ireland) Act, 1840.

The Entail Sites Act, 1840.

The Canals (Offences) Act, 1840.

The Evidence (Scotland) Act, 1840.

The Church Building Act, 1840.

The Beerhouse Act, 1840.

The Admiralty Court Act, 1840.

The Marriage Act, 1840.

The Oyster Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1840.

The Grammar Schools Act, 1840.

1896.

Short Titles, 1896. Ch. 14. 117

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

1 8 & 4 Vict. c. 82. An Act for farther amending the Act for abolishing arrest on Mesne Process in Civil Actions. The Judgments Act, 1840.

8 & 4 Vict. c. 84. An Act for better defining the Powers of Justices within the Metropolitan Police District. The Metropolitan Police Courts Act, 1840.

8 & 4 Vict. c. 85. An Act for the Regulation of Chimney Sweepers and Chimneys. The Chimney Sweepers and Chimneys Regulation Act, 1840.

8 & 4 Vict. c. 86. An Act for better enforcing Church Discipline. The Church Discipline Act, 1840.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 88. An Act to amend the Act for the Establishment of County and District Constables. The County Police Act, 1840.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 89. An Act to exempt Inhabitants of Parishes, Townships, and Villages from Liability to be rated as such, in respect of Stock in Trade or other Property, to the Relief of the Poor. The Poor Rate Exemption Act, 1840.

3 A 4 ' Vict. c. 90. An Act for the Care and Education of Infants who may be convicted of Felony. The Infant Felons Act, 1840.

8 & 4 Vict. c. 91. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the more effectual, " and ends with the words Payment of their Wages. The Textile Manufactures (Ireland) Act, 1840.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 92. An Act for enabling Courts of Justice to admit if on-parochial Registers as evidence of Births or Baptisms, Deaths or Burials, and Marriages. The Non-parochial Registers Act, 1840.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 93. An Act to amend the Act for the better Regulation of Ecclesiastical Courts in England. The Ecclesiastical Courts Act, 1840.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 96. An Act for the Regulation of* the Duties of Postage. The Post Office (Duties) Act, 1840.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 97. An Act for regulating Railways I The Railway Regulation Act, 1840.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 102. - } An Act to amend the Law relating to Court Houses in Ireland. The Court Houses (Ireland) Act, 1840.

118 Ch. 14.

Short Title*, 1896.

59 & 60 VICT.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

8 & 4 Vict. c. 103. - I 1 An Act to amend an Act of the 1 lost Session for making farther Provisions relating to the Police > in the District of Dublin Metropolis. The Dublin Justices Act, 1840.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 105. - An Act ... for extending the Remedies of Creditors against the Property of Debtors; and for the further Amendment of the Law and the better Advancement of Justice, in Ireland. The Debtors (Ireland) Act, 1840.

3 & 4 Vict c. 108. An Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in Ireland. The Municipal Corporations (Ireland) Act, 1840.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 109. An Act to annex certain Parts of certain Counties of Cities to adjoining Counties ... to limit the Borough Rate. The Counties and Boroughs (Ireland) Act, 1840.

3 & 4 Vict c. 110. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Loan Societies. The Loan Societies Act, 1840.

3 & 4 Vict c. 111. - An Act ... to extend the Provisions of an Act of the First ' i and Second Years of Her present Majesty, relating to Legal Proceedings by certain Joint Stock Banking Companies against their own Members, and by such Members against the Companies. The Joint Stock Companies Act, 1840.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 113. - An Act to carry into effect, with certain Modifications, the Fourth Report of the Commissioners of Ecclesiastical Duties and Revenues. The Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1840.

4 & 5 Vict c. 14. - 1 1 An Act to make good certain contracts which have been or may be entered into by certain Banking and other Copartnerships. The Trading Partnerships Act, 1841.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 20. An Act to alter and amend certain Laws relating to the Collection and Management of the Duties of Excise. The Excise Management Act, 1841.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 22. An Act to remove Doubts as to the Liability of Lords and Peers of > Parliament to Punishment in certain Cases of Felony. The Felony Act, 1841.

1896.

Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 119

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 30. An Act to authorize and facilitate the completion of a Survey of Great Britain, Berwick - upon -Tweed, and the Isle of Man. The Ordnance Survey Act, 1841.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 38. i 1 An Act to afford further Facilities for the Conveyance and Endowment of Sites for Schools. The Schools Sites Act, 1841.

1 4 & 6 Vict. c. 39. 1 An Act to explain and amend Two several Acts relating to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England. The Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1841.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 46. I I An Act to amend an Act passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty Ring William the Fourth, intituled MAn Act to amend the " Laws relating to Sewers." The Sewers Act, 1841.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 51. An Act to amend an Act of the Third Year of King George the Fourth, for regulating Turnpike Roads in England, and also an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of King William the Fourth, for consolidating the Laws relating to Highways in England. The Highway Act, 1841.

5 Vict. c. 1. An Act to authorise Her Majesty's Commissioners of Woods to giant building leases of the Royal Kitchen Garden at Kensington, and to form and improve other gardens, and to enable the said Commissioners to purchase lands of copyhold or customary tenure. The Crown Lands Act, 1841.

5 Vict. c. 5. - An Act to make further Pro-i visions for the Administration of Justice. The Court of Chancery Act, 1841.

6 Vict. c. 6. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend an Act, " and ends with the words "out of His Majesty's Dominions" The Bishops in Foreign Countries Act, 1841.

120 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

6 & 6 Vict. c. 7. An Act to explain the Acts for the better Regulation of certain Apprentices. The Parish Apprentices Act, 1842.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 18. An Act to explain and amend the Acts regulating the Sale of Parish Property; and to make farther Provision for the Discharge of Debts, Liabilities, and Engagements incurred by or on behalf of Pariehes. The Parish Property and Parish Debts Act, 1842.

5 & 6 Vict. c 22. An Act for Consolidating the Queen's Bench, Fleet, and Marshalsea Prisons, and for regulating the Queen's Prison. The Queen's Prison Act, 1842.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 24. An Act for improving the Dublin Police. The Dublin Police Act, 1842.

8 & 6 Vict. c. 26. An Act to alter and amend the Law relating to Ecclesiastical Houses of Residence. The Ecclesiastical Houses of Residence Act, 1842.

6 & 6 Vict. c. 27. An Act for better enabling Incumbents of Ecclesiastical Benefices to demise the Lands belonging to their Benefices on Farming Leases. The Ecclesiastical Leases Act, 1842.

6 & 6 Vict. c. 28. An Act to assimilate the Law in Ireland, as to the Punishment of Death, to the Law in England; to abolish the Punishment of Death in certain Cases in Ireland, and to substitute other Punishments in lieu thereof. The Capital Punish-‘ment (Ireland) Act, 1842.

6 & 6 Vict. c. 29. - An Act for establishing a Prison at Pentonville. The Pentonville Prison Act, 1842.

6 & 6 Vict. c. 82. An Act for better recording Fines and Recoveries in Wales and Cheshire. The Fines and Recoveries Act, 1842.

6 & 6 Vict. c. 35. An Act for granting to Her Majesty Duties on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, until the Sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and forty-five. The Income Tax Act, 1842.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 87. - An Act ... to amend the Laws relating to the Land and Assessed Taxes. The Land Tax Act, 1842.

1896.

Short Titles Act, 1896.

ch. i4. m

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 38. An Act to define the Jurisdiction of Justices in General and Quarter Sessions of the Peace. The Quarter Sessions Act, 1842.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 44. An Act for the Transfer of Licences and Regulation of Public Houses. The Licensing Act, 1842.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 45. An Act to amend the Law of Copyright. The Copyright Act, 1842.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 46. An Act to amend an Act of the Third and Fourth Years of Her present Majesty for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in Ireland. The Justices (Ireland) Act, 1842.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 47. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Customs. The Customs Act, 1842.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 51. An Act for providing for the further Security and Protection of Her Majesty's Person. The Treason Act, 1842.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 54. An Act to amend the Acts for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales, and to continue the Officers appointed under the said Acts for a time to be limited. The Tithe Act, 1842.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 55. An Act for the better Regulation of Railways and for the Conveyance of Troops. The Railway Regulation Act, 1842.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 56. An Act for further amending the Laws relating to the Customs. The Customs (Amendment) Act, 1842.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 57. An Act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, and to the end of the then next Session of Parliament, the Poor Law Commission; and for the further Amendment of the Laws relating to the Poor in England. The Poor Law Amendment Act, 1842.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 61. An Act to proride for the better Government of South Australia. The South Australia Act, 1842.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 68. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend, " and ends with the words "better Payment of their Wages." The Textile Manufactures (Ireland) Act, 1842.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 69. An Act for perpetuating Testimony in certain Cases. The Perpetuation of Testimony Act, 1842.

122 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896. 59 & 60 VICT.

Session and Chapter.

Title.

[Short Title.]

5 & 6 Vict. c. 74.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 75.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 76. 5 & 6 Vict. c. 79.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 80. 5 & 6 Vict. c. 81. 5 & 6 Vict c. 82.

S& 6 Vict c. 86.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 89.

6 & 6 Vict. c. 93.

An Act to amend an Act of the Second and Third Years of His late Majesty, " to amend the " Representation of the People " of Ireland, in respect of the Bight of Voting in the University of Dublin.

An Act to remove Doubts touching the Law relating to Charitable Pawn or Deposit Offices in Ireland.

An Act for the Government of New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land.

An Act the title of which begins with the words *' An Act to repeal, " and ends with the words "relating to the Stamp Duties."

An Act ... to proride for the assessing and charging the Property Tax on Dividends payable out of the Revenue of Foreign States.

An Act to Transfer the Collection and Management of the Duties on Certificates to Bill Game in Ireland to the Commissioners of Excise.

An Act to assimilate the Stamp Duties in Great Britain and Ireland, and to make Regulations for collecting and managing the same.

An Act for abolishing certain Offices on the Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer in England, and for regulating the Office of Her Majesty's Remembrancer in that Court.

An Act to promote the Drainage of Lands, and Improvement of Navigation and Water Power in connexion with such Drainage, in Ireland.

An Act to amend an Act of the Fourth Year of Her present Majesty, to discontinue the Excise Survey on Tobacco, and to provide other Regulations in lieu thereof.

The University of Dublin Registration Act, 1842.

The Charitable Pawn Offices (Ireland) Act, 1842.

The Australian Constitutions Act, 1842.

The Railway Passenger Duty Act, 1842.

The Income Tax (Foreign Dividends) Act, 1842.

The Game Certificates (Ireland) Act, 1842.

The Stamp Duties (Ireland) Act, 1842.

The Exchequer Court Act, 1842.

The Drainage (Ireland) Act, 1842.

The Tobacco 1842.

Act,

1896.

Short Titles, 1896. Ch. 14.

123

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 94. ! An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Services i of the Ordnance Department, and, the vesting and Purchase of Lands | and Hereditaments for those, Services, and for the Defence and Security of the Realm. The Defence Act, 1842.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 97. An Act to amend the Law relating to Double Costs, Notices of . Action, Limitations of Actions, , and Pleas of the General Issue, j under certain Acts of Parliament. < The Limitations of Actions and Costs Act, 1842.

-5 & 6 Vict c. 98. An Act to amend the Laws concerning Prisons. The Prisons Act, 1842.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 103. - An Act for abolishing certain Offices of the High Court of Chancery in England. The Court of Chancery Act, 1842.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 104. - An Act to explain and amend certain enactments contained respectively in the Acts for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales, and in Ireland. The Municipal Corporations (Ireland) Act, 1842.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 106. - An Act to regulate the Irish Fisheries. The Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1842.

5 & 6 Vict c. 108. - An Act for enabling Ecclesiastical Corporations, aggregate and sole, to grant Leases for long Terms of Years. The Ecclesiastical Leasing Act, 1842. I

5 & 6 Vict c. 109. - An Act for the appointment and payment of Parish Constables. The Parish Constables Act, 1842.

6 & 6 Vict. c. 119. - An Act to enable Her Majesty to grant Furlough Allowances to the, Bishops of Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay, who shall return to j Europe for a limited Period after i residing in India a sufficient Time to entitle them to the highest Scale of Pension. The Indian Bishops Act, 1842.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 120. - An Act for amending the Constitution of the Government of Newfoundland. The Newfoundland Act, 1842. 1

5 & 6 Vict c. 123. An Act for amending the Law relating to Private Lunatic Asylums in Ireland. 1 ! The Private Lunatic Asylums (Ireland) Act, 1842.

124 Ch. 14.

Short Titles 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 7. An Act to amend the Law affecting transported Convicts with respect to Pardons and Tickets of Leave. ! The Transportation Act, 1843. !

6 & 7 Vict. c. 8. An Act to empower Justices of the Peace in Ireland to act in certain Cases relating to Rates to which they are chargeable. The Justices (Ireland) Act, 1843.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 12. An Act for the more convenient holding of Coroners Inquests. The Coroners Act, 1843.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 18. An Act to amend the Law for the Registration of Persons entitled to vote, and to define certain Rights of voting, and to regulate certain Proceedings in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for England and Wales. The Parliamentary Voters Registration Act, 1843.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 22. An Act to authorise the Legislatures of certain of Her Majesty's Colonies to pass Laws for the Admission, iu certain Cases, of unsworn Testimony in Civil and Criminal Proceedings. The (Colonies) Evi-! dence Act, 1843.

6 & 7 Vict c. 30. An Act to amend the Law relating to Pound'breach and Rescue in certain Cases. The Pound - breach Act, 1843.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 32. An Act to amend the Laws in force relating to Grand Jury Presentments in Counties of Cities and Towns in Ireland. The Grand Juries (Ireland) Act, 1843.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 36. An Act to exempt from County, Borough, Parochial, and other local Rates, Land and Buildings occupied by Scientific or Literary Societies. The Scientific Societies Act, 1843.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 37. An Act to make better Provision for the Spiritual Care of populous Parishes. The New Parishes, Act, 1843.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 38. An Act to make further Regula* tions for facilitating the hearing Appeals and other Matters by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. The Judicial Committee Act, 1843.

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896.

Ca 14. 125

[Short Title.]

Session aad Chapter. 1 Title.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 40. An Act to amend the Laws for the Prevention of Frauds and Abases by Persons employed in the Woollen, Worsted, Linen, Cotton, Fbuc, Mohair, and Silk Hosiery Manufactures; and for the further securing the Property of the Manufacturers and the Wages of the Workmen engaged therein. The Hosiery Act, 1843.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 4». - An Act ... for empowering Grand Juries in Ireland to present Bridges, and Tolls to be paid for passing the same, in certain Cases. The Bridges (Ireland) Act, 1843.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 54. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for extending, *' and ends with the words "and to explain and amend the said Act." The Limitation of Actions Act, 1843.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 66. An Act to enlarge the Provisions of an Act for preventing Frauds upon Creditors by secret Warrants of Attorney to confess Judgment. The Warrants of Attorney Act, 1843.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 68. 6 & 7 Vict. c. 73. An Act for regulating Theatres An Act for consolidating and amending several of the Laws relating to Attornies and Solicitors practising in England and Wales. The Theatres Act, 1843. The Solicitors Act, 1843.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 77. An Act for regulating the Cathedral Churches of Wales. The Welsh Cathedrals Act, 1843.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 79. An Act to carry into effect a Convention between Her Majesty and (he King of the French concerning the Fisheries in the Seas between the British Islands and France. The Sea Fisheries Act, 1813.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 82. An Act ... for amen<ling the Law relating to Commissions for the Examination of Witnesses. The Evidence by Commission Act, 1843.

C A 7 Vict. c. 85. An Act for improving the Law of Evidence. The Evidence Act, 1813.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 86. - An Act for regulating Hackney and Stage Carriages in and near London. 1 The London Hackney Carriages Act, 1843.

126 Ch. 14.

Short TitUi Act, 1806.

59 & 60 Vie*.

Session and Chapter. Title. 8bott Title.

6 £7 Vict c. 90.:All Act For itembving Doubts as to the Service of Clerks or Apprentices to Ptfblie Notaries, and for amending the Laws regulating the Aflansadn of Public Notaries. The Public Notaries Act, 1843.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 91. - An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws for the Regulation of Charitable Loan Societies in Ireland. The Charitable Loan Societies (Ireland) Act, 1843.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 92. - An Act for the further Amendment of an Act for the more effectual Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland. The Poor Relief (Ireland) Act, 1843.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 93. An Act to amend an Act of the Third and Fourth jears of Her present Majesty for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in Ireland. The Municipal Corporations (Ireland) Act, 1843.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 96. An Act to amend the Law respecting defamatory Words and Libel. The Libel Act, 1843.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 98. An Act for the more effectual Suppression of the Slave Trade. The Slave Trade Act, 1843.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 2. An Act for the more speedy Trial of Offences committed on the High Seas. The Admiralty Offences Act, 1844.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 12. An Act to amend the Law relating to International Copyright. The International Copyright Act, 1844.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 19. An Act for regulating the Bailiffs of Inferior Courts. The Inferior Courts Act, 1844.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 22. An Act to amend the Laws now in force for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the marking of Gold and Silver Wares in England. The Gold and Silver Wares Act, 1844.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 25. An Act to repeal the Duty of Excise on Vinegar. The Vinegar Act, 1844.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 29. - An Act to extend an Act of the Ninth Year of King George the Fourth, for the more effectual Prevention of Persons going armed by night for the Destruction of Game. The Night Poaching Act, 1844.

1806.

Short ^Titles 1896.

Ci 14. m:

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Tide.

7ft 8 Vict. c. 32. An Act to regulate" the Ifestta of Bank Notes, and for* giving to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England certain Privileges for a limited Period. The Bank Charter* Act, 1844.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 33. An Act for facilitating the Collection of County Rates, and for relieving High Constables from Attendance at Quarter Sessions in certain Cases, and from certain other duties. The County Rates Act, 1844.

7 ft 8 Vict. c. 37. - An Act to secure the Terms on which Grants are made by Her Majesty out of the Parliamentary Grant for the Education of the Poor; and to explain the Act of the Fifth Year of the Fegn of Her present Majesty, for the conveyance of Sites for Schools. The School Sites Act, 1844.

7 ft 8 Vict. c. 44. An Act to facilitate the disjoining or dividing of extensive or populous Parishes, and the erecting of new Parishes, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland. The New Parishes (Scotland) Act, 1844.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 45. An Act for the regulation of Suits relating to Meeting Houses and other property held for religious purposes by Persons dissenting from the Church of England and Ireland. The Nonconformists Chapels Act, 1844.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 47. An Act to amend certain Acts relating to Linen, Hempen, and other Manufactures in Ireland. The Linen Manufactures (Ireland) Act, 1844.

7 ft 8 Vict c. 49. An Act for the better Regulation of Colonial Posts. The Post Office (Duties) Act, 1844.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 52. An Act to extend the powers of the Act for the Appointment and Payment of Parish Constables. The Parish Constables

Short Titles Act, 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

128

Ch. 14.

Session and Chapter. Title. Short Tide.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 56. An Act concerning Banns and Marriages in certain district Churches or Chapels. The Church Building (Banns and Marriages) Act, 1844.

7 & 8 Vict c. 59. An Act for better regulating the Offices of Lecturers and Parish Clerks. The Lecturers and Parish Clerks Act, 1844.

7 AS Vict c. 60. An Act to provide for the Care and Preservation of Trafalgar Square in the City of Westminster. The Trafalgar Square Act, 1844.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 61. An Act to annex detached Parts of Counties to the counties in which they are situated. The Counties (De-. tached Parts) Act, 1844.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 68. An Act to suspend . the Operation of the new Arrangement of Dioceses, so far as it affects the existing Ecclesiastical Jurisdictions, and for obtaining Returns from and the Inspection of the Registries of such Jurisdictions. The Ecclesiastical Courts Act, 1844.

7 & 8 Vict c. 69. An Act for amending an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled t(An Act for the better Adminis-utration of Justice in His Majesty's Privy Council "; and to extend its Jurisdiction and Powers. The Judicial Committee Act, 1844.

7 & 8 Vict c. 71. - An Act for the better Administration of Criminal Justice in Middlesex. The Middlesex Sessions Act, 1844.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 74. An Act to explain and amend the Act for the Government of New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land. The Australian Constitutions Act, 1844.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 81. An Act for Marriages in Ireland; and for registering such Marriages. The Marriages (Ireland) Act, 1844.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 83. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Savings Banks, and to purchase of Government Annuities. 1 . ! The Savings Rank Act, 1844. led by

1896.

SkoH Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 129

Session end Chapter.

[Short Title.]

7 & 8 Vict. c. 85.

7 & 8 Vict c. 80.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 87.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 89.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 90.

7 A3 Vict c. 92.

An Act to attach certain Conditions to the Construction of future Railways authorized or to be authorized by any Act of the present or succeeding Sessions of Parliament; and for other Purposes in relation to Railways.

An Act for the Relief of Clerks to AttornieR and Solicitors,

and for amending the Law relating . to the Disabilities of

such Clerks, in certain Cases.

An Act to amend the Law for regulating Places kept for slaughtering Horses.

An Act for auditing the Accounts of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings.

An Act the title of which begins with tho words " An Act for the Protection, " and ends with the words "and the Limitation of Actions."

An Act to amend the Law respecting the Office of County Coroner.

The Railway Regulation Act, 1844.

The Solicitors (Clerks) Act, 1844.

The Knackers Act, 1844.

The Commissioners of Woods (Audit) Act, 1844.

The Judgments (Ireland) Act, 1844.

The Coroners Act, 1844.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 94.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 95.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 96.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 97.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 101.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 106.

- An Act to explain and amend an

Act for making better Provision for the Spiritual Cure of populous Parishes.

An Act to amend an Act of the Ninth Year of King George the Fourth for the Preservation of the Salmon Fisheries in Scotland.

An Act to amend the Law of . Execution.

An Act for the more effectual Application of Charitable Donations and Bequests in Ireland.

- An Act for the further Amendment

of the Laws relating to the Poor in England.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws for tho Regulation of Grand Jury Presentments in the County of Dublin.

The New Parishes Act, 1844.

The Salmon Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1844.

The Execution Act, 1844.

The Charitable Donations and Bequests (Ireland) Act, 1844.

The Poor Law Amendment Act, 1844.

The County Dublin Grand Jury Act, 1844.

‘$80 Ch. 14.

Short Title* Act, 1888.

69 & 60 Tiei.

Sesriorun* 'Chapter. Title. Short Tifia.

7 & 8:Vict. C. H>7. - An Act to ragulata aid reduce the Expences oir the Offices attached to *the Superior Courts of Law in I reUndr payable out of the ComoltdaM'^oud. The Common Law

V Offices (Ireland) Act, 1844.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 108. - An Act to amend an Act of the Sixth Year of Her present Majesty, intituled "An Act to " regulate the Irish Fisheries, *and to empower the Constabulary Force to enforce " certain Provisions rejecting " the Irish Fisheries.'* The Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1844.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 10. An Act to make certain Provisions The Bastardy Act,

for Proceedings in Bastardy. 1845.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 16. An Act ... to impose a new Duty on the Licence to be taken out by all Auctioneers in the United Kingdom. The Auctioneers Act, 1845.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 26. An Act to prevent fishing for Trout or other Fresh-water Fish by Nets in the Rivers and Waters in Scotland. The Trout (Scotland) Act, 1845.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 28. An Act to empower Canal Companies and the Commissioners of Navigable Rivers to vary their Tolls, Rates, and Charges on different parts of their Navigations. The Canal Tolls Act, 1845.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 35. An Act to simplify the Form and diminish the Expence of obtaining Infeftment in Heritable Property in Scotland. The Infeftment Act, 1845.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 87. An Act to regulate the Issue of Bank Notes in Ireland, and to regulate the Repayment of certain Sums advanced by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland for the Public Service. The Bankers (Ireland) Act, 1845.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 38. An Act to regulate the Issue of The Bank Notes

Bank Notes in Scotland. (Scotland) Act, 1845.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 39. An Act to amend the Law of Arrestment of Wages in Scotland. The Wages Arrestment (Scotland) Act, 1845.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 42. An Act to enable Canal Companies to become Carriers of Goods upon their Canals. r Digit The Canal Carriers Act, 1845. zed by

189ft >

SHort TMmJLst, 180ft

Ch. 14 181

Session and Chapter. Tide. Short

8 & 9 Vict. 46. An Act for/.the^appeinm^qtt of additional Constable *, for Ceding the Peace new Public Works in Ireland^ w. .h , The $^lCppa*#» (Ireland; Act, 1845.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 56. An Act to alter* fchd iftoeirtf an Act passed in the Third and Fourth Year of the lteign of Her present Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled " An Act to enable the Ownfcnr " of Settled Estates t:> dfefray the " Expences of draining the same " by way of Mortgage." The Land Drainage Act, 1845.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 63. An Act to facilitate the Completion of a Geological-Survey «of Great Britain and Ireland, under the Direction of the:First Commissioner for the time being of Her Majesty's Woods and Works. The Geological Survey Act, 1845.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 64. An Act to amend certain Regulations respecting the Retail of Spirits in Ireland. The Spirits (Ireland) Act, 1845.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 66. An Act to enable Her Majesty to endow new Colleges for the Advancement of Learning in Ireland. The Queen's Colleges (Ireland) Act, 1845.

8 A & Vict. c. 69. An Act to amend an Act of the Sixth Year of Her present Majesty, for promoting the Drainage of Lands, and Improvement of Navigation and Water Power in connexion with such Drainage, in Ireland. The Drainage (Ireland) Act, 1845.

8 & 9 Vict c. 70. An Act for the further Amendment of the Church Building Acts. The Church Building Act, 1845.

8 & 9 Vict c. 71. An Act to extend certain Provisions in the Act for consolidating and amending the Laws relating to Highways in England. The Highway Act, 1845.

8 & 9 Vict c. 74. An Act to amend an Act of the Seventh Year of King William the Fourth, for prerenting the advertising of Foreign and other illegal Lotteries. ... The Lotteries Act, 1845.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 75. - | ' t An Act to amend an Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled "An Act to amend - the " Law; respecting* defamatory " words and libel." The Libel Act, 1845.

132 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 76. An Act to increase the Stamp Duty on Licences to Appraisers; . to amend the Lair relating to the Duties on Legacies; and also to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for regulating the Issue of Bank Notes in England. The Revenue Act, 1845.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 77. An Act to make further Regulations respecting the Tickets of Work to be delivered to Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hosiery in certain Cases. The Hosiery Act, 1845.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 80. An Act for regulating the Criminal Jurisdiction of Assistant Barristers as to certain Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns in Ireland. The Quarter Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1845.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 81. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session, for consolidating and amending the Laws for the Regulation of Grand Jury Presentments in the County of Dublin. The Grand Jury (Dublin) Act, 1845.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 83. An Act for the Amendment and better Administration of the Laws relating to the Relief of the Poor in Scotland. The Poor Law (Scotland) Act, 1845.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 96. An Act to restrict the Powers of selling or leasing Railways contained in certain Acts of Parliament relating to such Railways. The Railway (Sales and Leases) Act, 1845.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 99. An Act the title of which begins; with the words "An Act to amend an Act of the Tenth " Year of His late Majesty, " and ends with the words "relating to " the said Land Revenue." The Crown Lands Act, 1845.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 106. - An Act to amend the Law of Real Property. The Real Property Act, 1845.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 107. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the " Establishment of a Central " Asylum, " and ends with the words u District Lunatic Asylum." The Central Criminal Lunatic Asylum (Ireland) Act, 1845.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 108. - An Act for the further Amendment of an Act of the Sixth Year of Her present Majesty, for regulating t ho Irish Fisheties. Dig The Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1845.

1896

Short Titles, 1896. Ch. 14. m

Season and Chapter.

Title.

[Short Title.]

8 & 9 Vict. C. 109.

* An Act to amend the Law concerning Games and Wagers.

The Gaming Act, 1845.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 112.

- An Act to render the Assignment of satisfied Terms unnecessary.

The Satisfied Terras Act, 1815.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 113.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 114. 8 & 9 Vict c. 115.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 117.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 118.

- An Act to facilitate the Admission

in Evidence of certain official and other Documents.

- An Act for the abolition of certain

Fees in Criminal Proceedings.

- An Act for ths Appointment of a

Taxing Master for the High Court of Chancery in Ireland.

- An Act to amend the Laws relating

to the Removal of poor Persons born in Scotland, Ireland, the Islands of Man, Scilly, Jersey, or Guernsey, and chargeable in England.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to facilitate the Inclosure, and ends with the words "Powers in certain cases.

The Evidence Act, 1845.

The Gaol Fees Abolition Act, 1845.

The Chancery Taxing Master (Ireland) Act, 1845.

The Poor Removal Act, 1845.

The Inclosure Act, 1845.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 124. 8 & 9 Vict. c. 127.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 128.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 1. 0 & 10 Vict. c. 2.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 3 *

- An Act to facilitate the granting of certain Leases.

- An Act for the better securing the Payment of Small Debts.

- An Act to make further Regulations respecting the Tickets of Work to be delivered to Silk Weavers in certain Cases.

- An Act for the further Amendment of the Acts for the Extension and Promotion of Public Works in Ireland.

- An Act ... to provide for the more prompt Payment of Contractors for Works under Grand Jury Presentments in Ireland.

- An Act to encourage the Sea Fisheries of Ireland, by promoting and aiding with Grants of public Money the Construction of Piers, Harbours, and other I Works.

The Leases Act, 1845.

The Small Debts Act, 1845.

The Silk Weavers Act, 1845.

The Public Works (Ireland) (No. 1) Act, 1846.

The County Works (Ireland) Act, 1846.

The Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1846.

184 Gh.14.

&h&HWmesAd, 1886:

59 & 60 Vict.

Session and: Chapter.

8 A10 VS *, c. 4.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 17. 9 & 10 Vict. c. 20.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 24.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 83.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 87.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 48. 9 & 10 Vict. c. 57.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 59. 9 & 10 Vict. c. 60.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 66. 9 & 10 Vict. c. 67.

Tide.

Short Tide.

- An Act the title of which tegfas with the -words -"An Act* to " amend the Acts for prompting " the Drainage of Lands, " and ends with the words-"Drainage " during the present Year."

The Dwinagtfflreland) Act, l&2T

- An Act for the Abolition of the The Burgh Trading exclusive Privilege of trading in Act, 1846.

Burghs in Scotland.

- An Act to amend an Act of the

second year of Her present Majesty, for providing for the custody of certain moneys paid, in pursuance of the Standing Orders of either House of Parliament, by subscribers to works or undertakings to be effected under the authority of Parliament.

- An Act for removing some Defects

in the Administration of Criminal

J ustio9.

- An Act to amend the Laws relating to Corresponding Societies, and the licensing of Lecture Booms.

- An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Office of Coroner and the Expenses of Inquests in Ireland.

- An Act for legalizing Art Unions

- An Act for regulating the Gauge of Railways.

- An Act to relieve Her Majesty's Subjects from certain Penalties and Disabilities in regard to Religious Opinions.

- An Act to exempt from Stamp Duty

Bonds and Warrants to confess Judgment executed by High Constablos or Collectors of Grand Jury Cess, or their Sureties, in Ireland.

The Parliamentary ' Deposits Act, 1846.

The Central Criminal Court Act, 1846.

The Seditious Meeting Act, 1846.

The Coroners (Ireland) Act, 1846.

The Art Unions Act, 1846.

The Railway Regulation (Gauge) Act, 1846.

The Religious Disabilities Act, 1846.

The Grand Jury Cess . Act, 1846.

- An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Removal'of the Poor;

The Poor Removal Act, 1846.

An Act to remove Doubts concerning-Citations, and Seprjeaa and Execution igenosy in Scotland.

The Citations (Scotland) Act, 1846.

1808.

Shmi JhtieB-Act, 189&

Cfl. 14.

185

Bcaaion mi Chapter. urn. BhMt'ttfe- .

9 & 10 Vict. c. 08. An Act> far fetter* untillag the Buriftl4fe*ife»4*.to performed in . Ono Chapel. mkre contiguous Btmel Grounds:nfeU have been . provided for tmonmons Buddies or Places. The Church Httflting (Burial Service in Chapels) Act, 1846.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 70. An Act to amend the Act to facilitate the Inclosure and Improve- ' ment of Oommons. The Inclosure Act, 1846.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 72. - An Act to amend the Act for Marriages in Ireland, and* for registering puch Marriages. The Marriages (Ireland) Act, 1846.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 73. An Act further to amend the Acts for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales. The Tithe Act, 1846.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 74. - An Act to encourage the Establishment of pnbtio Baths and Washhouses. The Baths and Washhouses Act, 1846.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 76. - An Act for the Abolition of the exclusive Privilege of Trading, or of regulating Trades, in Cities, Towns, or Boroughs in Ireland. The Exclusive Trading (Ireland) Act, 1846.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 77. - An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Offices of the House of Commons. The House of Commons Offices Act, 1846.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 86. - An Act to extend and consolidate the Powers hitherto exercised by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland and to appoint additional Commissioners. The Public Works (Ireland) (No. 2) Act, 1846.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 87. - An Act for promoting the voluntary Establishment in Boroughs and certain Cities and Towns in Ireland of public Baths and Washhouses. The Baths and Washhouses (Ireland) Act, 1846.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 88. - An Act to remove Doubts as to the Legality of certain Assignments of Ecclesiastical Patronage. The Church Patronage Act^ 1840.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 90. - An Act to prevent the Use of Stills by unlicensed Persons. The Still Licences Act, 1846;

9 & 10 Vict. c. 93. - An Act for compensating the Familiea ofi. Persons Killed ..by Accident.; The Fatal Accidents Act, 1846. i VjC

136 Ch. 14.

Short Titles, 1896.

59 & 60VICI.

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

9 & 10 Vict. c. 97.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to provide for removing the Charge of the Constabulary," and ends with the words "of the said Constabulary Force."

The Constabulary (Ireland) Act, 1846.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 101.

An Act to authorize the Advance of Public Money to a limited Amount, to promote the Improvement of Land in Great Britain and Ireland by Works of Drainage.

The Public Money Drainage Act, 1846.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 111.

An Act to amend the Law in Ireland as to Ejectments and Distresses, and as to the Occupation of Lands.

The Ejectment and Distress (Ireland) Act, 1846.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 112.

An Act to facilitate and encourage The Leases (Ireland) the granting of certain Leases Act, 1846. for Terms of Tears in Ireland.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 115.

- An Act to amend the Laws as to The Lunatic Asylums District Lunatic Asylums in (Ireland) Act, 1846. Ireland.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 4.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 11.

- An Act for abolishing Poundage

on Chelsea Pensions.

- An Act to explain and amend the

Act authorizing the Advance of Money for the Improvement of Land by Drainage in Great Britain.

The Chelsea Pensions (Abolition of Poundage) Act, 1847.

The Pub lie Money Drainage Act, 1847.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 21.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 28. 10 & 11 Vict. c. 31.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 32.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 33.

10 & 11 Vict. c, 88.

- An Act to regulate the Stations of Soldiers during Parliamentary Elections.

The Parliamentary Elections (Soldiers) Act, 1847.

- An Act to amend the Acts relating to County Buildings.

The County Buildings Act, 1847.

- An Act to make further Provision The Poor Relief (Ire* for the Relief of the destitute land) Act, 1847. Poor in Ireland.

An Act to facilitate the Improvement of Landed Property in Ireland.

The Landed Property Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1847.

An Act to amend the Laws relating The Poor Removal to the Removal of poor Persons Act, 1847. from England and Scotland.

An Act to facilitate the Drainage of Lands in England and Wales.

The Land Draioage

Di^tizecf4^Gft$>g I

1896.

Short Titles, 1896

Ch. 14. 137

Session and Chapter.

Title.

[Short Title.]

10 & 11 Vict c. 42.

An Act to transfer the Collection and Management of the Duties in respect of Stage Carriages, Hackney Carriages, and Railway Passengers from the Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes to the Commissioners of Excise.

The Railway Passenger Duty Act, 1847.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 46.

- An Act to facilitate the temporary The Settled Land Investment of Trust Monies in (Ireland) Act, 1847. the Improvement of Landed Property in Ireland.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 52.

- An Act for the Correction of certain Abuses which have frequently prevailed at the Elections of Representative Peers for Scotland.

The Representative Peers (Scotland) Act, 1847.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 61.

- An Act to amend the Act for the The Baths and Wash-Establishment of public Baths houses Act, 1847. and Washhouses.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 62.

- An Act for the Establishment of The Naval Deserters Naval Prisons, and for the Pre- Act, 1847. vention of Desertion from Her Majesty's Navy.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 63.

An Act for limiting the Time of The Royal Marines Service in the Royal Marine Act, 1847.

Forces.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 67.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 72.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 79.

- 1 An Act to amend the Law as to the I Custody of Offenders.

- j An Act for the further Amendment ! of the Laws relating to Turn-! pike Roads in South Wales.

The Transportation Act, 1847.

The South Wales Turnpike Roads Act, 1847.

- An Act to continue for a limited Time the Provisions for summary Proceedings contained in an Act of the last Session to amend the Acts for promoting the Drainage of Lands, and for other Purposes; and to amend the said Act.

The Drainage (Ireland) Act, 1847.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 84.

An Act to make Provision for the Punishment of Vagrants and Persons offending against the Lftws in force for the Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland.

The Vagrancy (Ireland) Act, 1847.

138- Ok Ul>

Short Titles Acstr 1606/-

59 & 60 ViClL

SflMioa and-Chapter. | ttmrt/Zkfa.

Ky& iiiVicl. ^85. - An Act forgiving, lath* FScih> - tin for the TmnamiiMoii of Letters by Poet »d for thoregula- araf for other PntpSaS*r slating to the Poet (Mice. The .Port Office. (Duties) Act, 1847.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 90. - An Act to provide for the Execution of the Laws for Belief of the Poor in Ireland. The Poor Belief (Ireland) (No. 2) Act, 1847.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 91. - An Act to increase the Nun'ber of Trustees for the Herring Fishery, and to direct the Application of the Funds granted for the Promotion of Manufactures and Improvements, in Scotland. The Manufactures Improvement Fund (Scotland) Act, 1847.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 92. -10 & 11 Vict c. 94. - An Act for the Protection of Mussel Fisheries in Scotland. An Act to amend an Act to enable Canal Companies to become Carriers upon their Canals. The Mussel Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1847. The Canal (Carriers) Act, 1847.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 95. - An Act to amend the Law relating to the Protection in the Colonies of Works entitled to Copyright in the United Kingdom. The Colonial Copyright Act, 1847.

10 & 11 Vict c. 98. - An Act to amend the Law as to Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction in England. The Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction Act, 1847.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 100. - An Act to regulate the Superannuation Allowances of the Constabulary Force in Ireland and the Dublin Metropolitan Police. The Irish Constabulary Act, 1847.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 104. - An Act to explain the Acts for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales, and to continue the Officers appointed under the said Acts until the first day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. The Tithe Act, 1847.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 108. - An Act for establishing the Bishoprick of Manchester, and amending certain Acts relating to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England. c The Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1847. by

1896.

Short TUUs Act, 1899.

Cfc 1« 189

10 & H Vic *, c. ioe:

10 & 11 Vict. C. 111.

10*11 Vict. c. 118.

11 12 Vict. c. 12.

11 *12 Vict. c. 13. -11 & 12 Vict. c. 21.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 25.

11 12 Vict. c. SO.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 26.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 28.

11 12 Vict. c. 29.

Aii ‘ A&rfftr'' the' Administration of the Ltwi for Belief of the Poor in England.

An Act to extend the Provisions of the Act tar the Inclosure and Improvement of Commons.

An Act to facilitate the Drainage of Lands in Scotland

An Act for the fetter Security of the Crown and Government of the United Kingdom.

An Act for amending the Law for the leasing of Mines in Ireland.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Insolvent Debtors in India.

An Act to extend the Powers given by former Acts for purchasing or hiring Land in connexion with or for the Use of Workhouses in Ireland; and Cor providing for the Burial of the Poor.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to remove Difficulties, " and ends with the words "and other Cases."

An Act to amend the Law of Imprisonment for Debt in Ireland, and to improve the Remedies for the Recovery of Debts and of the Possession of Tenements situate in Cities and Towns in certain Cases.

An Act to enable Persons having a Bight to kill Hares in England and Wales to do so, by themselves or Persons authorised by them, without being required to take out a Game Certificate.

An Act to enable all Persons having at present a Bight to kill Hares in Scotland to do so themselves, or by Persons authorised by them, without being required to take out a Game Certificate.

The' Poor Law* Board Act, 1847.

The Inclosure Act, 1847.

The Land (Scotland) Act, 1847.

The Treason Polony Act, 1848.

The Mining Leases (Ireland) Act, 1848.

The Indian Insolvency Act, 1848.

The Poor Relief (Ireland) Act, 1848.

The Grand Jury Cess (Ireland) Act, 1848.

The Execution (Ireland) Act, 1848.

The Hares Act, 1848.

The Hares (Scotland) Act, 1848.

140 Ch. 14.

Short Titles, 1806.

59 & 60 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Tide.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 81. - An Act to amend the Procedure in respect of Orders for the Removal of the Poor in England and Wale?, and Appeals therefrom. The Poor Law Procedure Act, 1848.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 32. - An Act to facilitate the Collection of County Cess in Ireland. The County Cess (Ireland) Act, 1848.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 86. - An Act for the Amendment of the Law of Entail in Scotland. The Entail Amendment Act, 1848.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 37. - An Act to amend the Law relative to the Assignment of Ecclesiastical Districts. The Church Building Act, 1848.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 42. - An Act to facilitate the Performance of the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Sessions within England and Wales with respect to persons charged with indictable Offences. The Indictable Offences Act, 1848.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 43. - An Act to facilitate the Performance of the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Sessions within England and Wales, with respect to summary Convictions and Orders. The Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1848.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 44. - An Act to protect Justices of the Peace from vexatious Actions for Acts done by them in execution of their Office* The Justices Protection Act, 1848.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 46. - An Act for the Removal of Defects in the Administration of Criminal Justice. The Criminal Procedure Act, 1848.

11 & 12 Vict c. 47. - An Act for the Protection and Relief of the destitute Poor evicted from their Dwellings in Ireland. The Eviction (Ireland) Act, 1848.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 56. - An Act for consolidating the Offices of Paymasters of Exchequer Bills and Paymaster of Civil Services with the Office of Paymaster General, and for making other Provisions in regard to the consolidated Offices. The Paymaster General Act, 1848.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 69. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to repeal/* and ends with the words "in respect of Robbery.'* The Malicious Injuries (Ireland) Act, 1848. by

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896.

Ch. 14. 141

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter, j 1 r*- Title.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 72. - An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Constabulary Force in Ireland, and to amend the Provisions for the Payment of Special Constables. The Constabulary (Ireland) Act, 1848.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 78. - An Act for the further Amendment of the Administration of the Criminal Law. The Crown Cases Act, 1848.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 79. - An Act to facilitate and simplify Procedure in the Court of Justiciary in Scotland. The Justiciary (Scotland) Act, 1848.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 80. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to empower, " and ends with the words "upon such Property in Ireland." The Tithe Rentcharge (Ireland) Act, 1848.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 82. - An Act to amend the Law for the Formation of Districts for the Education of Infant Poor. The Poor Law (Schools) Act, 1848.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 83. - ! An Act to confirm the Awards of | Assessionable Manors Commissioners, and for other Purposes I relating to the Duchies of Cornwall and Lancaster. The Assessionable Manors Award Act, 1848.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 87. - An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the First Year of His late Majesty King William 1 the Fourth intituled " An Act for " consolidating and amending the " Laws for facilitating the Payment of Debts out of Beal " Estate." The Debts Recovery Act, 1848.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 88. - An Act for further regulating the Money Order Department of the Post Office. The Post Office (Money Orders) Act, 1848.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 90. -11 & 12 Vict. c. 91. - An Act to regulate the Times of Payment of Bates and Taxes by Parliamentary Electors. An Act to make Provision for the Payment of Parish Debts, the Audit of Parochial and Union Accounts, and the Allowance of certain Charges therein. The Parliamentary Elections Act, 1848. The Poor Law Audit Act, 1848.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 92. - An Act for the Protection and Improvement of the Salmon, Trout, and other Inland Fisheries of Ireland. The Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1848.

142 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1890.

59 & 60 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 99. - 1 An Act to further extend the Provisions of the Act for the Inclosare and Improvement of Commons. (The Inclosure Act, 1848.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 101. - An Act to provide for the Expenses of erecting and maintaining Lockup Houses on the Borders of Counties. The Lock-up Houses Act, 1848.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 102. -; An Act the title of which begins | with the words "An Act to 1 enlarge the Powers, " and ends with the words "of Her Majesty's Woods." The Crown Lauda Act, 1848.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 110. - | An Act to alter the Provisions, relating to the Charges for the Belief of the Poor in Unions. The Poor Law Amendment Act, 1848.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 111. - An Act to amend an Act of the Tenth Year of Her present Majesty, for amending the Laws relating to the Removal of the Poor. The Poor Removal Act, 1848.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 113. - An Act for the further Amendment of the Acts relating to the Dublin 1 Police. The Dublin Police Act, 1848.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 118. - j An Act to explain and amend the ! Law as to the Licence required i for the letting of Post Horses to Hire in Ireland, and the Law | respecting Proceedings for Duties and Penalties under the Post Horse, Stage, and Hackney Carriage Acts in the United . Kingdom. The Excise Act, 1848.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 119 - | An Act to simplify the Forms of Certificates under the Act authorizing the Advance of Money for the Improvement of Laud by Drainage in Great Britain. The Public Money Drainage Act, 1848.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 12a - An Act to facilitate the Transfer of ! Landed Property in Ireland. The Land Transfer (Ireland).

11 & 12 Vict. c. 121. - i An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to alter the Laws, " and ends with the words "under the Laws of Excise." 1 Die The Liqueur Act, 1848.

1896.

Short Titles Act, 1896.

Ob. 14. 143

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title. 1

11 & 12 Vict. c. 122. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend the Laws, " and ends with the words "from Customs Warehouse." The Bonded Warehouses Act, 1848.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 182. - An Act for the Appointment of additional Taxing Masters for the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, and to regulate the Appointment of the Principal Assistants to the Masters in the Superior Courts of Law in | Ireland. The Taxing Masters (Ireland) Act, 1848.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 1. - j j An Act to consolidate the Boards ' of Excise and Stamps and Taxes | into One Board of Commissioners 1 of Inland Revenue, and to make 1 Provision for the Collection of such Revenue. The Inland Revenue Board Act, 1849.

i 12 & 13 Vict. c. 4. - ! An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Appointment of Vice-Guardians of Unions in Ireland. The Guardians (Ireland) Act, 1849.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 8. An Act to remove Doubts as to | the Appointment of Overseers in 1 Cities and Boroughs. The Poor Law (Overseers) Act, 1849.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 13. - ! An Act to provide a more effectual | Regulation and Control over the i Maintenance of Poor Persons in Houses not being the Workhouses of any Union or Parish. The Poor Relief Act, 1849.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 14. - 1 An Act to enable Overseers of the Poor and Surveyors of the Highways to recover the Costs of distraining for Rates. The Distress for Rates Act, 1849.

i 12 & 13 Vict. c. 16. - ! 1 An Act to protect Justices of the Peace in Ireland from vexatious Actions for Acts done by them in the Execution of their Office. The Justices Protection . (Ireland) Act, 1849.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 18. - | i ! An Act for the holding of Petty Sessions of the Peace in Boroughs, and for providing Places for the holding of such Petty Sessions in Counties and Boroughs. The Petty Sessions Act, 1849.

144 Ch. 14.

Short Titles, 1896.

59 & 60 VICT.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Tide.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 25. - An Act for giving effect to the Stipulations of a Treaty between Her Majesty and the Queen of Portugal for the Apprehension of certain Deserters. The Portuguese Deserters Act, 1849.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 26. - An Act for granting Belief against Defects in Leases made under Powers of Leasing, in certain Cases. The Leases Act, 1849.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 27. - An Act to remove Doubts concerning the Transportation of Offenders under Judgment of Death to whom Mercy may be extended in Ireland. The Transportation (Ireland) Act, 1849.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 34. - An Act to amend an Act regulating the Justice of the Peace Small Debt Courts in Scotland. The Justices of the Peace Small Debt (Scotland) Act, 1849.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 45. - An Act to amend the Procedure in Courts of General and Quarter Sessions of the Peace in England and Wales, and for the better Advancement of Justice in Cases within the jurisdiction of those Courts. The Quarter Session! Act, 1849.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 48. - An Act to provide for the Administration of Justice in Vancouver's Island. The Vancouver's Island Act, 1849.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 49. - An Act to extend and explain the provisions of the Acts for the granting of Sites for Schools. The School Sites Act, 1849.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 50. - An Act for further amending the Laws relating to Sewers. The Sewers Act, 1849.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 51. - An Act for the better Protection of the Property of Pupils, absent Persons, and Persons under Mental Incapacity In Scotland. The Judicial Factors Act, 1849.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 53. - An Act for consolidating and amending several of the Laws relating to Attornies and Solicitors in Ireland. The Solicitors (Ireland) Act, 1849.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 59. - An Act to amend an Act of the Tenth Year of Her Majesty, for facilitating the Improvement of Landed Property in Ireland. The Landed Property, Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1849.

1896,

Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 145

Session and Chapter. Title. Short Tide.

12 & 18 Vict. c. 64. - An Act to remove Doubts as to the Authority of Justices of the Peace to act in certain Matters relating to the Poor in Cities and Boroughs. The Poor Law (Justices Jurisdiction) Act, 1849.

12 & 13 Vict c. 66. - An Act for enabling Colonial Legislatures to establish Inland Posts. The Colonial Inland Post Office Act, 1849.

12 & IS Vict. c. 67. - An Act to extend the Remedies of Sequestrators of Ecclesiastical Benefices. The Sequestration Act, 1849.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 69. - An Act to facilitate the Performance of the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Quarter Sessions in Ireland with respect to Persons charged with Indictable Offences. The Indictable Offences (Ireland) Act, 1849.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 72. - An Act further to amend the Acts relating to the Offices of the House of Commons. The House of Commons Offices Act, 1849.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 83. - An Act further to facilitate the Inclosure of Commons, and the Improvement of Commons and other Lands. The Inclosure Act, 1849.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 85. - An Act to amend an Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in Ireland, so far as relates to the borough of Dublin. The Dublin Corporation Act, 1849.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 89. - An Act to reduce the number of signatures required to Instruments issued by the Lords of the Treasury. The Treasury Instruments (Signature) Act, 1849.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 90. - An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Customs. The Customs Act, 1849.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 92. - An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. The Cruelty to Animals Act, 1849.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 95. - An Act to amend the Law concerning Judgments in Ireland. The Judgments (Ireland) Act, 1849.

12 & 18 Vict. c. 96. - I An Act to provide for the Prosecution and Trial in Her Majesty's Colonies of Offences committed within the Jurisdic- ‘ tion of the Admiralty. J The Admiralty Offences (Colonial) Act, 1849.

146 . Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 103. - An Act to contimie an Act of the last Session of Parliament* for charging the Maintenance of certain poor Persons in Unions upon the Common Fund; and to make certain Amendments in the Laws for the Relief of the Poor. The Poor Law Amendment Act, 1849.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 104. - An Act to amend the Acts for the more effectual Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland. The Poor Relief (Ireland) Act, 1849.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 100. - An Act to amend an Act to regulate certain Offices in the Petty Bag in the High Court of Chancery, the Practice of the Common Law Side of that Court, and the Enrolment Office of the said Court. The Petty Bag Act, 1849.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 4. - An Act for requiring the Transmission of annual Abstracts of Accounts and Statements of Trustees or Commissioners of Turnpike Roads and Bridges in Ireland to the Lord Lieutenant, to be laid before Parliament. The Bridges (Ireland) Act, 1850.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 7. - An Act for consolidating the Office of the Registrar of Metropolitan Public Carriages with the Office of Commissioners of Police of the Metropolis, and making other Provisions in regard to the consolidated Offices. The London Hackney Carriages Act, 1850.

18 & 14 Vict. c. 17. - An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting Relief against Defects in Leases made under Powers of Leasing. The Leases Act, 1850.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 20. - An Act to amend an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her present Majesty, for the Appointment and Payment of Parish Constables. The Parish Constables Act, 1850.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 26. - An Act to repeal an Act of the Sixth Year of King George the Fourth, for encouraging the capture or Destruction of Piratical Ships and Vessels, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof. The Piracy Act, 1850. ed

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 147

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 28. - | An Act to render more simple and effectual the Titles by which Congregations or Societies for Purposes of Religious Worship or Education in England and Ireland hold Property for such Purposes. The Trustee Appointment Act, 1850.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 29. - An Act to amend the Laws concerning Judgments in Ireland. The Judgment Mortgage (Ireland) Act, 1850.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 81. - An Act to authorize further Advances of Money for Drainage and the Improvement of Landed Property in the United Kingdom, and to amend the Acts relating to such Advances. The Public Money Drainage Act, 1850.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 36. - An Act to facilitate Procedure in the Court of Session in Scotland. The Court of Session Act, 1850.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 39. - An Act for the better Government of Convict Prisons. The Convict Prisons Act, 1850.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 43. - An Act to amend the Practice and Proceedings of the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of Lancaster. The Court of Chancery of Lancaster Act, 1850.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 57. - An Act to prevent the holding of Vestry or other Meetings in Churches, and for regulating the Appointment of Vestry Clerks. The Vestries Act, 1850.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 59. - An Act for the better Government of Her Majesty's Australian Colonies. The Australian Constitutions Act, 1850.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 67. - An Act to reduce the Duty of Excise on Sugar manufactured in the United Kingdom, and to impose a countervailing Duty on Sugar used in the brewing of Beer for Sale; and also to amend the Laws relating to the Licences granted to Brewers and Distillers. The Brewers' Licensing Act, 1850.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 68. - An Act to shorten the Duration of Elections in Ireland, and for establishing additional Places for taking the Poll thereat The Parliamentary Elections (Ireland) Act, 1850.

148 Ch. 14.

59 & 60 Vict.

Short Titles Act, 1896.

[Short Title.]

Swoon and Chapter. Title.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 69. - An Act to amend the Laws which regulate the Qualification and Registration of Parliamentary Voters in Ireland, and to alter the Law for rating immediate lessors of Premises to. the Poor Rate in certain Boroughs. The Representation of the People (Ireland) Act, 1850.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 72. - An Act to amend the Laws for the Registration of Assurances of Lands in Ireland. The Registration of Assurances (Ireland) Act, 1850.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 73. - An Act to amend the Law relating to Proceedings by Process of Attachment of Goods in the Borough and other Courts of Reoord in Ireland. The Attachment of Goods (Ireland) Act, 1850.

18 & 14 Vict. c. 74. An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Registrar of Judgments in Ireland. The Judgments Registry (Ireland) Act, 1850.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 81. - An Act to explain an Act of the last session for amending an Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in Ireland so far as relates to the borough of Dublin. The Dublin Corporation Act, 1850.

13 & 14 Vict c. 82. - 1 1 An Act to extend the Remedies for the Collection of Grand Jury Cess in Ireland. The Grand Jury Cess (Ireland) Act, 1850.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 85. - An Act to provide for holding the Assizes of certain Counties of Cities and Towns in Ireland in the Assize Towns of the adjoining Counties at large, in certain Cases; and to make Provision as to Gaols in case of the Change of Assize Towns. The Assizes (Ireland) Act, 1850.

18 & 14 Vict. c. 88. - An Act to amend the Law relating to Engines used in the Rivers and on the Sea Coasts of Ireland for the taking of Fish. The Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1850.

13 A14 Vict. c. 92. - An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Cruelty to Animals in Scotland. The Cruelty to Animals (Scotland) Act, 1850.

18 & 14 Vict. c. 94. - An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England. © i The Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, Digi 1840;

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 149

Session and Chapter.

Tide.

18 & 14 Vict. c. 98.

An Act to amend the law relating to the holding of Benefices in plurality.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 101.

An Act to continue two Acts passed in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the BeJgn of Her Majesty, for charging the Maintenance of certain poor Persons in Unions in England and Wales upon the Common Fund; and to make certain Amendments in the Laws for the Belief of the Poor.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 105.

An Act for facilitating the Union of Liberties with the Counties in which they are situate.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 115.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Friendly Societies.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 7.

An Act to amend an Act of the Parliament of Ireland of the Twenty-fifth Year of King George the Third, for explaining and amending several Laws for the Encouragement of Agriculture, so far as relates to Leases for the Erection of Mills.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 11.

14fc& 15 Vict. c. 12.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 13.

An Act for the better Protection of Persons under the Care and Control of others as Apprentices or Servants; and to enable the Guardians and Overseers of the Poor to institute and conduct Prosecutions in certain Cases.

An Act to continue the Duties on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, and to amend the Act imposing the same.

An Act to regulate the Sale of Arsenic.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 14.

- An Act to amend the Law for the Registration of certain Persons commonly known as " Compound Householders, '* and to facilitate the Exercise by such Persons of their Bight to vote in the Election I of Borough Members to serve in i Parliament.

[Short Title.]

The Pluralities Act, 1850.

The Poor Law Amendment Act, 1850.

The Liberties Act, 1850.

The Friendly Societies Act, 1850.

The Leases for Mills (Ireland) Act, 1851.

The Poor Law (Apprentices, Ac.) Act, 1851.

The Income Tax Act, 1851.

The Arsenic Act, 1851.

The Compound Householders Act, 1851.

160 Ch. 14. Short Titles Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

Session and Chapter. Title. Short Tide.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 19. - | An Act for the better Prevention of i Offences. 1 ! The Prevention of Offences Act, 1851.

14 & 15 Vict c. 20. - I An Act to extend the Remedies 1 provided by the Renewable Leasehold Conversion Act for the Recovery of Fee-Farm Rents under that Act, to all other Fee-Farm Rents, and to other Rents in Ireland reserved upon Grants of Land in which the Grantors have no Reversion. The Fee-Farm Rents (Ireland) Act, 1851.

14 & 15 Vict c. 21. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend, " and ends with the words "in Certain Cases." The Bridges (Ireland) Act, 1851.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 24. - An Act to amend the Acts for the granting of Sites for Schools. The School Sites Act, 1851.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 25. - An Act to improve the Law of Landlord and Tenant in relation to Emblements, to growing Crops seized in Execution, and to Agricultural Tenants* Fixtures. The Landlord and Tenant Act, 1851.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 26. - An Act to amend the Acts relating to the British White Herring Fishery. The Herring Fishery Act, 1851.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 35. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to extend, '* and ends with the words "in the Naval Service.'* The Naval Apprentices (Ireland) Act, 1851.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 36. - An Act to repeal the Duties payable on Dwelling Houses according to the number of windows or lights, and to grant in lieu thereof other Duties on Inhabited Houses according to their Annual Value. The House Tax Act, 1851.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 41. - An Act to regulate the Salaries of the Chief Justice of the Court of Queen's Bench and the Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas. The Chief Justice's Salary Act, 1851.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 42. - An Act to make better Provision for the Management of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown, and for the Direction of Public Works and Buildings. The Crown Lands Act, 1851.

of Public Works and Buikos. J by

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 151

[Short Title.]

ScMaon and Chapter. Title.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 46. - An Act the title of which begins with the words M An Act to amend, " and ends with the words "in trust for Her Majesty." The Crown Lands (Copyholds) Act, 1851.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 50. - An Act to amend the Public Health Act, and an Act of the Third and Fourth Years of King William the Fourth, in respect of the Assessment of Tithe and Tithe Rentcharges for certain Bates. The Tithe Rating Act, 1851.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 53. - An Act to consolidate and continue the Copyhold and Inclosure Commissions, and to provide for the Completion of Proceedings under the Tithe Commutation Acta. The Inclosure Commissioners Act, 1851.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 55. - An Act to amend the Law relating to the Expenses of Prosecutions, and to make further Provision for the Apprehension and Trial of Offenders, in certain Cases. The Criminal Justice Administration Act, 1851.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 56. - An Act to sanction the Service by Post of Notices relative to the Proceedings of certain charitable Institutions, and to make further Provision as to the Service of such Notices in future. The Charities (Service of Notice) Act, 1851.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 57. - An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Civil Bills and the Courts of Quarter Sessions in Ireland, and to transfer to the Assistant Barristers certain Jurisdiction as to Insolvent Debtors. The Civil Bill Courts (Ireland) Act, 1851.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 63. - An Act for the Settlement of the Boundaries between the Provinces of Canada and New Brunswick. The New Brunswick Boundary Act, 1851.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 64. - An Act to repeal the Act for constituting Commissioners of Railways. The Railway Regulation Act, 1851.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 65. - (An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to continue, " and ends with the words "and other Purposes." The Grand Jury Cess (Dublin) Act, 1851. niniti-7orl h\/V

152 Ch. 14. Short Titles Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

14 & 16 Vict. c. 68. - An Act to provide for the better Distribution, Support, and Management of Medical Charities in Ireland; and to amend an Act of the Eleventh Year of Her Majesty, to provide for the Execution of the Laws for the Belief of the Poor in Ireland. The Poor Relief (Ireland) Act, 1851.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 76. - An Act to extinguish the Bight of the Crown to Deer in the New Forest, and to give Compensation in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes relating to the said Forest. The New Forest Act, 1851.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 81. - An Act to authorize the Removal from India of Insane Persons charged with Offences, and to give better Effect to Inquisitions of Lunacy taken in India. The Lunatics Removal (India) Act, 1851.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 83. - An Act to improve the Administration of Justice in the Court of Chancery and in the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. The Court of Chancery Act, 1851.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 85. - An Act further to amend an Act of the Sixth Year of King William the Fourth, to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Constabulary Force in Ireland. The Constabulary (Ireland) Act, 1851.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 87. - An Act to regulate certain proceedings in relation to the Elections of Representative Peers for Scotland. The Representative Peers (Scotland) Act, 1851.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 88. - An Act for amending the several Acts for the Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors. The Solicitors Act, 1851.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 97. - An Act to amend the Church Building Acts. The Church Building Act, 1851.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 99. - An Act to amend the Law of Evidence. The Evidence Act, 1851.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 100. - An Act for further improving the Administration of Criminal Justice. Dig The Criminal Procedure Act, 1851. :ized by

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 153

[Short Title.]

Session sad Chapter. Title.

14 & 16 Vict. c. 104. - An Act to facilitate the Management and Improvement of Episcopal and Capitular Estates in England. The Episcopal and Capitular Estates Act, 1851.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 105. - An Act to continue an Act of the Fourteenth Year of Her Majesty for charging the Maintenance of certain poor Persons in Unions in England and Wales upon the Common Fund; and to make certain Amendments in the Laws for the Belief of the Poor. The Poor Law Amendment Act, 1851.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 5. - An Act further to explain and amend the Act for the regulation of Municipal Corporations in England, Wales, and Ireland. The Municipal Corporations Act, 1852.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 12. - An Act to enable Her Majesty to carry into effect a Convention with France on the Subject of Copyright; to extend and explain the International Copyright Acts; and to explain the Acts relating to Copyright in Engravings. The International Copyright Act, 1852.

15 & 16 Vict c. 23. - An Act to shorten the Time required for assembling Parliament after a Dissolution thereof. The Meeting of Parliament Act, 1852.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 25. - An Act to amend an Act for registering Births, Deaths, and Marriages in England. The General Register Office Act, 1852.

15 & 16 Vict c. 27. - An Act to amend the Law of Evidence in Scotland. The Evidence (Scotland) Act, 1852.

15 & 16 Vict c. 28. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend an Act, " and ends with the words u Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings." The Commissioners of Works Act, 1852.

15 & 16 Vict c. 32. - An Act to alter and amend certain Provisions in the Laws relating to the Number and Election of Magistrates and Councillors in the Burghs in Scotland. The Burghs (Scotland) Act, 1852.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 34. - An Act to extend the Act to facilitate the Improvement of Landed Property in Ireland, and the Acts amending the same, to the erection of Scutch Mills for Flax in The Landed Property Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1852.

Ireland.

154 Cir. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

Session and Chapter. Title. Shore Title.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 38. - An Act the title of which begins with the words M An Act to explain, " and ends with the words "in Cities and Boroughs." 1 The Justices Juris* j diction Act, 1852.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 39. - An Act to remove Doubts as to the Lands and Casual Revenues of the Crown in the Colonies and Foreign Possessions of Her Majesty. The Crown Revenues (Colonies) Act, 1852.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 49. - An Act to extend the Provisions of the several Acts passed for the conveyance of Sites for Schools. The School Sites Act, 1852.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 50. - An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Militia in England. The Militia Act, 1852.

15 & 16 Vict c. 52. - An Act to enable Colonial and other Bishops to perform certain Episcopal Functions, under Commission from Bishops of England and Ireland. The Colonial Bishops Act, 1852.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 55. - An Act to extend the Provisions of the Trustee Act, 1850. The Trustee Act, 1852.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 56. - An Act for regulating the Qualifications of Pharmaceutical Chemists. The Pharmacy Act, 1852.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 57. - An Act to provide for more effectual Inquiry into the Existence of corrupt Practices at Elections for Members to serve in Parliament. The Election Commissioners Act, 1852.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 62. - An Act to alter and amend certain Acts relating to the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown. The Crown Lands Act, 1852.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 63. - An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Valuation of rateable Property in Ireland. The Valuation (Ireland) Act, 1852.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 65. - 1 An Act to continue and amend an Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Friendly ! Societies. The Friendly Societies Act, 1852.

15 &' 16 Vict. c.

- An Act to grant a Representative Constitution to the Colony of New Zealand.

The New Zealand Constitution Act,

1896.

Shoi't Titles, 1896.

Cfl. 14. 155

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

15 & 16 Vict. C. 73. - i i An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to make Provision, and ends with the words u certain Offices in those Courts.* The Common Law Courts Act, 1852.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 79. - An Act to amend and further extend the Acts for the Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement of Land. The Inclosure Act, 1852.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 80. - An Act to abolish the Office of Master in Ordinary of the High Court of Chancery, and to make Provision for the more speedy and Efficient Despatch of Business in the said Court. The Court of Chancery Act, 1852.

15 & 16 Vict. c; 81. - An Act to consolidate and amend the Statutes relating to the Assessment and Collection of County Rates in England and Wales. The County Rates Act, 1852.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 85. - An Act to amend the Laws concerning the Burial of the Dead in the Metropolis. The Burial Act, 1852.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 87. - An Act for the Belief of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery. The Court of Chancery Act, 1852.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 2. An Act to amend an Act of the First Year of King George the Fourth, for the further Preveu tion of forging and counterfeiting Bank Notes. The Bank Notes Act, 1852.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 15. - An Act to limit the Time of Taking the Poll in Counties at contested Elections for Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament in England and Wales to One Day. The Parliamentary Elections (Polling) Act, 1853.

16 A ll Vict. c. 20. - An Act to alter and amend an Act of the Fifteenth year of Her present Majesty for amending the Law of Evidence in Scotland. The Evidence (Scotland) Act, 1853.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 27. - An Act for empowering the Sheriff and Commissary of Berwickshire to hold Courts at D unse, and for other purposes. The Berwickshire Courts Act, 1853.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 28. An Act to amend the Law as to taking the Poll at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Scotland. The County Elections (Scotland) Act, 1853.

156 Ch. 14.

Short Titles, 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 30. - An Act for the better Prevention and Punishment of aggravated Assaults upon Women and Children, and for preventing Delay and Expense in the Administration of certain Parts of the Criminal Law. The Criminal Procedure Act, 1853.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 33. - An Act for the better Regulation of Metropolitan Stage and Hackney Carriages, and for prohibiting the Use of advertising Vehicles. The London Hackney Carriage Act, 1853.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 34. - An Act for granting to Her Majesty Duties on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices. The Income Tax Act, 1853.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 38. - An Act to extend the Remedies for the Compensation of malicious Inj uries to Property in Ireland. The Malicious Injuries (Ireland) Act, 1853.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 45. - An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws and to grant additional Facilities in relation to the Purchase of Government Annuities through the Medium of Savings Banks, and to make other Provisions in respect thereof. The Government Annuities Act, 1853.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 48. - An Act for the Punishment of Offences in the Colonies in relation to the Coin. The Coinage (Colonial Offences) Act, 1853.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 49. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act, to extend, and ends with the words "of England and Ireland.* The Colonial Bishops Act, 1853.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 50. - An Act to effect Exchange of Patronage by Archbishops, Bishops, and other Ecclesiastical Corporations. The Ecclesiastical Commissioners (Exchange of Patronage) Act, 1853.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 56. - An Act to facilitate the Redemption of certain Charges on the Hereditary Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown, and to make other Provisions in regard to the Management of such Hereditary Possessions and Land Revenues. The Crown Lands Act, 1853.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 59. - An Act to repeal certain Stamp Duties, and to grant others in lieu thereof, to amend the Laws relating to Stamp Duties, and to make perpetual certain Stamp Duties in Ireland. The Stamp Act, 1858.

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 157

Session and Chapter.

Title.

[Short Title.]

16 & 17 Vict. c. 63.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 65. -16 & 17 Vict. c. 67. -16 & 17 Vict. c. 68.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 86. 16 & 17 Vict. c. 89.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to repeal/' and ends with the words "relating to Stamp Duties."

An Act to amend the Acts for the Regulation of Parish Vestries.

The Bankers* Composition (Scotland) Act, 1853.

The Vestries 1853.

Act,

An Act for the better Regulation of The Licensing (Scot-

16 & 17 Vict. c. 69.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 73.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 74.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 80. -16 & 17 Vict. c. 85.

Public Houses in Scotland.

An Act to limit the Time for proceeding to Election in Counties and Boroughs in England and Wales, and for Polling at Elections for the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, and for other Purposes.

An Act to make better Provision concerning the Entry and Service of Seamen, and otherwise to amend the Laws concerning Her Majesty's Navy.

An Act for the Establishment of a Body of Naval Coast Volunteers, and for the temporary Transfer to the Navy, in case of Need, of Seafaring Mon employed in other Public Services.

An Act to reduce the Terms on which the Land Tax in Great Britain may be redeemed or purchased.

An Act to facilitate Procedure in the Sheriff Courts in Scotland.

An Act for removing Doubts as to the Powers of the Registrar of Her Majesty's Privy Council to. administer Oaths, and for providing for the Performance of the Duties of such Registrar in his Absence.

An Act to remove Doubts as to the Bights of the Liberated Africans in Sierra Leone.

An Act to regulate the Admission of Professors to the Lay Chairs in the Universities of Scotland.

M

land) Act, 1853.

The Parliamentary Elections Act, 1853.

The Naval Enlistment Act, 1853.

The Naval Volunteers Act, 1853.

The Land Tax Be-demption Act, 1853.

The Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1853.

The Privy Council Registrar Act, 1853.

The Liberated Africans Act, 1853.

The Universities (Scotland) Act, 1853.

168 CH. 14.

Short Titles, 1896

59 & 60 Vict.

Session and Chapter.

Title.

[Short Title.]

16 & 17 Vict c. 90.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 91.

18 & 16 Vict. c. 94.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 95.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 99.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 117.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 119.

16<fr 17 Vict. c. 121.-

16 & 17 Vici. c. 127.-

16 & 17 Vict. c. 130.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to repeal, " and ends with the words "and Purchase of the Land Tax."

An Act to extend for a limited Time the Provision for Abatement of Income Tax in respect of Insurances on Lives.

An Act to extend the Benefits of the Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her present Majesty, for the Amendment of the Law of Entail in Scotland.

An Act to provide for the Government of India.

An Act to substitute, in certain Cases, other Punishment in lieu of Transportation.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax in Great Britain.

An Act for the Suppression Betting Houses.

of

An Act to amend the Acts for promoting the Drainage of Lands and Improvements in connexion therewith in Ireland.

An Act for providing Places of Confinement in England or Wales for Female Offenders under Sentence or Order of Transportation.

An Act, the title of which begins with the words "An Act to reduce, " and ends with the words "in certain Cases."

The Lend -Tax Re demption (Investment) Act, 1853.

The Income Tax (Insurance) Act, 1853.

The Entail Amendment Act, 1853.

The Government of India Act, 1853.

The Penal Servitude Act, 1853.

The Land Tax Redemption (No. 2) Act, 1853.

The Betting Act, 1853.

The Convict Prisons Act., 1853.

The London Hackney Carriage (No. 2) Act, 1853.

The Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act, 1853.

18D6.

Short Titles 1896. Ch. 14. 159

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. j Title. 1

16 & 17 Vict. c. 134. - An Act to amend the Laws concerning the Banal of the Dead in England beyond the Limits of the Metropolis) and to amend the Act concerning the Burial of the Dead in the Metropolis. The Burial Act, 1853.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 136. - An Act for enabling Grand Juries in Ireland to borrow Money from private Sources on the Security of Presentment, and for transferring to Counties certain Works constructed wholly or in pari with Public Money. The Grand Jury (Ireland) Act, 1853.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 8. - An Act further to amend an Act relating to the Valuation of rateable Property in Ireland. The Valuation (Ireland) Act, 1854.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 17. - An Act to moke further Provision for defining the Boundaries of Counties, Baronies, Half Baronies, Pa.dshes, Town Lands, aod other Divisions and Denominations oi Land in Ireland for public Purposes. The Boundary Survey j (Ireland) Act, 1854, i i

17 & 18 Vict. c. 24. - An Act for granting to Her Majesty an increased Bate of Duty on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices. The income Tax Act, 1854.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 26. - An Act to assimilate the Law and Practice existing in Cases of High Treason in Ireland to the Law ! and Practice existing iu Cases of:High Treason in England. The Treason (Ireland) Act, 1854.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 32. - An Act to facilitate the Apportionment of the Rent when Parts of Lands in Lease are taken for the Purposes of the Church Building Acts. The Church Building ! Act, 1854.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 33. - An Act to place Public Statues within the Metropolitan Police District under the control of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings. 1 The Public Statues (Metropolis) Act, , 1854. i 1

17 & 18 Vict. c. 34. - An Act to enable Courts of Law in England, Ireland, and Scotland j to issue process to compel the attendance of witnesses out of their jurisdiction, and to give effect to the service of such process in any part of the United Kingdom. The Attendance of 1 Witnesses Act, 1854.

160 CH. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.,

17 & 18 Vict. c. 38. 17 & 18 Vict. c. 47.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 57. 17 & 18 Vict. c. 60.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 67.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 73. 17 & 18 Vict. c. 76. 17 & 18 Vict. c. 77.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 80. 17 & 18 Vict. c. 81.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 33. 17 & 18 Vict. c. 84.

An Act for the Suppression of, The Gaming Houses Gaming Houses. | Act, 1854.

i

An Act to alter and improve the The Ecclesiastical Mode of taking Evidence in the Courts Act, 1854. Ecclesiastical Courts of England)and Wales.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Appointment of Returning Officers in certain cases.

The Returning Officers Act, 1854.

An Act to amend an Act of the The Cruelty to Ani-Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of mals Act, 1854.

Her present Majesty for the more effectual Prevention of Cruelty to Animals.

An Act to facilitate the Purchase The Defence Act, of Common, Commonable, and 1854.

other Rights by the Principal Officers of Her Majesty's Ordnance.

An Act to amend the Acts for the Regulation of Joint Stock Banks m Scotland.

The Bankers(Scotland) Act, 1854.

An Act for the Formation, Regulation, and Government of Convict Prisons in Ireland.

The Convict Prisons (Ireland) Act, 1854.

An Act to provide for the Mode of j The Government of passing Letters Patent and other } India Act, 1854. Acts of the Crown relating to

India, and for vesting certain Powers in the Governor-General of India in Council.

An Act to provide for the better, The Registration of Registration of Births, Deaths, | Births, Deaths, and and Marriages in Scotland. Marriages (Scotland) Act, 1854.

An Act to make further Provision The Oxford University for the good Government and Act, 1854.

Extension of the University of i Oxford, of the Colleges therein, J and of the College of Saint Mary ' Winchester.

An Act to amend the Laws relating i The Stamp Act, 1854. to the Stamp Duties.

An Act to extend the provisions of j The Augmentation of the Acts for the Augmentation of i Benefices Act, 1854. Benefices.

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 161

Session and Chapter.

Title.

[Short Title.]

17 & 18 Vict. c. 87.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 89.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 90.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 91.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 94.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 96.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 97.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 113.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 116.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 16.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 16.

An Act to make further Provision for the Burial of the Dead in England beyond the Limits of the Metropolis.

The Burial Act, 1864.

An Act to amend the Laws for the The Spirits (Ireland) better Prevention of the Sale of Act, 1864.

Spirits by unlicensed Persons, and for the Suppression of Illicit Distillation, in Ireland.

An Act to repeal the Laws relating to Usury, and to the Enrolment of Annuities.

The Usury Laws Repeal Act, 1864.

An Act for the Valuation of Lands and Heritages in Scotland.

The Lands Valuation (Scotland) Act, 1864.

An Act to alter the Mode of providing for certain Expenses now charged upon certain Branches of the Public Revenues and upon the Consolidated Fund.

The Public Revenue and Consolidated Fund Charges Act, 1864.

An Act for allowing Gold Wares The Gold and Silver to be manufactured at a lower Wares Act, 1864. Standard than that now allowed by Law, and to amend the Law relating to the assaying of Gold and Silver Wares.

An Act to amend and extend the The Inclosure Act, Acts for the Inclosure, Exchange, 1864. and Improvement of Land.

An Act to amend the Law relating The Real Estate to the Administration of the Charges Act, 1864. Estate of deceased Persons.

An Act to continue and amend an Act to facilitate the Management and Improvement of Episcopal and Capitular Estates in England.

The Episcopal and Capitular Estates Act, 1864.

An Act for the better Protection of The Judgments Act, Purchasers against Judgments, 1866.

Crown Debts, Oases of Lis pendens, and Life Annuities or Rentcharges.

An Act to authorise the letting Parts of the Royal Forests of Dean and Woolmer, and certain other parts of the hereditary Possessions of the Crown.

The Crown Lands Act, 1866.

162 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 17. - ! An Act to carry into effect a Con-! vent ion between Her Majesty and the King of Sardinia. The Sardinia Loan Act, 1855.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 23. - An Act to alter in certain respects the Law of Intestate Moveable Succession in Scotland. The Intestate Moveable Succession (Scotland) Act, 1855.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 29. - An Act to make farther Provision for the Registration of Births, Deaths, and Marriages in Scot- The Registration of Births, Deaths, and Marriages(Scodand)

- land. Act, 1855.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 32. - An Act to amend and extend the Jurisdiction of the Stannary Court. The Stannaries Act, 1855.

18 & 19 Vict c. 35. - An Act to continue the Act for extending for a limited Time the Provision for Abatement of Income Tax in respect of Insurance on Lives. The Income Tax (Insurance) Act, 1855.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 36. - An Act to repeal the Stamp Duties payable on Matriculation and Degrees in the University of Oxford. The Oxford University Act, 1855.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 41. - An Act for abolishing the Jurisdiction of the Ecclesiastical Courts of England and Wales in Suits for Defamation. The Ecclesiastical Courts Act, 1855.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 43. - An Act to enable Infants, with the Approbation of the Court of Chancery, to make binding Settlements of their Real and Personal Estate on Marriage. The Infant Settlements Act, 1855.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 48. - An Act for the bettei Administration of Justice in the Cinque Ports. The Cinque Ports Act, 1855.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 54. - An Act to enable Her Majesty to assent to a Bill, as amended, of the Legislature of New South Wales, " to confer a Constitution " on New South Wales, and to " grant a Civil List to Her Majesty." j The New South Wales Constitution Act, 1855.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 55. - An Act to enable Her Majesty to assent to a Bill, as amended, of the Legislature of Victoria, to establish a Constitution in and for 1 the Colony of Victoria. 1 Di(The Victoria Constitution Act, 1855. by

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 163

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 66. - An Act to repeal the Acts of Parliament now in force respecting the Disposal of the Waste Lands of the Crown in Her Majesty's Australian Colonies, and to make other Provision in lien thereof. The Australian Waste Lands Act, 1855.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 57. - An Act further to amend the Laws relating to the Militia in England. The Militia Act, 1855.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 60. - An Act for excepting Gold Wedding Rings from the Operation of the Act of the last Session relating to the Standard of Gold and Silver Wares, and from the Exemptions contained in other Acts relating to Gold Wares. The Wedding Rings Act, 1855.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 62. - i An Act to amend an Act of the Eighteenth Year of Her Majesty, to amend the Laws for the better j Prevention of the Sale of Spirits by unlicensed Persons, and for the Suppression of illicit Distillation, in Ireland. The Licensing (Ireland) Act, 1855.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 78. - An Act to reduce certain Duties payable on Stage Carriages, and to amend the Laws relating to Stamp Duties, and to Bonds and Securities to the Inland Revenue. The Inland Revenue Act, 1855.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 79. - An Act to amend the Law regarding the Burial of poor Persons by Guardians and Overseers of the Poor. The Poor (Burials) Act, 1855.

J8 & 19 Vict. c. 81. - An Act to amend the Law concerning the certifying and registering of Places of Religious i Worship in England. The Places of Worship Registration Act, 1855.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 84. - An Act to provide for the Performance of certain Duties of the Speaker during his temporary Absence from the House of Commons. The Deputy Speaker Act, 1855.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 86. - An Act for securing the Liberty of Religious Worship. The Liberty of Religious Worship Act,

164 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896.

69 & 60 Vier.

Session and Chapter.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 90.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 99.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 103.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 110.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 111.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 114.-

18 & 19 Vict. c. 117.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 120.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 126.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 128. -18 & 19 Vict. c. 131.

Title.

1. An Act for the Payment of Costs i in Proceedings instituted on be-I half of the Crown in matters ! relating to the Revenue; and for . the Amendment of the Procedure j and Practice in Crown Suits in the Court of Exchequer.

[Short Title.]

The Crown Suits Act, 1865.

An Act to enable Her Majesty to | carry into Effect a Convention | made between Her Majesty, His Majesty the Emperor of the French, and His Imperial Majesty the Sultan.

The Turkish Loan Act, 1855.

An Act the title of which begins The Spirits (Ireland) with the words "An Act to Act, 1855. amend/' and ends with the words "into a Bond with Sureties."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to " authorize the Application, " and ends with the words "Improve* ments in connection therewith, u in Ireland."

The Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act, 1855.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Bills of Lading.

The Bills of Lading Act, 1855.

An Act for the Transfer of Licences of Public Houses in Ireland.

The Public House (Ireland) Act, 1855.

An Act for transferring to one of The Ordnance Board Her Majesty's Principal Secre- | Transfer Act, 1855. taries of State the Powers and Estates vested in the Principal Officers of the Ordnance.

i

I

An Act for the better Local Man- i The Metropolis Man-| agement of the Metropolis. j agement Act, 1855.

An Act for diminishing Expense The Criminal Justice and Delay in the Administration Act, 1855. of Criminal Justice in certain Cases.

An Act further to amend the Laws concerning the Burial of the Dead in England.

The Burial Act, 1855.

An Act to render more secure the Conditions upon which Money is advanced ont of the Parliamentary Grant for the Purposes of Education.

The School Act, 1855.

Grants

D by

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14.

165

[Short Title.]

Secrisn and Chapter. Title. I

18 & 19 Vict. c. 134. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to make further/' and ends with the words "with Powers of leasing and Sale thereof." The Court of Chancery Act, 1856.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 1. - An Act to regulate certain Offices of the House of Commons. The House of Commons Offices Act, 1856.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 2. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Metropolitan Police. The Metropolitan Police Act, 1856.

19 & 20 Vict 20 Vict. c. 3. - An Act to extend the Period for which Her Majesty may grant Letters Patent of Incorporation to Joint Stock Banks in Scotland existing before the Act of One thousand eight hundred and forty-six. The Joint Stock Banks (Scotland) Act, 1856.

19 & 20 Vict 20 Vict. c. 9. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Advance of Public Money to promote the Improvement of Land. The Public Money Drainage Act, 1856.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 16. - An Act to empower the Court of Queen's Bench to order certain Offenders to be tried at the Central Criminal Court. The Central Criminal Court Act, 1856.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 18. - An Act to authorize for a further Period the Application of Money for the Purposes of Loans for carrying on Public Works in Ireland. The Public Works (Ireland) Act, 1856.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 20. - An Act to continue certain Compositions payable to Bankers who have ceased to issue Bank Notes. The Bankers' Compositions Act, 1856.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 29. - An Act to extend the Powers of the Trustees and Director of the National Gallery, and to authorize the Sale of Works of Art belonging to the Public. The National Gallery Act, 1856.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 37. - An Act to amend the Act for transferring to Counties in Ireland certain Works constructed wholly or in part with the Public Money. The Transfer of Works (Ireland) Act, 1856.

166 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Viol

Session and Chapter. 19 & 20 Vict. c. 39.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 46.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 48. -19 & 20 Vict. c. 50.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 54. -19 & 20 Vict. c. 55.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 56.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 38.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 59. 19 & 20 Vict. c. 62.

Title.

An Act to carry into effect a Convention respecting a Loan by Her Majesty to the King of Sardinia.

An Act to exempt Imprisonments under the Act 5 Geo. 4. c. 96. from the Operation of the Act abolishing in Scotland Imprisonment for Civil Debts of small Amount.

[Short Title.]

The Sardinian Loan Act, 1856.

The Imprisonment (Scotland) Act, 1856.

An Act for amending the Procedure before Magistrates and Justices of Peace in Scotland.

The Justices (Scotland) Act, 1856.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to

enable, " and ends with the words "to such Persons."

The Sale of Advowsons Act, 1856.

i An Act to facilitate the Despatch | of Business before Grand Juries

in England and Wales.

An Act for transferring the Powers of the Church Building Commissioners to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England.

The Grand Juries Act, 1856.

The Church Building Commissioners (Transfer of Powers) Act, 1856.

J An Act to constitute the Court of Session the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and to regulate Procedure in matters connected with the Exchequer.

The Exchequer Court (Scotland) Act, 1856.

An Act to amend the Law for the Registration of Persons entitled | to vote in the Election of Mem-I bers to serve in Parliament for

' Burghs in Scotland.

An Act to alter the mode of providing for certain expenses now charged upon certain parts of the Public Revenue.

The Burgh Voters Registration (Scotland) Act, 1856.

The Revenue (Transfer of Charges) Act, 1856.

An Act to provide for the Maintenance of Navigations made in connexion with Drainage, and to make further Provision in relation to Works of Drainage in Ireland.

! The Drainage (Ireland) Act, 1856.

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 167

i

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. I Title. I

19 & 20 Vict. c. 63.

An Act to amend the Acts relating to Grand Juries in Ireland.

The Grand Jury (Ireland) Act, 1856.

19 A20 Vict. c. 68.

An Act to further amend the Laws relating to Prisons in Ireland.

The Prisons (Ireland) Act, 1856.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 69.

An Act to render more effectual the Police in Counties and Boroughs in England and Wales.

The County and Borough Police Act,

1856.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 77.

An Act to amend the Law and Practice of the Court of Chancery in Ireland in relation to the Appointment of Receivers over Real Estate, and to expedite the Sale of Estates in the said Court.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 80.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to grant Relief, " and ends with the words "and Purchase of the Land Tax.' *

19 & 20 Vict. c. 88.

An Act to make further Provision for the good Government and Extension of the University of Cambridge, of the Colleges therein, and of the College of King Henry the Sixth at Eton.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 91. - . An Act to amend and re-enact certain Provisions of an Act of the Fifty-fourth year of King George the Third, relating to Judicial Procedure and Securities for Debts in Scotland.

i

19 & 20 Vict. c. 96. - ' An Act for amending the Law of I Marriage in Scotland.

i

19 & 20 Vict. c. 100. -:An Act to amend the Law with

respect to the Election of Directors of Joint Stock Banks in England.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 112.

An Act to amend the Act of the last Session of Parliament, Chapter One hundred and twenty, for the better Local Management of the Metropolis.

The Chancery Receivers (Ireland) Act, 1856.

The Taxes Act, 1856.

The Cambridge University Act, 1856.

The Debts Securities (Scotland) Act, 1856.

The Marriage (Scotland) Act, 1856.

The Joint Stock Banks Act, 1856.

The Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1356.

168 Ch. 14.

Short Titles, 1896.

59 & 60 Vic *

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 113. - An Act to provide for taking Evidence in Her Majesty's Dominions in relation to Civil and Commercial Matters pending before Foreign Tribunals. The Foreign Tribunals Evidence Act, 1856.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 114. - An Act to prevent false Packing and other Frauds in the Hay and Straw Trade. The Hay and Straw Act, 1856.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 116. - An Act for the Appointment of a Vice-President of the Committee of Council on Education. The Education Department Act, 1856.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 117. - An Act to amend the Law relating to the Relief of the Poor in Scotland. The Poor Law (Scotland) Act, 1856.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 118. - An Act to amend the Act of the last Session of Parliament for diminishing Expense and Delay in the Administration of Criminal Justice in certain Cases. The Criminal Justice Act, 1856. 1

19 & 20 Vict. c. 119. - An Act to amend the Provisions of the Marriage and Registration Acts. The Marriage and Registration Act, 1856.

20 Vict. c. 1. An Act to amend the Act for limiting the Time of Service in the Royal Marioe Forces. The Royal Marines Act, 1857.

20 Vict. c. 2. - An Act to facilitate the Appointment of Chief Constables for adjoining Counties, and to confirm appointments of Chief Constables in certain Cases. The County Police Act, 1857.

20 Vict. c. 11. An Act to amend the Commissioners The Commissioners of

of Supply (Scotland) Act, 1856. Supply (Scotland) Act, 1857.

20 Vict. c. 12. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend, " and ends with the words *in certain Cases." The Lighting of Towns (Ireland) Act, 1857.

20 Vict c. 19. - An Act to provide for the Relief of the Poor in Extra-parochial Places. The Extra-Parochial Places Act, 1857.

20 & 21 Vict c. 1. - An Act for the Amendment of the Cinque Ports Act. The Cinque Ports Act, 1857.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 8. - An Act to amend the Act of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Her Majesty, to substitute in certain Cases other Punishment in lieu of Transportation. Digit The Penal Servitude Act, 1857. zed by

1896.

Shoi't Titles, 1896. Ch. 14. 169

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 7. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to revive, " and ends with the words "under the Act 19 & 20 Vict. c. 36." The Grand Jury Cess (Ireland) Act, ltc7.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 13. - An Act to facilitate the procuring of Sites for Workhouses in certain Cases. The Workhouse Sites Act, 1857.

20 & 21 Vict c. 15. - 1 An Act to amend the Act of the Sixth and Seventh Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter One hundred and sixteen, for consolidating and amending the Laws relating to the Presentment of Public Money by Grand Juries in Ireland. The Grand Jury (Ireland) Act, 1857.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 18. - An Act to regulate Procedure in the Bill Chamber in Scotland. The Bill Chamber Procedure Act, 1857.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 23. - An Act to authorize the Commissioners of Public WorkH in Ireland to sell Mill Sites and Water Power, notwithstanding Final Award, in any Drainage or Navigation District. The Public Works (Ireland) Act, 1857.

20 & 21 Vict 21 Vict c. 25. - An Act to continue the Powers of the Commissioners under an Act of the seventeenth and eighteenth years of Her Majesty concerning the University of Oxford and the College of Saint Mary Winchester, and further to amend the said Act. The Oxford University Act, 1857.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 81. - An Act to amend and explain the Inclosure Acts. The Inclosure Act, 1857.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 33. - An Act to regulate certain Proceedings in relation to the Election of Representative Peers for Ireland. The Representative Peers (Ireland) Act, 1857.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 34. - An Act to explain an Act for the Settlement of the Boundaries j between the Provinces of Canada | and New Brunswick. llio New Brunswick Boundary Act, 1857. I

170 Ca 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. i 1 Title. i

20 & 21 Vict. c. 35. - An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled "An Act to amend the " Laws concerning the Burial of the Dead in the Metropolis, " so far as relates to the City of London and the Liberties thereof. The City of London Burial Act, 1857.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 40. - An Act to continue and amend an Act passed in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Eighty-nine, and also the Laws for the Suppression and Prevention of Illicit Distillation in Ireland and to constitute the Constabulary Force Officers of Customs for certain purposes. The Illicit Distillation (Ireland) Act, 1857. i 1

20 & 21 Vict. c. 42. - An Act to amend the Burial Grounds (Scotland) Act, 1855. The Burial Grounds (Scotland) Act, 1857.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 43. - An Act to improve the Administration of the Law so far as respects summary Proceedings before Justices of the Peace. The Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1857.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 44. - An Act to regulate the Institution of Suits at the instance of the Crown and the Public Departments in the Courts of Scotland. The Crown Suits (Scotland) Act, 1857.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 45. - An Act to make further Provision for defining the Boundaries of certain Denominations of Land in Ireland for public Purposes. The Boundary Survey (Ireland) Act, 1857.

20 & 21 Vict 21 Vict. c. 51. An Act to guarantee a Loan for the Service of New Zealand. The New Zealand Loan Guarantee Act, 1857.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 53. - An Act to amend the Act for granting a Representative Constitution to the Colony of New Zealand. The New Zealand Constitution (Amendment) Act, 1857.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 56. - An Act to regulate the Distribution of Business in the Court of Session in Scotland. The Court of Session Act, 1857.

20 & 21 Vict 21 Vict. c. 57. - An Act to enable Married Women The Married Women's

to dispose of Reversionary

Interests in Personal Estate. <$1^0001657.

Reversionary In-

1896.

Short Titles, 1896. Ch. 14. 171

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 58. - An Act to amend the Act, Seven- J teenth and Eighteenth of Victoria, I for the Valuation of Lands in; Scotland. The Lands Valuation (Scotland) Act, 1857.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 64. - An Act for raising a Sum of Money for building and improving Stations of the Metropolitan Police, and to amend the Acts concerning the Metropolitan Police. The Metropolitan Police Act, 1857.

20 & 21 Vict 21 Vict. c. 68. - An Act to enable the Lord Lieutenant to appoint Revising Barristers for the Revision of Lists and Registry of Voters for the City of Dublin. The Dublin Revising Barristers Act, 1857.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 70. - An Act to provide for the extension of the Boundaries of Burghs in Scotland, and to remove Doubts as to the Right of certain Persons holding Offices to be registered as Voters for Municipal Purposes. The Boundaries of Burghs Extension (Scotland) Act, , 1857. 1 I 1

20 & 21 Vict. c. 71. - An Act for the Regulation of the Care and Treatment of Lunatics, and for the Provision, Maintenance, and Regulation of Lunatic Asylums, in Scotland. The Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1857.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 72. - An Act to render more effectual the Police in Counties and Burghs in Scotland. The Police (Scotland) Act, 1857.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 73. - An Act for the Abatement of the Nuisance arising from the Smoke of Furnaces in Scotland. 1 i The Smoke Nuisance (Scotland) Act, 1857.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 77. - 1 An Act to amend the Law relating i to Probates and Letters of Administration in England. The Court of Probate Act, 1857.

20 A21 Vict. c. 81. - An Act to amend the Burial Acts - 1 The Burial Act, 1857.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 83. - An Act for more effectually preventing the Sale of Obscene Books, Pictures, Prints, and other Articles. 1 The Obscene Publications Act, 1857.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 85. - An Act to amend the Law relating to Divorce and Matrimonial Causes in England. I The Matrimonial Causes Act, 1857. I

21 & 22 Vict. c. 3. - An Act for enabling the East India Company to raise Money in the United Kingdom for the Service of the Government of India. The East India Loans Act, 1868. !

172 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. i Title.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 11. - An Act to repeal the Stamp Duties payable ou Matriculation and Degrees in the University of Cambridge. The Cambridge University Act, 1858.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 25. - An Act to amend the Act concerning Non-parochial Registers, and the Acts for Marriages, and for registering Births, Deaths, and Marriages in England, and concerning Vaccination. The Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1858.

21 & 22 Vict 22 Vict. c. 35. - An Act to remove Doubts as to the Operation of a Convention between Her Majesty and the Emperor of the French relative to Portendic and Albreda. The Portendic and Albreda Convention Act, 1858.

21 & 22 Vict 22 Vict c. 42. - An Act for shortening the Time of Prescription in certain Cases in Ireland. The Prescription (Ireland) Act, 1858.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 45. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend, " and ends with the words "of the said County." The Durham County Palatine Act, 1858.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 49. - An Act to provide for the Relief of Her Majesty's Subjects professing the Jewish Religion. The Jews Relief Act, 1858.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 50. - An Act to continue certain temporary Provisions concerning Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction in England. The Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction Act, 1858.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 52. - An Act to appoint a Clerk of Nisi Prius for the Consolidated Nisi Prius Court in Ireland, and to make Provision for the Appoint* ment of Tipstaffs in the Superior Courts of Common Law and Equity in Ireland. i ' The Inferior Courts Officers (Ireland) Act, 1868.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 56. - An Act to amend the Law relating to the Confirmation of Executors in .Scotland, and to extend over all Parts of the United Kingdom the Effect of such Confirmation, and of Grants of Probate and Administration. The Confirmation of Executors (Scotland) Act, 1858.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 64. - An Act to make further Provision for the Practice of Vaccination in Ireland. The Vaccination (Ireland) Act, 1858. :ized by

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 173

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 65. - An Act to amend an Act of the last Session, to render more effectual the Police in Counties and Burghs in Scotland. The Police (Scotland) Act, 1858.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 69. - An Act to impose Pees on the branding of Barrels under the Acts concerning the Herring Fisheries in Scotland. The Herring Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1858.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 71. - An Act to substitute in certain cases the Bishop of one Diocese for the Bishop of another as a Trustee of certain Trusts. The Bishops Trusts Substitution Act, 1858.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 72. - An Act to facilitate the Sale and Transfer of Land in Ireland. The Landed Estate* Court (Ireland) Act, 1858.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 73. - An Act to amend the Law concerning the Powers of Stipendiary Magistrates and Justices of the Peace in certain Cases. The Stipendiary Magistrates Act, 1858.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 75. - An Act to amend the Law relating to Cheap Trains, and to restrain the Exercise of certain Powers by Canal Companies being also Railway Companies. The Cheap Trains and Canal Carriers Act, 1858.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 78. - An Act to enable the Committees of both Houses of Parliament to administer Oaths to Witnesses in certain Cases. The Parliamentary Witnesses Act, 1858.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 83. - An Act to make Provision for the better Government and Discipline of the Universities of Scotland, and improving and regulating the Course of Study therein; and for the Union of the Two Universities and Colleges of Aberdeen. The Universities (Scotland) Act, 1858.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 88. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend, " and ends with the words "as to Insolvent Debtors." The Chairman of Quarter Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1858.

21 & 22 Vict c. 104. - An Act to alter and amend the Metropolis Local Management Act, 1855, and to extend the powers of the Metropolitan Board of Works for the purification of the Thames and the Main Drainage of the Metropolis. N The Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1858.

174 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896.

69 & 60 Vujt.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 105. - An Act to amend an Act of the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of Her present Majesty, to amend the Laws concerning Judgments in Ireland. The Judgment Mortgage (Ireland) Act, 1858.

21 <fe 22 Vict. c. 106. - An Act for the better Government of India. The Government of India Act, 1858.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 108. - An Act to amend the Act of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Victoria, Chapter Eighty-five. The Matrimonial Causes Act, 1858.

22 Vict. c. 1. - An Act more effectually to prevent Danger to the Public Health from Places of Burial. The Burial Act, 1859.

22 Vipt. c. 11. - An Act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise Money in the United Kingdom for the Service of the Government of India. The East India Loan Act, 1859.

22 Vict. c. 12. An Act to make further Provision for the Purchase of Common and other Bights by Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War Department, and in relation to Land vested in or taken by such Secretary of State. The Defence Act, 1859.

22 Vict. c. 14. An Act for the Abolition of Manor Courts and the better Recovery of Small Debts in Ireland. The Manor Courts Abolition (Ireland) Act, 1859.

22 Vict. c. 20. An Act to provide for taking Evidence in Suits and Proceedings pending before Tribunals in Her Majesty's Dominions in Places out of the Jurisdiction of such Tribunals. The Evidence by Commission Act, 1859.

22 Vict. c. 21. An Act to amend the Medical Act, 1858. The Medical Act, 1859.

22 VioL c. 82. - An Act to amend the Law concerning the Remission of Penalties. The Remission of Penalties Act, 1859.

22 & 23 Vict 23 Vict. c. 1. - An Act to provide for the Authentication of certain Orders of the Privy Council in the Absence of the Clerk of the Council in Ordinary. The Clerk of the Council Act, 1859.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 4. - An Act to amend the Act for the better Administration of Criminal Justice in Middlesex. l The Middlesex Sessions Act, 1859. :ed by

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 175

[Short Title.]

Section and Chapter. Title.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 8. - An Act to amend the Act of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Tears of Victoria, Chapter Forty-five, relating to the Survey of Boundaries in Ireland. The Boundary Survey (Ireland) Act, 1859.

' 22 & 23 Vict. c. 9. - An Act to provide for the Exercise of the Duties of Chief Superintendent in China in certain Cases. The Chief Superintendent in China Act, 1859.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 12. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to repeal, " and ends with the words "Chapter Sixty-two." The Colonial Affidavits Act, 1859.

22 & 28 Vict. c. 17. - An Act to prevent Vexatious Indictments for certain Misdemeanors. The Vexatious Indictments Act, 1859.

22 & 23 Vict 23 Vict. c. 18. - An Act for granting to Her Majesty additional Rates of Income Tax; and to reduce the Period of Credit allowed for Payment of the Excise Duty on Malt. The Income Tax Act, 1859.

22 & 28 Vict. c. 20. - An Act to amend and consolidate the Laws relating to Military Savings Banks. The Military Savings Banks Act, 1859.

22 & 23 Vict 23 Vict. c. 21. - An Act to Regulate the Office of Queen's Remembrancer and to amend the practice and procedure on the Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer. The Queen's Remembrancer Act, 1859.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 22. - An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Constabulary Force in Ireland. The Constabulary (Ireland) Act, 1859.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 24. - An Act to remove Doubts as to Admission to the Office of Principal in the Universities of Scotland. The Universities (Scotland) Act, 1859.

22 & 23 Vict 23 Vict. c. 26. - An Act to make further Provision for the Regulation of the Trade with the Indians, and for1 the Administration of Justice in the North-Western Territories of America. N 2 The North-Western Territories of America Act, 1859.

176 Ch. 14.

Short Titles, 1896.

69 & 60 VICT.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Tide.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 32. - An Act to amend the Law concerning the Police in Counties* and Boroughs in England and Wales. The County and Borough Police Act, 1839.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 35. - An Act to further amend the Law of Property, and to relieve Trustees. The Law of Property Amendment Act, 1859.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 36. - a An Act to alter the Scamp Duties payable upon Probates of Wills and Letters of Administration, to repeal the Stamp Duties on Licences to exercise the Faculty of Physic, and to amend the Laws relating to Hawkers and Pedlars. The Probate Duty-Act, 1859.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 39. - An Act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise Money in the United Kingdom for the Service of the Government of India. The East India Loan (No. 2) Act, 1859.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 40. - An Act for the Establishment of a Reserve Volunteer Force of Seamen, and for the Government of the same. The Royal Naval Reserve (Volunteer) Act, 1859.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 41. - An Act to amend the Act for the better Government of India. The Government of India Act, 1859.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 43. - An Act to amend and extend the Provisions of the Acts for the inclosure. Exchange, and Improvement of Land. The Inclosure Act, 1859.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 46. - An Act to continue and amend the Act concerning the Management of Episcopal and Capitular Estates of England. The Episcopal and Capitular Estates Act, 1859.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 49. - An Act to provide for the payment of debts incurred by Boards of Guardians in Unions and Parishes and Boards of Management in school districts. The Poor Law (Payment of Debts) Act, 1859.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 63. - An Act to enable Charitable and Provident Societies and Penny SavingB Banks to invest all their proceeds in Savings Banks. The Savings Bank (Charitable Societies) Act, 1859.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 61. - An Act to make further Provision concerning the Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes. The Matrimonial Causes Act, 1859.

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 177

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

22 & 28 Vict. c. 63. - An Act to afford Facilities for the more certain Ascertainment of the Law administered in one Part of Her Majesty's Dominions when pleaded in the Courts of another Part thereof. The British Law Ascertainment Act, 1859.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 65. - An Act for amending the Acts for the better Regulation of Divisions in the several Counties of England and Wales. The Petty Sessional Divisions Act, 1859.

22 & 23 Vict 23 Vict. c. 66. - An Act for regulating Measures used in Sales of Gas. The Sale of Gas Act, 1859.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 5. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to regulate, " and ends with the words <(to Indian Bonds." The Indian Securities Act, 1860.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 14. - An Act for granting to Her Majesty Duties on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices. The Income Tax Act, 1860.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 15. - An Act for granting to Her Majesty certain Duties of Stamps. The Probate Duty Act, 1860.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 18. - An Act to amend the Acts relating to Marriages in England and Ireland, by extending certain Provisions thereof to Persons professing with the Society of Friends called Quakers. The Marriage (Society of Friends) Act, 1860.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 19. An Act to extend the Act to facilitate the Improvement of Landed Property in Ireland, and the Acts amending the same, to the Erection of Dwellings for the Labouring Classes in Ireland. The Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1860.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 24. - An Act to remove Doubt as to the validity of certain Marriages in Extra-Parochial Places. The Marriage Confirmation Act, 1860.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 27. - An Act for granting to Her Majesty certain Duties on Wine Licences and Refreshment Houses, and for regulating the Licensing of Refreshment Houses and the granting of Wine Licences. The Refreshment Houses Act, 1860.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 30. - An Act to enable a majority of two-thirds of the Ratepayers of any Parish or District, dnlyassembled, to rate their District in aid of Public Improvements for General Benefit within their District. The Public Improvements Act, 1860.

178 Ch. 14.

Shoi't Titles Act, 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

Session and Chapter. Title. Short Tide.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 31. - An Act to repeal a certain Enactment for restraining the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland from lending Money on Mortgage. The Bank Bdhmd Act, 1860.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 32. - An Act to abolish the jurisdiction of the Ecclesiastical Courts in Ireland in Cases of Defamation, and in England and Ireland in certain Cases of Brawling. The Ecclesiastical Courts Jurisdiction Act, 1860.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 35. - An Act further to amend an Act of the Eighteenth Year of Her present Majesty, to amend the Law for the better Prevention of the Sale of Spirits by unlicensed Persons and for the Suppression of illicit Distillation in Ireland. The Licensing (Ireland) Act, 1860.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 38. - An Act to further amend the Law of Property. The Law of Property Amendment Act, 1860.

23 & 24 Vict c. 45. - An Act to extend the Act of the Eighth and Ninth Years of Victoria, Chapter Twenty-six, for preventing fishing for Trout or other Eresh-water Fish by Nets in the Eivers and Waters in Scotland. The Trout (Scotland) Act, 1860.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 47. - An Act to amend the Law relative to the Legal Qualifications of Councillors and the Admission of Burgesses in Royal Burghs in Scotland. The Burgesses (Scotland) Act, 1860.

28 & 24 Vict c. 51. - An Act to provide for an Annual Return of Rates, Taxes, Tolls, and Dues levied for local Purposes in England. The Local Taxation Returns Act, 1860.

28 & 24 Vict c. 64. - An Act to make further Provision for the Expenses of Local Boards of Health and Improvement Commissioners acting as Burial Boards. The Burial Act, 1860.

28 & 24 Vict. c. 65. - An Act to authorize the Commissioners of the Treasury to further regulate the Postage on redirected Letters of Commissioned and Warrant Officers, Seamen, and Soldiers, whilst on actual Service. The Post Office (Duties) Act, 186a

23 & 24 Vict. c. 66. - An Act to amend the Medical Act, 1858. Digil The Medical Act, tized

1896:

Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 179

Session and Chapter. Title.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 68. - An Act for the better Management and Control of the Highways in South Wales.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 74. - An Act to amend the provisions of the Act for the regulation of Municipal Corporations in Ireland with respect to the appointment of coroners in boroughs.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 76. - An Act to make better Provision for the Custody and Care of Criminal Lunatics.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 80. - An Act to regulate the Levying and Collection of the Inventory Duty payable upon Heritable Securities and other Properly in Scotland.

23 A 24 VkA c. 82. - An Act -to amend the Provisioned " The Common Law Procedure " (Ireland) Act Amendment " (1853>."

23 & 24 Vict. c. 88. - An Act to explain an Act of the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of Her present Majesty, enabling Infants, with the Approbation of the Court of Chancery, to make binding Settlements of their Real and Personal Estate on Marriage.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 86. - An Act to amend Two Acts of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years, and of the Eighteenth Tear, of Her present Majesty, relating to the Registration of Births, Deaths, and Marriages in Scotland.

28 & 24 Vict. c. 88. An Act to extend certain Provisions for Admiralty Jurisdiction in the Colonies to Her Majesty's Territories in India.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 89. - An Act to extend in certain Cases the Provisions of the Superannuation Act, 1859.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 90. - An Act to repeal the Duties on Game Certificates and Certificates to deal in Game, and to impose in lieu thereof Duties on Excise Licences and Certificates for the like Purposes.

[Short Title.]

The South Wales Highways Act, 1860.

The Borough Coroners (Ireland) Act, 1860.

The Criminal Lunatic Asylums Act, 1860.

The Heritable Securities (Scotland) Act, 1860.

The Common' Law Procedure (Ireland) Act, 1860.

The Infant Marriage Act, 1860.

The Registration of Births, Deaths, and Marriages (Scotland) Act, 1860.

The Admiralty Jurisdiction (India) Act, 1860.

The Superannuation Act, 186a

The Game Licences Act, 1860.

180 Ch, 14.

Shoii, Titles Act, 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 91. - | \ An Act for removing Doubts respecting the Craven Scholarships in the University of Oxford, and for enabling the University to retain the Custody of certain Testamentary Documents. The Oxford University Act, 1860.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 93. - An Act to amend and further extend the Acts for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales. The Tithe Act, 1860.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 94. - An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Militia. The Militia (Storehouses) Act, 1860.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 95. - An Act to facilitate the building of Cottages for Labourers, Farm Servants, and Artisans by the Proprietors of entailed Estates in Scotland. The Entail Cottages Act, 1860.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 100. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to repeal, " and ends with the words "for the Indian Army of Her Majesty/* The European Forces (India) Act, 1860.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 102. - An Act to provide for the Management of East India Stock, and of the Debts and Obligations of the Government of India, at and by the Bank of England. The East India Stock Act, 1860.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 105. - An Act to provide for the Management of the General Prison at Perth, and for the Administration of Local Prisons in Scotland. The Prisons (Scotland) Act, 1860.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 107. - An Act for granting to Her Majesty certain Duties on Wine Licences and Refreshment Houses, and for regulating the licensing of Refreshment Houses and the granting of Wine Licences, in Ireland. The Refreshment Houses (Ireland) Act, 1860.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 113.- An Act the title whereof begins with the words "An Act to grant, and ends with the words "relating to the Excise.* The Excise Act, 1860.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 115. - An Act to simplify and amend the Practice as to the Entry of Satisfaction on Crown Debts and on Judgments. The Crown Debts and Judgments Act, 1860.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 116. - An Act to amend the Law relating to the Election, Duties, and Payment of County Coroners. Dig The County Coroners Act, 1860.

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 181

Session and Chapter.

Title.

[Short Title.]

23 A24 Vict. c. 120.

An Act to amend the Laves relating to the Ballots for the Militia in England, and to suspend the making of Lists and Ballots for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 122.

An Act to enable the Legislatures of Her Majesty's Possessions abroad to make Enactments similar to the Enactment of the Act Ninth George the Fourth, Chapter Thirty-one, Section Eight.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 124. - An Act further to amend the Acts

relating to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, and the Act concerning the Management of Episcopal and Capitular Estates in England.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 127. - An Act to amend the Laws relating

to Attorneys, Solicitors, Proctors, and Certificated Conveyancers.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 129.

An Act to grant Excise Duties on British Spirits and on Spirits imported from the Channel Islands.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 130.

- An Act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise Money in the United Kingdom for the Service of the Government of India.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 134.

An Act to amend the Law regarding Roman Catholic Charities.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 135. - An Act for the Employment of the

Metropolitan Police Force in Her Majesty's Yards and Military Stations.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 137. - An Act to make further Provision

with respect to Monies received from Savings Banks and Friendly Societies.

23 A24 Vict. c. 142.

An Act to make better Provision for the Union of contiguous Benefices in Cities, Towns, and Boroughs.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 144.

An Act to amend the Procedure and Powers of the Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes.

The Militia (Ballot) Act, 1860.

The Admiralty Offences (Colonial) Act, 1860.

The Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1860.

The Solicitors Act, 1860.

The Excise on Spirits Act, 1860.

The East India Loan Act, 1860.

The Roman Catholic Charities Act, 1860.

The Metropolitan Police Act, 1860.

The National Debt Commissioners (Investments) Act, 1860.

The Union of Benefices Act, 1860.

The Matrimonial Causes Act, 1860.

182 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896.

69 & 60 Vrer.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

— j 23 & 24 Vict. c. 146.- An Act to amend the Act for regulating Measures used in Sales of Gas. The Sale of Gas Act, 1860.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 149.- An Act to make better Provision for the Relief of Prisoners in Contempt of the High Court of Chancery, and Pauper Defendants; and for the more efficient Despatch of Business in the said Court. The Conrt of Chancery Act* 1860.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 3. An Act to make further Provision respecting certain Payments to and from the Bank of England, and to increase the Facilities for the Transfer of Stocks and Annuities, and for other Purposes. The Bank of England Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 11. - An Act to afford Facilities for the better Ascertainment of the Law of Foreign Countries when pleaded in Courts within Her Majesty's Dominions. The Foreign Law Ascertainment Act, 1861.

24 & 26 Vict. c. 14. - An Act to grant additional facilities for depositing small Savings at Interest, with the Security of the Government for due Repayment thereof. The Post Office Savings Bank Act* 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 18. - An Act to make Provision for the Dissolution of Combinations. of Parishes in Scotland as to the Management of the Poor. The Poor Law (Scotland) (No. 1) Act* 1861.

24 & 26 Vict. c. 21. - An Act for granting to Her Majesty certain Duties of Excise and Stamps. The Revenue (No. 1) Act, 1861.

24 & 26 Vict. c. 26. - An Act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise Money in the United Kingdom for the Service of the Government of India. The East India Loan Act* 1861.

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 183

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title. j

24 & 25 Vict 25 Vict. c. 81. - An Act for the Prevention and i Punishment of Offences committed by Her Majesty's Subjects within certain Territories adjacent to the Colony of Sierra Leona. The Sierra Leone Offences Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 36. - An Act to amend the Boundaries of Burgh Extension (Scotland) Act. The Boundaries of Burghs Extension (Scotland) Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 37. - An Act to simplify the Mode of raising the Assessment for the Poor in Scotland. The Poor Law (Scotland) (No. 2) Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 44. - # V. t' \ An Act to remove Doubts respecting the Authority of the Legislature of Queensland, and to annex certain Territories to the Colony of South Australia, and for other Purposes. The AustralianColonies Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict 25 Vict. c. 46. - An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made under an Act of the Fifteenth Year of Her present Majesty, to facilitate Arrangements for the Belief of Turnpike Trusts; and to extend the Provisions of the said Act. The Turnpike Trusts Belief Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 51. - An Act for granting Pensions to some Officers and Men in the Metropolitan Police Force; and for other Purposes. The Metropolitan Police Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 53. - An Act to provide that Votes at Elections for the Universities may be recorded by means of Voting Papers. The University Elections Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 54- - An Act to confirm certain Appointments in India, and to amend the Law concerning the Civil Service there. The Indian Civil Service Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 55. - An Act to amend the Laws regarding the Removal of the Poor and the contribution of Parishes to the Common Funds in Unions. The Poor Removal Act, 1861.

184 Ch. 14.

Short Titles 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 56. - An Act to make Provision for Salaries for the Revising Barristers for the City of Dublin. The Dublin Revising Barristers Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 60. - An Act to amend the Act of the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Sixty-nine, so far as relates to the Time thereby limited for the Publication of the Lists of Voters objected to in Ireland. The Representation of the People (Ireland) Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 62. - An Act to amend the Act of the Ninth Year of King George the Third, Chapter Sixteen, for quieting Possessions and Titles against the Crown, and also certain Acts for the like Object relating to Suits by the Duke of Cornwall. The Crown Saits Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 71. - An Act to provide for the Performance of Duties heretofore performed by the Paymaster of Civil Services in Ireland in relation to Advances and Repayments of Public Moneys for Public Works. The Public Works (Ireland) Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 72. - An Act to make further provision for the Regulation of the British White Herring Fishery in Scotland. The White Herring Fishery (Scotland) Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 76. - An Act to amend the Law relating to the Removal of Poor Persons to Ireland. The Poor Removal (No. 2) Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 79. An Act to amend the Metropolis Gas Act. The Metropolis Gas Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 84. - An Act to amend the Law in Scotland relative to the Resignation, Powers, and Liabilities of gratuitous Trustees. The Trusts (Scotland) Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 91. - An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Inland Revenue. The Revenue (No. 2) Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 92. - An Act to amend the Law for the Collection of the Stamp Duties on Probates, Administrations, Inventories, Legacies, and Successions. The Probate Duty Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 94. - An Act to consolidate and amend the Statute Law of England and Ireland relating to Accessories to and Abettors of indictable Offences. Digil The Accessories and Abettors Act, 1861.

1896,

Short Titlea Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 185

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 96. - An Act to consolidate and amend the Statute Law of England and Ireland relating to Larceny and other similar offences. The Larceny Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 97. - An Act to consolidate and amend the Statute Law of England and Ireland relating to Malicious Injuries to Property. The Malicious Damage Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 98. - An Act to consolidate and amend the Statute Law of England and Ireland relating to indictable Offences by Forgery. The Forgery Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 99. - An Act to consolidate and amend the Statute Law of the United Kingdom against Offences relating to the Coin. The Coinage Offences Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 100. - An Act to consolidate and amend the Statute Law of England and Ireland relating to Offences against the Person. The Offences against the Person Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 104. - An Act for establishing High Courts of Judicature in England. The Indian High Courts Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 105. - An Act to prevent the future Grant by Copy of Court Roll and certain Leases of Lands and Hereditaments in England belonging to Ecclesiastical Benefices. The Ecclesiastical Leases Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 111. - An Act to amend The Probates " and Letters of Administration " Act (Ireland), 1857." The Court of Probate (Ireland) Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 112. - An Act for the Appropriation of the Seats vacated by the Disfranchisement of the Boroughs of Sudbury and Saint Alban. The Birkenhead Enfranchisement Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict 25 Vict. c. 114. - An Act to amend the Law with respect to Wills of Personal Estate made by British Subjects. The Wills Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 121. - An Act to amend the Law in relation to the Wills and Domicile of British Subjects dying whilst resident Abroad, and of Foreign Subjects dying whilst resident within Her Majesty's Dominions. The Domicile Act, 1861.

186 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896.

69 & 60 Vior.

Session and Chapter. 24 & 25 Vict. c. 123.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 124. -24 & 25 Vict. c. 125.

24 & 26 Vict. c. 131.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 4.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 7.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 11. -25 & 26 Vict. c. 14.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 16.

Title.

An Act to reduce and alter the Bate of Daly payable on Proceedings under the Statute of the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of Victoria, chapter Seventy-two, Section Eighty-eight; and for other purposes.

An Act for amending the Law relating to the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District; and for other purposes.

An Act to enable Overseers in populous parishes to provide Offices for the proper discharge of parochial business.

An Act to oobthiae the Act cen-

corning the Management of Episcopal and Capitular Estates in England, and farther to amend certain Acts relating to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England.

An Act to enable Her Majesty to issue Commissions to the Officers of Her Majesty's Land Forces and Royal Marines, and to Adjutants and Quartermasters of Her Militia and Volunteer Forces, without affixing Her Royal Sign Manual thereto.

An Act to provide for the Registration and Transfer of India Stocks at the Bank of Ireland, and for the mutual Transfer of such Stocks from and to the Banks of England and Ireland respectively.

An Act to explain an Act intituled " An Act for the better Govem- ment of Her Majesty's Australian Colonies."

An Act to extend to the Isle of Man the Provisions of the Act Eighteenth and Nineteenth Victoria, Chapter Ninety, as to the Payment of Costs to and by the Crown.

An Act to define the Powers of the President and Fellows of the King and Queen's College of Physicians in Ireland with res-pedt to the Election of its Fellows.

[Short Title.]

The Landed Estates Court (Ireland) Act, 1861.

The Metropolitan Police (Receiver) Act, 1861.

The Parochial Offices Act, 1861.

The Episcopal 'and Capitular Estates Act, 1861.

The Officers Commissions Act, 1862.

The India Stock Transfer Act, 1862.

The Australian Constitutions Act, 1862.

The Crown Suits (Isle of Man) Act, 1862.

The College of Physicians (Ireland) Act, 1862.

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 187

Session end Chapter. 26 A 26 Viec. 18.

26 & 26 Vict. c. 20. 26 & 26 Vict. c. 22.

26 & 26 Vict. c. 29.

26 & 26 Vict. c. 38.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 43.

26 & 26 Vict. c. 44. 26 & 26 Vict. c. 60.

25 & 26 Vict. «. 62.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 58.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 64. 25 A, 26 Vict. c. 65 *

25 & 26 Vict. c. 58.

Title.

[Short Title.]

An Act to amend the Law as to The Whipping Act, the whipping of Juvenile and 1862. other Offenders.

An Act respecting the Issue of The Habeas Corpus Writs of Habeas Corpus out of Act, 1862.

England into Her Majesty's -Possessions Abroad.

An Act to continue certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue for the service of Her Majesty, and to grant, alter, and repeal certain other Duties.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Acta for the . improvement - of landed property in Ireland.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Sale of Spirits.

An Act to provide for the Education and Maintenance of Pauper Children in certain Schools and Institutions.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the giving of Aid to discharged Prisoners.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend, " and ends with the words "Summary Jurisdiction in Ireland."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend an Act, " and ends with the words "belonging to Ecclesiastical Benefices."

An Act to facilitate the Proof of Title to, and the Conveyance of, Real Estates.

An Act to make further Provision respecting Lunacy in Scotland.

An Act for the Settlement -of a Loan due from the Island of Jamaica to the Imperial Government.

An Act to make further Provision with respect to the raising of Money for erecting and improving Parochial Buildings in Scotland.

The Revenue Act, 1862.

The Landed Property Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1862.

The Sale of Spirits Act, 1862.

The Poor Law (Certified Schools) Act, 1862.

The Discharged Prisoners' Aid Act, 1862.

The Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland) Act, 1862.

The Ecclesiastical Leases Act, 1862.

The Land Registry Act, 1862.

The Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1862.

The Jamaica Loan Act, 1862.

The Parochial Buildings (Scotland) Act, 1862.

188 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

25 & 26 Vict 26 Vict. c. 59. - An Act to render Owners of Dogs in Ireland liable for Injuries to Sheep. The Dogs (Ireland) Act, 1862.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 61. - An Act for the better Management of Highways in England. The Highway Act 1862.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 62. - An Act to amend the Law relating to the Duration of contested Elections for Counties in Ireland, and for establishing additional Places for taking the Poll thereat. The County Elections (Ireland) Act, 1862.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 68. - An Act for amending the Law relating to Copyright in Works of the Fine Arts, and for repressing the Commission of Fraud in the Production and Sale of such Works. The Fine Arts Copyright Act, 1862.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 82. - An Act for the more economical Recovery of Poor Rates and other Local Bates and Taxes. The Poor Rates Recovery Act, 1862.

25 A26 Vict. c. 88. - An Act to amend the Laws in force for the Belief of the destitute Poor in Ireland, and to continue the Powers of the Commis- The Poor Belief (Ireland) Act, 1862.

sioners.

25 A26 Vict. c. 91. - An Act to incorporate the General Council of Medical Education and Registration of the United Kingdom, and for other purposes. The Medical Council Act, 1862.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 92. An Act to limit the Time for proceeding to Elections in Counties and Boroughs in Ireland. The Elections (Ire- . land) Act, 1862. 1

25 & 26 Vict. c. 100. - An Act to authorize Improvement Commissioners acting as Burial Boards to mortgage certain Bates for the Purposes of the Burial Acts. The Burial Act, 1862.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 102. - An Act to amend the Metropolis Local Management Acts. The Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1862.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 106. - An Act to amend the Law relating to the Appointment of County Surveyors in Ireland. The County Surveyors (Ireland) Act, 1862.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 112. - An Act for establishing the Jurisdiction of the Charity Commissioners in certain Cases. The Charitable Trusts Act, 1862.

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 189

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 113. - An Act to amend the Law relating to the Removal of poor Persons from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England and Ireland. The Poor Removal Act, 1862.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 114. - An Act for the Prevention of Poaching. The Poaching Prevention Act, 1862.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 13. - An Act for the Protection of certain Garden or Ornamental Grounds in Cities and Boroughs. The Town Gardens Protection Act, 1863.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 14. - An Act to amend the Law relating to Post Office Savings Banks. The Post Office Savings Bank Act, 1863.

26 & 27 Vict 27 Vict. c. 20. - An Act to further limit and define the Time for proceeding to Election during the Recess. The Elections in Recess Act, 1868.

26 & 27 Vict 27 Vict. c. 21. - An Act to amend the Law enabling Boards of Guardians to recover Costs of Maintenance of illegitimate Children in certain Cases in Ireland. The Bastardy (Ireland) Act, 1863.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 23. - An Act to alter the Boundaries of New Zealand. The New Zealand' Boundaries Act, 1863.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 25. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to make further Provision, " and ends with the words "Chapter Ninety-two." The Savings Bank Investment Act, 1863.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 27. - An Act to amend the Law relating to Marriages in Ireland. The Marriage Law (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1863.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 29. - j)1 An Act to amend and continue the Law relating to Corrupt Practices at Elections of Members of Parliament. The Corrupt Practices-Prevention Act, 1863.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 31. - An Act for the Government of th e Cayman Islands. The Cayman Island* Act, 1863.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 33. - 1 1 An Act for granting to Her Majesty certain Duties of Inland Revenue, and to amend the Laws relating to the Inland Revenue. The Revenue Act, 1863.

26 & 27 Vict c. 35. - 1 An Act for the Prevention and Punishment of Offences committed by Her Majesty's subjects in .South Africa. | 0 The South Africa Offences Act, 1863-

190 Ch. 14. Short Titles Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict&

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 41. - An Act to amend the Law respecting the Liability of Innkeepers, and to prevent certain Frauds upon them. The Innkeepers' Liability Act, 1863.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 43. An Act to enable Her Majesty's Postmaster General to sell and otherwise dispose of Land. The Post Office Lands Act, 1863.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 44. - An Act for the further Security of the Persons of Her Majesty's Subjects from personal violence. The Garrotters Act, 1863.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 47. - An Act for removing Doubts as to the Powers of the Courts of the Church of Scotland, and extending the Powers of the said Courts. The Church of Scotland Courts Act, 1863.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 50. An Act to continue the Powers of the Commissioners under the Salmon Fisheries (Scotland) Act until the First day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, and to amend the said Act. The Salmon Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1863.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 52. - An Act to further extend and make compulsory the Practice of Vaccination in Ireland. The Vaccination (Ireland) Act, 1863.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 61. - An Act to prevent Waywardens contracting for Works within their own District. The Highway Act, 1863.

26 & 27 Vict 27 Vict. c. 62. - An Act to amend the Law relating to the Seizure of growing Crops in Ireland. The Seizure of Crops (Ireland) Act, 1863.

26 & 27 Vict c. 76. - An Act to determine the Timo at which Letters Patent shall take effect in the Colonies. The Colonial Letters Patent Act, 1863.

26 & 27 Vict c. 77. - An Act to amend the Law relating to the Jurisdiction of Justices residing or being out of the County for which they are Justices. The Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1863.

26 & 27 Vict 27 Vict. c. 82. - An Act to empower the Bishops of Welsh Dioceses to facilitate the making Provision for English Services in certain Parishes in Wales. The Church Services (Wales) Act, 1863.

26 & 27 Vict c. 84. - An Act to confirm certain Acts of Colonial Legislatures. The Colonial Acts Confirmation Act, h,

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14u 191

Session and Chapter.

26 & 27 Vict. a 87.,

26 & 27 Vict. c. 89.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 100.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 103. -26 & 27 Vict. c. 105.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 106.

.26 & 27 Vict. c. 108.-

26 & 27 Vict. c. 109.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 7.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 8.

27 & 28 Vict c. 18. -27 & 28 Vict. c. 20.

Title.

[Short Title.]

An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Savings Banks.

The. Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1863.

An Act for the further Amendment The Poor Removal of the Law relating to the Act, 1863.

Removal of poor Persons, Natives of Ireland, from England.

An Act to render Owners of Dogs The Dogs* (Scotland) in Scotland liable in certain Cases Act, 1863. for Injuries done by their Dogs to Sheep and Cattle.

An Act to amend the Law in certain ' The Misappropriation Cases of Misappropriation by by Servants Act. Servants of the Property of their 1863.

Masters.

An Act to remove certain Restric- The Promissory Notes tions on the Negotiation of Act, 1863. Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum.

An Act to further amend the Law The Charity Lands relating to the conveyance of Land Act, 1863. for Charitable Uses.

An Act to extend and make compul- The Vaccination (Scot-sory the Practice of Vaccination land) Act, 1863. in Scotland.

An Act for remedying certain De- > The Prisoners Remo-fects in the Law relating to the val (Scotland) Act, Removal of Prisoners iu Scotland. | 1863.

An Act to amend the Law relating I The Bills of Exchange to Bills of Exchange and Pro- (Ireland) Act, 1864. missory Notes in Ireland.

An Act to amend the Laws re- . The Conveyancers l&ting to Conveyancers, Special i (Ireland) Act, 1864. Pleaders, and Draughtsmen in Equity practising in Ireland. !

An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue.

An Act to remove certain Restrictions on the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum in Ireland.

02

The Revenue (No. 1) Act, 1864.

The Promissory Notes (Ireland) Act, 1864.

192 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 22. - I An Act to amend the Laws which i regulate the registration of Par- I liamentary Voters in Counties in | Ireland. | The Registration of County Voters (Ireland) Act, 1864.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 27. - An Act for regulating the Proving and Sale of Chain Cables and Anchors. The Chain Cable and Anchor Act, 1864.

27 & 28 Vict 28 Vict. c. 82. - An Act to enable certain Banking Copartnerships which shall discontinue the Issue of their own Bank Notes to sue and be sued by their Public Officer. The Banking Copartnerships Act, 1864.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 34. - An Act for amending the Law relating to Seats in the House of Commons of Persons holding certain Public Offices. The House of Commons (Vacation of Seats) Act, 1864.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 38. - An Act to facilitate the Redemption of Chief Rents in Ireland. The Chief Rents Redemption (Ireland) Act, 1864.

27 & 28 Vict 28 Vict. c. 40. - An Act for authorizing the Relinquishment in favour of the Xing of the Hellenes of certain Money payable in respect of the Greek Loan. The Greek Loan Act, 1864.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 42. - An Act to provide Superannuation Allowances to Officers of Unions and Parishes. The Poor Law Officers Superannuation Act, 1864.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 43. - An Act to grant additional facilities for the Purchase of small Government Annuities, and for assuring Payments of Money ou Death. The Government Annuities Act, 1864.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 44. - An Act to amend the Act relating to Divorce and Matrimonial Causes in England, Twentieth and Twenty-first Victoria, Chapter Eighty-five. The Matrimonial Causes Act, 1864.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 46. - An Act to provide for the Investment and Appropriation of all Monies received by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt on account of Deferred Life Annuities and Payments to be made on Death. The Government Annuities (Investments) Act, 1864.

27 & 26 Vict. c. 52. - An Act to amend the Law relating to the Valuation of Rateable Property in Ireland. The Valuation (Ireland) Act, 1864. zed by (jOCK^IC

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 193

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 55. - i 1 An Act for the better Regulation of Street Music within the Metropolitan Police District. The Metropolitan Police Act, 1864.

j 27 & 28 Vict. c. 56. -, | An Act for granting to Her Majesty certain Stamp Duties, and to amend the Laws relating to the Inland Revenue. The Revenue (No. 2) Act, 1864.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 59. - An Act to continue the Deputy, Commissioners in Lunacy in Scotland, and to make further Provision for the Salaries of the Deputy Commissioners, Secretary, and Clerk of the General Board of Lunacy in Scotland. The Lunacy Board (Scotland) Act, 1864.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 67. - An Act to amend the Law iu certain Cases relating to Trespasses in Pursuit of Game. The Game Trespass Act, 1864.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 70. - An Act to substitute fixed instead | of fluctuating Incomes for the Members of certain minor Corporations in certain of the Cathedral Churches in England. The Cathedrals Act, 1864.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 72. - An Act to explain certain Provisions contained in the Drainage and Improvement of Land (Ireland) Act, 1863. The Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act, 1864.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 76. - An Act to make valid defective Registration of Deeds in certain Cases, and to substitute Stamps in lieu of the Pees now payable on Proceedings in the Registrar of Deeds Office in Ireland. The Registration of Deeds (Ireland) Act, 1864.

27 h28 Vict. c. 78. - An Act for impressing by Machinery Sigratures of Names on Bank Notes and certain Bills of the Bank of Ireland. The Bank Notes (Ireland) Act, 1864.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 86. - An Act to permit for a limited Period Compositions for Stamp Duty on Bank Post Bills of Five Pounds and upwards in Ireland. The Bank Post Bills Composition (Ireland) Act, 1864.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 94. An Act to remove Disabilities affecting the Bishops and Clergy of the Protestant Episcopal Church in Scotland. The Episcopal Church (Scotland) Act, 1864.

194 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 95, - An Act to Amend the Act Ninth and Tenth Victoria, chapter Ninety-three, for compensating the Families of Persons killed by Accident. The Fatal Accidents Act, 1864.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 96. - 1 An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to enable, " and ends with the words "for regulating the Sale of Gras." The Sale of Gas (Scotland) Act, 1864.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 105. - An Act to explain the Statutes of Her present Majesty for amending the Laws relating to the 1 Removal of the Poor. | The Poor Removal Act, 1864.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 106. - 1 An Act to authorize the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to make Provision in regard to the Salaries of certain Sheriffs Substitute in Scotland. The Sheriffs Substitute Act, 1864.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 112. - An Act to amend the Law relating to future Judgments, Statutes, and Recognizances. | The Judgments Act, 1864.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 114. - The Improvement of Land Act, 1864. The Improvement of Land Act, 1864.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 118. - An Act to amend the Acts relating | to Salmon Fisheries in Scotland. The Salmon Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1864.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 1. - An Act to amend certain clerical Errors in the Civil Bill Courts Procedure Amendment Act (Ireland), 1864. The Civil Bill Court (Ireland) Act, 1865.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 2. An Act to extend the Powers now vested in Justices of the Peace to grant licences to deal in Game to the Divisional Magistrates within the Police District of Dublin Metropolis. The Sale of Game (Dublin) Act, 1860.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 15. - An Act to extend the term for granting fresh Letters Patent for the High Courts in India, and to make further Provision respecting the Territorial Jurisdiction of the said Courts. The Indian High Courts Act, 1865.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 17. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to enlarge, " and ends with the words "Lieutenant - Governorships in India." The Government of India Act, 1865.

1896,

Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14.

195

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 18. - An Act for amending the Law of Evidence and Practice on Criminal Trials. The Criminal Procedure Act, 1865.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 22. - An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Scottish Herring Fisheries. The Herring Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1865.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 26. - An Act to provide for Super&nnua -tion Allowances to Officers of Unions in Ireland. The Union Officer* Superannuation (Ireland) Act, 1865.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 27. - An Act for awarding Costs in certain cases of Private Bills. The Parliamentary Costs Act, 1865.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 30. - An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue. The Revenue Actr 1865.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 40. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to extend, " and ends with the words "Mortgages and Wills." The Lancaster Palatine Court Act, 1865.

28 & 29 Vict c. 43. - An Act to provide for the Security of Property of Married Women separated from their Husbands in Ireland. The Married Women's* Property (Ireland) Act, 1865.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 46. - An Act to suspend the making of Lists and the Ballots for the Militia of the United Kingdom. The Militia (Ballot Suspension) Act, 1865.

28 & 29 Vict c. 54. > An Act to alter the Days between which Pheasants may not be killed in Ireland. The Pheasants (Ireland) Act, 1865.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 57. - An Act to amend certain Provisions in "The Ecclesiastical Leasing Act, 1858." The Ecclesiastical Leases Act, 1865.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 60. - An Act to render Owners of Dogs in England and Wales liable for Injuries to Cattle and Sheep. The Dogs Act, 1865.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 63. - An Act to remove Doubts as to the Validity of Colonial Laws; The Colonial Laws Validity Act, 1865.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 64. - An Act to remove Doubts respecting the Validity of certain Marriages contracted in Her Majesty's Possessions abroad. The Colonial Marriages Act, 1865.

28 & 29 Vict c. 65. - An Act to explain the Defence Act, 1860. The Defence Act, 1865.

196 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

Sefisiou and Chapter.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 68.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 60.

* 28 & 29 Vict. c. 96.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 102.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 113.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 12. -29 & 30 Vict. c. 18.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 25.

29 A30 Vict. c. 26.

29 & 80 Vict. c. 31.

/ 29 & 30 Vict. c. 32. -. 29 & 30 Vict. c. 36.

Title.

An Act to enable the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England to grant Superannuation Allowances to Persons employed in their Service.

[Short Title.]

The Ecclesiastical Commissioners (Superannuation) Act, 1865.

An Act further to amend and render The Parsonages Act, more effectual the Law for pro- 1865. viding fit Houses for the Beneficed Clergy, and for other purposes.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Inland Revenue.

The Revenue (No. 2) Act, 1865.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend/' and ends with the words "to amend the said Act."

The Smoke Nuisance (Scotland) Act, 1865.

An Act to authorise the Payment of Retiring Pensions to Colonial Governors.

The Colonial Gover-no rs (Pensions) Act,

1865.

An Act to make Provision for the Government of Jamaica.

The Jamaica Act, 1866.

An Act the title of which begins The India Military with the words "An Act to make Funds Act, 1866. Provision, " and ends with the words "for India in Council."

An Act to consolidate and amend the several Laws regulating the Preparation, Issue, and Payment of Exchequer Bills and Bonds.

The Exchequer Bills and Bonds Act, 1866.

An Act to secure the Repayment of Public Moneys advanced for the Drainage and Improvement of Lands and other like Objects in Ireland.

The Landed Property Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1866.

An Act to provide for Superannuation Allowances to Officers of Vestries and other Boards within the area of the Metropolis Local Management Act.

The Superannuation (Metropolis) Act, 1866.

An Act further to amend the Pro- The Matrimonial cedure and Powers of the Court Causes Act, 1866. for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes.

An Act to grant, alter, and repeal The Revenue Act, 1866. certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 197

Session and Chapter.

29 & 30 Vict 30 Vict. c. 38.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 40.

29 & 30 Vict 30 Vict. c. 42. 29 & 30 Vict. c. 45.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 47. 29 & 30 Vict. c. 52.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 53. 29 & 30 Vict. c. 54. 29 & 30 Vict. c. 55. 29 & 30 Vict. c. 73

29 & 30 Vict. c. 75.

Title.

[Short Title.]

An Act to enable Boards of Guardians in Ireland to provide Coffins and Shrouds for the Burial of poor Persons who, at the Time of their Death, were not in receipt of Relief from the Poor Rates.

An Act to authorize a further Advance of Money for the purposes of Improvement of Landed Property in Ireland.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Life Insurances in Ireland.

An Act to extend the Provisions of the Acts for the Encouragement of the Sea Fisheries in Ireland, by promoting and aiding, with Grants of Public Money, the Construction of Piers, Harbours, and other Works.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to legalize/* and ends with the words "Army Prize Money."

An Act to extend the Law relating to the Expenses of Prosecutions, and to make provision for Expenses on Charges of Felony and certain Misdemeanors before examining Magistrates.

An Act to amend certain Provisions of the Sheriff Court Houses (Scotland) Act, 1860.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Qualifications of Revising Barristers.

An Act to enable the Postmaster-General to sit in the House of Commons.

An Act to authorise for a further Period the Application of Money for the Purposes of Loans for carrying on Public Works in Ireland.

An Act to amend and explain the Act of the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of Victoria, Chapter Fifty-eight, relating to Parochial Buildings in Scotland.

The Poor Persons Burial (Ireland) Act, 1866.

The Drainage and Improvement of Land (Ireland) Act, 1866.

The Life Insurance (Ireland) Act, 1866.

The Piers and Harbours (Ireland) Act, 1866.

The Indian Prize Money Act, 1866.

The Prosecutions Expenses Act, 1866.

The Sheriff Court Houses (Scotland) Act, 1866.

The Revising Barristers Act, 1866.

The Post Office (Postmaster - General) Act, 1866.

The Public Works (Ireland) Act, 1866.

The Parochial Buildings (Scotland) Act, 1866.

198 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1898.

59 & 60 Vict.-

Seseion and Chapter.

Title.

Short Tide.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 88. -29 & 30 Vict. c. 103. -29 & 30 Vict. c. 10*.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 111. -29 & 30 Vict. c. 113.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 115.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 5.

80 & 31 Vict 31 Vict. c. 17.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 19.

80 & 31 Vict. c. 29.

80 & 31 Vict. c. 35.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 36.

An Act to validate certain Licences granted in Ireland for the Establishment of Oyster Beds.

An Act to amend an Act to consolidate the Laws relating to the Constabulary Force in Ireland.

An Act to guarantee the Liquidation of Bonds issued for the Repayment of Advances made out of Public Funds for the Service of the Colony of New Zealand.

An Act to further amend the Acts relating to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England.

An Act to amend the Act providing Superannuation Allowances to Officers of Unions and Parishes, and to make other amendments in the Laws relating to the Belief of the Poor.

An Act to provide for the Government of the " Straits Settlements."

An Act to repeal the Duties of Assessed Taxes on Dogs, and to impose in lieu thereof a Duty of Excise.

An Act to regulate the Court and Office of the Lyon King of Arms in Scotland, and the Emolnments of the Officers of the same.

An Act to amend the Petty Sessions Act (Ireland), 1851, as to the backing of Warrants.

An Act to amend the Law in respect of the Sale and Purchase of Shares in Joint Stock Banking Companies.

An Act to remove some defects in the Administration of the Criminal Law.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to authorize, " and ends with the words "Sheriff of the City of Chester."

The Oyster Beds (Ireland) Act, 1866.

The Constabulary (Ireland) Act, 1866.

The New Zealand Loans Act, 1866.

The Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1866.

The Poor Law Amendment Act, 1866.

The Straits Settlements Act, 1866.

The Dog Licences Act, 1867.

The Lyon King of Arms Act, 1867.

The Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1867.

The Banking Companies' (Shares) Act, 1867.

The Criminal Law Amendment Act, 1867.

The Chester Courts Act, 1867.

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 199

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

SO A31 Vict. c. 39. An Act for amending the Law with respect to the Accounts of the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District; and for other Purposes relating to the Metropolitan Police. The Metropolitan Police (Receiver) Act, 1867.

30 A31 Vict- c. 46. - An Act to amend the Law relating to the Office of County Treasurer in Ireland. The County Treasurers (Ireland) Act, 1867.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 47. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend, " and ends with the words "and on Judgments." The Lis Pendens Act, 1867.

30 «fc 31 Vict. c. 50. - An Act to afford further Facilities for the Erection of certain Bridges in Ireland. The Bridges (Ireland) Act, 1867.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 54. - An Act to amend the Law of Charitable Donations and Bequests in Ireland. The Charitable Donations and Bequests (Ireland) Act, 1867.

30 A31 Vict. c. 60. - An Act to amend certain Acts relating to Linen, Hempen, and other Manufactures in Ireland. The Textile Manufac -tares (Ireland), Act, 1867.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 62. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to abolish, " and ends with the words "Franchise or Right." The Test Abolition Act, 1867.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 69. - An Act to explain the Operation of an Act passed in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth years of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and thirteen, intituled " An Act " to amend the Law relating to " the Administration of the Estates of deceased Persons." The Real Estate Charges Act, 1867.

30 & 31 Vict c. 72. - An Act for abolishing the Office of Vice-President of the Board of Trade and substituting a Secretary with a Seat in Parliament. The Board of Trade (Parliamentary Secretary) Act, 1867.

30 & 31 Vict 31 Vict c. 81, - An Act to simplify the Forms of Prorogation during the Recess of Parliament. The Prorogation Act, 1867.

30 & 31 Vict c. 85. - An Act to include the whole of the Burgh of Galashiels within the County, Sheriffdom, and Commissariot of Selkirk. The Galashiels Act, 1867.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 90. - An Act to alter certain Duties and to amend the Laws relating to the Inland Revenue. The Revenue Act, 1867.

200 Ch. 14.

Short Titles, 1896.

59 & 60 VICT.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Tide.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 95. - An Act to amend the Laws regulating the Superannuation Allowances of the Dublin Metropolitan Police. The Dublin Police Act, 1867.

30 A31 Vict. c. 104. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend, " and ends with the words "in relation to Railways." The Railways (Ireland) Act, 1867.

30 A31 Vict. c. 112. - An Act to provide further Facilities for the Repair of Roads, Bridges, and other Public Works in Ireland in case of sudden Damage. The Public Works (Ireland) Act, 1$67.

80 A31 Vict. c. 116. - An Act to amend the Act of the Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Victoria, Chapter Fifty, for regulating the Keeping of Dogs, and for the Protection of Sheep and other Property from Dogs, in Ireland. The Dogs (Ireland) Act, 1867.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 118. - An Act to provide for the Appointment of the Officers and Servants of District Lunatic Asylums in Ireland, and to alter and amend the Law relating to the Custody of dangerous Lunatics and dangerous Idiots in Ireland. The Lunacy (Ireland) Act, 1867.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 135. - An Act for the Establishment of a Table of Fees to be taken on the Consecration of Churches, Chapels, and Burial Grounds, on the Ordination of Deacons and Priests, and on Visitations. The Ecclesiastical Fees Act, 1867.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 136. - An Act to enable the Courts of Referees to administer Oaths, and award Costs in certain Cases, in the same Manner as Committees on Private Bills. The Parliamentary Costs Act, 1867.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 4. An Act to amend the Law relating to Sales of Reversions. The Sales of Reversions Act, 1867.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 9. An Act to regulate the Disposal of extra Receipts of Public Departments. The Exchequer Extra Receipts Act, 1868.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 26. - An Act to enable certain guaranteed Indian Railway Companies to raise Money on Debenture Stock. The Indian Railway Companies Act, 1868.

31 & 32 Vict* c. 28. An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Income Tax. Dig The Revenue Act, 1868.

1896.

Short Titles, 1896. Ch. 14. 201

Session and Chapter.

Title.

[Short Title.]

81 & 32 Vict. c. 34.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 38.

An Act to alter some Provisions in the existing Acts as to Registration of Writs in certain Registers in Scotland.

An Act for the Appropriation of I certain unclaimed Shares of Price Money acquired by Soldiers and Seamen in India.

The Writs Registration (Scotland) Act, 1868.

The Indian Prize Money Act, 1868.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 47. 31 & 32 Vict. c. 60.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 62.

81 & 32 Vict. c. 74.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 88.

- An Act to amend " The Consecration of Churchyards Act, " 1867."

The Consecration of Churchyards Act, 1868.

- An Act to amend the Acts for the The Lanark Prisons Administration of Prisons in Act, 1868.

Scotland, in so far as regards the County of Lanark; and for other Purposes.

- An Act to extend the Provisions of " The Renewable Leasehold Conversion (Ireland) Act " to certain Leasehold Tenures in Ireland.

The Renewable Leaseholds Conversion (Ireland) Act, 1868.

- An Act to extend the Powers of Poor Law Inspectors and Medical Inspectors in Ireland.

The Poor Law Inspectors (Ireland) Act, 1868.

An Act for transferring the Pee and other Funds of the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer in Ireland to the Consolidated Fund.

The Court of Chancery and Exchequer Funds (Ireland) Act, 1868.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 89.

An Act the title of which begins The Inclosure, &c. with the words "An Act to alter Expenses Act, 1868. certain Provisions, " and ends with the words "and Tithe Office."

31 & 32 Vict. c. 95.

An Act to amend the Procedure in the Court of Justiciary and other Criminal Courts in Scotland.

The Justiciary Court (Scotland) Act, 1868.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 98.

An Act to make provision for the payment of salaries to clerks of the peace and clerks of the Crown in certain boroughs in Ireland.

The Borough Clerks of the Peace (Ireland) Act, 1868.

31 A82 Vict. c. 103.

An Act to amend the Law which regulates the Burials of Persons in Ireland not belonging to the Established Church.

The Burial (Ireland) Act, 1868.

262 Ch. 14.

Short Titles 1&96.

59 & 60 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. ! Title. |

81 & 32 Vict. c. 116. -1 An Act to amend the Law relating to Larceny and Embezzlement. The Larceny Act, 1868.

31 & 32 Vict 32 Vict. c. 117. - An Act to amend the District Church Tithes Act, 1865, and to secure Uniformity of Designation amongst Incumbents in certain cases., The Incumbent Act, 1868.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 120. - An Act to relieve the Consolidated Fund from the Charge of the Salaries of future Bishops, Archdeacons, Ministers, and other Persons in the West Indies. The West Indies (Salaries) Act, 1868.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 124. - An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Inland Revenue. The Inland Revenue Act, 1868.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 14. - An Act to amend certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, and to repeal and alter other Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue. The Revenue Act, 1869.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 15. - An Act to remove doubts as to the qualification of persons holding Civil Service Pensions, or receiving Superannuation Allowances, to sit in Parliament. The Pensioners Civil Disabilities Relief Act, 1869.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 26. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to extend to Burial Grounds," and ends with the words "Property for such Purposes." The Trustee Appointment Act, 1869.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 34. - An Act to amend the Law concerning the appointment of Deputies by Stipendiary Magistrates. The Stipendiary Magistrates' Act, 1809.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 36. - An Act to amend the Court of Session Act, 1863, in so far as the exemption of Lighthouse Keepers and their assistants from serving on Juries is thereby abolished. The Juries (Lighthouse Keepers' Exemption) Act, 1869.

32 & 83 Vict. c. 46. - An Act to abolish the distinction as to priority of payment which now exists between the specialty and simple contract debts of deceased persons. The Administration of Estates Act, 1869.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 54. - An Act to amend the Act of the first and second Years of Victoria, chapter fifty-six, intituled An Act for the more effectual Belief of the destitute Poor in Ireland. The Poor Relief (Ireland) Act, 186a; d by

4896.

Short Titles Act, 1896. '

Ch. 14w 203

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

82 439 Vict. c. 74. - 1 An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to extend/* and ends with the words "and premises held on public trusts." The Public Works (Ireland) Act, 1869.

82 433 Vict. c. 84. - An Act to abolish the office of Corsitor of the Court of Chancery in the palatine of Durham. The Durham Chancery Act, 1869.

32 & 83 Vict. c. 94. - An Act to amend the New Parishes Acts and Church Building Acts. The New Parishes Acts and Church Building Acts Amendment Act, 1869.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 97. - An Act to amend in certain respects the Act for the better Government of India. The Government of India Act, 1869.

32 & 33 Vict c. 98. - An Act to define the powers of the Governor-General of India in Council at meetings for making laws and regulations for certain purposes. The Indian Councils Act, 1869.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 106. - An Act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise Money in the United Kingdom for the Service of the Government of India. The East India Loan Act, 1869.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 109. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for repealing, " and ends with the words "consequent on nonresidence." The Residence of Incumbents Act, 1869.

824 33 Vict c. 117. - An Act to amend the Pharmacy Act, 1868. The Pharmacy Act, 1869.

33 & 34 Vict c. 3. An Act to make better provision for making laws and regulations for certain parts of India, and for certain other purposes relating thereto. The Government of India Act, 1870.

33 434 Vict. c. 11. An Act to enable the officers employed in the Collector-General of Rates* office in the city of Dublin to vote at Parliamentary Elections for that city. The Dublin Collector-General of Rates Act, 1870.

204 jCh. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 23. - An Act to abolish Forfeitures for Treason and Felony, and to otherwise amend the Law relating thereto. The Forfeiture Act, 1870.

38 & 34 Vict. c. 26. - An Act to regulate the Sale of Poisons in Ireland. The Poisons (Ireland) Act, 1870.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 34. - An Act to amend the Law as to the Investment on Real Securities of Trust Funds held for public and charitable purposes. The Charitable Funds Investment Act, 1870.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 37. - An Act to enable the senior Magistrate of populous places in Scotland to act ex officio as a Justice of the Peace and Commissioner of Supply for the County in which the said populous place is situated. The Magistrates (Scotland) Act, 1870.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 39. - An Act to facilitate transfers of Ecclesiastical Patronage in certain cases. The Church Patronage Act, 1870.

83 & 84 Vict. c. 42. - An Act to empower Magistrates and Town Councils of burghs in Scotland to abolish Petty Customs, and to levy a rate in lieu thereof. The Burgh Customs (Scotland) Act, 1870.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 59. - An Act to render valid certain Contracts informally executed in India. The East India Contracts Act, 1870.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 67. - An Act to shorten the time of Active Service in the Army, and to amend in certain respects the Law of Enlistment. The Reserve Forces Act, 1870.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 86. - An Act to amend and extend the Act sixteenth and seventeenth Victoria, chapter ninety-two, to make further provision for uniting counties in Scotland in so far as regards the jurisdiction of the Sheriff; and also to make certain provisions regarding the duties of Sheriffs and Sheriffs Substitute in Scotland. The Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1870.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 89. - An Act to enable the Governors of Queen Anne's Bounty to provide Superannuation Allowances for their Officers. Rini The Queen Anne's Bounty (Superannuation) Act, 1870. ili-7CkH hw (TT

1896.

Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 205

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 3. An Act to empower Committees on Bills confirming or giving effect to Provisional Orders to award costs and examine witnesses on oath. The Parliamentary Costs Act, 1871.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 8. - An Act for extending the Jurisdiction of the Courts of the West African Settlements to certain Offences committed out of Her Majesty's Dominions. The West Africa Offences Act, 1871.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 15. - An Act to amend the Metropolitan Poor Act, 1867. The Metropolitan Poor Act, 1871.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 18. - An Act to amend the Law disqualifying Attorneys, Solicitors, and Proctors in practice from being Justices of the Peace for counties. The Justices Qualification Act, 1871.

34 & 35 Vict 35 Vict. c. 29. - An Act to facilitate the Payment of Dividends on India Stocks. The India Stock Dividends Act, 1871.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 34. - i An Act to extend in certain respects the power of Local Legislatures in India as regards European British Subjects. The Indian Councils Act, 1871.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 53. - An Act to repeal an Act for preventing the assumption of certain Ecclesiastical Titles in respect of places in the United Kingdom. The Ecclesiastical Titles Act, 1871.

34 & 35 Vict 35 Vict. c. 62. - An Act to enable Her Majesty to make Regulations relative to the leave of absence of Indian Bishops on furlough and medical certificates. The Indian Bishops Act, 1871.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 72. - An Act for the further Protection of Purchasers against Crown Debts, and for amending the Laws relating to the office of the Registrar of Judgments and other offices of the Court of Chancery, Ireland. The Judgments Registry (Ireland) Act 1871.

34 & 85 Vict. c. 73. - An Act for making Regulations as to the office of Clerk of the Peace for the County Palatine of Lancaster. P The Lancaster County Clerk Act, 1871.

206 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896. 59 & 60 VicflV

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

84 & 35 Vict. c. 79. - An Act to protect the Good* of Lodgers against Distresses for Kent dne to the Superior Landlord. The Lodgers' Goods Protection Act, 1871.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 92. - An Act to amend the Landlord and Tenant (Ireland) Act, 1870. The Landlord and Tenant (Ireland) Act, 1871.

34 & 35 Vict 35 Vict. c. 103. - An Act to amend the Law relating to the Customs and Inland i Revenue. | The House Tax Act, 1871.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 106.-; 1 1 An Act the title of which begins | with the words "An Act to make provision, " and ends with the words "by Grand Juries in certain cases." The Detached Portions of Counties (Ireland) Act, 1871.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 109. - An Act to amend the Law relating to the Local Government of Towns and populous Places in Ireland. The Local Government (Ireland) Act. 1871.

84 & 35 Vict. c. 114. - | An Act to amend the Tramways (Ireland) Acts, 1860 and 1861. The Tramways (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1871.

38 & 86 Vict. c. 10. - i An Act to extend tire provisions of I the Acts relating to Marriages in England and Ireland, so hr as they relate to Marriages accord* - ing to the'usages of the Society of Friends. The Marriage (Society of Friends) Act, 1872.

36 & 36 Vict. c. 14. - | An Act for the Alteration of Boun- The Diocesan Boundaries of Dipceses. 1 daries Act, 1872.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 19. - An Act for the Prevention and Punishment of Criminal Outrages upon Natives of the Islands in the Pacific Ocean. The Pacific Islanders Protection Act, 1872.

85 & 36 Vict. c. 25. - An Act to amend the Juries Act The Juries (Ireland)

(Ireland), 1871, Act, 1872.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 36. - j I An Act to render it unlawful to demand any .Fee or Reward for the Celebration of the Sacrament of Baptism, pr the Registry thereof. The Baptismal Fees Abolition Act, 1872.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 42. - i i i An Act the title of which begins with the words u An Act to amend, " and ends with the words "with public money." The Grand Jury (Ireland) Act, 1872:

85 & 36 Vict. c. 52. i An Act to regulate the summoning The Middlesex Grand

of Grand Juries in Middlesex. c Juries Act, 1872.

1896.

Short Titles 1896

Ch. 14. 207

Session and Chapter.

36 & 36 Vict 36 Vict. c. 61. -36 & 36 Vict. c. 75.

85 & 36 Vict. c. 89. -36 & 36 Vict. c. 91: -

35 & 36 Vict. c. 96.

36 & 37 Vict 37 Vict. c. 12.

86 & 37 Vict. c. 32.

86 & 37 Vict. c. 34.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 43. -86 & 37 Vict 37 Vict. c. 52.

86 & 37 Vict. c. 63. -36 & 37 Vict. c. 65. -36 & 37 Vict 37 Vict. c. 68.

Title.

Short Tide.

An Act to regulate the use of Steam Whistles in certain Manufactories.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to provide, " and ends with the words "and other Courts in Ireland."

An Act to amend the Act providing Superannuation Allowances to Officers of Unions in Ireland.

An Act to authorise the Application of Funds of Municipal Corporations and other governing bodies in certain cases.

An Act to amend the Ecclesiastical Dilapidations Act, 1871; and for other purposes.

An Act to amend the Law as to the Custody of Infants.

An Act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise Money in the United Kingdom for the Service of the Government of India.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend, " and ends with the words by Grand Juries in Ireland."

An Act to enable Indian Railway Companies to issue and register Shares and Securities in India.

An Act for the Belief of Widows and Children of Intestates where the personal estate is of small value.

An - Act to amend the Law relating to Law Agents practising in Scotland.

The Steam Whistles Act, 1872.

The Commissioners for Oaths (Ireland) Act, 1872.

The Union Officers (Ireland) Act, 1872.

The Borough Funds Act, 1872.

The Ecclesiastical Dilapidations Act, 1872.

The Custody of Infants Act, 1873.

The East India Loan Act, 1873.

The Grand Jury (Ireland) Act, 1873.

The Indian Railway Companies Act, 1873.

The Intestates Act, 1873.

The Law Agents (Scotland) Act, 1873.

An Act to regulate the Summoning of Grand Juries in the Court of Queen's Bench in Ireland.

The County and City of Dublin Grand Juries Act, 1873.

An Act for extending the period of Service in the Militia; and for other purposes.

The Militia (Lands and Buildings) Act, 1873.

208 Ch. 14.

59 & 60 Vict.

Short Titles Act, 1896.

Session and Chapter.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 3.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 12.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 20.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 23.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 37.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 38.

37 A 8 - Vict. c. 41.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 52.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 63.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 66.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 82.

Title.

[Short Title.]

- An Act to enable the Secretary of The East India Loan State in Council of India to raise Act, 1874.

Money in the United Kingdom for the Service of the Govern* ment of India.

- An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to make provision/* and ends with the words "for India in Council *

The East India Annuity Funds Act, 1874.

An Act to provide for the Exemption of Churches and Chapels in Scotland from Local Bates and Assessment.

The Bating Exemptions (Scotland) Act, 1874.

- An Act to amend the Acts regulating the Salaries of Besident Magistrates in Ireland and the Salaries of the Chief Commissioner and Assistant Commissioner of Police of the Police District of Dublin Metropolis.

_ An Act to alter and amend the Law as to Appointments under Powers not exclusive.

An Act to extend the Jurisdiction of Courts of the Colony of the Straits Settlements to certain Crimes and Offences committed out of the Colony.

An Act to amend the Colonial Attornies Relief Act.

- An Act to make regulations for preventing Collisions in the Sea Channels leading to the River Mersey.

- An Act to facilitate the re-arrangement of the Boundaries of Archdeaconries and Rural Deaneries.

An Act to enlarge the Jurisdiction of the Civil BUI Courts in Ireland

iu respect to the recovery of Balances due on partnership Accounts, and in respect of Actions involving Questions of Title to corporeal and incorporeal Hereditaments.

An Act to alter and amend the Laws relating to the Appointment of Ministers to Parishes in Scotland.

The Resident Magistrates and Police Commissioners Salaries Act, 1874.

The Powers of Appointment Act, 1874.

The Straits Settlements Offences Act, 1874.

The Colonial Attorneys Relief Act, 1874.

The Mersey Collisions Act, 1874.

The Archdeaconries and Rural Deaneries Act, 1874.

The Civil Bill Courts (Ireland) Act, 1874.

The Church Patronage (Scotland) Act, 1874.

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 209

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 89. - An Act to amend and extend the Sanitary Laws. The Sanitary Law Amendment Act, 1874.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 91. - An Act to amend the Law relating to the Council of the Governor-General of India. The Indian Councils Act, 1874.

88 & 39 Vict. c. 5. - An Act to amend the Law relating to the Registry of Deeds Office, Ireland. The Registry of Deeds (Ireland) Act, 1876.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 12. - An Act to amend the Law relating to International Copyright. The International Copyright Act, 1875.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 26. - An Act to amend the Law of Bankruptcy in Scotland. The Bankruptcy (Scotland) Act, 1875.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 27. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to extend, " and ends with the words "is of small value." The Intestates Act, 1875.

88 & 39 Vict. c. 33. - An Act to amend the Metropolis Management Acts. The Metropolis Management Act, 1875.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 47. - An Act to amend the Law in regard to Constables and Peace Officers in Scotland. The Constables (Scotland) Act, 1875.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 64. - An Act to amend the Qualification required by Persons acting as Justices of the Peace. The Justices Qualification Act, 1875.

89 & 40 Vict. c. 7. - An Act to amend the Law relating to certain Appointments to the Council of India. The Council of India Act, 1876.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 10. - An Act to enable Her most Gracious Majesty to make an addition to the Royal Style and Titles appertaining to the Imperial Crown of the United Kingdom and its Dependencies. The Royal Titles Actr 1876.

89 & 40 Vict c. 12. - An Act to assimilate the Law of Scotland to that of England respecting the creation of Burgesses. The Burgesses Qualification (Scotland) Act, 1876.

89 & 40 Vict c. 26. - An Act to amend the Law in Scotland in regard to the Division of Burghs into Wards. The Burgh Wards (Scotland) Act, 1876.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 34 - An Act to amend the Law relating to Elver Fishing. The Elver Fishing Act, 1876.

210 Ch. 14.

Short Titles, 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 38. - An Act to extend the Limits of Age up to which, with the assent of J Boards of Guardians, orphan and ! deserted pauper Children may be supported out of Workhouses in | Ireland. 1 The Pauper Children (Ireland) Act, 1876.

39 40 Vict. c. 41. - An Act to remove Restrictions on the granting of Qualifications for:Registration under the Medical Act on the ground of Sex. The Medical Ad, 1876.

39 A40 Vict. c. 46. - An Act for more effectually punishing Offences against the Laws relating to the Slave Trade. The Slave Trade Act, 187&

39 & 10 Vict. c. 65. - An Act to amend the Tramways 1 (Ireland) Act, 1860, mid the Tramways (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1861, as regards the application of the same to the county and the county of the city of Dublin. The Tramways (Ireland) Amendment (Dublin) Ad, 1876.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 11. - An Act to make provision with The Jurisdiction in

' respect to Judicial proceedings in certain cases relating to Rating. Rating Ad, 1877.

40 A41 Vict. c. 14. - An Act for the amendment of the Law of Evidence in certain cases of misdemeanours. The Evidence Act, 1877.

40 41 Vict c. 17. - An Act to amend the Law relating to the Division of Courts of Quarter Sessions in Boroughs. The Borough Quarter Sessions Act, 1877.

40 & 41 Vict c. 33. - An Act to amend the Law as to Contingent Remainders. The Contingent Remainders Act, 1877.

40 41 Vict c. 84. - An Act to amend the Acts seventeenth and eighteenth Victoria, chapter one hundred and thirteen, and thirtieth and thirty* first Victoria, chapter sixty-nine. The Real Estate Charges Act, 1877.

40 & 41 Vict c. 40. - An Act to amend the Form of Warrant of Execution on certain Extracts of Writs registered in the Books of Council and Session and Sheriff Court Books in Scotland; and to provide for the Authentication of certain Extracts of Writs. The Writs Execution (Scotland) Act, 1877.

40 & 41 Vict c. 51. - An Act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise Money in the United Kingdom for the Service of the Government of India. The East India Loan Ad, 1877.

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 211

Session and Chapter,

41 & 42 Vict 42 Vict. c. 12.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 24.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 42.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 47.

42 & 43 Vict 43 Vict. c. 32. -42 & 43 Vict 43 Vict. c. 43.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 52.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 60.

43 Vict. c. 7.

43 & 44 Vict. c. 1.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 16. A 45 Vict. c. 19.

Title.

[Short Title.]

An Act for the Prevention of Accidents by Threshing Machines.

The Threshing

Machines Act, 1878.

An Act to amend the Public Works Loans (Ireland) Act, 1877, so far as relates to Lunatic Asylums.

i

[An Act to amend and further extend ! the Acts for the Commutation of | Tithes in England and Wales.

The Lunatic Asylums Loans (Ireland) Act, 1878.

The Tithe Act, 1878.

An Act to enable the Trustees of the Elders Widows* Fund to the Capital of the said ud in aid of Income; and for other purposes in relation thereto.

The Elders Widows* Fund (India) Act, 1878.

An Act to bring into force the The Military Prisons Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879.

Act, 1879, and for other purposes.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to enable, *' and ends with the words "Secretary of State under that Act *

The East Indian Railway (Redemption of Annuities) Act, 1879.

An Act to appoint additional Commissioners for executing the Acts granting a land tax and other rates and taxes.

The Land Tax Commissioners (Names) Act, 1879.

An Act to enable the Secretary of . State in Council of India to raise money in the United Kingdom for the service of the Government of India.

The East India Loan Act, 1879.

An Act to amend the Law in regard The Roads Amendment to charging Road Debts on En-; Act, 1880. tailed Estates in Scotland. i

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to appoint, " and ends with the words "Loans by those Commissioners.

An Act to appoint additional Commissioners for executing the Act for granting a Land Tax and other Rates and Taxes.

The Public Works Loans Act, 1880.

The Land Tax Commissioners (Names) Act, 1881.

An Act for further regulating the Transmission of Newspapers.

The Post Office (Newspaper) Act, 1881.

212 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. J Tide. !

44 & 45 Vict 45 Vict. c. 35. - An Act to amend the Law relating to Coroners in Ireland. The Coroners (Ireland) Act, 1881.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 45. An Act to make provision for the transfer of the Assets and Lia- i hilities of the Provident Branch 1 of the Bombay Civil Fond and j other funds to the Secretary of | State for India in Council. i 1 The Bombay Civil Fund Act, 1882.

47 & 48 Vict. c. 56. - An Act to declare the Law relating to the Incorporation of Chartered Companies. The Chartered Companies Act, 1884.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 4. - An Act to amend the Forty-third Section of the Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884. The Yorkshire Regis* tries Amendment Act, 1884.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 28. - An Act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise Money in the United Kingdom for the Service of the Government of Indio. The East India Loan Act, 1895.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 48. - An Act for restitution of the ancient dignity and title of Earl of Mar. The Earldom of Mar Restitution Act, 1885.

49 & 50 Vict. c. 20. - An Act to amend the Law in respect to the Discovery and Interment of Persons drowned. j The Burial of Drowned Persons Act, 1886.

49 & 50 Vict. c. 46. An Act to amend the Act of the Sixth and Seventh years of William the Fourth, chapter one hundred and eight. The Public Works Loans (Ireland) Act, 1886.

56 & 57 Vict. c. 31. - An Act to explain the Rivers Pollution Prevention Act, 1876. The Rivers Pollution Prevention Act, 1893.

56 & 57 Vict. c. 36. - An Act to amend the Law of Distress and Small Debts (Ireland) Act, 1888. The Law of Distress and Small Debts (Ireland) Act, 1893.

1890.

Short Titles, 1896. Ch. 14. 213

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Collective Titles.

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

5&6 Will. & Mar. c. 20. 8 & 9 Will. 3. c. 20.

7 Anne, c. 30.

8 Anne, c. 1.

3 Geo. 1. c. 8.

1 Geo. 2. stat. 2. c. 8.

2 Geo. 2. c. 3.

15 Geo. 2. c. 13.

19 Geo. 2. c. 6. -24 Geo. 2. c. 4.

39 & 40 Geo. 3. c. 28. 56 Geo. 3. c. 96.

59 Geo. 3. c. 76.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 98. -7 & 8 Vict. c. 32.

16 & 17 Vict c. 2.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 3.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 34.

55 & 56 Vict. c. 48.

The Bank of England Act, 1694 The Bank of England Act, 1696 - The Bank of England Act, 1708 -

The Bank of England Act, 1709 - The Bank of England Act, 1716 - The Bank of England Act, 1727 - The Bank of England Act, 1728 - The Bank of England Act, 1741 -

The Bank of England Act, 1745 - The Bank of England Act, 1750 - The Bank of England Act, 1800 - The Bank of England Act, 1816 - The Bank of England Act, 1819 - The Bank of England Act, 1833 - The Bank Charter Act, 1844 The Bank Notes Act, 1852 - The Bank of England Act, 1861 -

The Bank of England (Election of Directors) Act, 1872.

The Bank Act, 1892 -

Collective Title.

The Bank of England Acts, 1694 to 1892.

48 Geo. 3. c. 103.

I & 2 Geo. 4. c. 72.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 31. -35 & 36 Vict. c. 5.

55 & 56 Vict. c. 48.

7 Geo. 4. c. 6.

7 Geo. 4. c. 46.

9 Geo. 4. c. 23.

9 Geo. 4. c. 65.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 83. -16 & 17 Vict. c. 2.

5 Geo. 3. c. 49.

7 Geo. 4. c. 67.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 38.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 63.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 73.

6 Geo. 4. c. 42.

9 Geo. 4. c. 65.

9 Geo. 4. c. 80.

9 Geo. 4. c. 81.

II Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4. c. 82.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 87.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 78. -27 & 28 Vict. c. 86.

The Bank of Ireland Act, 1808)

The Bank of Ireland Act, 1821 -

The Bank of Ireland Act, 1860 - 1

The Bank of Ireland Charter [Amendment Act, 1872. I

The Bank Act, 1892 -

The Bank Notes Act, 1826

The Country Bankers Act, 1826 -

The Bank Notes Act, 1828 - I

The Bank Notes (No. 2) Act, 1828 f

The Bank Notes Act, 1833

The Bank Notes Act, 1852 -J

The Bank Notes (Scotland) Act/) 1765.

The Bankers (Scotland) Act, 1826 The Bank Notes (Scotland) Act, I 1845. r

The Bankers* Composition (Scotland) Act, 1853.

The Bankers (Scotland) Act, 1854 J

The Bankers (Ireland) Act, 1825 The Bank Notes (No. 2) Act, 1828 The Bankers' Composition (Ireland) Act, 1828.

The Bank Notes (Ireland) Act, 1828 The Banks (Ireland) Act, 1830 -

The Bankers (Ireland) Act, 1845 - The Bank Notes (Ireland) Act, 1864 The Bank Post Bills Composition (Ireland) Act, 1864.]

The Bank of Ireland Acts, 1808 to 1892.

The Bank Notes Acts, 1826 to 1852.

The Bank Notes (Soot-land) Acts, 1765 to 1854.

The Bank Notes (Ireland) Acts, 1825 to 1864.

214 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896. 59 & 60 VICT.

Session and Chapter.

16 & 47 Vict. c. 52.

47 & 48 Vict. c. 9.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 47.

49 & 50 Vict. c. 12.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 66.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 62. -58 & 54 Vict. c. 71.

[Short Title.]

The Bankruptcy Act, 1883 -

The Bankruptcy Appeals (County Courts) Act, 1884.

The Bankruptcy (Office Accommodation) Act, 1885.

The Bankruptcy (Office Accommodation) Act, 1886.

The Bankruptcy (Discharge aDd Closure) Act, 1887.

The Preferential Payments in Bankruptcy Act, 1888.

The Bankruptcy Act, 1890

Collective Title.

The Bankruptcy Acts, 1883 to 1890.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 79.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 19.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 26.

48 & 44 Vict. c. 84. 44 & 45 Vict. c. 22.

The Bankruptcy (Scotland) Act, "] 1856.

The Bankruptcy and Real Securities (Scotland) Act, 1857.

The Bankruptcy (Scotland) Act, > 1875.

The Debtors (Scotland) Act, 1880 The Bankruptcy and Cessio (Scotland) Act, 1881.]

The Bankruptcy (Scotland) Acts, 1856 to 1881.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 74.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 61. 41 & 42 Vict. c. 14. 45 & 46 Vict. c. 30.

The Baths and Washhouses Act, ']

1846.

The Baths and Washhouses Act,

1847. I The Baths and Washhouses Act,

1878.

The Baths and Washhouses Act, 1882.

The Baths and Washhouses Acts, 1846 to 1882.

6 & 7 Will 4. t. 86.

7 Will. 4. and 1 Vict. c. 22.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 25. -37 & 38 Vict. c. 88.

The Births and Deaths Registration'] Act, 1836.

The Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1837. I

The Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1858.

The Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1874.]

The Births and Deaths Registration Acts, 1836 to 1874 *

17 & 18 Vict. c. 80.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 89. 28 & 24 Vict. c. 85.

The Registration of Births, Deaths, "! and Marriages (Scotland) Act,

1854.

The Registration of Births, Deaths, and Marriages (Scotland) Act, >

1855.

The Registration of Births, Deaths, and Marriages (Scotland) Act,

1860. Dig ti;

The Births, Deaths, and Marriages (Scotland) Acts, 1864 to 186a

ed by G O IC

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 215

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Collective Title.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 11. -48 & 44 Vict c. 13. The Registration of Births and" Deaths (Ireland) Act. 1 The Birt hs and Deaths Registration Act (Ireland), 1880. The Births and Deaths Registration (Ireland) Acts, 1863 to 1880.

14 Geo. 2. c. 33. 43 Geo. 3. c. 59. 52 Geo. 3. c. 110. 54 Geo. 3. c. 90. 55 Geo. 3. c. 143. The Bridges Act, 1740 - The Bridges Act, 1803 The Bridges Act, 1812 - - > The Bridges Act, 1814 The Bridges Act, 1815 The Bridges Acts, 1740 to 1815.

53 Geo. 3. c. 77. 4 A 5 Will. 4. c. 61. -6 & 7 Vict. c. 42. 13 & 14 Vict. c. 4. - 14 & 15 Vict. c. 21. -30 & 81 Vict c. 50. -38 & 39 Vict c. 46. - The Bridges (Ireland) Act, 1813 -"'l The Bridges (Ireland) Act, 1834 -i The Bridges (Ireland) Act, 1843 - The Bridges (Ireland) Act, 1850 - The Bridges (Ireland) Act, 1851 - The Bridges (Ireland) Act, 1867 - The Bridges (Ireland) Act, 1875 The Bridges (Ireland) Acts, 1813 to 1875.

7 Anne, c. 5. 4 Geo. 2. c. 21. 25 Geo. 2. c. 39. 13 Geo. 3. c. 21. The Foreign Protestants Naturalization Act, 1708. The British Nationality Act, 1730 - > The British Subjects Act, 1751 - I The British Nationality Act, 1772 - J The British Subjects Acts, 1708 to 1772.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 42. 88 & 89 Vict. c. 9. 40 & 41 Vict. c. 63. 47 & 48 Vict. c. 41. 57 & 58 Vict. c. 47.

The Building Societies Act, 1874 O The Building Societies Act, 1875 - ' The Building Societies Act, 1877 - > The Building Societies Act, 1884 - The Building Societies Act, 1894 -

The Building Societies Acts, 1874 to 1894.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 85.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 134.

17 & 18 Vict c. 87.

18 & 19 Vict c. 128. -20 & 21 Vict c. 35.

The Burial Act, 1852 The Burial Act, 1858 The Burial Act, 1854 The Burial Act, 1855 The City of London 1857.

Burial Act,

20 & 21 Vict. c. 81. - | The Burial Act, 1857

22 Vict c. 1. - - The Burial Act, 1859 -

23 & 24 Vict. c. 64. - ! The Burial Act, 1860

25 & 26 Vict c. 100. - ! The Burial Act, 1862 -

84 & 85 Vict. c. 33. - j The Burial Act, 1871

43 & 44 Vict. c. 41. - I The Burial Laws Amendment Act,

1880.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 2. - The Burial and .Registration Acts

(Doubts Removal) Act 1381.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 21. - The Burial Boards (Contested Elections) Act, 1885.

The Burial Acts, 1852 to 1885.

216 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

Session and Chapter.

18 & 19 Vicfc. c. 68. -20 & 21 Vict. c. 42. -49 & 50 Vict. c. 21.

5 Geo. 4. c. 25.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 38.

81 & 32 Vict. c. 103.

8kort Title.

Collective Title.

The Burial Grounds (Scotland) Act, 1855.

The Burial Grounds (Scotland) Act, 1857.

The Burial Grounds (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1886.

The Burial Grounds (Scotland) Acts, 1855 to 1886.

The Burial (Ireland) Act, 1824 -

The Poor Persons Burial (Ireland) Act, 1866.

The Burial (Ireland) Act, 1863

The Burial (Ireland) Acts, 1824 to 1863 .

16 & 17 Vict. c. 137. -18 & 19 Vict. c. 124.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 136. -25 & 26 Vict. c. 112.-32 & 33 Vict. c. 110. -50 & 51 Vict. c. 49. -54 & 55 Vict. c. 17.

57 & 58 Vict. c. 35.

The Charitable Trusts Act, 1853 The Charitable Trusts Amendment Act, 1855.

The Charitable Trusts Act, 1860 - The Charitable Trusts Act, 1862 - The Charitable Trusts Act, 1869 - The Charitable Trusts Act, 1887 - The Charitable Trusts (Recovery) Act, 1891.

The Charitable Trusts (Places of Religious Worship) Amendment Act, 1894.

The Charitable Trusts Acts, 1853 to 1894.

58 Geo. 3. c. 45.

59 Geo. 3. c. 134.

3 Geo. 4. c. 72.

5 Geo. 4. c. 103.

7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 72.

1 A 2 Will. 4. c. 39.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 61.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 107.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 49.

8 & 4 Vict. c. 60.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 56.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 70.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 68.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 37. 14 & 15 Vict. c. 97. 17 & 18 Vict. c. 32. 19 & 20 Vict. c. 55.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 94.

47 & 48 Vict. c. 65.

The Church Building Act, 1818 - The Church Building Act, 1819 -

The Church Building Act, 1822 -

The Church Building Act, 1824 - The Church Building Act, 1827 -

The Church Building Act, 1831 The Church Building Act, 1832 -

The Church Building Act, 1838 - The Church Building Act, 1839 -

The Church Building Act, 1840 -

The Church Building (Banns and Marriages) Act, 1844.

The Church Building Act, 1845 -

The Church Building (Burial Service in Chapels) Act, 1846.

The Church Building Act, 1848 -

The Church Building Act, 1851 -

The Church Building Act, 1854 - The Church Building Commissioners (Transfer of Powers) Act, 1856. The New Parishes Acts and Church Building Acts Amendment Act, 1869.

The New Parishes Acts and Church

The Church Building Acts, 1818 to 1884.

Building Acts Amendment Act,

1884.]

1896.

Short Titles, 1896. Ch. 14. 217

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. j

51 Geo. 3. c. 36.

1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 76. -9 Geo. 4. c. 37.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 129.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 48. -20 & 21 Vict. c. 1.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 53. -35 & 36 Vict. c. 73. s. 10.

The Cinque Porte Act, 1811 The Cinque Porte Act, 1821 The Cinque Porte Act, 1828 The Pilotage Law Amendment Act, 1853.

The Cinque Ports Act, 1855 The Cinque Porte Act, 1857 The Cinque Ports Act, 1869 The Merchant Shipping Act, 1872

25 & 26 Vict. c. 89. -27 & 28 Vict. c. 19. -30 & 31 Vict. c. 131. -33 & 34 Vict. c. 104.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 26.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 76.

43 Vict. c. 19.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 30.

49 & 50 Vict. c. 23. -53 & 54 Vict. c. 62.

53 & 54 Vict c. 63.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 64. -56 & 57 Vict. c. 58.

The Companies Act, 1862 The Companies Seals Act, 1864 The Companies Act, 1867 The Joint Stock Companies Arrangement Act, 1870.

The Companies Act, 1877 The Companies Act, 1879 - The Companies Act, 1880 -

The Companies (Colonial Registers) Act, 1683.

The Companies Act, 1886 The Companies (Memorandum of Association) Act, 1890.

The Companies (Winding-up) Act, 1890.

The Directors liability Act, 1890 - The Companies (Winding-up) Act, 1898.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 16.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 118. 32 & 33 Vict. c. 48.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 48.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 87.

The Companies Clauses Consolida*") tion Act, 1845.

The Companies Clauses Act, 1863 - I The Companies Clauses Act, 1869 - The Companies Clauses Consolida- [tion Act, 1888.

The Companies Clauses Consolida- | tion Act* 1889.]

Collective Title.

The Cinque Ports Acts, 1811 to 1872.

The Companies Acts, 1862 to 1893.

The Companies Clauses Acts, 1845 to 1889.

218 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896. 59 & 60 VICT.

Session and Chapte r.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 48., Part II.

55 & 56 Vict. c. 61. s. 4.

56 & 57 Vict. c. 35.

57 & 58 Vict. c. 50.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 13. -6 &7 Win. 4. c. 36. -2 & 3 Vict. c. 75.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 46.

9 A IQ Vict. c. 97.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 100.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 72. -14 & 15 Vict. 85. -22 & 23 Vict 23 Vict c. 22.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 70.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 46. -29 & 30 Vict. c. 103.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 83.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 80.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 20.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 63.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 14.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 12.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 4l.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 39. 55 & 56 Vict. c. 13.

[Short Title.]

Collective Title.

I The Purchase of Land (Ireland)')

I Act, 1891.

The Public Works Loans Act, 1892 | The Congested Districts Board (Ireland) Act, 1893.

The Congested Districts Board (Ireland) Act, 1894.

The Congested Dis tricts Board (Ireland) Acts.

The Constabulary (Ireland) Act, ') 1836 (No. 1).

The Constabulary (Ireland) Act, 1836 (No. 2).

The Constabulary (Ireland) Act, 1839.

, The Special Constables (Ireland) Act, 1845.

The Constabulary (Ireland) Act,

1846.

The Constabulary (Ireland) Act,

1847.

The Constabulary (Ireland) Act,

1848.

The Constabulary (Ireland) Act, 1851.

The Constabulary (Ireland) Act, 1859.

The Constabulary (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1865.

The Belfast Constabulary Act, 1866 The Constabulary (Ireland) Act, 1866.

The Constabulary (Ireland) Amend-.

ment Act, 1870.

The Constabulary (Ireland) Act, 1874.

The Constabulary (Ireland) Amendment A3t, 1877.

The Constabulary (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1882.

The Constabulary and Police (Ireland} Act, 1883.

The Constabulary (Ireland) Redistribution Act, 1885.]

The Constabulary (Ireland) Acta, 1836

to 1885.

The Conveyancing and Law of Pro) perty Act, 1881.

The Conveyancing Act, 1882 The Conveyancing and Law of Property Act, 1892.

1

J

The Conveyancing Acts, 18811* 1892»

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 219

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

8 Geo. 2. c. 13.

7 Geo. 3. c. 38.

15 Geo. 3. c. 53.

17 Geo. 3. c. 57.

54 Geo. 3. c. 56.

3 A 4 Will. 4. c. 15.

5 & 6 'Will. 4. c. 65.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 59.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 110. -5 & 6 Vict. c. 45.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 95. -25 & 26 Vict. c. 68. -45 & 46 Vict. c. 40.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 17.

The Engraving Copyright Act, 1734 The Engraving Copyright Act, 1766 The Copyright Act, 1775 - The Prints Copyright Act, 1777 - The Sculpture Copyright Act, 1814 The Dramatic Copyright Act, 1833 The Lectures Copyright Act, 1835 The Prints and Engravings Copyright (Ireland) Act, 1836.

The Copyright Act, 1836 - The Copyright Act, 1842 The Colonial Copyright Act, 1847 - The Fine Arts Copyright Act, 1862 The Copyright (Musical Compositions) Act, 1882.

The Copyright (Musical Compositions) Act, 1888.

Collective Title.

The Copyright Acts, 1734 to 1888.

10 Geo. 4. c. 37.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 89. 8 & 10 Vict. c. 37. 23 & 24 Vict. c. 74.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 35.

- The Coroners (Ireland) Act, 1829

- The Coroners (Ireland) Act, 1836 -

- The Coroners (Ireland) Act, 1846 - I

- The Borough Coroner (Ireland) f

Act, 1860.

- The Coroners (Ireland) Act, 1881 -J

The Coroners (Ireland) Acts, 1829 to 1881.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 57. 27 & 28 Vict. c. 99. 34 & 35 Vict. c. 99. 37 & 38 Vict. c. 66.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 71.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 56. 43 & 46 Vict. c. 29. 52 & 53 Vict. c. 48.

The Civil Bill Cotorts (Ireland) Act, ') 1851.

The Civil Bill Courts Procedure Amendment Act (Ireland), 1864.

The Civil Bill Courts Procedure Amendment Act (Ireland) 1871.

The Civil Bill Courts (Ireland) Act, 1874. I

The Chairman of Quarter Sessions (Ireland) Jurisdiction Act, 1876.

The County Officers and Courts (Ireland) Act, 1877.

The County . Court Amendment (Ireland) Act, 1882.

The County Coart Appeals (Ireland) Act, 1889.

The County Courts (Ireland) Acts, 1851 to 1889.

45 Geo. 3. c. 111.

47 Geo. 3. sess. 2. c. 50. 54 Geo. 3. c. 62.

1 A 2 Will. 4. c. 48. -3 A 4 Will. 4. c. 92.

The County Infirmaries (Ireland)' Act, 1805.

The County Infirmaries (Ireland) Act, 1807.

The County Infirmaries (Ireland) Act, 1814.

The County Infirmaries (Ireland) Act, 1831.

The County Infirmaries (Ireland) Act, 1833.

The County Infirmaries (Ireland) Acts. 1805 to 1833.

220 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

48 Geo. 3. c. 151.

50 Geo. 3. c. 112.

53 Geo. 3. c. 64.

59 Geo. 3. c. 45.

I A 2 Geo. 4. c. 38. -6 Geo. 4. c. 120.

II Geo. 4. and

The Court of Session Act, 1808 -

The Court of Session Act, 1810 -

The Court of Session Act, 1813 The Court of Session Act, 1819 The Court of Session Act, 1821 -

The Court of Session Act, 1825 -

The Court of Session Act, 1830 -

1 Will. 4. c. 69.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 86.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 118.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 36.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 36. 20 & 21 Vict. c. 18.

The Court of Session (No. 1) Act, 1838.

The Court of Session (No. 2) Act, 1838.

The Court of Session Act, 1839 The Court of Session Act, 1850 -

The Bill Chamber Procedure Act, 1857.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 56. -31 & 32 Vict. c. 100. 58 & 59 Vict. c. 19.

The Court of Session Act, 1857 The Court of Session Act, 1868 The Court of Session (Consignations) Scotland Act, 1895.

Collective Title.

The Court of Session Acts, 1808 to 1895.

10 Geo. 4. c. 50.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 1.

2 & 3 Will. 4. ©. 112.

3 A 4 Will. 4. c. 69.

5 A 6 Will. 4. c. 58.

5 Vict. c. 1.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 99.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 42.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 62.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 56. -29 & 30 Vict. c. 62. -36 & 37 Vict. c. 36. -48 & 49 Vict. c. 79. -57 & 58 Vict. c 43.

The Crown Lands Act, 1829 O The Crown Lands Act, 1832 The Crown Lands (Scotland) Act,

1832.

The Crown Lands (Scotland) Act,

1833.

The Crown Lands (Scotland) Act, 1835.

The Crown Lands Act, 1841 - >

The Crown Lands Act, 1845

The Crown Lands Act, 1851

The Crown Lands Act, 1852

The Crown Lands Act, 1853

The Crown Lands Act, 1866

The Crown Lands Act, 1873

The Crown Lands Act, 1885

The Crown Lands Act, 1894

The Crown Lands Acts, 1829 to 1894.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 94.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 67.

22 Vict. c. 12.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 112. 28 & 29 Vict. c. 65. 36 & 37 Vict. c. 72.

The Defence Act, 1842 The Defence Act, 1854 The Defence Act, 1859 The Defence Act, 1960 - - y

The Defence Act, 1865 -

The Defence Acts Amendment Act, 1873.

Tie Defence Acts, 1842 to 1873.

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 221

Seanon and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Collective Title.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 88.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 72.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 52.

82 & 33 Vict. c. 72. - j 35 & 36 Vict. c. 31.

i

37 & 38 Vict. c. 32.

l

41 & 42 Vict. c. 50. - . 43 & 44 Vict. c. 27. - J 55 & 56 Vict. c. 63. -

5 & 6 Vict. c. 89.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 69.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 4.

10 A It Vict. c. 79. -16 & 17 Vict. c. 130.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 110.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 62.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 23. -

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 19.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 45.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 84.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 47. -26 Geo. 3. c. 62.

28 Geo. 3. c. 29.

29 Geo. 3. c. 65.

31 Geo. 3. c. 11. -

33 Geo. 3. c. 47. - 1

i

34 Geo. 3. c. 41. -

51 Geo. 3. c. 64. -

21 & 22 Vict. c. 3. -I

The Drainage and Improvement of) Lands Act (Ireland), 1863 The Drainage and Improvement of Lands Act (Ireland), 1864.

The Drainage and Improvement of Lands Amendment Act (Ireland), 1865.

The Drainage and Improvement of Lands Amendment Act (Ireland), 1869.

The Drainage and Improvement of . Lands Amendment Act (I? eland), 1872.]

The Drainage and Improvement of I Lanas Amendment Act (Ireland), 1874.

The Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act, 1878.

The Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act, 1880.

The Drainage and Improvement of Land (Ireland) Act, 1892. J The Drainage (Ireland) Act, 1842 ") The Drainage i Ireland) Act, 1845 The Drainage (Ireland) Act, 1846 The Drainage (Ireland) Act, 1847 The Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act, 1853. f The Drainage and Improvement of j Lands (Ireland) Act, 1855.

The Draicage (Ireland) Act, 1856 The Public Works (Ireland) Act, 1857j | The Durham County Palatine Act,] 1836.

The Durham County Palatine Act, 1858.

The Durham Chancery Act, 1869 -

The Palatine Court of Durham Act, 1889. J j

The East India Company (Money) j Act, 1786.

The East India Company (Money) Act, 1788.

The East India Company (Money) Act, 1789. !

The East India Company (Money) j Act, 1791.

The East India Company (Money) Act, 1793.

The East India Company (Money) Act, 1794. i

The East India Company Bond* 1 Act, 1811. I

The East India Loins Act, 1S58 -J I

Q

The Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Acts, 1863 to 1892.

The Drainage and Navigation (Ireland) Acts, 1842, to 1857.

The Durham County Palatine Acts, 1836 to 1889.

The East India Company (Money) Acts. 1786 to 1858.

Short Titles Act, 1896. 59 & 60 VICR

Sewton and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

22 Vict. C. 11.

The East India Loan Act, 1859

CWleetlw Title.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 39.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 5.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 102.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 130.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 25.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 7.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 73.

32 & 33 Vict 33 Vict. c. 106.

The East India Loan (Ko. 2) Act, 1859.

The Indian Securities Act, 1860 -

The East India Stock Act, 1860 -

The East India Loan Act, 1860 -

The East India Loan Act^ 1861

The India Stock Transfer Act, 1862.

The India Stock Certificate Act, 1863.

The East India Loan Act, 1869

34 & 35 Vict. c. 29. 36 & 37 Vict. c. 17. 36 & 37 Vict. c. 32.

The India Stock Dividends Act, 1871

The East India Stock Dividend Redemption Act, 1873.

The East India Loan Act, 1873 -

The East India Loans Acts, 1859 to 1893.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 3.

- The East India Loan Act, 1874

40 & 41 Vict. c. 51.

The East India Loan Act, 1877

42 & 43 Vict. c. 60.

The East India Loan Act, 1879

43 Vict. c. 11. -48 & 49 Vict. c. 25. 48 & 49 Vict. c. 28. 56 & 57 Vict. c. 70.

The India Stock (Powers of Attorney) Act, 1880.

The East India Unclaimed Stock Act, 1885.

The East India Loan Act, 1885

The East India Loan Act, 1893

I

I

3 & 4 Vict. c. 113.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 39.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 94. 23 & 24 Vict. c. 124. 29 & 30 Vict. c. 111. 36 & 37 Vict. c. 64. 38 & 39 Vict. c. 71. 48 & 49 Vict. c. 31.

The Ecclesiastical Act, 1840.

The Ecclesiastical Act, 1841.

The Ecclesiastical Act, 1850.

The Ecclesiastical Act, 1860.

The Ecclesiastical Act, 1866.

The Ecclesiastical Act, 1873.

The Ecclesiastical Act, 1875.

The Ecclesiastical Act, 1885.

Commissioners '

Commissioners

Commissioners

Commissioners

Commissioners

Commissioners

Commissioners

Commissioners

The Ecclesiastical Commissioners Acts, 1840 to 1885.

1890.

Short Titles Act, 1890. Ch. 14. 223

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Collective Title.

27 Geo. 3. c. 44.

33 Geo. 3. c. 127.

54 Geo. 3. c. 68.

10 Geo. 4. c. 53.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 92.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 93.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 93.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 68.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 98.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 47.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 41. -21 & 22 Vict. c. 50.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 32. -35 & 36 Vict. c. 62.

The Ecclesiastical Suits Act, 1787 The Ecclesiastical Courts Act, 1813 The Proctors (Ireland) Act, 1814 - The Ecclesiastical Courts Act, 1829 The Privy Council Appeals Act, 1882.

The Ecclesiastical Courts (Contempt) Act, 1832.

The Ecclesiastical Courts Act, 1840 The Ecclesiastical Courts Act, 1844 The Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction Act, 1847.

The Ecclesiastical Courts Act, 1854 The Ecclesiastical Courts Act, 1855 The Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction Act, 1858.

The Ecclesiastical Courts Jurisdiction Act, 1860.]

The Education (Scotland) Act, 1872.

The Ecclesiastical Courts Acts, 1787 to 1860.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 78.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 18.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 56.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 75.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 43.

56 & 57 Vict. c. 12. 33 & 34 Vict. c. 75. 36 & 37 Vict. c. 86. 39 & 40 Vict. c. 70.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 48.

43 & 44 Vict. c. 23.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 22.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 56.

56 & 57 Vict. c. 42. 56 & 57 Vict. c. 51.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 56.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 87.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 87. 52 & 53 Vict. c. 40.

The Education (Scotland) Act,

1878.

The Public Schools (Scotland) Teachers Act, 1882.

The Education (Scotland) Act, 1883. S

The Parliamentary Grant (Caithness and Sutherland) Act, 1889. The Education of Blind and Deaf-Mute Children (Scotland) Act, .1890.

The Day Industrial Schools (Scotland) Act, 1893.]

The Elementary Education Act, j 1870.

The Elementary Education Act, 1873.

The Elementary Education Act, 1876.

The Elementary Education (Industrial Schools) Act, 1879.

The Elementary Education Act, 1880.

The Education Code Act, 1890 The Elementary Education Act, 1891.

The Elementary Education (Blind and Deaf Children) Act, 1893.

' Hie Elementary Education (School Attendance) Act, 1893.]

The Endowed Schools Act, 1869 - | The Endowed Schools Act, 1873 - The Endowed Schools Act, 1874 - The Wolsh Intermediate Education j Act, 1889.]

The Education (Scotland) Acts, 1872 to 1893.

The Elementary Education Acts, 1870 to 1893.

The Endowed Schools Acts, 1869 to 1889.

224 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

1685, c. 26. - - The Entail Act, 1685

20 Geo. 2. c. 50. ss. 14, The Tenures Abolition Act, 1746 -

15, 16, 17.

20 Geo. 2. c. 51. ss. 2, 3

10 Geo. 3. c. 51.

5 Geo. 4 c. 87.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 42. -3 & 4 Vict. c. 48.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 36. -16 & 17 Vict. c. 94. -23 & 24 Vict. c. 95. -31 & 32 Vict. c. 84. -38 & 39 Vict 39 Vict. c. 61. -41 & 42 Vict. c. 28. -41 & 42 Vict. c. 51.

s. 70.

43 Vict. c. 7.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 53.

The Sales to Crown Act, 1746 The Entail Improvement Act, 1770 The Entail Provisions Act, 1824 - The Entail Powers Act, 1836 The Entail Sites Act, 1810 - The Entail Amendment Act, 1348-The Entail Amendment Act, 1853 - The Entail Cottages Act, 1860 The Entail Amendment Act, 1868 - The Entail Amendment Act, 1875 -The Entail Amendment Act, 1878 - The Hoads and Bridges (Scotland) Act, 1878.

The Bonds Amendment Act, 1880 - The Entail (Scotland) Act, 1882 -

Collective Title.

The Entail Acta.

46 Geo. 3. c. 37.

55 Geo. 3. c. 157.

1 Geo. 4. c. 101.

1 Will. 4. c. 22.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 111.-3 & 4 Vict. c. 59. 6A7 Vict. c. 22.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 82.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 85. 8 & 9 Vict. c. 113.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 99.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 27.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 20. -16 & 17 Vict. c. 83. -19 & 20 Vict. c. 113.

22 Vict. c. 20.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 63.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 11.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 112.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 37.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 68.

The Witnesses Act, 1806 - -T The Evidence (Ireland) Act, 1815 - The Divorce Bills Evidence Act,

1820. I

The Evidence by Commission Act, 1831.

The Previous Conviction Act, 1836 The Evidence (Scotland) Act, 1840 The (Colonies)Evidence Act, 1843 The Evidence on Commission Act, 1843.

The Evidence Act, 1843 -

The Evidence Act, 1845 -

The Evidence Act, 1851 - - I

The Evidence (Scotland) Act, 1852 [

The Evidence (Scotland) Act, 1853 j The Evidence Amendment Act, 1853 I The Foreign Tribunals Evidence | Act, 1856.

The Evidence by Commission Act, 1859.

The British Law Ascertainment Act, 1859.

The Foreign Law Ascertainment Act, 1861.

The Evidence (Scotland) Act, 1866 '

The Docu mentary Evidence Act, 1868. !

The Evidence Further Amendment 1 I

The Evidence 1806 to 1895.

Acts,

37 & 38 Vict. c. 64.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 14. 45 & 46 Vict. 2. 9. 48 & 49 Vict. c. 74.

58 & 59 Vict. c. 9.

Act, 1869.

- The Evidence Further Amendment

(Scotland) Act, 1874.

- The Evidence Act, 1877 -

- The DocumentaryEvidence Act, 1882.

- The Evidence by Commission Act,

1835.

- i TheD ocu men tar j E vidence Act, 1895

by

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 226

Session and Chapter.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 16. 46 & 47 Vict. c. 53. 52 & 53 Vict. c. 62. 54 & 55 Vict. c. 75. 58 & 59 Vict. c. 37.

[Short Title.]

The Factory and Workshop Act, "' 1878.

The Factory and Workshop Act, 1883.

The Cotton Cloth Factories Act, 1889.

The Factory and Workshop Act, 1891.

The Factory and Workshop Act, 1895.

Collective Title.

The Factory and Workshop Acts, 1878 to 1895.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 1C6.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 108.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 108.

11 & 12 Vict. c. S2.-13 & 14 Vict. c. 88. -26 & 27 Vict. c. 114. -29 & 30 Vict. c. 88. -29 & 30 Vict. c. 97. -32 & 33 Vict. c. 9.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 92. A 45 Vict. c. 66. -47 & 48 Vict. c. 48.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 3C.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 74. -54 & 55 Vict. c. 20. -58 & 59 Vict. c. 29.

The Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1842

The Fisheiies (Ireland) Act, 1844 -

I The Fislieiies (Ireland) Act, 1845-

The Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1848-

The Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1850 -

The Salmon Fishery (Ireland) Act, 1863.

The Oyster Beds (Irelan>i) Act, 1866.

The Oyster Fishery (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1866. I

The Salmon Fishery (Ireland) Act, f 1869.

The Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1869 -

The Pollen Fishing (Ireland) Act, 1881.

The Oyster Cultivation (Ireland) Act, 1884.

The Fishery (Ireland) Act, 1888 -

The Steam Trawling (Ireland) Act, 18X9.

The Pollen Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1891.

The Fisheries Close Season (Ireland) Act, 1895.]

The Fisheries (Ireland) Acts, 1842 to 1895.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 60. 60 & 51 Vict. c. 56. 52 & 53 Vict. c. 22. 56 & 57 Vict. c. 30. 58 & 59 Vict. c. 26.

- The Friendly Societies Act, 1875

- The Friendly Societies Act, 1887

- The Friendly Societies Act, 1889

- The Friendly Societies Act, 1893

- The Friendly Societies Act, 1895

I

-J

The Friendly Societies Acts, 1875 to 1895.

226 Ch. 14.

Short Title» Act, 1896.

59 & 60 Vkx.

Session and Chapter.

10 Geo. 4. c. 24.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 59.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 24. -16 & 17 Vict. c. 45. -27 & 28 Vict. c. 43. -36 & 37 Vict. c. 44. -45 A46 Vict. c. 51.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 40., Parts II. and III.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 15 -

56 Geo. 3. c. 87.

3 A 4 Will. 4. c. 78.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 116.-

7 Will. 4 & 1 Vict. c. 2. 1 A2 Vict. c. 87.

6 Ik 7 Vict. c. 32.

Short Titia.

The Government Annuities Act, '

1829.

The Government Annuities Act,

1832.

The Government Annuities Act,

1833.

The Government Annuities Act,

1853.

The Government Annuities Act, 1864.

The Government Annuities Act, 1873.

The Government Annuities Act, 1882.

GsUsetive Title.

The Government Annuities Acts, 1829 to 1888.

Parts II. and III. of the Savings Banks Act, 1887.

The National Debt (Supplemental) Act, 1888. a

The Grand Juries (Ireland) Act, '

1816.

The Grand Jury (Ireland) Act,

1833.

The Grand Jury (Ireland) Act,

1836.

The Grand Jury (Ireland) Act,

1837.

The Grand Juries (Ireland) Act, 1838.

The Grand Jury (Ireland) Act, 1843.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 106.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 81.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 136.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 63.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 15.

The County Dublin Grand Jury Act, 1844.

The Grand Jury (Dublin) Act, 1845.

The Grand Jury (Ireland) Act, 1853.

The Grand Jury (Ireland) Act,

1856.

The Grand Juries (Ireland) Act,

1857.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 42. - ' The Grand Juries (Ireland) Act, ! 1872.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 34.

The Grand Juries (Ireland) Act, 1873.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 65. - The Queen's Bench (Ireland) Grand

Juries Act, 1873.

58 & 59 Vict. c. 8. - The Grand Jury (Ireland) Act,

1895.

The Grand Juries (Ireland) Acts, 1816 to 1895.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 89. 32 & 33 Vict. c. 44. 35 & 36 Vict. c. 67. 48 & 47 Vict. c. 32. 48 & 49 Vict. c. 42. 55 & 56 Vict. c. 34.

The Greenwich Hospital Act, 1865' The Greenwich Hospital Act, 1869 The Greenwich Hospital Act, 1872 The Greenwich Hospital Act, 1883 The Greenwich Hospital Act, 1885 The Naval Knights of Windsor (Dissolution) Act, 1892.

The Greenwich Hospital Acts, 1865 to 1892.

1896,

Short Titles Act, 1896.

[Off. 14. 227

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Collective Title.

11 Geo. 3. c. 31. 48 Geo. 3. c. 110. 55 Geo. 3. c. 94.

The White Herring Fisheries Act," 1771.

The Herring Fishery (Scotland) Act, 1808.

The Herring Fishery (Scotland) Act, 1815.

I & 2 Geo. 4. c. 79.

5 Geo. 4. c. 64.

II Geo. 4. A1 Will. 4.

The Herring Fishery (Scotland) Act, 1821.

The Fisheries Act, 1824 - The Fisheries (Sootland) Act, 1830

c. 54.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 26. 21 & 22 Vict. c. 69.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 92.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 72. 28 & 29 Vict. c. 22. 30 A31 Vict. c. 52.

52 A53 Vict. c. 23.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 10.

The Herring Fishery Act, 1851 The Herring Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1858. f

The Herring Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1860.

The Herring Fishery (Scotland) Act, 1861.

The Herring Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1865.

The Herring Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1867.

The Herring Fishery (Scotland) Act, 1889.

The Herring Fishery (Scotland) Act Amendment Act, 1890.

The Herring Fisheries (Scotland) Acts, 1821 to 1890.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 50.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 61.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 61.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 101. 41 & 42 Vict. c. 77.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 27.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 13.

The Highway Act, 1835 The Highway Act, 1862 The Highway Act, 1863 The Highway Act, 1864 The Highways and Locomotives (Amendment) Act, 1878.

The Highway Rate Assessment and Expenditure Act, 1882.

The Highway Act Amendment Act, 1885.

The Highway Acts, 1835 to 1885.

1 Geo. 1. st. 2. c. 56. ]5 Geo. 2. c. 22.

22 Geo. 3. c. 45.

41 Geo. 3. c. 52.

41 Geo. 3. c. 63.

52 Geo. 3. c. 144.

54 Geo. 3. c. 16.

1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 44.

The Crown Pensioners Disquali-") fication Act, 1715.

The House of Commons (Disqualification) Act, 1741.

The Honse of Commons (Disqualifications) Act, 1782.

The Honse of Commons (Disqualifications) Act, 1801. f

The House of Commons (Clergy f Disqualification) Act, 1801.

The Members of Parliament (Bankruptcy) Act, 1812.

The House of Commons (Disqualifications) Act, 1813.

The House of Commons (Disqualifications) Act, 1821.

The Honse of Commons (Disqualifications) Acts, 1715 to 1821.

228 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896,

59 & GO VICT.

Session and Chapter.

8 & 9 Vict. C. 118.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 70.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 111.-

11 & 12 Vict. c. 99.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 83.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 53.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 79. -17 & 18 Vict. c. 97.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 31. -22 & 23 Vict. c. 43. -31 & 32 Vict. c. 89.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 56.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 56.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 37. -45 & 46 Vict. c. 15.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 12.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 12.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 68. -38 & 39 Vict. c. 12.

49 & 50 Vict. c. 33.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 66.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 77.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 59.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 9. 42 & 43 Vict. c. 78. 44 & 45 Vict. c. 68. 47 & 48 Vict. c. 61. 50 & 51 Vict. c. 70.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 44.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 14. 54 & 55 Vict. c. 53. 57 & 58 Vict. c. 16.

[Short Title.]

Collective This.

The Inclose re Act, 1845

' The Inclosure Act, 1846 - The Inclosure Act, 1847 - The Inclosure Act, 1848 *

The Inclosure Act, 1849 - The Inclosure Commissioners Act, 1851.

The Inclosure Act, 1852 - The Inclosure Act, 1854 -

The Inclosure Act, 1857 -

The Inclosure Act, 1859 - The Inclosure, &c. Expenses Act,

1868.

, The Commons Act, 1876 -| The Commons (Expenses) Act, 1878; The Commons Act, 1879 -i The Commonable Rights Coinpen-i sation Act, 1882.

The Inclosure 1845 to 1882.

Acts,

1 The International Copyright Act, ')

i 1844 '

The International Copyright Act,

! 1852.

; The Fine Arts Copyright Act, 1862 1 The International Copyright Act, 1875.

The International Copyright Act, 1886.

The International Copyright Acts.

The Supreme Court of Judicature') Act, 1873.

The Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1875.

The Appellate Jurisdiction Act, 1876.

The Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1877.

The Supreme Court of Judicature (Officers) Act, 1879.

The Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1881.

The Supieme Court of Judicature Act, 1881.

The Appellate Jurisdiction Act, 1887.

The Judicature Acts, 1873 to 1894.

The Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1890.

The Supreme Court of Judicature (London Clauses) Act, 1891.

The Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1891.

The Supremo Court of Judicature (Procedure) Act, 1894. Di

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 229

Senion and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

40 & 41 Vict. c. 67.

41 & 42 Vict c. 27.

46 & 46 Vict. c. 70. 60 & 61 Vict c. 6. 51 & 52 Vict. c. 27.

The Supreme Court of Judicature''} Act (Ireland), 1877.

The Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Ireland), 1877, Amendment Act, 1878.

- The Supreme Court of Judicature)

(Ireland) Act, 1882.

- The Supreme Court of Judicature

(Ireland) Act, 1887.

- The Supreme Court of Judicature

(Ireland) Amendment Act, 1888.]

6 Geo. 4. c. 50.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 107. -33 & 34 Vict. c. 77.

The Juries Act, 1825 The Juries Act, 1862 The Juries Act 1870

19 Geo. 2. c. 9.

6 Geo. 4. c. 22.

7 Geo. 4. c. 8.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 36.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 65.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 25. 39 & 40 Vict. c. 21.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 78.

57 & 58 Vict. c. 49.

6 Geo. 2. c. 18.

18 Geo. 2. c. 20.

1 Geo. 3. c. 13.

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 43. 34 & 35 Vict. c. 18. 38 & 39 Vict. c. 54.

The Jurors (Scotland) Act, 1745 The Jurors (Scotland) Act, 1825 - | The Juries (Scotland) Act, 1S26 - V The Juries (Lighthouse Keepers [Exemption) Act 1369.]

The Juries Act (Ireland), 1871 The Juries (Ireland) Act 1872 -

The Jurors Qualification (Ireland) j Act, 1876.

The Juries Procedure (Ireland) [Act, 1876.

The Jurors (Ireland) Amendment

Act 1894.

The Justices Qualification Act,] 1731.

The Justices Qualification Act, 1744.

The Justices Qualification Act,

1760. I

The Justices Qualification (Scilly Islands) Act, 1834.

The Justices Qualification Act, 1871.

The Justices Qualification Act, 1875.

23 Geo. 3. c. 45.

54 Geo. 8. c. 67.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 79. 31 & 32 Vict. c. 95. 55 & 56 Vict. c. 21.

The Justiciary and Circuit Courts*' (Scotland) Act 1783.

The Justiciary Courts (Scotland)

Act, 1814.

The Justiciary (Scotland) Act, 1848.

The Justiciary Court (Scotland) Act, 1868.

The High Court of Justiciary (Scotland) Act 1892.

Collective Title.

The Judicature (Ireland) Acts, 1877 to 1888.

The Juries Acts, 1825 to 1870.

The Juries (Scotland) Acts, 1745 to 1869.

The Juries (Ireland) Acts, 1871 to 1894.

The Justices Qualification Acts, 1731 i to 1875.

The Justiciary Court (Scotland) Acts, 1783 to 1892.

230 Ch. 14.

Short Titles, 1396.

59 & 60 Tier.

Session and Chapter.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 60.

48 & 49 Vict 49 Vict. c. 77.

49 & 50 Vict c. 59.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 71.

55 A56 Vict. c. 7.

34 Geo. '3. c. 58.

28 & 29 Vict 29 Vict. c. 40.

34 & 35 Vict 35 Vict. c. 73.

33 & 84 Vict. c. 46. ^except Parts II. and

44 & 45 Vict. c. 49. (except Part V.)

50 & 51 Vict. c. 33. (except Part II.)

51 & 52 Vict. c. 13.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 37.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 59 -

64 & 55 Vict. c. 57. -55 & 56 Vict. c. 45.

[Short Title.]

33 & 34 Vict c. 46. (except Part I.)

35 & 36 Vict c. 32.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 49. (except Parts I. to IV.)

46 & 47 Vict. c. 43. (except Part I.)

48 & 49 Vict. c. 73.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 33. (except Parts I. and III.)

61 & 52 Vict c. 49.

52 & 58 Vict. c. 13.

54 & 55 Vict c. 45.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 48.

54 & 55 Vict c. 57.

65 & 56 Vict c. 45.

55 & 56 Vict. c. 61. (Section 5.)

The Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883 The Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1885 The Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1886 The Labourers (Breland) Ad, 1891 The Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1892

The Lancaster Palatine Courts Act, n94.

The Lancaster Palatine Court Act, 1860.

The Lancaster County Clerk Act 1871.

The Landlord and Tenant (Ireland)' Act, 1870.

j The Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881

! The Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1887

The Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1888 I The Timber (Ireland) Act, 1888 - The Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1888, Amendment Act, 1889.

The Redemption of Rent (Ireland) Act, 1891.

The Land Commissioners* Salaries Act, 1892.

The Landlord and Tenant (Ireland)91 Act, 1870.

The Landlord and Tenant (Ireland) Act, 1872.

The Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881

The Tramways and Public Com* panies (Ireland) Act, 1883.

The Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act,

1885.

The Lnnd Law (Ireland) Act, 1887

The Purchase of Land (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1888.

The Purchase of Land (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1889.

The Turbary (Ireland) Act, 1891 - The Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1891.

The Redemption of Rent (Ireland) Act, 1891.

The Land Commissioners* Salaries Act, 1892.

The Public Works Loans Act, 1892

Coikftiwe TUIa.

The Labourers (Ireland) Actvl883 to 1892.

The Lancaster County fbdatine Acts, 1794 to 1674.

The Land Law (Ireland) Acts.

The Land Purchase (Ireland) Acts.

1806.

Shffrt Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 281

Senion and Chapter.

---- 1 -

10 & 11 Vict c. 32. -12 & 13 Vict. c. 59. -15 & 16 Vict. c. 34. -23 & 24 Vict. c. 153.-25 & 26 Vict. c. 29. -29 & 30 Vict. c. 26. -29 & 30 Vict. c. 40.

9 Geo. 4. c. 61.

11 Geo. 4. A 1 Will. 4. c. 64.

4A5 Will. 4. c. 85. -3 & 4 Vict. c. 61.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 44.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 27.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 29.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 111. -35 & 36 Vict. c. 94. -37 & 38 Vict. c. 49.

43 Vict. c. 6.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 61.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 34. -47 & 48 Vict. c. 29. -49 & 50 Vict. c. 56.

3 A 4 Will. 4. c. 68. -6 & 7 Will. 4.C. 38. -18 A19 Vict. c. 62. -18 & 19 Vict. c. 114.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 35. -27 & 28 Vict c. 35.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 111.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 94. -37 & 38 Vict. c. 69. -40 & 41 Vict. c. 4.

45 & 46 Vict c. 34.

49 & 50 Vict c. 56.

[Short Title.]

Collective Title.

The Landed Property Improvement'' (Ireland) Act, 18*7.

The Landed property Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1849.

The Landed Property Improvement . (Ireland) Act 1852.

The Landed Property Improvement (Ireland) Act 1860.

The Landed Property Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1862.

The Landed Property Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1866.

The Drainage and Improvement of Land (Ireland) Act 1866.

The Alehonre Act, 1828 -

The Beerhouse Act 1830

The Landed Property Improvement^ (Ireland) Acta.

The Beerhouse Act 1834 ~

The Beerhouse Act 1840 The Licensing Act, 1842 - The Wine and Beerhouse Act 1869.

The Wine and Beerhouse Act Amendment Act, 1870.

The Beerhouse Act, 1870 -

The Licensing Act, 1872 - - >

The Licensing Act 1874 -

The Beer Dealers Retail Licences

Act 1880. I

The Sunday Closing (Wales) Act, 1881.

The Beer Dealers Retail Licences (Amendment) Act 1882.

The Licensing (Evidence) Act, 1884.

The Intoxicating Liquors (Sale to Children) Act, 1886.

The Licensing Acts, 1828 to 1886.

The Licensing (Ireland) Act, 1833 The Licensing (Ireland) Act 1836 The Licensing (Ireland) Act, 1855 The Public House (Ireland) Act 1855.

The Licensing (Ireland) Act, 1860 The Beerhouse (Ireland) Act 1864 The Beerhouse (Ireland) Act (1864) Amendment Act, 1871.

The Licensing Act, 1872 - The Licensing Act (Ireland), 1874 The Beer Licences Regulation (Ireland) Act, 1877.

The Beer Dealers' Retail Licences (Amendment) Act, 1882.

The Intoxicating Liquors (Sale to Children) Act 1886.]

The Licensing (Ireland) Acts, 1833 to 1886.

232 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Collective Title.

9 Geo. 4. c. 58. - The Licensing (Scotland) Act, 1828"

16 & 17 Vict. c. 67. - The Licensing (Scotland) Act, 1833 25 & 26 Vict. c. 35. - The Public Houses Acts Amendment I (Scotland) Act, 1862.

39 A40 Vict. c. 26. - The Publicans* Certificates (Scotland) Act, 1876.

40 A41 Vict. c. 3. -)The Publicans' Certificates (Scotland) Act (1876) Amendment Act, 1877.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 38. - The Public Houses, Hours of Closing

(Scotland) Act, 1887. !

33 & 34 Vict. c. 61. - ! The Life Assurance Companies Act,

I 1870.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 58. - The Life Assurance Companies Act,

1871.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 41. - i The Life Assurance Companies Act,

I 1872.]

20 & 21 Vict. c 71. - I The Lunacy (Scotland) Act., 1857 - ]

23 & 26 Vict. c. 54. - The Lunacy (Scotland) Act, \St2 -

29 & 30 Vict. c. 51. - j The Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1866 -

31 & 35 Vict. c. 55. - ' The Criminal and Dangerous

Lunatics (Scotland) Amendment (Act, 1871.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 39. -, The Lunacy Districts (Scotland)

Act, 1887.]

1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 33. - The Lunacy (Ireland) Act, 1821

7 Geo. 4. c. 14. - i The Lunacy (Ireland) Act, 1826 -

1 & 2 Vict c. 27. - The Criminal Lunatics (Ireland)

Act, 1838.

5 & 6 Vict c. 123. - | The Private Lunatic Asylums (Ireland) Act, 1842.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 107. - The Ceutral Criminal Lunatic

I Asylum (Ireland) Act, 1845.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 115. - j The Lunatic Asylums (Ireland) Act,

I 1846.

The Licensing (Scotland) Acts, 1828 to 1887.

The Life Assurance Companies Acts, 1870 to 1872.

The Lunacy (Scotland) Acts, 1857 to 1887.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 60. -15 & 16 Vict. c. 55.

18 & 19 Vict c. 109.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 99.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 118.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 97.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 22.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 74.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 67.

The Trustee Act, 1850 The Trustee Act, 1852 The Lunatic Asylums Repayment of Advances (Ireland) Act, 1855.

The Lunatic Asylums Superannuations (Ireland) Act, 1856.]

The Lunacy (Ireland) Act, 1867 - The Lunatic Asylums (Ireland) Accounts Audit Act, 1868.

The Lunacy Regulation (Ireland) Act, 1871.

The Private Lunatic Asylums (Ireland) Act, 1874.

The Lunatic Asylums (Ireland) Act, 1875.

The Lunacy (Ireland) Acts, 1821 to 1890.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 24. 53 & 54 Vict. c. 31.

The Lunatic Asylums Loans (Ireland) Act, 1878.

The Pauper Lunatic Asylums (Ire- | land) Superannuation Act, 1890. J j

1896.

Short Titles 1896. Ch. 14. 233

[Short Title.]

8esdon and Chapter. Collective Title.

51 Geo. 3. c. 37. The Marriage Act, 1811

4 Geo. 4. c. 76. The Marriage Act, 1823 -

5 Geo. 4. c. 32. The Marriage Act, 1824

11 Geo. 4. and 1 Will. The Marriage Confirmation Act,

4. c. 18. 1830.

5 A6 Will. 4. c. 54. - The Marriage Act, 1835 -

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 85. - The Marriage Act, 1836

7 Will. 4. and 1 Vict. The Births and Deaths Registration

c. 22. Act, 1837. V The Marriage Acts,

3 & 4 Vict. c. 72. - The Marriage Act, 1840 1811 to 1886.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 119. - The Marriage and Registration Act, 1856.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 18. - The Marriage (Society of Friends) Act, 1860.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 24. - The Marriage Confirmation Act, 1860.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 10. - The Marriage (Society of Friends) Act, 1872.

47 & 48 Vict. c. 20. - The Greek Marriages Act, 1884 -

43 & 50 Vict. c. 3. The Marriages Validity Act, 1886 -

49 & 50 Vict. c. 14. - The Marriage Act, 1886

20 & 21 Vict. c. 85. - The Matrimonial Causes Act, 1857 "

21 & 22 Vict. c. 1C8.- The Matrimonial Causes Act, 1858

22 & 23 Vict. c. 61. - The Matrimonial Causes Act, 1859

23 & 24 Vict. c. 144.- The Matrimonial Causes Act, 1860 The Matrimonial

Causes Acts, 1857

20 & 30 Vict. c. 32. - The Matrimonial Causes Act, 1666 to 1878.

31 & 32 Vict. c 77. - I The Divorce Amendment Act, 1868

36 & 37 Vict. c. 31 - The Matrimonial Causes Act, 1873

41 & 42 Vict. c. 19. - The Matrimonial Causes Act, 1878

231 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896. 59 & 60 VWr.

Session and Chapter.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 90.

22 Vict. c. 21.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 7.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 40.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 41. -49 & 50 Vict. c. 48.

60 & 51 Vict. c. 28. -54 & 55 Vict. c. 15. -67 & 58 Vict c. 19.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 120.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 112. -21 & 22 Vict. c. 104. -25 & 26 Vict. c. 102. -41 & 42 Vict. c. 32.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 33. -50 & 51 Vict. c. 17.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 54. -53 & 54 Vict. c. 66. -56 & 57 Vict. c. 55.

29 & 30 Vict c. 122. -32 & 33 Vict. c. 107. -41 & 42 Vict. c. 71.

Short XlUe.

Collective Title:

The Medical Act - '

The Medical Act, 1859 -

The Medical Acts Amendment Act, '

1860.

The Medical Practitioners Act, (

The Medical Acta.

1876.

The Medical Act, 1876 The Medical Act, 1886 -

The Merchandise Marks Act, 1887 The Merchandise Marks Act, 1891 The Merchandise Marks (Prosecutions) Act, 1894.

The Merchandise Marks Acts, 1887 to 1894.

The Metropolis Management Act, *l 1855.

The Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1856.

The Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1858.

The Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1862.

The Metropolis Management and Building Acts Amendment Act, 1878 (Part I.) !

The Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1885.

The Metropolis Management (Battersea and Westminster) Act, 1887.

The Metropolis Management Act, 1862, Amendment Act, 1890.

The Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1890.

The Metropolis Management (Plumstead and Hackney) Act, 1893).

The Metropolis Management Acts, 1855 to 1893.

i

The Metropolitan Commons Act, ' 1866.

The Metropolis Commons Amendment Act, 1869.

The Metropolitan Commons Act, 1878.

The Metropolitan i Commons Acts, 1 1866 to 1878.

' Dig

18961.

Short 7$Me9 1896. Ch. 14. 286

Send* and Chapter.

ShottTftte.

Collective Title.

10 Geo. 4. c. 44.

- The Metropolitan Potfee Act, 1829 *

2 & 3 Vict. c. 47. 19 & 20 Vict. c. 2.

- Hfe Metfopofttah Police Act, 1889

- The Metropolitan Police Act, 1856

20 & 21 Vict. c. 64.

The Metropolitan Police Act, 1857

23 & 24 Vict. c. 135.

The Metropolitan'Police Act, 1860

24 & 26 Vict. c. 81. -24 & 25 Vict. c. 124.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 55. -80 & 31 Vict. c. 39.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 67. -38 & 39 Vict. c. 28.

47 & 48 Vict. c. 17.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 68.

49 & 50 Vict. c. 22.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 45. -53 & 54 Vict. c. 45. -58 & 59 Vict. c. 12 -

The Metropolitan Police Act, 1801 The Metropolitan Police (Receiver) Act, 1861.

The Metropolitan Police Act, 1864 > The Metropolitan Police (Receiver) Act, 1867.

The Police Rate Act, 1868 The Metropolitan Police Staff

(Superannuation) Act, 1875.

The Metropolitan Police Act, 1884 The Metropolitan Police Staff

Superannuation Act, 1885.

The Metropolitan Police Act, 1886 The Metropolitan Police Act, 1887 The Polico Act, 1890 -

The Metropolitan Police (Receiver) Act, 1895.

The Metropolitan Police Acts, 1829 to 1895.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 108.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 104.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 93.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 5.

22 Vict. c. 35.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 16. 23 & 24 Vict. c. 74. 31 & 32 Vict. c. 98.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 40.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 76.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 53. 48 & 49 Vict. c. 9. 51 & 52 Vict. c. 34. 51 & 52 Vict. c. 53.

The Municipal Corporations (Ire) j land) Act, 1840.

The Municipal Corporations (Ireland) Act, 1842.

The Municipal Corporations (Ireland) Act, 1843.

The Municipal Corporations Act, 1852.

The Municipal Corporations Act, 1859.

The Municipal Corporation Mortgages, &c. Act, 1860.

The Borough Coroners (Ireland) Act, 1860.

The Borough Clerks of the Peace (Ireland) Act, 1868. 1

The Municipal Elections Act, 1875 I

The Municipal Privilege Act (Ireland), 1876.

The Municipal Elections (Ireland), Act, 1879. i

The Municipal Voters Relief Act, 1885. !

The Municipal Corporations (Ireland) Acts, 1840 to 1888.

The Municipal Local Bills (Ireland) Act, 1888.

The Borough Funds (Ireland) Act, 1888.

236 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

Session and Chapter.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 71. 38 & 39 Vict c. 46.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 55.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 72.

47 & 48 Vict. c. 23.

60 & 51 Vict 51 Vict. c. 16.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 2.

61 & 62 Vict 62 Vict. c. 15.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 4.

Short Tills.

The National Debt Act, 1870 The Sinking Fond Act, 1876 The National Debt Act, 1881 The Revenue, Friendly Societies, and National Debt Act, 1882 (Part III.) The National Debt (Conversion of Stock) Act, 1884.

The National Debt and Local Loans Act 1887.

The National Debt (Conversion) Act, 1888.

The National Debt (Supplemental) Act 1888.

The National Debt Redemption Act 1889.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 6.

55 & 56 Vict. c. 26.

55 & 56 Vict. c. 39.

56 & 57 Vict. c. 64.

5 A 6 Will. 4. c. 24. -16 & 17 Vict. c. 69. -47 & 48 Vict. c. 46.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 37.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 94.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 104. -32 & 33 Vict. c. 94.

The National Debt Act, 1889 The National Debt (Conversion of Exchequer Bonds) Act 1892.

The National Debt (Stockholders Relief) Act 1892.

The National Debt Redemption Act, 1893.

The Naval Enlistment Act 1835 - ] The Naval Enlistment Act, 1853 - The Naval Enlistment Act 18S4 - The New Parishes Act 1843 The New Parishes Act, 1844 - The New Parishes Act 1856 The New Parishes Acts and Church Building Acts Amendment Act, 1869.

CoBeotiva Tills.

The National Debt Acts, 1870 to 1893.

The Naval Enlist* ment Acts, 1825 to 1884.

The New Parishes Acts, 1843 to 18S4.

47 & 48 Vict. c. 65.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 35. 44 & 45 Vict. c. 34.

50 & 51 Vict c. 32. 53 & 54 Vict. c. 15. 10 & 11 Vict. c. 69.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 78.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 27. 30 & 31 Vict. c. 136. 34 & 35 Vict. c. 3. 42 & 43 Vict. c. 17.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 57.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 63.

49 & 50 Vict. c. 37.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 50.

The New Parishes Acts and Church Building Acts Amendment Act 1884.]

The Metropolitan Open Spaces Act, | 1877.

The Metropolitan Open Spaces Act 1881.

The Open Spaces Act 1887 - The Open Spaces Act, 1890 -

The House of Commons Costs

Taxation Act 1847.

The House of Lords Costs Taxation Act, 1849.

The Parliamentary Costs Act. 1865 The Parliamentary Costs Act, 1867 Tiie Parliamentary Costs Act, 18? 1 The House of Commons Costs

Taxation Act, 1879.

The Patents, Designs, and Trade | Marks Acts, 1883.

The Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks (Amendment) Act, 1885. The Patents Act, 1886 I

The Patents, Designs, and Trade

Marks Act, 1888. Di^i

The Open Spaces Acts, 1877 to 1890.

The Parliamentary Costs Acts, 1847 to 1879.

The Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks Acts, 1883 to 1888.

ized

.1896. Short Titles Act, 1896

Ch. 14 237

i1 '

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

16 & 17 Vict. c. 99. -20 & 21 Vict. c. 3.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 47. -54 & 55 Vict. c. 69.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 105. -42 & 43 Vict. c. 47. A 45 Vict. c. 67.

The Penal Servitude Act, 1853 The Peual Servitude Act, 1857 The Penal Servitude Act, 1864 The Peual Servitude Act, 1891 The Petroleum Act, 1871 - The Petroleum Act, 1879 -

The Petroleum (Hawkers) Act, 1881

Collective Title.

The Penal Servitude Acts, 1853 to 1891.

The Petroleum Acts, 1871 to 1881.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 93.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 88.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 69.

20 Vict. c. 2.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 32.

28 & 29 Vict o. 35. 45 & 46 Vict. c. 50.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 45. 56 & 57 Vict. c. 10.

The County Police Act, 1839 - 1

The County Police Act, 1840 The County and Borough Police Act, 1856.

The County Police Act, 1857 The County and Borough Police Act, 1859.

The Police Superannuation Act, 1865.

Section* one hundred and ninety to one hundred and ninety-four of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882 The Police Act, 1890 The Police Act, 1893

The Police Acts, 1839 to 1893.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 72.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 65. 53 & 54 Vict. c. 67.

The Police (Scotland) Act, 1857 The Police (Scotland) Act, 1858 The Police (Scotland) Act, 1890

The Police (Scotland) Acts, 1857 to 1890.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 56.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 1.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 92.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 81.

10 All Vict. c. 90.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 25.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 4.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 104. -14 & 15 Vict. c. 68. -25 & 26 Vict. c. 83. -29 & 30 Vict. c. 38.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 74.

32 A33 Vict. c. 54. -39 & 40 Vict. c. 38.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 50.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 60.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 56.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 30.

55 & 56 Vict. c. 5.

55 & 56 Vict. c. 41.

The Poor Belief (Ireland) Act, 1838" The Poor Belief (Ireland) Act, 1839 The Poor Belief (Ireland) Act, 1843 'The Poor Belief (Ireland) Act, 1847 The Poor Belief (Ireland) (No. 2) Act, 1847.

The Poor Belief (Ireland) Act, 1848 The Guardians (Ireland) Act, 1849 The Poor Relief (Ireland) Act, 1849 The Poor Belief (Ireland) Act, 1851 The Poor Belief (Ireland) Act, 1862 The Poor Persons Burial (Ireland) Act, 1866.

The Poor Law Inspectors (Ireland) Act, 1868.

The Poor Belief (Ireland) Act, 1869 The Pauper Children (Ireland) Act, 1876.

The Poor Law Bating (Ireland) Act, 1876.

The Poor Afflicted Persons Belief

The Poor Belief (Ireland) Acts, 1838 to 1892.

(Ireland) Act, 1878.

Sections one and nine of the Poor Law Act, 1889.

The Poor Law Acts (Ireland)

- Amendment Act, 1890.

The Poor Law (Ireland) Act, 1892.

The Boards of Management of Poor Law District Schools (Ireland). Act, 1892. J (

R

238 Ch. 14.

Shoii Titles, 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. | Collective Title.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 32. ! The Post Office (Repeal of Laws)"') Act, 1837.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. | The Post Office Management Act, c. 33. 1837.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. The Post Office (Offences) Act, c. 36. 1837.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 96.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 49.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 85.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 88.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 66.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 65. -26 & 27 Vict. c. 43. -29 & 30 Vict. c. 55.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 110.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 73.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 79. -38 & 39 Vict. c. 22.

43 & 44 Vict. c. 33.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 19.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 20.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 2.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 74.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 58.

47 & 48 Vict. c. 76.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 58. -62 & 53 Vict. c. 34.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 46.

55 & 56 Vict. c. 24. -.58 & 59 Vict. c. 18.

The Post Office (Duties) Act, 1840 The Post Office (Duties) Act, 1844 The Post Office (Duties) Act, 1847 The Post Office (Money Orders) Act, 1848.

The Colonial Inland Post Office Act, | 1849.;

The Post Office (Duties) Act, 1860 I The Post Office Lands Act, 1863 - > The Post Office (Postmaster' i General) Act, 1866.]

The Telegraph Act, 1868 - The Telegraph Act, 1869 *

The Post Office Act, 1870 - - I

The Post Office Act, 1875 - - (i

The Post Office (Money Orders) (Act, 1880. 1

The Post Office Newspaper Act, j 188L

The Post Office (Land) Act, 1881 -; The Post Office (Reply Post Cards) Act, 1882.

The Post Office (Parcels) Act, 1882 The Post Office (Money Orders) i Act, 1883.;

The Post Office (Protection) Act, 1884.

The Telegraph Act, 1885 The Telegraph (Isle of Man) Act, ' 1889.]

The Post Office Act, 1891 - - 1

The Post Office Act, 1892 The Post Office Amendment Act, 1895.

The Post Office Acts, 1837 to 1895.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 96. 7 & 8 Vict. c. 49.

- The Post Office (Duties) Act, 1840^1 ,

- The Post Office (Duties) Act, 1844

10 & 11 Vict. c. 85. 23 & 24 Vict. c. 65. 33 & 34 Vict. c, 79.

The Post Office (Duties) Act, 1847 The Post Office (Duties) Act, 1860 The Post Office Act, 1870 -

The Post Office (Duties) Acts, 1840 to 1891-

88 & 39 Vict. c. 22.

The Post Office Act, 1875 -

45 & 46 Vict. c. 2. 54 & 55 Vict. c. 40.

The Post Office Act, 1882. The Post Office

(Reply Post Cards)

Act, 1891 -

; ized by

1896

Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 23(9

7

7

flcMtab and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Collective Title.

Will. 4. A 1 Vict. c. 33.

Will. 4. A 1 Vict.

The Post Office (Management) Act," 1837.

The Post Office (Offences) Act, 1837

c. 36.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 66.

26 & 27 Vict c. 43. 44 & 45 Vict. c. 20. 47 & 48 Vict. c. 76.

The Colonial Inland Post Office Act,

1849.

The Post Office Lands Act, 1863 - The Post Office (Land) Act, 1881 - The Post Office (Protection) Act, 1884.

The Post Office (Management) Acts, 1837 to 1884.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 88. 43 & 44 Vict. c. 33. 46 & 47 Vict. c. 58.

- The Post Office

Act, 1848.

- The Post Office

Act, 1880.

- | The Post Office

Act, 1883.

(Money Orders)" (Money Orders) (Money Orders)

The Post Office (Money Orders) Acts, 1848 to 1883.

7 Win. 4. and 1 Vict. c. 36.

47 & 48 Vict. c. 76.

The Post Office (Offences) Act, 1837.

The Post Office (Protection) Act, 1884.

The Post Office (Offences) Acts, 1837 and 1884.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 14.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 14. 37 & 38 Vict c. 73. 43 & 44 Vict. c. 36.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 40. 54 & 55 Vict. c. 21.

56 & 57 Vict. c. 69.

- The Post Office Savings Bank Act, "

1861.

And the enactments applied by that Act which are for the time being in force.

- The Post Office Savings Bank Act,

1863.

- The Post Office Savings Bank Act,

1874. I

- The Savings Banks Act, 1880, so far

as it relates to Post Office Savings Banks.

- Parts 1. and III. of the Savings

Banks Act 1887.

- So much of the Savings Banks Act,

1891, as relates to the Post Office Savings Bank.

- The Savings Bank Act, 1893 -

The Post Office Savings Bank Acts, 1861 to 1893.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 126. -31 & 32 Vict. c. 21.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 21.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 63.

47 & 48 Vict. c. 61. -49 & 50 Vict. c. 9.

56 & 57 Vict. c. 26.

The Prison Act, 1865 - -"}

The Prison Officers Compensation Act, 1868.

The Prison Act, 1877 The Prison (Officers Superannuation) Act, 1878. y

The Prison Act, 1884 The Prison (Officers Superannuation) Act, 1886.

The Prison (Officers Superannuation) Act, 1893.]

The Prison Act<, 1865 to 1893.

240 Ch. 14.

Short Titles .4c£,; 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

Session and Chapter.

Short Tide.

Collective Tide.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 105. 31 & 32 Vict. c. 50. 40 & 41 Vict. c. 53.

50 A51 Vict. c. 60.

7 Geo. 4. c. 74.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 44.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 68. 36 & 37 Vict. c. 51.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 49.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 25.

47 & 48 Vict. c. 36.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 55.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 25.

42 & 43 Vict c. 31.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 23.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 37.

47 & 48 Vict. c. 12.

47 & 48 Vict. c. 74.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 35. 48 & 49 Vict. c. 53. 48 & 49 Vict. c. 72.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 52.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 64.

The Prisons (Scotland) Act, 1860 O

l

The Lanark Prisons Act, 1868 - I

! The Prisons (Scotland) The Prisons (Scotland) Act, 1877 -, Acts, 1860 to 1887.

The Prisons Officers Superannuation (Scotland) Act, 1887.]

The Prisons (Ireland) Act, 1826 The Prisons (Ireland) Act, 1840 - i The Prisons (Ireland) Act, 1856 - !

The Prison Officers Superannua- I tion (Ireland) Act, 1873. '

The General Prisons (Ireland) Act,

1877.' .

The Prison Service (Ireland) Act 1883.

The Prisons (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1884.]

The Prisons (Ireland) Acts, 1826 to 1884.

The Public Health Act 1875

The Public Health (Water) Act, 1878.

The Public Health (Interments) Act 1879.

The Public Health (Fruit Pickers* Lodgings) Act, 1882.

The Public Health Act, 1875

The Public Health (Confirmation of Byelaws) Act, 1884.

The Public Health (Officers) Act,

1884.

The Public Health (Ships, Ac.) Act,

1885.

The Public Health (Members and Officers) Act 1885.

Sections seven to ten of the Housing of the Working Classes Act 1885. The Public Health (Buildings in Streets) Act 1883.

The Public Health Act, 1889

The Public Acts.

Health

53 & 54 Vict. c. 17. 53 & 54 Vict. c. 59. 55 & 56 Vict. c. 57.

The Public Health (Bating of Orchards) Act, 1890.

The Public Health Acts Amendment Act, 1890.

The Private Streets Works Act 1892.]

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 241

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Collective Title.

6L & 56 Vict., c. 53. 56 Vict c. 11.

The Public Libraries Act, 1892

The Public Libraries Amendment Act, 1893.

The Public Libraries Acts, 1892 and 1893.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 40. - | The Public Libraries (Ireland) Act, ' 1 1855.

40 & 41 Vict c. 15. 40 & 41 Vict. c. 54. 47 & 48 Vict. c. 37. 57 & 58 Vict. c. 38.

- The Public Libraries (Ireland)

Amendment Act, 1877.

- The Public Libraries Amendment

Act, 1877.

- The Public Libraries Act, 1884

- The Public Libraries (Ireland)

Act, 1894.

The Public Libraries (Ireland) Acts, 1853 to 1894.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 42. - The Public libraries Consolidation

(Scotland) Act, 1887.

57 & 58 Vict c. 20. i The Public Libraries (Scotland)

Act, 1894.

The Public Libraries (Scotland) Acts, 1887 and 1894.

9 & 10 Vict c. 101. - The Public Money Drainage Act," 1846.

10&li Vict. c.ll. - The Public Money Drainage Act, 1847.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 119. - The Public Money Drainage Act, ' 1848.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 31. - The Public Money Drainage Act, 1850.

19 & 20 Vict c. 9. - The Public Money Drainage Act, 1856.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 118. - The Public Schools Act, 1868

32 & 38 Vict. c. 58. - The Public Schools Act, 1869

34 & 35 Vict c. 60. The Public Schools Act, 1871 ,

36 & 37 Vict. c. 41. - The Public Schools (Shrewsbury and Harrow Schools Property) Act, 1873.

86 & 87 Vict. c. 62. - The Public Schools (Eton College Property) Act, 1878.

The Public Money Drainage Acts, 1846 to 1856.

The Public Schools Acts, 1868 to 187.3,

by

242 Ch. 14.

Short Titles, 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Collects* Title.

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 33.

6*7 Will; 4. c. 108.

7 Will. 4. A 1 Vict.

c. 81.

2*3 Vict. c. 50.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 1.

9 & 10 Vict., c. 86.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 18.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 71.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 73.

32 A S3 Vict. c. 74.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 27.

49 & 50 Vict. c. 46.

6 Anne c. 24.

6 Anne c. 54.

1 Geo. 1. stat. 2. c. 10. 3 Geo. 1. c. 10.

48 Geo. 3. c. 107.

45 Geo. 3. c. 84.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 20.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 20.

88 & 34 Vict. c. 89.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 31.

86 & 37 Vict. c. 48.

87 & 38 Vict. c. 40.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 25. -55 & 56 Vict. c. 44. -67 & 58 Vict. c. 54.

The Public Works (Ireland) Act, ") 1831.

The Public Works (Ireland) Act, I

1836.

The Public Works (Ireland) Act,

1837.

The Public Works (Ireland) Act, 1839.

The Public Works (Ireland) (No 1) Act 1846.

The Public Works (Ireland) (No. 2) Act, 1846. I

The Public Works (Ireland) Act, f 1856.

The Public Works (Ireland) Act, 1861.

The Public Works (Ireland) Act, 1866.

The Public Works (Ireland) Act, 1869.

The Public Works Loans (Ireland) Act, 1877.

The Public Works Loans (Ireland) Act, 1886.]

The Public Works (Ireland) Acts, 1831 to 1886.

The Queen Anne's - Bounty Act, "

1706.

The Queen Anne's Bounty Act,

1707.

The Queen Anne's Bounty Act, 1714.

The Queen Anne's Bounty Act, 1716.

The Queen Anne's Bounty Act, I 1803. f

The Queen Anne's Bounty Act, 1805.

The Queen Anne's Bounty Act,

1838.

The Queen Anne's Bounty Act, 1840.

The Queen Anne's Bounty (Superannuation) Act, 1870.

The Queen Anne's Bounty Acts, 1706 to 1870.

The Railway and Canal Traffic" Act, 1854.

The Regulation of Railways Act, 1873 The Board of Trade Arbitrations Act, 1874, Part II. !

The Railway and Canal Traffic Act, f 1888.

The Railway and Canal Traffic Act,

1892.

The Railway and Canal Traffic Act, J 1894.

The Railway and Canal Traffic Acts, 1854 to 1894.

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 243

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. |

8 & 4 Vict. c. 97.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 55.

7 A £ Vict c. 85.

31 & 82 Vict. c. 119.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 78. 36 & 37 Vict c. 76.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 57. 56 & 57 Vict. c. 29.

9 Geo. 4. c. 89.

7 & 8 Vict c. 95.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 97.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 118. 81 & 82 Vict. c. 128.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 109.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 10.

28 & 29 Vict c. 121 33 & 34 Vict. c. 83. 36 & 37 Vict. c. 71. 39 & 40 Vict. c. 19.

39 & 40 Vict c. 34.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 65.

The Railway Regulation Act, 1840' The Railway Regulation Act, 1842

- j The Railway Regulation Act, 1844

- t The Regulation of Railways Act,

I 1868.

The Regulation of Railways Act, 1871.

The Railway Regulation Act (Returns of Signal Arrangements, Working, Ac.), 1873.

The Regulation of Railways Act, 1889.

- I The Railway Regulation Act, 1893

- The Salmon Fisheries (Scotland)' '

Act, 1828.

- The Salmon Fisheries (Scotland) j Act, 1844.

- ' The Salmon Fisheries (Scotland)

Act, 1862.

- I The Salmon Fisheries (Scotland)

] Act, 1864.

The Salmon Fisheries (Scotland) j Act, 1868.

-, The Salmon Fishery Act, 1861

- I The Salmon Acts Amendment Act,

! 1863.

- j The Salmon Fishery Act, 1865

- I The Salmon Acts Amendment Act,

1870.

-, The Salmon Fishery Act, 1873

- ! The Salmon Fishery Act, 1876

I

- [The Elver Fishing Act, 1876

i

- The Fisheries (Dynamite) Act, 1877

41 & 42 Vict. c. 89.

42 & 43 Vick c. 26. 47 & 48 Vict. c. 11. 49 & 50 Vict-, c. 2. 49 & 50 Vict. c. 39.

54 & 55 Vick c. 37.

55 & 56 Vict. c. 50.

The Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1878

The Salmon Fishery Law Amendment Act, 1879.

The Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1884

The Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1886

The Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1886.

The Fisheries Act, 1891 (Parts III.

and IV.).

The Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1892.

Collective Title.

The Railway Regulation Acts, 1840 to 1893.

The Salmon Fisheries (Scotland) Acts, 1828 to 1868.

The Salmon and Fresh-I water Fisheries Acts,

1861 to 1892.

t

244 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 38. The School Sites Act, 1841 -

7 & 8 Vict. c. 37. The School Sites Act, 1844

12 & 18 Vict. c 49. - The School Sites Act, 1849 -

14 & 15 Vict. c. 24. - The School Sites Act, 1851

15 & 16 Vict. c. 49. - The School Sites Act, 1852 -

6 & 7 Vict. c. 79. The Sea Fisheries Act 1843

31 & 32 Vict. c. 45. - The Sea Fisheries Act, 1868

32 & 33 Vict. c. 31. - The Oyster and Mussel Fisheries

Orders Confirmation Act, 1869

(No. 2).

38 & 39 Vict. c. 15. - The Sea Fisheries Act, 1875

40 & 41 Vict. c. 42. - The Fisheries (Oyster, Crab, and

Lobster) Act, 1877.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 22. - The Sea Fisheries Act, 1883

47 & 48 Vict. c. 27. - The Sea Fisheries Act 1884

48 & 49 Vict. c. 70. - The Sea Fisheries (Scotland)

Amendment Act, 1885.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 37. - The Fisheries Act 1891 (Part I.)

56 & 57 Vict. c. 17. - The North Sea Fisheries Act 1893 w

45 & 46 Vict. c. 38. - The Settled Land Act, 1882 -

47 & 48 Vict. c. 18. - The Settled Land Act 1884

50 & 51 Vict. c. 30. - The Settled Land Acts (Amendment) ]

Act 1887.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 36. - The Settled Land Act 1889

53 & 54 Vict. c. 69. - The Settled Land Act, 1890

7 Will. 4. A 1 Vict. The Small Debt (Scotland) Act"

c. 4.. 1837.

16 & 17 Vict c. 80. - The Sheriff Conrts (Scotland) Act

52 A53 Vict. c. 26.

1853.

The Small Debt Amendment (Scotland) Act, 1889.

A

J

Collective Title.

The School Sites Acts.

The Sea Fisheries Acts, 1843 to 1893.

The Settled Land Acts, 1882 to 1890.

The Small Debt (Scotland) Acts, 1837 to. 1889.

I

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896,

Ch. 14. 245

Session and Chapter.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 33.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 73.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 86.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 127. -38 & 34 Vict. c. 28.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 81. -37 & 38 Vict. c. 68. -40 & 41 Vict. c. 25. -40 & 41 Vict. c. 62. -44 & 45 Vict. c. 44.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 65. -57 Vict. c. 9.

[Short Title.]

The Solicitors (Clerks) Act, 1839 The Solicitors Act, 1848 - The Solicitors (Clerks) Act, 1844 - The Solicitors Act, 1860 - The Attorneys and Solicitors Act, 1870.

The Solicitors Act, 1872 - The Solicitors Act, 1874 - The Solicitors Act, 1877 - The Legal Practitioners Act, 1877 The Solicitors Remuneration Act, 1881.

The Solicitors Act, 1888 -

The Solicitors Act, 1894 -

Collective Tide.

The Solicitors Acts, 1839 to 1894.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 53 14 & 15 Vict. c. 88. 29 & 30 Vict. c. 84.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 28.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 44.

The Solicitors (Ireland) Act, 1849-') The Solicitors Act, 1851 - The Attorneys and Solicitors Act (Ireland), 1866.

The Attorneys and Solicitors Act,

1870.

The Solicitors Remuneration Act,

1881.]

The Solicitors (Ireland) Acts, 1849 to 1881.

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 24.

22 Vict. c. 26.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 89. 29 & 30 Vict. c. 68. 39 & 40 Vict. c. 53. 44 & 45 Vict. c. 43. 47 & 48 Vict c. 57. 50 & 51 Vict. c. 67. 55 & 56 Vict. c. 40.

The Superannuation Act, 1834 The Superannuation Act, 1859 The Superannuation Act, 1860 The Superannuation Act, 1866 The Superannuation Act, 1876 The Superannuation Act, 1881 The Superannuation Act, 1884 The Superannuation Act, 1887 The Superannuation Act, 1892

The Superannuation Acts, 1834 to 1892.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 112. 29 & 30 Vict. c. 3.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 110.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 73.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 88. -41 & 42 Vict. c. 76. -48 & 49 Vict. c. 58. -52 & 53 Vict. c. 34.

55 & 56 Vict. c. 59.

The Telegraph Act, 1863 - The Telegraph Act Amendment Act,

1866.

The Telegraph Act, 1868 The Telegraph Act, 1869 - The Telegraph Act, 1870 The Telegraph Act, 1878 - The Telegraph Act, 1885 The Telegraph (Isle of Man) Act, 1889.

The Telegraph Act, 1892 -

The Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1892.

246 Ch. 14.

Short Titles Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Collective Title.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 71. - | | The Tithe Act, 1836 ->

7 Will. 4. A 1 Vict. c. 69 The Tithe Act, 1837

1 & 2 Vict. c. 64.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 62.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 15.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 54.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 73.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 104. -23 & 24 Vict. c. 93. -31 & 32 Vict 32 Vict. c. 89. -41 & 42 Vict. c. 42.

48 & 49 Vict 49 Vict. c. 32.

49 & 50 Vict 50 Vict. c. 54. -54 & 55 Vict. c. 8.

The Tithe Act, 1838

The Tithe Act, 1839

The Tithe Act, 1840

The Tithe Act, 1842 -

The Tithe Act, 1846

The Tithe Act, 1847

The Tithe Act, 1800

The Inclosure, &c. Expenses Act, 1868.

The Tithe Act, 1878

The Tithe Rentcharge Redemption Act, 1885.

The Extraordinary Tithe Redemption Act, 1886.

The Tithe Act, 1891

The Tithe Acte, 1836 to 1891.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 89. -52 & 53 Vict. c. 14.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 152.-

24 & 25 Vict. c. 102. -34 & 35 Vict c. 114. -39 & 40 Vict. c. 65. A 45 Vict. 17.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 43.

52 & 53 Vict c. 66.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 52.

54 & 55 Vict. a 2.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 42. -58 & 59 Vict. c. 20.

The Town Police Clauses Act, *) 1847. li

The Town Police Clauses Act, f | 1889.]

The Tramways (Ireland) Act, 1860 '

The Tramways (Ireland) Amend- j ment Act, 1861.

The Tramways (Ireland) Amend- j ment Act, 1871.

The Tramways (Ireland) Amend- j ment (Dublin) Act, 1876.

The Tramways (Ireland) Amend- | ment Act, 1881.

The Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883. !

The Light Railways (Ireland) Act, I 1889. I

The Railways (Ireland) Act, 1890 j

The Transfer of Railways (Ireland) i Act, 1890.

The Tramways (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1891.

The Tramways (Ireland) Act, 1895J

Di|i

The Town Police Clauses Acte, 1847 and 1889.

The Tramways (Ireland) Acta, 1860 to 1895.

1896. Short Titles Act, 1896. Ch. 14. 247

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Collective Title.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 28. 32 & 33 Vict. c. 26. 53 & 54 Vict c. 19.

- The Trustee Appointment

1850.

The Trustee Appointment 1869.

- The Trustee Appointment

1890.

Act, "

Act,

Act,

The Trustee Appointment Acts, 1850 to 1890.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 87. -50 & 51 Vict. c. 40.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 47. -54 Aj55 Vict. c. 21. —

The Trustee Savings Banks Act, ') 1863.

So much of the Savings-Banks Act, 1887, as relates to Trustee Savings Banks. I

The Trustee Savings Banks Act, (1887.

The Savings Banks Act, 1891

The Trustee Savings Banks Acts, 1863 to 1893.

56 & 57 Vict. c. 69.

The Savings Bank Act, 1893

24 & 25 Vict. c. 84.

The Trusts (Scotland) Act, 1861

30 & 31 Vict. c. 97.

The Trusts (Scotland) Act, 1867 -

47 & 48 Vict c. 63. 50 & 51 Vict. c. 18. 54 & 55 Vict. c. 44.

- The Trusts (Scotland) Amendment

Act, 1884.

- The Trusts (Scotland) Act, 1867,

Amendment Act, 1887.

- The Trusts (Scotland) Amendment -

Act, 1891.

The Trusts (Scotland) Acts, 1861 to 1891.

21 & 22 Vict. C. 44. 23 & 24 Vict. c. 59. 43 & 44 Vict. c. 46.

The Universities and College Estates') Act, 1858.

The Universities and College Estates Act Extension Act, 1860.

The Universities and College Estates Amendment Act, 1880.

The Universities and College Estates Acts, 1858 to 1880.

58 Geo. 3..C. 69.

59 Geo. 3. c. 85.

1 A 2 Will. 4. c. 60.

7 Will. 4. and 1 Vict. c. 46.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 57. -16 & 17 Vict. 65.

The Vestries Act, 1818 The Vestries Act, 1819 The Vestries Act, 1831 The Parish Notices Act, 1837 The Vestries Act, 1850 - The Vestries Act, 1853

The Vestries Acts, 1818 to 1853.

248 Ch. 14, 15.

Short Titles Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

[Short Title.]

1 Session and Chapter. | Collective Titie.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 49. - The Weights and Measures Act," 1878.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 21. - The Weights and Measures Act, 1889 The Weights and

55 & 56 Vict. c. 18. - The Weights and Measures (Pur- r chase) Act, 1892. Measures Acts, 1878 to 1893.

56 & 57 Vict. c. 19. - The Weights and Measures Act, 1893.]

42 Geo. 3. c. 68. The Yeomanry (Ireland) Act, 1802"

44 Geo. 3. c. 54. The Yeomanry Act, 1804 -

44 Geo. 3. c. 94. The Yeomanry (Accounts) Act, 1804. The Yeomanry Acts,

56 Geo. 3. c. 39. The Yeomanry (Training) Act, 1816. 1802 to 1826.

57 Geo. 3. c. 44. The Yeomanry Act, 1817

7 Geo. 4. c. 58. The Yeomanry Act, 1826 -

CHAPTER 15.

An Act to Amend the Diseases of Animals Act, 1894.

[20th July 1896.]

Slaughter of foreign animals.

57 & 58 Vict c. 57.

[Commencement of Act.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L — (1.) For section twenty-four of the Diseases of Animals Act, 1894, shall be substituted the following section, namely: —

" The provisions set forth in Part I. (slaughter at port of landing) of the Third Schedule to this Act shall apply to all foreign animals other than —

(a) foreign animals the landing of which is for the time being prohibited by order of the Board of Agriculture; and

(b) foreign animals intended for exhibition or other exceptional purposes, and the landing of which is allowed for the time being by the Board, subject to the provisions of Part IL (quarantine) of the Third Schedule to this Act"

(2.) Section twenty-six of the Diseases of Animals Act, 1894, is hereby repealed.

2. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January next after the passing thereof.

1896.

Diseases of Animals Act, 1896. Ch. 15, 16.

249

3. This Act may be cited as the Diseases of Animals Act, 1896, Short title and shall be construed as one with the Diseases of Animals Act, ^c?n‘ 1894, and that Act and this Act may be cited together as the 8 ctoon* Diseases of Animals Acts, 1894 and 1896.

CHAPTER 16.

An Act to amend the Law with respect to the Rating of Occupiers of Agricultural Land in England, and for other purposes connected therewith.

[20th July 1896.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) During the continuance of this Act, that is to say, the Exemption of period of five years after the thirty-first day of March next after agricultural the passing of this Act, the occupier of agricultural land in England

shall be liable, in the case of every rate to which this Act applies, which this Act to pay one half only of the rate in the pound payable in respect of applies, buildings and other hereditaments.

(2.) This Act shall apply to every rate as defined by this Act, except a rate —

(a) which the occupier of agricultural land is liable, as compared with the occupier of buildings or other hereditaments, to be assessed to or to pay in the proportion of one half or less than one half, or

(5) which is assessed under any commission of sewers or in respect of any drainage, wall, embankment, or other work for the benefit of the land.

2. — (1.) In respect of the deficiency which will arise from the Payment out provisions of this Act in the produce of rates made by the spending authorities in England, as herein-after defined, there shall during the continuance of this Act — deficiency

(a) be paid to the Local Taxation Account an annual sum (in

this Act referred to as the annual grant) of such amount as is exeinp certified under the provisions herein-after contained; and

(b) be issued from the Local Taxation Account by half-yearly payments out of the annual grant to each such spending authority a share of that grant of such amount as is certified under the provisions herein-after contained.

(2.) The Commissioners of Inland Revenue, in such manner, by such payments, and under such regulations, os the Treasury direct, shall pay to the Local Taxation Account, out of the proceeds of the estate duty derived in England from personal property, the annual sum required by this section to be paid to that account.

(8.) The first of those payments shall be made during the six months ending on the thirty-first day of March next after the passing of this Act, so as to make up a half-yearly payment to meet the issues to spending authorities on account of the six ensuing months.

250

Ch. 16.

Agricultwml Rates Act, 1896. 59 b 60 Tier.

Contributions from more than one parish.

Certifying of annual sums payable in respect of deficiency.

3. — (I.) "Where any Bpending authority require in any half year or other period to raise from' two or more parishes a sum by a rate to which this Act applies, they shall, in determining the net- amount to be so raised, deduct the sum issuable to them in respect of the said rate on account of their share of the annual grant for the said half year or other period, and the net amount after that deduction shall, where it would otherwise be raised in proportion to the rateable value, be raised in proportion to the assessable value of those parishes.

(2.) For the'purposes of this section the assessable value of a parish shall be the rateable value thereof reduced by an amount equal to one half of the rateable value of the agricultural land in the parish.

4. — (1.) The Local Government Board shall, as soon as may be after the passing of this Act, certify the amount —

(a) of the annual grant to be paid to the Local Taxation Account; and

(b) of the share of such grant to be paid annually to each spending authority,

under this Act, and for that purpose shall determine in the pre^ scribed manner the amount winch for the purposes of this Act is to be taken as having been raised during the last year before Hie passing of this Act by any rate to which this Act applies for the expenditure of each spending authority.

(2.) Such proportion of the whole amount so taken to be raised in respect of any hereditaments or parishes as the Local Government Board estimate to be the proportion of the total rateable value of those hereditaments or parishes which represents the value of agricultural land, shall be taken for the purposes of this Act as the amount raised during the said year, by the said authority, by the said rate, in respect of agricultural land, and one half of that amount shall be taken as the deficiency which will arise from the provisions of this Act in the produce of the said rate.

(3.) A sum equal to the total amount of the deficiencies thus estimated for all the spending authorities in England shall be the amount of the annual grant, and a sum equal to the deficiency thus estimated in the case of each spending authority shall be the share of th£t spending, authority in the annual grant, and the Local Government Board, shall certify the same accordingly.

(4.) The Local Government Board, in acting under this. section, shall obtain such information and mpke.such inquiries, and in such manner as they think fit,

(5.) The Local Government Board may in case of. error amend, or for the purpose of meeting any alteration in.an area or.authority to which a certificate relates may vary* a certificate under, this section, and any such amendment or variation shall have effect from the date of the original certificate, or any later date fixed by the Eoard; but, save as aforesaid, .a certificate shall be final and binding on all persons.

(6.) The Local Government Board. may. give provisional certificates, if they think necessary for the purpose of enabling the tot payments to and out of the Local Taxation Account under this Act

1806.

AgricvUwral Bates Act, 1896. Ch. 10.

251

to be made, before they have sufficient information to enable them to give final certificates.

5. In every valuation list and in the basis or standard for any Separate county rate, and in any valuation made by the council of a borough statement In or any other council for the purpose of raising the borough or other ^fyalaeof

rate — 1 agricultural

(a) where separate hereditaments are specified therein, the value land- of agricultural land shall be stated separately from that of any

building or other hereditament; and

(b) in every case the total rateable value of the agricultural land in each parish shall be stated separately from the total rateable value of the buildings or other hereditaments in such parish; and whenever a copy of the total of the rateable value of any parish is required to be sent to any person, such copy shall state both the above-mentioned totals; and

(c) where any hereditament consists partly of agricultural land and partly of buildings, the gross estimated rental of the buildings, when valued separately, in pursuance of this Act, from the agricultural land shall, while the buildings are used only for the cultivation of the said land, be calculated not on structural co3t, but on the rent at which they would be expected to let to a tenant from year to year, if they could only be so used; and the total gross estimated rental of the hereditament shall not be increased by the said separate valuation.

0. — (1.) For the purposes of this Act returns shall be made to Procedure for the Local Government Board in accordance with the prescribed ascertaining regulations —

(a) by every spending authority in relation to the sums actually of value of

received by them or their predecessors during the year next agricultural before the passing of this Act from any rate to which this Act buildiumd applies; and other heredita-

(b) by every assessment committee or council whose duty it is ments* to revise or make a valuation list, basis, standard or other valuation for any parish, in relation to the gross estimated rental and rateable value of that parish, and the proportion thereof which represents agricultural land; and

(c) by any such authority, committee, or council in relation to any other prescribed information.

(2.) For, the purpose of, the returns, statements showing the* gross estimated rental and rateable value of the agricultural land in a parish, and, in the case of any hereditament separately valued which consists in part of agricultural land and in part of buildings or other hereditaments, of each such part, shall be made by . the overseers of every parish, and corrected by the assessment, committee, and sent to the surveyor of taxes, and be subject to objection or appeal by the said surveyor and overseers before the assessment committee, and the justices in special sessions, and the court of quarter sesisions, and subject to the right of any aggrieved rate*-payer to be heard upon the said appeal, in such form, within such times, and generally in such manner, and subject tb such provisidns, as may be prescribed. These provisions shall conform as nearly as

252

Ch. 16.

Agricultural Bates Actt 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

circumstances will permit to the existing statutory law respecting valuation lists, as regards notices, rights to inspect and take extracts, the hearing of objections, and otherwise.

(3.) The Local Government Board may by order make regulations for the purpose of this section, and also generally for carrying into effect this Act, and those regulations shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament, and if neither House of Parliament within ten days passes a resolution adverse to the said order, they shall be binding in law until varied in the same mauner, shall have effect as if they were enacted in this Act, and shall amongst other matters provide —

(a) for fixing, with the concurrence of the Treasury, for the purpose of the division in the statements of agricultural land from buildings or other hereditaments, the minimum gross estimated rental and rateable value of the buildings or other hereditaments;

(b) for giving effect to a notice of objection or appeal by the surveyor of taxes unless it is proved that such notice is unfair or incorrect;

(c) for the temporary adoption by the county council or any other council, of the division in the return between the total rateable value of agricultural land and that of buildings and other hereditaments;

(d) for the alteration of the valuation list in accordance with the statements as finally settled and sending copies of the returns to spending authorities and for applying and adapting any statutory form or procedure respecting the valuation list or poor rate; and

(e) for adapting this Act to cases where there is no valuation list, or where a sum is raised by rate from an area not a parish.

(4.) The regulations may also provide fines for the breach thereof not exceeding forty shillings, or in case of any continuing offence not exceeding forty shillings a day during the continuance of the offence, and any such fine may be recovered as a crown debt or to an amount not exceeding one hundred pounds before a court of summary jurisdiction.

As to spending authorities.

33 & 84 Vict c. 75.

7. — (1.) Where the spending authority are a school board for a school district which is a parish, or the surveyors of highways, the amount which otherwise would be payable under this Act to the spending authority may be paid to the guardians of the poor law union in which the parish is situate, and, if so paid, shall be paid or credited by them to the spending authority.

(2.) Every sum paid under this Act out of the Lo^il Taxation Account to any spending authority in respect of any rat?, shall, for the purpose of its application, of account, and of audit, be deemed to have been raised by the said rate.

(3.) For the purposes of section ninety-seven of the Elementary Education Act, 1870, any amount paid or credited under this Act out of the local taxation account to a school board shall be deemed to have been actually paid by the rating authority, and the amount which would have been raised or been produced by a rate of

1896.

AgricuUwral Rates Act, 1896. Ch. 16.

258

threepence in the pound on the rateable value shall be calculated in like manner as if this Act had not passed.

8. A limit imposed by any enactment on a rate shall be con-

atrued as being only a limit on the amount to be raised by that ditoi^in*^' rate, and where by that limit or otherwise the sum to be raised of any local or expended by a local authority is limited by any enactment by authontJ-reference to a rate, the limit shall be varied so as to enable the local authority to raise or expend the same sum as they might have done if this Act had not passed, and in the case of a spending authority receiving any sum paid under this Act out of the local taxation account in respect of such rate that sum shall be deemed to be part of the sum raised thereby.

9. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires — Definitions.

The expression "rate" means a rate made during the continuance

of this Act, the proceeds of which are applicable to public local purposes, and which is leviable on the basis of an assessment in respect of the yearly value of property, and includes any sum which, though obtained in the first instance by a precept, certificate, or other instrument requiring payment from some authority or officer, is or can be ultimately raised out of a rate as before defined:

The expression "rateable value " in the case of the county rate, or any other rate, levied according to any annual value not being rateable value as stated in the valuation list, means that annual value:

The expression "valuation list" means a valuation list under 25 & 26 Vict. the Union Assessment Committee Acts, 1862 and 1864, or, in the yiot

metropolis, under the Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869: c. 89.

The expression "spending authority" means any of the local sa & ss Vict. authorities in England mentioned in the schedule to this Act: c. 67.

The expression "occupier " includes owner where the owner is rated in place of the occupier:

The expression "Local Taxation Account" has the same meaning as in the Local Government Act, 1888:52 VICT *

The expression "prescribed" means prescribed by order of the Local Government Board:

The expression "agricultural land" means any land used as arable, meadow, or pasture ground only, cottage gardens exceeding one quarter of an acre, market gardens, nursery grounds, orchards, or allotments, but does not include land occupied together with, a house as a park, gardens, other than as aforesaid, pleasure-grounds, or any land kept or preserved mainly or exclusively for purposes of sport or recreation, or land used as a racecourse:

The expression "cottage" means a house occupied as a dwelling by a person of the labouring classes:

The expression "year" means the local financial year, that is to say, the twelve months. beginning on the first day of April, or where the spending authority do not make up their accounts to that day on the nearest day thereto to which they do make up their accounts, or on any other prescribed day.

[Short title.]

10* This Act may be cited as the Agricultural Rates Act, 1896.

s

Agricultural Mates Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

254 Ch. 16, 17.

SCHEDULE.

Spending Authorities.

County councils, councils of county boroughs, councils of boroughs and other urban districts and of rural districts, boards of guardians, the receiver of the metropolitan police district, school boards, highway boards, surveyors of highways.

CHAPTER 17.

An Act; to redescribe the Parliamentary Divisions of the City of Glasgow.

[20th July 1896.]

BE it enacted by the Queen s most Excellent Majestyr, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: short tide. L This Act may be cited as the Glasgow Parliamentary Divisions Act, 1896.

Amendment of 2. The Sixth Schedule to the Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885, T23 49 VIC* *n 80 ^ar 88 ft describes the areas of the several Parliamentary Divisions of the city of Glasgow, shall be read and have effect as if the Parliamentary Divisions of the said city had been therein described as set forth in the schedule to this Act.

SCHEDULE.

DESCRIPTION OF THE SEVERAL PARLIAMENTARY DIVISIONS OF THE CITY.

No. 1. — The Bridgeton* Division.

The area within a line beginning at a point in the centre of Albert Bridge, where the same intersects the centre line of the River Clyde, and thence proceeding eastwards along the centre of that river till it meets the parliamentary boundary of the city at Harvie's Dyke; thence northwards along the said parliamentary boundary to the centre of London Road; thence westwards along the centres of London Road and Ginning Street to a point opposite the centre of Clyde Street; thenoe northwards along the centres of Clyde Street and Abercromby Street to the centre of Gallowgate; thence westwards along the centre of Gallowgate to a point opposite the centre of Saltmarket; thence southwards along the centre of Saltmarket to the centre of the River Clyde at the point first described.

No. 2. — Toe Camlachie Division.

The area within a line beginning at the Cross of Glasgow, and thenoe proceeding eastwards along the centre of Gallowgate to a point opposite the centre of Abercromby Street; thence southwards along the centres of Abercromby Street and Clyde Street, to the centre of Canning Street; thence eastwards along the centres of Canning Street and London Road to the eastern parliamentary boundary of the city; thence northwards, following the said boundary line, to Carntyne Rood; thence westwards

1896.

Glasgow Parliamentary Divisions Act, 1896. Ch. 17.

265

along the centres of Carntyne Road and Duke Street to High Street; thence southwards along the centre of High Street to the Cross of Glasgow, the point first described.

No. 3. — The St. Rollox Division.

The area within a line beginning at a point in the centre of Buchanan Street, opposite the centre of Cathedral Street, and thence proceeding eastwards along the centre of Cathedral Street to John Street; thence southwards along the centre of John Street to Rottenrow; thence eastwards along the centre of Rottenrow to the centre of the line of High Street and Castle Street; thence southwards along the centre of High Street to Duke Street, thence eastwards along the centre of Duke Street to Carntyne Road, and continuing eastwards along the centre of Carntyne Road till it is intersected by the parliamentary boundary of the city; thence north-westwards, northwards, westward *, and north-westwards along said parliamentary boundary till it joins the boundary of the Ancient Royalty, near Garngad Road; thence northwards and westwards along that boundary till it intersects Saracen Street; thence southwards along the centres of Saracen Street and Craighall Road to the canal at a point in the centre of same opposite the northern end of Ann Street; thence eastwards along the centre of the canal to a point opposite the stair leading from canal bank to Port Dundas Road; then southwards along the centre of said stair and along the centres of Port Dundas Road and Buchanan Street to the point first described.

No. 4. — The Central Division.

The area within a line beginning at a point in the centre of the River Clyde immediately opposite the centre of the River Kelvin, and thence proceeding eastwards along the centre of the River Clyde to the centre line of Victoria Bridge; thence northwards along the centre of the said bridge, Stockwell Street, and Glassford Street, to the centre of Ingram Street; thence eastwards along the centre of Ingram Street to a point opposite the centre of John Street; thence northwards along the centre of John Street to the centre of Cathedral Street; thence westwards along the centre of Cathedral Street to the centre of Buchanan Street; thence northwards along the centre of Buchanan Street to a point opposite the centre of Renfrew Street; thence westwards along the centre of Renfrew Street to the centre of Scott Street; thence southwards along the centre of Scott Street to the centre of Sauchiehall Street: thence westwanls along the centre of Sauchiehall Street to the centre of Kelvingrove Street; thence southwards along the centre of Kelvingrove Street to the centre of Dumbarton Road; thence westwards along the centre of Dumbarton Road to the municipal boundary line of the city in the centre of the bridge over the River Kelvin; thence southwards along the centre of that river to the centre of the River Clyde at the point first described.

No. 6. — The College Division.

The area within a line beginning at the centre of the bridge over the River Kelvin on the New Dumbarton Road, where the same intersects the centre of that river, and thence proceeding eastwards along the centre of said bridge and Dumbarton Road to a point opposite the centrfe of Kelvingrove Street; thence northwards along the centre of Kelvingrove Street to

256 Ch. 17. Glasgow Parliamentary Divisions 59 & 60 Vict.

Act, 1896.

, the centre of Sauchieh&U Street; thence eastwards along the centre of

Sanchiehall Street to the centre of Scott Street; thence northwards along the centre of Scott Street to the centre of Renfrew Street; thence eastwards along the centre of Renfrew Street to the centre of Buchanan Street; thence northwards along the centres of Buchanan Street, Port Dundas Road, and the stair leading from Port Dundas Road to the canal; thence westwards along the centre of said canal to a point in the centre of the bridge across the canal opposite the northern end of Ann Street; thence northwards along the centre of said bridge, Craighall Road, and Saracen Street, till it reaches the parliamentary boundary of the city; thence westwards along the parliamentary boundary till it reaches the canal; thence northwards, westwards, southwards, westwards, southwards, and south-eastwards along the parliamentary boundary till it reaches the point in the centre of the River Kelvin first described.

No. 6. — The Tradeston Division.

The area within a line beginning at a point in the centre of the River Clyde immediately opposite the centreline of Thistle Street, and proceeding thence southwards along the centre of Thistle Street to the centre line of Caledonia Road; thence eastwards along the centre of Caledonia Road to the centre line of Crown Street; thence southwards along the centre of Crown Street and Cathcart Road to a point where the said road is intersected by the southern parliamentary boundary of the city; thence following the said boundary line in a westerly, southerly, westerly, south-westerly, westerly, northerly, and north-westerly direction until it reaches the centre of the River Clyde; thence eastwards along the centre of that river till it reaches the point therein first described.

No. 7. — The Blackfriars and Hutchesontown Division.

In the first place, the area within a line beginning at a point in the centre of Albert Bridge, where the same intersects the centre of the River Clyde, northwards along the centre of that bridge, Saltmarket and High Street, to a point opposite the centre of Rottenrow; thence westwards along the centre of Rottenrow to the centre of John Street; thence southwards along the centre of John Street to the centre of Ingram Street; thence westwards along the centre of Ingram Street to a point opposite the centre of Glassford Street; thence southwards along the centres of Glassford Street, Stockwell Street, and the line of Victoria Bridge to a point where the same intersects the centre of the River Clyde; thence eastwards along the centre of the River Clyde to the centre of the line of Albert Bridge, the point first described. And, in the second place, the area within a line beginning at a point in the centre of the River Clyde immediately opposite the centre line of Thistle Street; southwards along the centre of Thistle Street to the centre of Caledonia Road; thence eastwards along the centre of Caledonia Road to the centre of Crown Street; thence southwards along the centres of Crown Street and Cathcart Road to a point where the said road is intersected by the southern parliamentary boundary of the city; thence following the said boundary in an easterly, westerly, and northerly direction till it reaches the centre of the River Clyde; thence along the centre of the River Clyde in a westerly, northerly, and westerly direction, until it reaches the point therein opposite the centre of Thistle Street first described.

1896. Fisheries (Norfolk and Suffolk) Act, Ch. 18. 257

1896.

CHAPTER 18.

An Act to amend the Fisheries Acts relating to Norfolk and Suffolk.

[20th July 1896.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. - (1.) The Board of Trade may, if they think fit, by certificate f0W6J^ form into any fishery district or districts, or add to any existing aSets in7 or future district, all or any part of the River Great Ouse and its Norlblk and tributaries, and of the rivers and streams which flow into the sea Suffolk, north of Landguard Point and south of the coastguard station of Covehithe, both in the county of Suffolk, together with such waters, estuaries, and portions of the coast and sea as may be declared by any such certificate to belong to any district formed or enlarged thereby, and may by any such certificate fix the number of conservators to be appointed as a board, and the number of members of the board to be appointed by each county in the district, and make such other arrangements as may seem to the Board of Trade necessary or proper in connexion with the formation or enlargement of the district.

(2.) On the issue of a certificate under this section, the provisions of the Norfolk and Suffolk Fisheries Act, 1877, and of section eight 409* 41 vict* of the Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1884, shall cease to apply within 47 &'48 the district formed or enlarged by the certificate, and the provisions c. n. of the Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Acts, 1861 to 1892, shall apply therein as if no part of the district were included in the counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, and the district so formed or enlarged shall for all purposes be deemed to be a district formed under the provisions of the said Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Acts.

(8.) On the issue of a certificate under this section the certificate of the formation of the Norfolk and Suffolk Fishery District, dated the twenty-seventh day of October, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-seven, shall cease to have effect within the area to which the new certificate applies, so, however, that nothing in this section shall affect the validity of anything done or suffered under the certificate, and that all proceedings under the certificate and pending at the date of the issue of the new certificate may be carried on and completed as if the old certificate were in force.

(4.) Any byelaws made under the Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Acts, 1861 to 1892, or any of them, or under the Norfolk and Suffolk Fisheries Act, 1877, and in force within any area formed into or added to a fishery district by any such certificate at the date of the issue thereof, shall, notwithstanding any limitation of time for the continuance of any such byelaw, continue to be in force within that area until repealed by the board of conservators of the district so formed or enlarged, and that board may, if it thinks fit, repeal any such byelaws in manner provided for the repeal of byelaws made under the Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1884.Via*.

O# 11 *

2'58 *

Collective

title.

[Short title.]

Amendment of 88 & 39 Vict c. 55. ss. 130, 134. as to regulations with respect to disease.

54 & 55 Vict c. 76.

Ch. 18, ID. Fisheries (Norfolk and Suffolk), 59 & 60 Vict.

1896.

2. This Act shall be read with the Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Acts, 1861 to 1892.

3. This Act may be cited as the Fisheries (Norfolk and Suffolk) Act, 1896.

CHAPTER 19.

An Act to make further Provision with respect to Epidemic, Endemic, and Infectious Diseases, and to repeal the Acts relating to Quarantine.

[7th August 1896.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) Regulations of the Local Government Board made in pursuance of section one hundred and thirty or section one hundred and thirty-four of the Public Health Act, 1875, or in pursuance of either of those sections, as extended to London by the Public Health (London) Act, 1891, may provide for such regulations being enforced and executed by the officers of Customs and the officers and men employed in the Coastguard as well as by other authorities and officers, and without prejudice to the generality of the powers conferred by those sections may provide for —

(a) the signals to be hoisted by vessels having any case of epidemic, endemic, or infectious disease on board; and

(b) the questions to be answered by masters, pilots, and other persons on board any vessel as to cases of such disease on board during the voyage or on the arrival of the vessel; and

(c) the detention of vessels and of persons on board vessels; and

(d) the duties to be performed in cases of such disease by masters, pilots, and other persons on board vessels.

(2.) Provided that the regulations shall be subject to the consent —

(a) so far as they apply to the officers of Customs, of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Customs; and

(b) so far ns they apply to officers or men employed in the Coastguard, of the Admiralty; and

(c) so far as they apply to signals, of the Board of Trade.

(3.) If any person wilfully neglects or refuses to obey or carry out, or obstructs the execution of, any regulation made under section one hundred and thirty or section one hundred and thirty-four of the Public Health Act, 1875, or in pursuance of either of those sections as extended to London by the Public Health (London) Act, 1891, and as amended by this Act, he shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding one hundred pounds, and ftT the case of a continuing offence to a further penalty not exceeding fifty pounds

1896.

Public Health Act, 1896.

CiL 19.

259 '

tor every day during which the offence continues; and any such penalty, if not recovered under the provisions of the Acts relating to public health, shall be recoverable by action on behalf of the Crown in the High Court

2: The powers exerciseable by Her Majesty in Council or any Traml* of two of the Lords of Her Majesty's Privy Council under section two hundred and thirty-four of the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876, c. 86. s. 234. shall be exerciseable by the Local Government Board, and accordingly in that section the words "the Local Government Board " shall be substituted for the words "Her Majesty in Council or any two Lords of Her Majesty's Privy Council."

3. — (10 This Act shall apply to Scotland with the following Application modifications: — w3c"U"d-

(a.) References to the Local Government Board shall be construed as references to the Local Government Board, for Scotland, and references to the High Court as references to the Court of Session;

(6.) References to sections one hundred and thirty and one hundred and thirty-four of the Public Health Act, 1875, shall

be construed as references to this section.

(2.) Whenever any part of the United Kingdom appears to be threatened with or is affected by any epidemic, endemic, or infectious disease, the Local Government Board for Scotland shall, without the issue of an order by the Secretary for Scotland, have the powers set forth in section thirty-two of the Public Health 30 & 31 Vict. (Scotland) Act, 1867, and power to issue regulations under section c-10L thirty-three of that Act; and any such regulations shall, for the purposes of sections thirty-seven and thirty-eight of that Act, have the same effect as the Orders of Council referred to in those sections.

4. In the application of this Act to Ireland — Application (a.) References to the Local Government Board shall be to Ireland.

construed as references to the Local Government Board for Ireland;

(6.) References to sections one hundred and thirty and one hundred and thirty-four of the Public Health Act, 1875, shall be construed as references to sections one hundred and forty-eight and one hundred and forty-nine of the Public 41 & 42 Vict* Health (Ireland) Act, 1878. c-i2 '

5. In the making of the regulations referred to in this Act Regulations regard shall be had to the expediency of uniform regulations to huniform-throughout the whole of the United Kingdom.

6. The enactments relating to quarantine mentioned in the Repeal of schedule to this Act, and the other enactments therein mentioned, enactments-shall be repealed, as to the whole of the British Islands, to the

extent appearing in the third column of that schedule.

7. This Act shall come into operation on the expiration of three Commence-

months from the passing thereof. n, ent of Act *

8. This Act may be cited as the Public Health Act, 1896. short title.

260

Ch. 19.

Public Health Act, 1896.

69 & 60 Vior.

SCHEDULE. Enactments Repealed.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. (Extent of Repeal. 1

6 Geo. 4. o. 78. The Quarantine Act, 1825. The whole Act.

7 Will. 4. and 1 Vict. o.36. The Port Office (Offences) Act, 1837. 1 I j | In section six the words and i every master of a vessel, 1 " or any other person on " board any ship liable to " the performance of quarantine, who shall neglect " or refuse to deliver to " the person or persons " appointed to superintend " the quarantine all letters i in his possession, shall j " forfeit twenty pounds." 1

3 & 4 Vict. c. 96. - The Post Office (Duties) Act, 1840. 1 I Section thirty-six from " and " also except such letters " i to " despatched in the usual " manner by the post."

17 & 18 Vict. c. 94. - The Public Revenue and Consolidated i Fund Charges Act, , 1854. I ' In Schedule B. the words "expenses of quarantine."

30 & 81 Vict. c. 101. The Public Health 1 (Scotland) Act, 1867. Sections thirty-one, thirty-four, and fifty-six.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 55. - The Public Health Act, 1875. i Section one hundred and thirty from "Any person wilfully " to the end of the section. In Part III. of Schedule V. the words re-enacting 29 & 30 Vict. c. 90. ss. 51 and 52.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 36. - The Customs Consolidation Act, 1876. 1 I 1 1 1 1 i In section two hundred and thirty - four the words "whether or not it shall on or after such examination be found expedient " to order such vessels " under the restraint of " quarantine," and the words "and any penalty " incurred under the Act " of the sixth year of the " reign of King George the " Fourth chapter seventy- eight."

52 & 53 Vict. c. 64. - I The Public Health Act, 1889. The whole Act.

1896.

Public Health, 1896. Ch. 19, 20, 21.

261

Session and Chapter. Shrnt Title. Extent of Repeal.

64 & 55 Vict. c. 76.- The Pnblio Health (London) Act, 1891. 1 1 1 In section one hundred and forty-two the words "sections fifty-one and fiffcy- two of the Sanitary Act, " 1866, and" So much of the Act as extends or applies anypro vision of the Public Health Acts which is repealed by this | Act, and in particular the seoond paragraph of section one hundred and thirty of the Public Health Act, 1875, and the whole of section two of the Pnblio Health Act, 1889, as set out in the First Schedule to the Act.

CHAPTER 20.

An Act to amend the Public Health Act with respect to the Powers of Port Sanitary Authorities.

[7th August 1896.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Local Government Board may by order assign to any Powers of port sanitary authority any powers, rights, duties, capacities, and obligations under the Infectious Disease Prevention Act, 1890, 58 & 54 yiet with the necessary modifications. c.

2. This Act may be cited as the Public Health (Ports) Act, Short title 1896, and shall be construed as one with the Public Health

L 8traction.

Act, 1875

CHAPTER 21.

An Act to amend the Procedure of the Liverpool Court of Passage.

[7th August 1896.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that suitors in the Court of Passage in the city of Liverpool should be enabled to appeal from orders made, and decisions and directions given, by the registrar, notwithstanding the absence of the presiding judge of that _I.

0 Digmzed by VjVJOV 1C

Ch. 21. Liverpool Court of Passage, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

262

Court; and that further provisions should be made with regard to the jurisdiction of the Court:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Liverpool Court of Passage Act, 1896.

Provisions as 2. If and whenever, at any time after the passing of this Act, the to appeals. presiding judge of the Court of Passage shall, with the sanction of the authority for the time being empowered to make Rules for the Supreme Court, adopt and apply to the Court of Passage any of the Rules of the Supreme Court, an appeal from any orders made and decisions and directions given by the registrar of the Court under such rules shall be to the presiding judge, and the said authority may by rule provide, in such cases as they may think fit, that, if the presiding judge at the time when such appeal is ready for hearing shall not then be holding a court in the city of Liverpool, the appeal shall be to a judge of the High Court at Chambers, sitting either in London or Liverpool, and such appeal shall be subject to the same rules, regulations, and provisions, as are applicable to an appeal from a district registrar of the Supreme Court.

Limitation 3. Where any action shall be brought in the Court of Passage

of costs. which could have been brought in a county court, whereby a less

sum than ten pounds is recovered, the plaintiff shnll not recover from the defendant a greater amount of costs than he would have been allowed if the action had been brought in a county court.

Transfer of 4. Where in any action of contract brought in the Court of trial to county Passage the claim endorsed on the writ is for a less sum than ten court. pounds, or where such claim, though it originnlly exceeded ten

pounds, is reduced by payment, an admitted set-off, or otherwise, to a less sum than ten pounds, it shall be lawful for either party to the action, if the whole or part of the demand of the plaintiff be contested, to apply to the presiding judge or registrar of the Court at Chambers to order such action to be tried in any county court in which the action might have been tried, and on the hearing of the application the presiding judge or registrar shall order such action to be tried accordingly, and thereupon the plaintiff shall lodge the original writ and the order with the registrar of the county court mentioned in the order, who shall appoint a day for the trial of the action, notice whereof shall be sent by post or otherwise by the registrar of the county court to both parties or their solicitors, and the action and all proceedings therein shall be tried and taken in such county court as if the action had been originally commenced therein.

1896. Chairmen of District Council Act, 1896. Ch. 22, 23. 263

CHAPTER 22.

An Act to exempt certain Chairmen of District Councils who have already taken the Oath from again taking the Oath before acting as Justices of the Peace.

[7th August 1896.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's mast Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. A chairman of a district council who has been re-elected to Chairman on that office on the expiration or other determination of a previous

term of office may continue to act as a justice of the peace without aga t&k?

again taking the oaths mentioned in section twenty-two of the oath as

Local Government Act, 1894. justice of peace.

---

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Chairmen of District Councils Act, 1896.

CHAPTER 23.

An Act for the acquisition of a Site for Public Offices in Westminster, and for purposes connected therewith.

[7th August 1896.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide a site for new public offices in Westminster, and to improve the approaches to the Houses of Parliament:

And whereas for that purpose it is expedient that the Commissioners of Works (in this Act called the Commissioners) should be empowered to acquire certain land and buildings situated in the parish of St. Margaret, Westminster, in the county of London:

And whereas these lands and buildings cannot be acquired without the authority of Parliament:

And whereas duplicate plans (in this Act referred to as the deposited plans) describing the situation of the land proposed to be acquired, with the houses and buildings thereon, with a book of reference thereto (in this Act referred to as the deposited book of reference), containing the names of the owners and lessees, or reputed owners and lessees, and of the occupiers thereof, have been deposited with the clerk of the London County Council:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Commissioners may purchase and acquire for the purposes of this Act all or any of the lands delineated on the deposited plans and described in the deposited book of reference.

---

2. — (1.) For the purpose of the purchase and acquisition of land under this Act the Lands Clauses Acts shall, subj^t lib the

Power to purchase land.

Incorporation of Lands Clauses Acts.

264,

8 & 9 Vict. c. 18.

8 & 9 Vict c. 18.

Vesting of certain lands held by Commissioners for purposes of Westminster Bridge Act, 1853.

16 & 1 1 Vict. c. 46.

Land tax.

Extinction of rights of way and other easements.

Ch. 23. Public Offices (WestmSite 59 & 60 Vict.

Act, 1896.

provisions of this Act, be incorporated with this Act, with the following exceptions and modifications: —

(a.) The provisions relating to the sale of superfluous land and access to the special Act and section one hundred and thirty-three of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845 (relating to land tax and poor rate) shall not be incorporated with this Act:

(b.) In the construction of this Act, and of the incorporated Acts, this Act shall be deemed to be the "special Act, " and the Commissioners shall be deemed to be the " promoters of the undertaking:"

(c.) The bond required by section eighty-five of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, shall be under the common seal of the Commissioners, and shall be sufficient without the addition of the sureties mentioned in that section:

(d.) All claims for compensation made upon the Commissioners under this Act, or any Act incorporated herewith, shall, if the person claiming has no greater interest in the land in respect of which compensation is claimed, than as tenant from year to year, or as a leaseholder for any term of which not more than eighteen months remain un expired at the time at which the claim is made, be determined in manner provided by section one hundred and tweoty-one of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845.

(2.) The powers of the Commissioners for the compulsory purchase of land under this Act shall cease after the expiration of three years from the passing of this Act.

3. So much of the land delineated on the deposited plans and described in the deposited book of reference as is at the passing of this Act vested in the Commissioners for the purposes of the Westminster Bridge Act, 1853, and shall be required by the Commissioners for the purposes of this Act, shall, by virtue of this Act, vest in the Commissioners for the purposes of this Act.

4. Any of the land acquired by or vested in the Commissioners under this Act which is subject to land tax at the time it is acquired or vested shall continue so subject.

Provided that if the Commissioners redeem the land tax on land which is acquired or vested under this Act and is made a highway repairable by the inhabitants at large, no sum shall be assessed or charged in respect of land tax on any land which is acquired or vested under this Act, and is at the time of the acquisition or vesting a highway so repairable.

5. — (1.) All rights of way, rights of laying down or of continuing

any pipes, sewers, or drains, on, through, or under any of the land acquired by or vested in the Commissioners under the provisions of this Act, and all other rights and easements in or relating to that land, shall be extinguished, and all the soil of those ways, and the property in the pipes, sewers, and drains, shall vest in the Commissioners.

1896.

Public Office# (Westminster) Site Act, 1896. Ch. 23.

265

(2.) Provided that any persons may recover from the Commissioners such compensation (if any) as they may be entitled to under any of the provisions of the Lands Clauses Acts for any rights or property of which they may be deprived in pursuance of this section, and the amount of that compensation shall be determined in manner provided by the Lands Clauses Acts as modified for the purpose of their incorporation with this Act.

6. Nothing in this Act shall affect any rights or jurisdiction of ^"*8for the London County Council in relation to any sewers, drains, or watercourses.

7. The Commissioners and their surveyor, officers, and work- enter

men may at all reasonable time in the daytime, on giving twenty- on

four hours notice in writing, enter on any of the land which the Commissioners are authorised to acquire under this Act for the purpose of surveying or valuing the land.

8. The Commissioners may erect all such buildings, execute Power of Comall such works, and do all such other things as may in their ners to opinion be necessary or proper for the purpose of providing new

public offices on the land acquired or vested in them under this Act, or of improving the approaches to the Houses of Parliament, and appropriating any such land for any of those purposes.

9. The London County Council and the Vestry of St. Margaret

and St. John Westminster may agree with the Commissioners to coanty undertake the execution of anything authorised to be done by the Council and Commissioners under this Act, or to contribute towards the expense y^to^iat thereof, and any money required for any expenses incurred in in^xecution1* pursuance of any such agreement may be raised (if necessary by of works, borrowing) in the case of the London County Council in manner 52 Vict provided by the Local Government Act, 1888, and any Act ig 19 Vict. amending that Act, and in the case of the Vestry in manner 120. provided by the Metropolis Management Acts, 1855 to 1890.

10. — (1.) Where, in the removal or pulling down of any build- Protection of ings or in raising or lowering the ground of any street or way for and"' the purpose of this Act, it is necessary to raise, sink, or otherwise electricity alter the position relatively to the surface of the ground of any companies, pipe, wire, or other apparatus laid down or used by any gas, water,

or electricity company, or connected with any house or building for the supply of gas, water, or electricity,

(a) one months notice shall be given to the company previously to the commencement of any such work; and

(b) the work shall be executed to the reasonable satisfaction of the eogineer of the company, or in case of difference of an engineer to be selected by the Board of Trade; and

(c) every such work shall be so executed as to cause as little inconvenience as circumstances will admit to the company; and

(d) the Commissioners shall make compensation to the company for all loss or damage, if any, which may be occasioned by the execution of any of the works authorised by this Act. by

53 & 54 Vict.

n. 54.

266

For protection of Institution of Civil Engineers.

Provisions as to expenses, &c. of Commissioners.

Penalty for obstructing Commissioners.

[Short title.]

Ch. 23, 24. Public Offices (Westm) Site 59 & 60 Vict.

Act, 1896.

(2.) For the purposes of this section the expression "gas, water, or electricity company " includes any person or body of persons supplying gas, water, or electricity.

11. Any building erected by the Commissioners under the powers of this Act opposite the back of the building of the Institution of Civil Engineers shall be distant at least fifty feet from such building, and shall not exceed eighty feet in height from the ground level, and shall be faced with glazed bricks of a colour to be approved by the Institution of Civil Engineers. Access to Boar's Head Yard from Delahay Street for pedestrians and vehicles shall be preserved by the Commissioners.

12. — (1.) All expenses incurred by the Commissioners under thrs Act shall be defrayed out of money provided by Parliament.

(2.) The provisions of the Commissioners of Works Act, 1852, and any Act amending that Act, shall apply in the case of the acquisition of land by the Commissioners under this Act in like manner as in the case of a purchase under that Act, and any notice, summons, writ, or other document required to be given, issued, or signed, by or on behalf of the Commissioners may be given, issued, or signed by the secretary or assistant secretary of the Commissioners and need not be under their common seal.

13. If any person wilfully obstructs any person acting under the authority of the Commissioners in the lawful exercise of the powers vested in them under this Act, he shall for each offence be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

14. This Act may be cited as the Public Offices (Westminster) Site Act, 1896.

CHAPTER 24.

An Act for the Acquisition of Property for the Extension of the General Register House at Edinburgh.

[7th August 1896.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide further accommodation for the business of the Sasine Office and other public departments carried on at the General Register House situate at Princes Street in the city of Edinburgh:

And whereas for that purpose it is expedient that the Commissioners of Works should be empowered to acquire certain land and buildings situated in the city parish of the said city of Edinburgh: And whereas those lands and buildings cannot be acquired without the authority of Parliament:

And whereas duplicate plans (in this Act referred to as the deposited plans) describing the situation of the land proposed to be acquired, with the houses and buildings thereon, with a book of reference thereto containing the names of the owners and lessees or reputed owners and lessees, and of the occupiers thereof, have been deposited with the principal sheriff clerk of the county of

1896. Edinburgh General Register House Act, 1896. Ch. 24. 267

Midlothian, and also with the principal sheriff clerk of the county of the city of Edinburgh:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Commissioners may purchase and acquire for the purposes Power to of this Act all or any of the lands delineated on the deposited plans purchase laud, and described in the deposited books of reference.

2. — (1.) For the purpose of the purchase and acquisition of land Incorporation under this Act the Lands Clauses Acts shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, be incorporated with this Act with the C Mes ct8, following exceptions and modifications:—

(a.) The provisions relating to the sale of superfluous land and access to the special Act shall not be incorporated with this Act:

(b.) In the construction of this Act, and of the incorporated Acts, this Act shall be deemed to be the "special Act, " and the Commissioners shall be deemed to be the " promoters of the undertaking ":

(c.) The bond required by section eighty-four of the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, shall be under the common seal of the Commissioners, and shall be sufficient without the addition of the securities mentioned in that section:

id.) All claims for compensation made upon the Commissioners under this Act, or any Act incorporated herewith, shall, if the person claiming has no greater interest in the land in respect of which compensation is claimed, than as tenant from year to year, or as a leaseholder for any term of which not more than eighteen months remain unexpired at the time at which the claim is made, be determined in manner provided by section one hundred and fourteen of the Lands Clauses Consolidation 8 & Vict. (Scotland) Act, 1845. c. 19.

(2.) The powers of the Commissioners for the compulsory purchase of land under this Act shall cease after the expiration of three years from the passing of this Act.

3. All rights of way, rights of laying down or of continuing Extinction of any pipes, sewers, or drains, on, through, or under any of the lands acquired by or vested in the Commissioners under the provisions of easements, this Act, and all other rights and servitude in or relating to such lands shall be extinguished, and all the soil of such ways, and the property in the pipes, sewers, and drains shall vest in the Commissioners:

Provided that any person may recover from the Commissioners such compensation (if any) as they may be entitled to under any of the provisions of the Lands Clauses Acts for any rights or property of which they may be deprived in pursuance of this section, and the amount of that compensation shall be determined in manner

268

Ch. 24.

Power to enter on lands.

Power of Commissioners to build.

Payment of expenses and application of 15 & 16 Vict. c. 28.

Signature of notices.

[Short title.]

Edinburgh General Register 59 & 60 Vict. Home Act, 1896.

provided by the Lands Clauses Acts as modified for the purpose of their incorporation with this Act:

Provided also, that with respect to any pipes, sewers, drains, or electric lighting distributing mains or service lines belonging to the Corporation of Edinburgh, the Edinburgh and District Water Trustees, and the Edinburgh and Leith Corporations Gas Commissioners respectively, within any such lands, the Commissioners shall, before they interfere with any such pipes, sewers, drains, mains, or lines, or interrupt the flow of sewage, water, gas, or electricity therein, as the case may be, give at least one month's previous written notice of their intention to the town clerk of Edinburgh, the clerk to the said Water Trustees, and the clerk to the said Gas Commissioners respectively, and the owners respectively of the said pipes, sewers, drains, mains, and lines may, at the expense of the Commissioners, remove the same and provide such new pipes, sewers, drains, mains, and lines as they may respectively consider necessary, or otherwise do everything they may deem requisite for protecting the flow of sewage, water, gas, or electricity, as the case may be.

4. The Commissioners and their surveyors, officers, and workmen may at all reasonable time in the daytime, on giving twenty-four hours notice in writing, enter on any of the land which the Commissioners are authorised to acquire under this Act for the purpose of surveying or valuing the same.

5. The Commissioners, after they have obtained possession of any land which they are authorised to acquire under this Act, may erect all such buildings, execute all such works, and do all such other things, as may in their opinion be necessary or proper for the purpose of providing accommodation for the business of the Sasine Office and other public departments, and appropriating any such land for that accommodation.

6. — (1.) All expenses incurred by the Commissioners under this Act shall be defrayed out of money provided by Parliament

(2.) The provisions of the Commissioners of Works Act, 1852, and any Act amending that Act shall apply in the case of the acquisition of land by the Commissioners under this Act in like manner as in the case of a purchase under that Act and any land acquired by the Commissioners under this Act, or acquired by them before the passing of this Act for the extension of the General Register House at Edinburgh, shall be held by the Commissioners for the public service in like manner as if those lands had been purchased under the Commissioners of Works Act, 1852.

7. Any notice, summons, writ, or other document required to be given, issued, or signed by or on behalf of the Commissioners may be given, issued, or signed by the secretary or assistant secretary of the Commissioners and need not be under their common seal.

8. This Act may be cited as the Edinburgh General Register House Act, 1896.

1896. Friendly Societies Act, 1896. Ch. 26. 269

CHAPTER 25.

An Act to consolidate the Law relating to Friendly and other Societies.

[7th August 1896.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

The Registry Office.

1. — (1.) There shall continue to be a chief registrar of friendly The registry societies (in this Act called "the chief registrar"), and one or office‘ more assistant registrars of friendly societies for England (in this Act called "assistant registrars for England and the chief registrar and assistant registrars for England shall continue to constitute the central office of the registry of friendly societies.

(2.) There shall continue to be an assistant registrar of friendly societies for Scotland (in this Act called "assistant registrar for Scotland"), and an assistant registrar of friendly societies for Ireland (in this Act called "assistant registrar for Ireland ").

(3.) Every chief registrar and assistant registrar shall be appointed by and shall hold his office during the pleasure of the Treasury.

(4.) The chief registrar shall be a banister of not less than twelve years standing, and one at least of the assistant registrars for England, and the assistant registrar for Ireland, shall be a barrister or solicitor of not less than seven years standing, and the assistant registrar for Scotland shall be an advocate, writer to the signet, or solicitor of not less than seven years standing.

(5.) The central office may, with the approval of the Treasury, have attached to it such assistants skilled in the business of an actuary and an accountant as may be required for discharging the duties imposed on the office by this Act.

2. — (1.) The central office shall continue to exercise the functions Functions of

and powers formerly vested — SlcS"*1*1

(a) as respects trade unions, in the registrar of friendly societies in England; and

(h) as respects building societies, in the registrar of building societies in England; and

(c) as respects unincorporated benefit building societies, loan societies, and societies instituted for purposes of science literature or the fine arts, in the barristers appointed to certify the rules of savings banks or friendly societies,

and shall be entitled to receive all fees payable to those registrars and barristers; and all enactments relating to those registrars and

' 270

Ch. 25.

Friendly Societies, 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

barristers shall, so far as respects trade unions and such societies as aforesaid, be construed as applying to the central office.

(2.) The central office shall, with the approval of the Treasury —

(a) prepare and cause to be circulated, for the use of societies, model forms of accounts, balance sheets, and valuations; and (5) collect from the returns under this Act and from other sources, and publish and circulate, either generally or in any particular district, or otherwise make known, such information on the subject of the statistics of life and -sickness, and the application thereof to the business of friendly societies, and such particulars of their returns and valuations, and such other information useful to the members of or to persons interested in societies registered or capable of being registered under this Act, as the chief registrar may think fit; and (c) cause to be constructed and published tables for the payment of sums of money on death, in sieknessr or old Age, or on any other contingency forming the subject of an assurance authorised under this Act which may appear to be calculable: Provided that the adoption of the tables by a society shall he optional.

Functions of assistant registrars generally.

3. — (1.) The assistant registrars shall, except as m this Act provided, be subordinate to the chief registrar.

(2.) They shall, within the parts of the United Kingdom for which they are respectively appointed, exercise all functions and powers by this Act given to the registrar, and may also by the written authority of the chief registrar, exercise such of the functions.and powers by this Act given to the chief registrar as he may delegate to them.

Functions of assistant registrars for Scotland and Ireland.

4. — (1.) Subject to any regulations to be made under this Act, the assistant registrars for Scotland and Ireland respectively shall continue to exercise the functions and powers formerly vested —

(a) as respects trade unions, in the registrars of friendly societies in Scotland and Ireland; and

(b) as respects building societies, in the registrars of building societies in Scotland and Ireland; and

(c) as respects benefit building societies and societies instituted for purposes of science literature or the fine arts, in Scotland, in the Lord Advocate or his deputes appointed to certify the rules of any such societies, and, in Ireland, in any barristers appointed for the like purpose;

and shall be entitled to receive all fees payable to those registrars, the Lord Advocate or his deputes, and those barristers respectively; and all provisions in any Acts of Parliament relating to those persons respectively shall be construed as applying to those assistant registrars.

(2.) Subject as aforesaid, the assistant registrars for Scotland and Ireland shall —

(a) send to the central office copies of all such documents registered or recorded by them as the chief registrar may direct: and

1896.

Friendly Societies, 1896. Ch. 25.

271

(b) record such documents and matters as may be sent to them for record from the central office, and such other documents and matters as are in this Act required to be recorded: and

(c) circulate and publish, or transmit to or from societies registered in Scotland or Ireland respectively, from or to the central office, such information and documents relating to the purposes of this Act as the chief registrar may, with the approval of the Treasury, direct: and

(d) report their proceedings to the chief registrar as he may direct.

(3.) An assistant registrar for Scotland or Ireland shall not refuse to record any rules or amendments of rules which have been registered by the central office.

5. The Treasury shall, out of money to be . provided by Parlia- Salaries and ment, pay to the chief and assistant registrars such salaries or expenses, other remunerations, and such sums of money for defraying the expenses of office rent, salaries of assistants, clerks, and servants, remuneration for actuaries, accountants, and inspectors, computation of tables, publication of documents, diffusion of information, expenses of prosecutions, travelling expenses and other allowances of the chief or any assistant registrar, and other expenses which may be incurred for carrying out the purposes of this Act, as the Treasury may allow.

0. The chief registrar shall every year make a report of his Report of the proceedings and of those of the assistant registrars* and of the chief registrar, principal matters transacted by him and them and of the valuations returned to or caused to be made by the registrar during the year preceding, and that report shall be laid before Parliament.

7. All documents by this Act required to be sent to the registrar Deposit of shall be deposited with the rules of the societies to which the documents, documents respectively relate, and shall be registered or recorded

by the registrar, with such observations thereon, if any, as the chief registrar may direct.

Registry of Societies.

8. The following societies may be registered under this Act; — Societies which

(1.) Societies (in this Act called friendly societies) for the purpose registered, of providing by voluntary subscriptions of the members thereof, with or without the aid of donations, for —

(a) the relief or maintenance of the members, their husbands, wives, children, fathers, mothers, brothers *, or sisters, nephews or nieces, or wards being orphans, during sickness or other infirmity, whether bodily or mental, -in old age (which shall mean any age after fifty) or in widowhood, or for the relief or maintenance of the orphan children, of members during minority; or (b) insuring money to be paid on the birth of a member's

child, or on the death of a member, or for the funeral, A

expenses of the husband, wife, or child of a member, or

ip £

272

Ch. 25.

Friendly Societies Act, 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

of the widow of a deceased member, or, as respects persons of the Jewish persuasion, for the payment of a sum of money during the period of confined mourning; or (c) the relief or maintenance of the members when on travel in search of employment, or when in distressed circumstances, or in case of shipwreck, or loss or damage of or to boats or nets; or

(d) the endowment of members or nominees of members at any age; or

(e) the insurance against fire, to any amount not exceeding fifteen pounds, of the tools or implements of the trade or calling of the members.

Provided that a friendly society which contracts with any person for the assurance of an annuity exceeding fifty pounds per annum, or of a gross sum exceeding two hundred pounds, shall not be registered under this Act:

(2.) Societies (in this Act called cattle insurance societies) for the purpose of insurance to any amount against loss of neat cattle, sheep, lambs, swine, horses, and other animals by death from disease or otherwise:

(3.) Societies (in this Act called benevolent societies) for any benevolent or charitable purpose:

(4.) Societies (in this Act called working-men's clubs) for purposes of social intercourse, mutual helpfulness, mental and moral improvement, and rational recreation:

(5.) Societies (in this Act called specially authorised societies) for any purpose which the Treasury may authorise as a purpose to which the provisions of this Act, or such of them as are specified in the authority, ought to be extended.

Provided that where any provisions of this Act are so specified, those provisions only shall be so extended.

Conditions of 9. — (1.) A society shall not be registered under this Act unless

registration, it consists of seven persons at least.

(2.) For the purpose of registry there shall be sent to the registrar an application to register the society, signed by seven members and the secretary, and copies of the rules, together with a list of the names of the secretary and of every trustee or other officer intended to be authorised to sue and be sued on behalf of the society.

(3.) The rules of the society so sent shall, according to the class in which the society is to be registered, contain provisions in respect of the several matters mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act.

* 4^(4.) If the list is signed by the secretary and every trustee and other officer named therein, it shall on the registry of the society be evidence that the persons so named have been duly appointed.

Kaa»e of 10. A society shall not be registered under a name identical

0Ofll4 j. with that under which any other existing society is registered, or

so nearly resembling that name as to be likely, orrfn-jmy name

1896. Friendly Societies Act, 1896. Ch. 26. 273

likely, in the opinion of the registrar, to deceive the members or the public as to its nature or its identity.

11. The registrar, on being satisfied that a society has complied Acknowledg-with the provisions of this Act as to registry, shall issue to that "e?ttiof society an acknowledgment of registry specifying the designation y‘

of the society, according to the classification set forth in this Act, and this acknowledgment shall be conclusive evidence that the society therein mentioned is duly registered, unless it is proved that the registry of the society has been suspended or cancelled.

12. — (1.) From a refusal to register a society an appeal shall lie Appeals from

as follows:— refusal to register

(a) if the assistant registrar for Scotland or for Ireland refuses to register, the society may appeal to the chief registrar, and if he refuses, to the Court of Session in Scotland, or to the High Court in Ireland:

(b) if the central office refuse, the society may appeal to the High Court in England.

(2.) If the refusal to register is overruled on appeal, the registrar shall give an acknowledgment of registry to the society.

13. — (1.) An amendment of a rule made by a registered society Registry of shall not be valid until the amendment has been registered under amendment* of this Act, for which purpose copies of the amendment, signed by ro e*‘ three members and the secretary, shall be sent to the registrar.

(2.) The registrar shall, on being satisfied that any amendment of a rule is not contrary to the provisions of this Act, issue to the society an acknowledgment of registry of the amendment, and that acknowledgment shall be conclusive evidence that the amendment is duly registered.

(3.) The provisions of this Act as to appeals from a refusal to register a society shall apply to a refusal to register an amendment of a rule.

14. — (1.) A society carrying or intending to carry on business Registry of in more than one part of the United Kingdom shall be registered in the part in which its registered office is situate; but the rules busmesf and registered amendments of rules of any such society shall be more than one recorded by the registrars of the other parts, and for that purpose the copies of the rules and amendments shall be sent to those Kingdom, registrars.

(2.) Until the rules are so recorded the society shall not be entitled to any of the privileges of this Act in t!'.e part of the United Kingdom in which the rules have not been recorded, and until the amendments of rules are recorded they shall not take effect in that part.

15. A society (other than a benevolent society or working-men's Registry of club) shall not be disentitled to registry by reason of any rule for or practice of dividing any part of the funds thereof if the rules of the society contain distinct provision for meeting all claims upon the society existing at the time of division before any such division takes place.

274

Registry of societies assuring annuities.

Registry of societies with branches.

Establishment of new branches.

Application of previous provisions to branches.

CH. 25.

Friendly Societies Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

16. A society assuring a certain annuity shall not be entitled to registry, unless the tables of contributions for the assurance, certified by the actuary to the National Debt Commissioners, or by some actuary approved by the Treasury, who has exercised the profession of actuary for at least five years, are sent to the registrar with the application for registry.

Societies with Branches.

17. — (1.) Where a society has branches, the application for registry shall be accompanied with —

(a) a list of all the branches, and notice of the place where the registered office of each branch is situate; and

(b) if any branch is to have trustees or officers authorised to sue and be sued on its behalf, other than the trustees or officers authorised to sue and be sued on behalf of the society, a list of the names of all such trustees or officers, distinguishing the branches for which they are authorised to sue and be sued; and

(c) if the rules of all the branches (in this Act called branch rules) are or are intended to be identical, a statement to that effect, and copies of those rules; and

(d) if the branch rules are not or are not intended to be identical, a statement to that effect, and copies of all branch rules.

(2.) A society having a fund under the control of a central body to which every branch is bound to contribute may be registered as a single society, and where any such society has branches in more than one part of the United Kingdom the provision of this Act as to the registry of societies doing business in more than one such part shall apply to that society.

18. — (1.) There shall be sent under the hand of the secretary of a registered society to the registrar —

(a) notice of the establishment of every new branch of the society; and

(b) notice of the place where the registered office of the branch is situate; and

(c) if the branch is to have trustees or officers authorised to sue and be sued on its behalf other than the trustees or officers authorised to sue and be sued on behalf of the society, a list of the names of such trustees or officers; and . (d) a statement whether or not the rules of the branch are identical with those of the other branches of the society, and, if not so, a copy of the rules of the branch.

(2.) Where the rules of the new branch are not identical with those of the other branches of the society, the society shall not be entitled to any of the privileges of this Act in respect of that branch until that branch has been registered in the part of the United Kingdom in which the registered office of the branch is to be situate.

19. The provisions of this Act as to — *

(a) the acknowledgment of registry of societies and amendments of rules; and ‘___

1896. Friendly Societies 1896. Ch. 26. 273

(b) appeals from refusals bo register societies and amendment of rules and the result thereof; and

(c) the registry of amendments of rules; and

(d), evidence of registry and of the appointment of trustees and officers

shall apply to branches and amendments of branch rules.

20. — (I.) A body which has been registered as a branch of a Requisites for society shall not be registered as a society except on production to j^ncEosas the registrar of a certificate under the hand of the chief secretary societies, or other principal officer of the society of which it was a branch, that the body has wholly seceded or has been expelled from the society.

(2.) An appeal shall lie from the refusal of the chief secretary or other principal officer of the society, or his omission after three months from the receipt of a request in writing made on behalf of the body to grant a certificate, to the High Court in England or Ireland or to the Court of Session in Scotland.

2L A body which, having been a branch of a. society, has wholly Name of seceded or been expelled from that society shall not thereafter use or

the name of that society or any name implying that it is & branch branch, thereof, or the number by which it was designated as sudh branch.

22. — (1.) A registered society or branch may contribute to the Contributions funds and take part by delegates or otherwise in the government of ^tyUto any other registered society or registered branch of a society, as another, provided in the rules of that first-named society or branch, without becoming a branch under this Act of that other society or branch.

(2.) This section shall in respect of contributing to the funds and taking part in the government of a medical society, that is to say, a society for the purpose of relief in sickness by providing medicai attendance and medicine, extend to any registered trade union or branch of a registered trade union.

(3.) A registered society or trade union or branch shall not withdraw from contributing to the funds of any such medical society except on three months notice to the society and on payment of all contributions accrued or accruing due to the date of the expiration of the notice.

Consequences of Registry,

23. Save as provided by section thirty-one of this Act, the Subscription subscription of a person being or having been a member of a not recoverable registered Society or branch shall not be recoverable at law. Bt aw '

24. — (1.) Every registered society and branch shall have a Registered registered office to which all communications and notices. ipay be office* addressed, and shall send to the, registrar notice of the situation of that office, and of every change therein.

(2.) In the case of a branch the notice shall be sent to the registrar through ah officer appointed in that behalf by the society of which the branch forms part.

276

Ch. 25.

Friendly Societies Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

Appointment 25. — (1.) Every registered society and branch shall have one or

of trnstew. more trustees.

(2.) The trustees shall be appointed at a meeting of the society or branch, and by a resolution of a majority of the members present and entitled to vote thereat

(3.) The society or branch shall send to the registrar a copy of every resolution appointing a trustee, signed by the trustee so appointed, and by the secretary of the society or branch.

(4.) The same person shall not be secretary or treasurer of a registered society or branch, and a trustee of that society or branch.

(5.) In the case of a branch the copy of the resolution shall be sent to the registrar through an officer appointed in that behalf by the society of which the branch forms part.

Audit. 26. — (1.) Every registered society and branch shall once at

least in every year submit its accounts for audit either to one of the public auditors appointed as in this Act mentioned, or to two or more persons appointed as the rules of the society or branch provide.

(2.) The auditors shall have access to all the books and account? of the society or branch, and shall examine the annual return mentioned in this Act, and verify the annual return with the accounts and vouchers relating thereto, and shall either sign the annual return as found by them to be correct, duly vouched, and in accordance with law, or specially report to the society or branch in what respects they find it incorrect, unvouched, or not in accordance with law.

27. — (1.) Every registered society and branch shall once in every year, not later than the thirty-first day of May, send to the registrar a return (in this Act called the annual return) of the receipts and expenditure, funds, and effects of the society or branch as audited.

(2.) The annual return must —

(a) show separately the expenditure in respect of the several objects of the society or branch; and (i b) be made out to the thirty-first day of December then last inclusively; and (c) state whether the audit has been conducted by a public auditor appointed as by this Act provided, and by whom, and, if by persons other than a public auditor, state the name, address, and calling or profession of every such person, and the manner in which, and the authority under which, he is appointed.

(3.) The society or branch shall, together with the annual return, send a copy of any special report of the auditors.

(4.) In the case of a branch the annual return shall be sent to the registrar through an officer appointed in that behalf by the society of which the branch forms part.

Annual returns.

1896.

Friendly Societies Act, 1896. Ch. 25.

277

28. — (1.) Every registered society and branch shall, except as in

this section provided, once at least in every five years either — v ua on‘

(a) cause its assets and liabilities to be valued by a vainer to be appointed by the society or branch and send to the registrar a report on the condition of the society or branch; or (b) send to the registrar a return of the benefits assured and contributions receivable from all the members of the society or branch, and of all its funds and effects, debts and credits, accompanied by such evidence in support thereof as the chief registrar prescribes.

(2.) If the society or branch sends to the registrar such report as aforesaid, the report must —

(a) be signed by the valuer; and

(b) state the address and calling or profession of the valuer; and

(c) contain an abstract to be made by the valuer of the results of his valuation, together with a statement containing such information with respect to the benefits assured and the contributions receivable by the society or branch, and of its funds and effects, debts and credits, as the registrar may require.

(3.) If the society or branch sends to the registrar such return as aforesaid he shall cause the assets and liabilities of the society or branch to be valued and reported on by some actuary, and shall send to the society or branch a copy of the report and an abstract of the results of the valuation.

(4.) Provided that this section shall not apply to —

(a) a benevolent society, working-men's club, cattle insurance society or branch thereof; or (b) a specially authorised society or branch unless it is so directed in the authority for registering that society or branch.

(5.) Provided also that the chief registrar may, with the approval of the Treasury, dispense with the provisions of this section in respect of societies or branches to whose purposes or to the nature of whose operations he may deem those provisions inapplicable.

29. Every registered society and branch shall keep a copy of the cPy of last last annual balance sheet, and of the last quinquennial valuation, ce 8 *' together with any special report of the auditors, always hung

up in a conspicuous place at the registered office of the society or branch.

30. — (1.) For the purpose of audits and valuations to be made Public auditors under this Act the Treasury may appoint public auditors and and Taue"' valuers and may determine the rates of remuneration to be paid by

societies and branches for the services of those auditors and valuers; but the employment of those auditors and valuers shall not be compulsory.

(2.) The Treasury may out of money to be provided by Parliament pay to the public auditors and valuers such remuneration (if any) as the Treasury may allow.

31. — (1.) The rules of a registered cattle insurance society or ^§l‘tercd branch, and of such specially authorised societies or branches thereof insurance and as the Treasury may allow to take the benefit of this section, shall other societies.

Ch. 25.

Friendly Societies Act, 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

2*8 '

bind the society or branch and the members thereof; and afl persons claiming through them respectively, to the same extent as if each member had subscribed his name and affixed his seal thereto, and there were in the rules contained a covenant on the part of himself, his heirs, executors, and administrators, to conform to the rules subject to the provisions of this Act.

(2.) All sums of money payable by a member to such society or branch as aforesaid shall be deemed to be a debt due from the member to the society or branch, and shall be recoverable as such in the county court of the district in which the member resides.

Exception of societies from corresponding Societies Acts, &c.

39 Geo. 3. c. 79.

57 Geo. 3. c. 19.

Exemptions from stomp duty.

Transfer of stock standing in name of trustee.

Privileges of Registered Societies.

32. — (1.) A registered society or branch or a meeting of a registered society or branch shall not be affected by any of the provisions of the Unlawful Societies Act, 1799, or of the Seditious Meetings Act, 1817, if in the society or branch or at the meeting no business is transacted other than that which directly and immediately relates to the objects of the society or branch as declared in the rules thereof; but the society or branch, and all officers thereof shall, on request in writing by two justices of the peace, give to such justices full information of the nature, objects, proceedings, and practices of the society or branch.

(2.) If the society or branch when so required fails to give such information as aforesaid, the provisions of those Act9 shall, so far as applicable, be in force in respect of the society or branch.

33. Stamp duty shall not be chargeable upon any of the following documents: —

(a.) Draft or order or receipt given by or to a registered society or branch in respect of money payable by virtue of its rules or of this Act:

(b.) Letter or power of attorney granted by nny person as trustee for the transfer of any money of a registered society or branch invested in his name in the public funds:

(c.) Bond given to or on account of a registered society or branch or by the treasurer or other officer thereof:

(cl.) Policy of insurance or appointment or revocation of appointment of agent or other document required or authorised by this Act or by the rules of a registered society or branch.

34. — (1.) In any of the following esses, namely: —

(i.) where a person being or having been a trustee of a registered society or branch, and whether appointed before or after the registry thereof, in whose name any stock belonging to that society or branch transferable at the Bank of England or Bank of Ireland is standing, either jointly with another or others, or solely — ' *

(a)is absent from the British Islands; or (6) becomes bankrupt, or files any petition or executes any deed foe' liquidation o£ his affair? by assignment or arrangement, or for composition with his creditors; or

s

1896. '

Friendly Societies 1896.

Ci. 26.

279

(c) becomes lunatic or is dead; or

(<2) has been removed from his office of trustee; or

(ii.) if it is unknown whether such person is living or dead, the chief registrar may, on application in writing from the secretary and three members- of the society or branch, and on proof satisfactory to him, direct the transfer of the stock into the names of any other persons as trustees for the society or branch.

(2.) The transfer shall be made by the surviving or continuing trustees, or if there is no such trustee, or if the trustees refuse or are unable to make the transfer, and the chief registrar so directs, then by the Accountant General or Deputy or Assistant Accountant General of the Bank of England or Bank of Ireland, as the case may be.

(3.) The Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland are hereby indemnified for anything done by them or any of their officers in pursuance of this section against any claim or demand of any person injuriously affected thereby.

35. — (1.) In the following cases, namely — Priority on

(a) upon the death or bankruptcy of any officer of a registered ^Ath» b?nk* society or branch having in his possession by virtue of his ISfS ° ° office any money or property belonging to the society or

branch; or

(b) if any execution, attachment, or other process is issued, or action or diligence raised against any such officer or against his property,

his heirs, executors, or administrators, or trustee in bankruptcy, or the sheriff or other person executing the process, or the party using the action or diligence respectively shall, upon demand in writing of the trustees of the society or branch, or of any two of them, or of any person authorised by the society or branch, or by the committee thereof, to make the demand, pay the money, and deliver over the property to the trustees of the society or branch in preference to any other debt or claim against the estate of the officer.

(2.) In this section the expression bankruptcy " shall include liquidation of a debtor's affairs by arrangement in England, cessio bonorum of a debtor in Scotland, and a petition for arrangement with creditors in Ireland; and the expression "trustee in bankruptcy " shall include a judicial factor in Scotland, and an assignee in Ireland.

36. — (1.) The rules of a registered society or branch may pro- Membership of vide for the admission of a person under twenty-one years of age minor8-

but above one year of age as a member.

(2.) Any such member may, if he-is over sixteen years of age by himself, and if he is under that age by his parent or guardian, execute all instruments and give all acquittances, necessary to be executed orgiyen under the rales, but-shall not be a member of the committee, or a trustee, manager, or treasurer of the society or branch.

37. A registered society or branch may subscribe out its fhrf&a Subscription!

to any hospital, infirmary, charitable or provident ‘ instiffttkm, any to ^P1*1* annual or other sum which may be necessary (to secure to members

280

Ch. 25.

Friendly Societies Act, 1896. 59 60 Vict.

Right to supply of copies of the rales.

Right to supply of copies of animal return.

Inspection of books by members.

Limitation of benefits.

Accumulation of surplus of contributions.

Militiamen and Volunteers.

of the society or branch and their families the benefits of the hospital, infirmary, or other institution, according to its rules.

Rights of Members.

38. Every registered society and branch shall deliver to every person on demand, on payment of a sum not exceeding one shilling, a copy of the rules of the society or branch.

39. Every registered society and branch shall supply gratuitously to every member or person interested in its funds, on his application, either

(a) a copy of the last annual return of the society or branch; or

(b) a balance sheet or other document duly audited containing the same particulars as to the receipts and expenditure, funds, and effects, of the society or branch as are contained in the annual return.

40. A member or person having an interest in the funds of a registered society or branch may inspect the books at all reasonable hours at the registered office of the society or branch, or at any place where the books are kept, except that the member or person shall not, unless he is an officer of the society or branch, or is specially authorised by a resolution of the society or branch to do so, have the right to inspect the loan account of any other member without the written consent of that member.

41. — (1.) A member, or person claiming through a member, of a registered friendly society or branch, shall not be entitled to receive more than two hundred pounds by way of gross sum, together with any bonuses or additions declared upon assurances not exceeding that amount, or (except as provided by this Act) fifty pounds a year by way of annuity, from any one or more such societies or branches.

(2.) Any such society or branch may require a member, or person claiming through a member, to make and sign a statutory declaration that the total amount to which that member or person is entitled from one or more such societies or branches does not exceed the sums aforesaid.

42. The rules of a registered society or branch may provide for accumulating at interest, for the use of any member, any surplus of his contributions to the funds of the society or branch which may remain after providing for any assurance in respect of which they are paid and for the withdrawal of the accumulations.

43. — (1.) A person shall not, by reason of his enrolment or service in the militia or as a naval coast volunteer, Royal Naval volunteer, naval artillery volunteer, or in any corps of yeomanry or volunteers whatsoever, lose or forfeit any interest in a friendly society or branch whether registered or unregistered which he possesses at the time of his being so enrolled or serving, or be fined for absence from or non-attendance at any meeting of the society or branch, if his absence or non-attendance is occasioned by the discharge of his military or naval duty as certified by his commanding officer, any rules of the society or branch to the contrary notwithstanding.

1896.

Friendly Societies, 1896. Ch. 25.

281

(2.) A dispute between any such society or branch and person by reason of that enrolment or service shall be decided by a court of summary jurisdiction.

(3.) If the rules of a society or branch certified before the twenty-third day of July one thousand eight hundred and fifty-five, and in force at the time of the enrolment or service, provide that a member shall be deprived of any benefit by reason of that enrolment or service, the society or branch may require of the member a contribution exceeding the rate of contribution otherwise payable by him to an amount not exceeding one tenth of that rate during the time the member is serving out of the United Kingdom, or may suspend all claim of the member to any benefits assured by the society or branch, and all claim of the society or branch to any contributions payable by the member, during the time only he is serving out of the United Kingdom, but so that if he returns to the United Kingdom he shall forthwith be replaced on the same footing as before he went abroad on service.

44. — (1.) The trustees of a registered society or branch may, with Investment of the consent of the committee or of a majority of the members ftmd8, present and entitled to vote in general meeting, invest the funds of the society or branch, or any part thereof, to any amount in any of the following ways:

(a) in the Post Office Savings Bank, or in any savings bank

certified under the Trustee Savings Bank Act, 1863; or 26 & 87 Vict.

(5) in the public funds; or c. 87.

(c) with the National Debt Commissioners as in this Act provided; or

(d) in the purchase of land, or in the erection or alteration of offices or other buildings thereon; or

(e) upon any other security expressly directed by the rales of the society or branch, not being personal security, except as in this Act authorised with re to loans.

(2.) The rules of a society wi andies and of any branch thereof may provide for the investment of funds of the society or of that branch by the trustees of any branch, or by the trustees of the society, and the consent required for any such investment shall be the consent of the committee, or of such majority as aforesaid of the society or branch by whom the funds are invested.

45. — (1.) A registered society and, subject to the rules of Loan* to the society, a registered branch may advance to a member of at

least one full year's standing any sum not exceeding one half of mem the amount of an assurance on his life, on the written security of himself and two satisfactory sureties for repayment.

(2.) The amount so advanced, with all interest thereon, may be deducted from the sum assured, without prejudice in the meantime to the operation of the security.

46. A registered society may, out of any separate loan fund to be Lou* out of formed by contributions or deposits of its members, make loans to *4loau

Property, Funds, and Investments.

282

Ch. 25.

Friendly Societies Act, 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

Holding of land.

Copyhold*.

Vesting of property.

members on their personal security, with or without sureties, as may be provided by tho rules, subject to the following restrictions:

(a) a loan shall not at any time be made out of money contributed for the other purposes of the society:

(b) a member shall not be capable of holding any interest in the loan fund exceeding two hundred pounds:

(c) a society shall not make any loan to a member cm personal security beyond the amount fixed by the rules, or make any ioan wmch, together with any money pwing by a member to the society, exceeds fifty pounds:

(d) a society shall not hold at any oue time on deposit from its

members any money beyond the amount fixed by the rules, and the amount so fixed shall not exceed two thirds of the total sums owing to the society by the members who have borrowed from the loan fund., .

47. — (1.) A registered society or branch may (if the rules thereof so provide) hold, purchase, or take on lease in the names of the trustees of the society or branch any land, and may seli, exchange, mortgage, lease, or build upop that land (with power to alter and pull down buildings and again rebuild), and a purchaser, assignee, mortgagee, or tenant shall not be bound to inquire as to the authority for any sale, exchange, mortgage, or lease by the trustees, and the receipt of the trustees shall be a discharge for all sums of money arising from or in connexion with the sale, exchange, mortgage, or lease.

(2.) A branch of a registered society need not for the purposes of this section be separately registered.

(3.) Nothing in this section shall authorise a benevolent society to hold land exceeding one acre in extent. 48

48. Where a registered society or branch is entitled in equity to any hereditaments of copyhold or customary tenure, either absolutely or by way of mortgage or security, the lord of the manor of which the hereditaments are held shall, if the society or branch so requires, admit not more than three trustees of the society or branch as tenants in respect of such hereditaments, on payment of the usual fines, fees, and other dues payable on the admission of a single tenant

49. — (1.) All property belonging to a registered society, whether acquired before or after the society is registered, shall vest in the trustees for the time being of the society, for the use and benefit of the society and the members thereof, and of all persons daiining through the members according to the rules of the society.

(2.) The property of a registered branch of & society shall vest wholly or partly in the trustees for the time being of that branch or of any other branch of which that branch forms part (or, if the rules of the society so provide, in the trustees for the time being of the society), for the use- and benofit either of the members of any such branch and persons claiming through those members, or of the members of the society generally, and persons claiming through them, according to the rules of the society.

1896.

Friendly Societies, 1806.

28.3

(3.) The trustees shall not be liable to make good any deficiency in the funds of the society or branch, but shall be liable only for sums of money actually received by them respectively on account of the society or branch,

50. Upon the death, resignation, or removal of a trustee of a Devolution on registered society or branch, the property vested in that trustee shall, death‘ without eouveyance or assignment, and whether the property is real or personal, vest, as personal estate subject to the same trusts, in the succeeding trustees of that society or branch either solely or together with any surviving or continuing trustees, and, until the appointment of succeeding trustees, shall so vest in the surviving or continuing trustees only, or in the executors or administrators of the last surviving or continuing trustee, except that stocks and securities in the public funds of Great Britain and Ireland shall be transferred into the names of the succeeding trustees, either solely or jointly with any surviving or continuing trostees.

51. In all legal proceedings whatsoever concerning any pro- Description in perty vested in the trustees of a registered society or branch, the property may be stated to be the property of the trustees in

their proper names as trustees for the society or branch without further description.

52. — (1.) A registered society or branch may pay to the account Investments

of the National Debt Commissioners at the Bank of England or Debt

the Bank of Ireland, as the case, may require, any snm of money not Commissioners, less than fifty pounds upon a declaration of the trustees of the

society or branch, or any two of them, that the money belongs exclusively to the society or branch.

(2.) The cashier of the Bank shall receive all such sums of money and place them to the account of the Commissioners in the book of . the bank named " The Fund for Friendly Societies."

(3.) A sura of money paid iu upon a false declaration shall be forfeited to the Commissioners, and applied by them in the manner directed by section twelve of the Savings Banks Act, 1891.

(4.) The provisions of sections twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-four, twenty-five, twenty-six, twenty-seven, and twenty-eight of the Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1863, as to the regulation of 26 & 27 Vict. receipts certificates, and orders, shall apply to money paid under c*87, this section.

(5.) A society or branch so investing money with the Commissioners shall be entitled to a receipt entitling to interest at the following rates: —

To a friendly society or branch legally'' established before the twenty-eighth of July one thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, which had invested funds with the Commissioners before the twenty-third of July one thousand eight hundred and fifty-five, a rate of interest in respect, of any. assurance made before the fifteenth of August erne i thousand eight, hundred and fifty of --

54 & 55 Vict. c. 21.

Threepence per cen-tilm per diem.

284

Ch. 25.

Friendly Societies Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

To a friendly society or branch legally" established between the twenty-eighth of July one thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight and the fifteenth of August one thousand eight hundred and fifty, which had invested funds with the Commissioners before the twenty-third of July one thousand eight hundred and fifty-five, a rate of interest in respect of any assurance made before the fifteenth of August one thousand eight hundred and fifty of

To a friendly society or branch legally" established before the twenty-eighth of June one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight, which had invested funds with the Commissioners before the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six, a rate of interest in respect of any assurance made on or before the said twenty-eighth day of June of

To a society or branch in respect of any investment with the Commissioners, other than as herein-before in this [section mentioned, a rate of interest of J

Twopence halfpenny per centum per diem.

Twopence per centum per diem.

Two pounds fifteen shillings per centum per annum.

(6.) A society or branch withdrawing money so invested with the Commissioners shall not be entitled to make any further deposit without their consent.

(7.) A society or branch so investing money with the Commissioners shall furnish such returns as may be required by the Commissioners, in respect of the funds deposited with them, and the assurances to which those funds relate.

(8.) A society or branch having funds invested with the Commissioners at a rate higher than two pounds fifteen shillings per centum per annum shall retain at that rate so much only of its funds as arises from assurances made before the date applicable to that rate, after deducting all benefit payments and management expenses incurred on account of those assurances; and whenever the society or branch fails to satisfy the Commissioners of its title to retain at that rate any part of its funds, the Commissioners shall require the withdrawal thereof, or the transfer thereof to the rate of twopence per centum per diem, or two pounds fifteen shillings per centum per annum, as the case may require, and in default of withdrawal within thirty days, shall transfer the same in their books accordingly, and shall notify the transfer to the society or branch.

(9.) Whenever it appears to the Commissioners that all the members of a society or branch assured before the fifteenth day of August one thousand eight hundred and fifty have died or ceased to be members, the Commissioners shall forthwith transfer

1896.

Friendly Societies Act, 1896. Ch. 25.

285

in their books to the rate of twopence per centum per diem, or two pounds fifteen shillings per centum per annum, as the case may require, all funds of the society or branch remaining invested at any higher rate, and shall notify the transfer to the society or branch.

53. — (I.) A receipt under the hands of the trustees of a Discharge of registered society or branch, countersigned by the secretary, for by

all sums of money secured to the society or branch by any endorsed, mortgage or other assurance, being in the form prescribed by this Act, if endorsed upon or annexed to the mortgage or other assurance, shall vacate the mortgage or assurance and vest the property therein comprised in the person entitled to the equity of redemption of that property, without reconveyance or resurrender.

(2.) If the mortgage or other assurance has been registered under any Act for the registration or record of deeds or titles, or is of copyholds or of lands of customary tenure and entered on any court rolls, the registrar under any such Act, or recording officer, or steward of the manor, or keeper of the register, shall on production of the receipt, verified by oath of any person, enter satisfaction of the mortgage or charge made by the assurance on the register or court rolls, and shall grant a certificate, either upon the mortgage or assurance, or separately to the like effect.

(3.) The certificate shall be received in evidence in all courts and proceedings without further proof.

(4.) The person making the entry shall be entitled for making the said entry and granting the said certiBcate to a fee of two shillings and sixpence, which in Ireland shall be paid by stamps and applied in accordance with the Public Offices Fees Act, 1879. 42 & 43 Vict.

(5.) This section shall not extend to Scotland or the Island of c> 58‘ Jersey.

Officers in Receipt or Charge of Money.

54. Every officer of a registered society or branch having Security by receipt or charge of money shall, if the rules of the society or officers-branch so require, before taking upon himself the execution of his

office, become bound with one sufficient surety at the least in a bond or give the security of a guarantee society, in such sum as the society or branch directs, conditioned for his rendering a just and true account of all sums of money received and paid by him on accoant of the society or branch at such times as its rules appoint, or as the society or branch or the trustees or committee thereof require him to do, and for the payment by him of all sums due from him to the society or branch.

55. — (1.) Every officer of a registered society or branch having Accounts of receipt or charge of money shall, at such times as by the rules of officer8‘ the society or branch he should render account, or upon demand

made, or notice in writing given or left at his last or usual place of residence, give in his account as may be required by the society or branch, or by the trustees or committee thereof, to be examined and allowed or disallowed by them, and shall, on the like demand

U

286

Ch. 26.

Friendly Societies, 1896.

69 & 60 VICT.

or notice, pay over all sums of money and deliver all property in his hands or custody to such person as the society or branch, or the committee or the trustees, appoint.

(2.) In case of any neglect or refusal to deliver the account, or to pay over the sums of money or to deliver the property in manner aforesaid, the trustees or authorised officers of the society or branch may sue upon the bond or security before mentioned, or may apply to the county court or to a court of summary jurisdiction, and the order of either such court shall be final and conclusive.

Payments on Death generally.

Power of 56. — (1.) A member of a registered society (other than a bene-

dispose^f volent society or working-men's club) or branch thereof, not being sums payable under the age of sixteen years, may, by writing under his hand on his death by delivered at or sent to the registered office of the society or branch, nomination. or made a book kept at that office, nominate a person to whom any sum of money payable by the society or branch on the death of that member, not exceeding one hundred pounds, shall be paid at his decease.

(2.) The sum of money payable by the society or branch on the death of a member, shall include surr.s of money contributed to or deposited in the separate loan account and the sums of money accumulated for the use of the member under the provisions of this Act with interest thereon.

(3.) The person so nominated must not be an officer or servant of the society or branch, unless that officer or servant is the husband, wife, father, mother, child, brother, sister, nephew, or niece of the nominator.

(4.) A nomination so made may be revoked and varied by any similar document under the hand of the nominator, delivered, sent, or made as aforesaid.

(6.) The marriage of a member of a society or branch shall operate as a revocation of any nomination theretofore made by that member under this section.

Proceedings on death of a nominator.

57. — (1.) On receiving satisfactory proof of the death of a nominator, the society or branch shall pay to the nominee the amount due to the deceased member, not exceeding the said sum of one hundred pounds.

(2.) The receipt of a nominee over sixteen years of age for any amount so paid shall be valid.

(3.) If the total sum in respect to which a nomination may be made under this Act by a member, after deducting any sums of money payable under the rules of the society or branch, or otherwise, for the purpose of defraying funeral expenses, exceeds at the time of the death of that member eighty pounds, the society or branch shall before making any payment require the production of a duly stamped receipt for the succession or legacy duty payable thereon, or a letter or certificate from the Commissioners of Inland Revenue stating that no such duty is payable.

1896.

Friendly Societies Act, 189(5,

Cfl. 25.

287

(4.) The Commissioners shall give such receipt, letter, or certificate on the payment of the duty or satisfactory proof of no duty being payable, as the case may be.

58. — (1.) If any member of a registered society or branch, Intestacy, entitled from the funds thereof to a sum not exceeding one hundred pounds, dies intestate and without having made any nomination thereof then subsisting, the society or branch may, without letters of administration, distribute the sum among such persons as appear to a majority of the trustees, upon such evidence as they may deem satisfactory, to be entitled by law to receive that sum, subject, if that sum, after making such deductions as aforesaid, exceeds eighty pounds, to the obtaining from the Commissioners of Inland Revenue a receipt for the succession or legacy duty payable thereon, or a letter or certificate stating that no such duty is payable.

(2.) If any such member is illegitimate, the trustees may pay the sum of money which that member might have nominated to or among the persons who, in the opinion of a majority of them, would have been entitled thereto if that member had been legitimate, or if there are no such persons, the society or branch shall deal with the money as the Treasury may direct.

58. When the principal value of the estate in respect of which estate duty is payable of any person entitled to make a nomination cinder this Act exceeds one hundred pounds, any sum paid under this Act without probate or letters of administration shall, notwithstanding such nomination or payment, be liable to estate duty as part of the amount on which that duty is charged, and the trustees of the society or branch may before making any such payment require a statutory declaration by the claimant, or by one of the claimants, that the principal value of that estate, including the sum in question, does not after deduction of debts and funeral expenses exceed the value of one hundred pounds.

60. — (1.) A payment made by a registered society or branch, Validity of under the foregoing provisions of this Act with respect to payments payments, on death generally to the person who at the time appears to a majority of the trustees to be entitled thereunder, shall be valid and effectual against any demand made upon the trustees or the society or branch by any other person, but the next of kin or lawful representative of the deceased member shall have remedy for recovery of the money, so paid as aforesaid, against the person who has received that money.

(2.) Where the society or branch has paid money to a nominee in ignorance of a marriage subsequent to the nomination, the receipt of the nominee shall be a valid discharge to the society or branch.

Estate duty te be paid when the whole estate exceeds one hundred pounds.

61. — (1.) A registered society or branch shall not pay any sum Certificates ot of money upon the death of a member or other person whose death death* is or ought to be entered in any register of deaths, except upon the production of a certificate of that death under the hand of the registrar of deaths or other person having care of the register of deaths in which- that death is or ought to be entered.

288

Ch. 25.

Friendly Societies Act, 1896.

59 Si 60 VICT.

Limitation of

amount

payable.

Person to whom payment may be made.

Particulars of certificates.

Cases in which certificates may be given.

Inquiries by societies.

Saving as to insurable interests, &c.

(2.) This section sh ill not apply to deaths at sea, nor to a death by colliery explosion or other accident where the body cannot be fo ind, nor to any death certified by a coroner or procurator fiscal to be the subject of a pending inquest or inquiry.

Payments on Death of Children.

62. A society or branch, whether registered or unregistered, shall not insure or pay on the death of a child under five years of age-any sum of money which, added to any amount payable on the death of that child by any other society or branch, exceeds six pounds, or on the death of a child under ten years of age any sum of money which, added to any amount payable on the death of that child by any other society or branch, exceeds ten pounds.

63. A society or branch, whether registered or unregistered, shall not pay any sum on the death of a child under ten years of age except to the parent of the child, or to the personal representative of the parent, and upon the production by the parent or his personal representative of a certificate of death issued by the registrar of deaths, or other person having the care of the register of deaths, containing the particulars mentioned in this Act.

64. — (1.) Where application is made for a certificate of the death of a child for the purpose of obtaining a sum of money from a society or branch, the name of the society or branch, and the sum sought to be obtained therefrom shall be stated to the registrar of deaths.

(2.) The registrar of deaths shall write on or at the foot of the certificate the words "to be produced to the society

or branch (naming the same) said to be liable for payment of the sum of I. (stating the same)/ *

(3.) All certificates of the same death shall be numbered in consecutive order.

65. — (1.) A registrar of deaths shall not give any one or more certificates of death for the payment in the whole of any sum of money exceeding six pounds on the death of a child under five years, or for the payment in the whole of a sum exceeding ten pounds on the death of a child under ten years.

(2.) A registrar of deaths shall not grant any such certificate unless the cause of death has been previously entered in the register of deaths on the certificate of a coroner or of a registered medical practitioner who attended the deceased child during its last illness, or except upon the production of a certificate of the probable cause of death under the hand of a registered medical practitioner, or of other satisfactory evidence thereof.

66. A society or branch, whether registered or unregistered, to which is produced a certificate of the death of a child which does not purport to be the first shall, before paying any money thereon, inquire whether any and what sums of money have been paid on the same death by any other society or branch.

67. Nothing in this Act respecting payments on the death of children shall apply to insurances on the lives of children of any

289

1896. Friendly Societies 1896. Cu. 25.

age, where the person insuring has an interest in the life of the person insured.

Disputes.

68. — (1.) Every dispute between — Decision of

(a) a member or person claiming through a member or under d"Putef* the rules of a registered society or branch, and the society

or branch or an officer thereof; or

(b) any person aggrieved who has for not more than six months ceased to be a member of a registered society or branch, or any person claiming through such person aggrieved, and the society or branch, or an officer thereof; or

(c) any registered branch of any society or branch and the society or branch of which it i3 a branch; or

(d) an officer of any such registered branch and the society or branch of which that registered branch is a branch; or

(e) any two or more registered branches of any society or branch, or any officers thereof respectively,

shall be decided in manner directed by the rules of the society or branch, and the decision so given shall be binding and conclusive on all parties without appeal, and shall not be removable into any court of law or restrainable by injunction; and application for the enforcement thereof may be made to the county court.

(2.) The parties to a dispute in a registered society or branch may, by consent (unless the rules of the society or branch expressly forbid it), refer the dispute to the chief registrar, or in Scotland or Ireland to the assistant registrar.

(3.) The chief or other registrar to whom a dispute is referred shall, with the consent of the Treasury, either by himself or by any other registrar, hear and determine the dispute, and shall have power to order the expenses of determining the dispute to be paid either out of the funds of the society or branch, or by such parties to the dispute as he may think fit, and his determination and order shall have the same effect and be enforceable in like manner as a decision made in the manner directed by the rules of the society or branch.

(4.) The chief or other registrar to whom a dispute is referred may administer oaths, and may require the attendance of all parties concerned, and of witnesses, and the production of all books and documents relating to the matter in question.

(5.) Where the rules of a registered society or branch direct that disputes shall be referred to justices, the dispute shall be determined by a court of summary jurisdiction, or, if the parties thereto consent, by the county court.

(6.) Where the rules contain no direction as to disputes, or where no decision is made on a dispute within forty days after application to the society or branch for a reference under its rules, the member or person aggrieved may apply either to the county court, or to a court of summary jurisdiction, and the court to which application is so made may hear and determine the matter in dispute; but in the case of a society with branches the said forty days shall not begin

290

Ch. 25.

Friendly Societies Act, 1896.

59 & 60 Vict *

52 & 58 Vict. c. 49.

Power to change name.

Amalgamation and transfer oi engagements.

to run until application has been made m succession to all the bodies entitled to determine the dispute under the rules of the society or branch, so however that no rules shall require a greater delay than three months between each successive determination.

(7.) Notwithstanding anything contained in the Arbitration Act, 1889, or in any other Act, the court and the chief or other registrar or any arbitrator or umpire to whom a dispute is referred under the rules of a registered society or branch shall not be compelled to state a special case on any question of law arising in the case, but the court, or chief or other registrar, may, at the request of either party, state a case for the opinion in England or Ireland of the Supreme Court, and in Scotland of either division of the Inner House of the Court of Session, on any question of law, and may also grant to either party such discovery as to documents and otherwise, or such inspection of documents, and in Scotland may grant warrant for the recovery of documents and examination of havers, as might be granted by any court of law or equity, and the discovery shall be made on behalf of the society or branch by such officer thereof as the court or registrar may determine.

Change of Name, Amalgamation, and Conversion of Societies.

69. — (1.) A registered society may, by special resolution, with the approval in writing of the chief registrar, or in the case of societies registered and doing business exclusively in Scotland or Ireland the assistant registrar for Scotland or Ireland respectively, change its name, and shall not change its name in any other manner.

(2.) Any such change of name shall not afiect any right or obligation of the society, or of any member thereof, and any pending legal proceedings may be continued by or against the trustees of the society, or any other officer who may sue or be sued on behalf of the society, notwithstanding its new name.

70. — (1.) Any two or more registered societies may, by special resolution of both or all such societies, become amalgamated together as one society, with or without any dissolution or division of the funds of those societies or either of them,

(2.) A registered society may, by special resolution, transfer its engagements to any other registered society which may undertake to fulfil the engagements of that society.

(3.) A special resolution by a registered friendly society for an amalgamation or transfer of engagements under this Act shall not be valid without —

(a) the assent thereto of five-sixths in value of the members, given either at the meetings at which the resolution is, according to the provisions of this Act, passed and confirmed, or at one of them, or, if the members were not present thereat, in writing; and

(h) the written consent of every person receiving or entitled to any relief, annuity, or other benefit from the funds of the society, unless the claim of that person is first duly satisfied, or adequate provision is made for satisfying that chum.

18H

Friendly Societies, 1896. Ch. 25.

291

(4.) Provided that on application of the trustees or committee of a registered friendly society desiring to amalgamate or transfer its engagements, and upon notice of that application being published in the Gazette, the chief registrar, after hearing the trustees or committee and any other persons whom he considers entitled to be heard upon the application, may, with the consent of the Treasury, order that any of the assents, consents, and conditions required by this Act, or by any regulations made under this Act, be dispensed with, and may confirm the amalgamation or transfer.

(5.) A registered society consisting wholly of members under twenty-one years of age, and a registered society or branch or branches of a society having members above twenty-one years of age, may, by resolutions registered in the manner required for the registration of an amendment of rules, become amalgamated together as one society or branch, or provide for distributing among several branches the members of a society consisting wholly of members under twenty one years of age, and the other provisions of this section shall not apply to. that amalgamation.

(6.) The value of members shall be ascertained by giving one vote to every member, and an additional vote for every five years that he has been a member, but to no one member more than five votes in the whole.

(7.) If any member of a friendly society which has amalgamated or transferred its engagements, or if any person claiming any relief, annuity, or other benefit, from the funds thereof, is dis-satisfied with the provision made for satisfying his claim, that member or person may apply to the county court of the district within which the chief or any other place of business of the society is situate for relief or other order, and that court shall have the same powers in the matter as in regard to the settlement of disputes under this Act

71. — (1.) A registered society may, by special resolution, Conrersion of determine to convert itself into a company under the Companies society into Acts, 1862 to 1890, or to amalgamate with or transfer its engage- company' ments to any such company.

(2.) If a special resolution for converting a society into a company contains the particulars required by the Companies Acts,

1862 to 1890, to be contained in the memorandum of association of a company, and a copy thereof has been registered at the central office, a copy of that resolution under the seal or stamp of the central office shall have the same effect as a memorandum of association duly signed and attested under the said Acts.

(3.) If a society is registered as, or amalgamates with, or transfers all its engagements to, a company, the registry of the society under this Act shall thereupon become void, and shall be cancelled by the chief registrar or by the assistant registrar for Scotland or Ireland under his direction; but the registration of a society as a company shall not affect any right or claim subsisting against that society, or any penalty incurred by that society; and for the purpose of enforcing any such right, claim, or penalty, the society may be sued and proceeded against in the same manner

292

Ch. 25.

Friendly Societies Act, 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

Saving for right of creditors.

Conversion of society into branch.

Meaning of

special

resolution.

as if it had not become registered as a company; and every such right cr claim, or the liability to any such penalty, shall have priority, as against the property of the company, over all other rights or claims against or liabilities of the company.

72. An amalgamation or transfer of engagements in pursuance of this Act shall not prejudice any right of a creditor of either or any society party thereto.

73. — (1.) A registered society may, by a resolution passed by & majority of the members or delegates present and entitled to vote at any general meeting, of which notice specifying the intention to propose any such resolution has been duly given according to the rules, determine to become a branch of any other registered society, and also, if thought tit, of any registered branch thereof.

(2.) If the rules of the society do not comply with all the provisions of this Act and of the Treasury regulations in respect of the registry of branches, the meeting at which any such resolution ia passed may amend the rules so as to bring the rules into compliance with this Act and with the Treasury regulations.

(3.) A copy of the rules of the society marked to show the amendments, if any, made at the meeting, and two oopies of the resolution and of such amendment of rules, if any, as aforesaid, each signed by the chairman of the meeting and by the secretary of the society so determining to become a branch of another society, and countersigned by the secretary of that other society, shall be sent to the registrar.

(4.) If the registrar finds that the rules, with or without such amendment as aforesaid, comply with the provisions of this Act and of the Treasury regulations, he shall cancel the registry of the first-mentioned society and register it as a branch of that other society, and also, if so specified in the resolution before mentioned, of any branch of that other society, without further request or notice, and shall register such amendment of rules without further application or evidence, and until such registry as aforesaid the resolution shall not take effect.

(5.) An advertisement of any cancelling of registry under this section shall not be requisite.

(6.) The rules of a society which becomes a branch under this section shall, so far as they are not contrary to any express provision of this Act or of the Treasury regulations, and subject to any such amendment thereof as aforesaid, continue in force as the rules of the branch until amended.

(7.) This section shall apply only to societies registered before the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-six.

74. For the purposes of this Act a special resolution shall mean a resolution which is —

(a) passed by a majority of not less than three fourths of such members of a registered society, entitled under the rules to vote as may be present in person or by proxy (where the rules allow proxies) at any general meeting of which notice

VJ00^10

1896.

Friendly Societies Act, 1896. Ch. 25.

293

specifying the intention to propose that resolution has been duly given according to the rules; and

(6) confirmed by a majority of such members entitled under the rules to vote as may be present in person or by proxy (where the rules allow proxies), at a subsequent general meeting of which notice has been duly given, held not less than fourteen days nor more than one month from the day of the meeting at which such resolution was first passed.

At any meeting mentioned in this section a declaration by the chairman that the resolution has been carried shall be conclusive evidence of the fact.

75. A copy of every special resolution for any of the purposes Kegiatraiion mentioned in this Act, signed by the chairman of the meeting and of countersigned by the secretary, shall be sent to the central office reso ut, on* and registered there, and until that copy is so registered the special resolution shall not take effect.

Inspection: Cancelling and Suspension of Registry: Dissolution.

76. — (1.) Upon the application — Inspectors

Id) of one fifth of the whole number of members of a registered aDd »pec»al

society; or meet, ng<, ‘

(6) in the case of a registered society of one thousand members and not exceeding ten thousand, of one hundred members; or

(c) in the case of a registered society of more than ten thousand members, of five hundred members,

the chief registrar, or in cases of srcieties registered and doing business exclusively in Scotland or in Ireland the assistant registrars for Scotland and Ireland respectively, but with the consent of the Treasury in every case, may —

(a) appoint an inspector or inspectors to examine into and repoi t on the affairs of the society; or

(b) call a special meeting of the society.

(2.) The application under this section shall be supported by such evidence, for the purpose of showing that the applicants have good reason for requiring an inspection to be made or meeting to be called, and that they are not actuated by malicious motives in their application, and such notice thereof shall be given to the society, as the chief registrar directs.

(3.) The chief or assistant registrar may, if he thinks fit, require the applicants to give security for the costs of the proposed inspection or meeting, before appointing any inspector or calling the meeting.

(4.) All expenses of and incidental to any such inspection or meeting shall be defrayed by the members applying therefor or out of the funds of the society, or by the members or officers, or former members or officers, of the society in such proportions ns the chief or assistant registrar directs.

(5.) An inspector appointed under this section may require the production of all or any of the books and documents of the society, and may examine on oath its officers, members, agents, and

cOO

294

5 9 & 60 Vict.

Ch. 26. Friendly Societies, 1896.

servants in relation to its business, and may administer such oath accordingly.

(6.) The chief or assistant registrar may direct at what time and place a special meeting under this section is to be held and what matters are to be discussed and determined at that meeting, and the meeting shall have all the powers of a meeting called according to the rules of the society, and shall in all cases have power to appoint its own chairman, any rule of the society to the contrary notwithstanding.

(7.) This section shall not apply to a society with branches, except with the consent of the central body of that society.

Cancelling and 77. — (1.) The chief registrar, or, in the cise of a society regis-

BospenBion of ^ered and doing business in Scotland or Ireland exclusively, the gl8lry' assistant registrar for Scotland or Ireland, may —

(a) if he thinks fit, at the request of a society, to be evidenced in such manner as he may direct: or

(b) with the approval of the Treasury, on proof to his satisfaction that an acknowledgment of registry has been obtained by fraud or mistake, or that a society exists for an illegal purpose, or has wilfully and after notice from a registrar whom it may concern violated any of the provisions of this Act, or has ceased to exist,

by writing under his hand cancel the registry of a society.

(2.) The chief or assistant registrar, in any case in which he might, with the approval of the Treasury, cancel the registry of a society, may, by writing under his hand, suspend the registry for any term not exceeding three months, and may, with the approval of the Treasury, renew the suspension for the like period.

(3.) Unless the chief or assistant registrar has given to a registered society not less than two months previous notice in writing, specifying briefly the ground of any proposed cancelling or suspension, the registry of the society shall not be cancelled (except at its request) or suspended.

(4.) Where the registry of a society has been cancelled or suspended, notice thereof shall forthwith be advertised.

(5.) Where the registry of a society has been suspended or cancelled, the society shall from the time of the suspension or cancelling (but if suspended, only while the suspension lasts, and subject also to the right of appeal given by this section) absolutely cease to enjoy as such the privileges of a registered society, but without prejudice to any liability actually incurred by the society, and any such liability may be enforced against the society as if the uspension or cancelling had not taken place.

(6.) A society may appeal from the cancelling of its registry, or from any suspension thereof which is renewed after six months, as follows: —

(a) from the assistant registrar for Scotland or Ireland to the chief registrar, and from him to the Court of Session in Scotland or the High Court in Ireland respectively; and

1896.

Friendly Societies, 1896.

Cff. 25.

295

(b) from the chief registrar, in cases not relating exclusively either to Scotland or to Ireland, to the High Court in England.

78. — (1.) Subject to the provision of this Act as to the dissolu- Dissolution of tion of societies with branches, a registered society or branch may societie8* terminate or be dissolved in any of the following ways: —

(a) upon the happening of any event declared by the rules to be the termination of the society or branch; or

(b) as respects societies or branches other than friendly societies or branches, by the consent of three-fourths of the members, testified by their signatures to the instrument of dissolution; or

(c) as respects friendly societies or branches, by the consent of five-sixths in value of the members (including honorary members, if any), testified by their signatures to the instrument of dissolution, and also by the written consent of every person receiving or entitled to receive any relief, annuity, or other benefit from the funds of the society or branch, unless the claim of that person is first duly satisfied, or adequate provision made for satisfying that claim, and, m the case of a branch, with the consent of the central body of the society, or in accordance with the general rules of the society; or

(d) by the award of the chief registrar or assistant registrars in the cases specified in this Act.

(2) The provisions of this Act as to the method of calculating the value of members and the remedy of members and persons dis-satisfied with the provisions made for satisfying their claims in the case of the amalgamation or transfer of engagements of a registered friendly society shall apply to the dissolution of a registered friendly society or branch.

79. When a registered society or branch is terminated by an Instrument of

Instrument of dissolution: — dissolution.

(i) The instrument shall set forth —

(a) the liabilities and assets of the society or branch in detail; and

(b) the number of members and the Dature their interests in the society or branch; and

(c) the claims of creditors (if any), and the provision to be made for their payment; and

(d) the intended appropriation or division of the funds and property of the society or branch, unless the appropriation or division is stated in the instrument of dissolution to be left to the award of the chief registrar.

(2.) Alterations in the instrument of dissolution may be made with the like consents as are in this Act required for the dissolution of a society or branch, testified in the same manner.

(3.) A statutory declaration shall be made by one of the trustees, or by three members and the secretary of the society or branch, that the provisions of this Act have been complied

v

296

Ch. 25.

Friendly Societies Act, 1896.

59 & 60 Vior.

Dissolution by award.

with, and shall be sent to the registrar with the instrument of dissolution.

(4.) The instrument shall not in the case of a registered friendly society or branch direct or contain any provision for a division or appropriation of the funds of the society or branch, or any part thereof, otherwise than for the purpose of carrying into effect the objects of the society or branch as declared in the rules thereof, unless the claim of every member or person claiming any relief, annuity, or other benefit from the funds thereof is first duly satisfied, or adequate provisions are made for satisfying those claims.

(5.) The instrument of dissolution and all alterations therein shall be registered in manner in this Act provided for the registry of amendments of rules, and shall be binding upon all the members of the society or branch.

(6.) The registrar shall cause a notice of the dissolution to be advertised at the expense of the society or branch, and, unless within three months from the date of the Gazette in which the advertisement appears, a member or other person interested in or having any claim on the funds of the society or branch commences proceedings to set aside the dissolution of the society or branch, and the dissolution is set aside accordingly, the society or branch shall be legally dissolved from the date of that advertisement, and the requisite consents to the instrument of dissolution shall be considered to have been duly obtained without proof of the signatures thereto.

80. — (1.) Upon the application made in writing under their hands —

(a) of one-fifth of the whole number of members of a registered society or branch; or

(b) in the case of a registered society or branch of one thousand members and not exceeding ten thousand, of one hundred members; or

(c) in the case of a registered society or branch of more than ten thousand members, of five hundred members,

the chief registrar may by himself, or by any assistant registrar, or by any actuary or public auditor whom the chief registrar may appoint in writing under his hand, investigate the affairs of the society or branch, but shall give not less than two months previous notice in writing to the society or branch whose affairs are to be investigated.

(2.) The application shall —

(a) state that the funds of the society or branch are insufficient to meet the existing claims thereon, or that the rates of contribution fixed in the rules of the society or branch are insufficient to cover the benefits assured; and

(b) set forth the grounds on which the insufficiency is alleged; and

(c) request an investigation into the affairs of the society or branch with a view to the dissolution thereof.

1896.

Friendly Societies, 1896. Ch. 25.

297

(3.) If upon the investigation it appears that the funds of the society or branch are insufficient to meet the existing claims thereon, or that the rates of contribution fixed in the rules of the society or branch are insufficient to cover the benefits assured to be given by the society or branch, the chief registrar may, if he considers it expedient so to do, award that the society or branch be dissolved, and its affairs wound up, and shall direct in what manner the assets of the society or branch shall be divided or appropriated:Provided always, that the chief registrar may suspend his award for such period as he may deem necessary to enable the society or branch to make such alterations and adjustment of contributions and benefits as will in his judgment prevent the necessity of the award of dissolution being made.

(4.) A registrar proceeding under this section shall have all the same powers and authorities, enforceable by the same penalties, aa in the case of a dispute referred to him under this Act.

(5.) Every award under this section, whether for dissolution or distribution of funds, shall be final and conclusive on the society or branch in respect of which the award is made, and on all members of the society or branch and on all other persons having any claim on the funds of the society or branch, without appeal, and shall be enforced in the same manner as a decision on a dispute under this Act.

(6.) The expenses of every investigation and award, and of publishing every notice of dissolution, shall be paid out of the funds of the society or branch before any other appropriation thereof is made.

(7.) Notice of every award for dissolution shall, within twenty-one days after the award has been made, be advertised by the central office and unless, within three months from the date on which that advertisement appears, a member or person interested in or having any claim on the funds of the society or branch commences proceedings to set aside the dissolution of the society or branch consequent upon such award, and the dissolution is set aside accordingly, the society or branch shall be legally dissolved from the date of the advertisement, and the requisite consents to the application to the registrar shall be considered to have been duly obtained without proof of the signatures thereto.

81. A notice required by this Act to be advertised shall be Advertisement published in the Gazette and in some newspaper in general circu- ofnotieCR* lation in the neighbourhood of the registered office of the society

or branch.

82. The provisions of this Act respecting the dissolution of Dissolution of

societies shall not apply to any society having branches except ociet*e3 having with the consent of the central body of the society. M

83. — (1.) Where a person takes any proceeding to set aside the Notice of pro-dissolution of a society or branch, he shall give notice of the orders*set proceeding to the central office not less than seven days before the wide dksoia-proceeding is commenced. tion.

(2.) Where an order is made setting aside the dissolution of a society or branch, the society or branch shall give notice of the.

298

59 & 60 Vior.

Offence*.

Offences by societies to be also offences by officers, &c.

Continuing

offences.

Punishment of fraud, false declarations.

Ch. 25. Friendly Societies Act, 1896.

order to the central office within seven days alter the order has been made.

Offences, Penalties, and Legal Proceedings.

84. It shall be an offence under this Act if —

(a) a registered society or branch or an officer or member thereof fails to give any notice, send any return or document, do or allow to be done any thing which the society, branch officer, or person is by this Act required to give, send, do, or allow to be done:or

(b) a registered society or branch or an officer or member thereof wilfully neglects or refuses to do any act or to furnish any information required for the purposes of this Act by the chief or other registrar or by any other person authorised under this Act, or does anything forbidden by this Act: or

(c) a registered society or branch or an officer or member thereof makes a return or wilfully furnishes information in any respect false or insufficient: or

(d) an officer or member of a body which, having been a branch of a society, has wholly seceded or been expelled from that society, thereafter uses the name of that society or any name implying that the body is a branch of that society cr the number by which that body was designated as such branch: or

(e) where a dispute is referred under this Act to the chief or other registrar, a person refuses to attend or to produce any documents, or to give evidence before the chief or other registrar: or

(f) a society or branch whether registered or unregistered pays money on the death of a child under ten years of age otherwise than is provided by this Act: or

(g) a parent or personal representative of a parent claiming money on the death of a child produces a certificate of the death other than is in this Act provided to the society or branch from which the money is claimed, or produces a false certificate, or one fraudulently obtained, or in any way attempts to defeat the provisions of this Act with respect to payments upon the death of children.

85. Where a registered society or branch is guilty of an offence under this Act every officer of the society or branch bound by the rules thereof to fulfil any duty whereof the offence is a breach, or if there is no such officer, then every member of the committee, unless that member is proved to have been ignorant of or to have attempted to prevent the commission of the offence, shall be liable to the same penalty as if he had committed the offence.

86. Every default under this Act constituting an offence, if continued, shall constitute a new offence in every week during which the default continues.

87. — (1.) If any person, with intent to mislead or defraud, gives to any other person a copy of any rules, laws, regulations, or other

1896.

Friendly Societies Act, 1896.

Cfi. 25.

299

documents, other than the rules of a registered society or branch, and mfeappro-on the pretence that they are the existing rules of that society or Prmtl0QS* branch, or that there are no other rules of the society or branch or gives to any person a copy of any rules on the pretence that those rules are the rules of a registered society or branch when the society or branch is not registered, the person so offending shall be guilty of a misdemeanor.

(2.) If any person knowingly makes a false or fraudulent statement in any statutory declaration required by this Act, he shall be guilty of a misdemeanor.

(3.) If any person obtains possession by false representation or imposition of any property of a registered society or branch, or withholds or misapplies any such property in his possession, or wilfully applies any part thereof to purposes other than those expressed or directed in the rules of the society or branch and authorised by this Act, he shall, on such complaint as is in this section mentioned, be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, and costs, and to be ordered to deliver up all such property, or to repay all sums of money applied improperly, and in default of such delivery or repayment, or of the payment of such fine and costs as aforesaid, to be imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for any time not exceeding three months.

(4.) Complaint under this section may be made —

(a) in the case of a registered society, by the society or any member authorised by the society, or the trustees or committee of the society; or

(b) in the case of a registered branch, by

(i.) the branch or any member authorised by the branch or the trustees or committee thereof; or (ii.) the central body of the society of which the branch forms part; or

(iii.) any member of the society or branch authorised by the central body; or

(c) in any case, by the chief registrar or any assistant registrar by his authority, or by any member of the society or branch authorised by the central office.

r (5.) Nothing in this Act shall prevent any such person from being proceeded against by way of indictment, if not previously convicted of the same offence under the provisions of this Act.

88. If any person wilfully makes, orders, or allows to be made, Fine for any entry, erasure in, or omission from a balance sheet of a falsification, registered society or branch, or a return or document required to be sent, produced, or delivered for the purposes of this Act, with intent to falsify the same, or to evade any of the provisions of this Act, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

89. A society or branch, and an officer or member of a society Fine for or branch, or other person guilty of an offence under this Act for ordinary which a fine is not expressly provided shall be liable to a fine of offence8* not more than five pounds.

300

Ch. 25.

Friendly Societies Act, 1896.

59 & 60 Vici.

Special offences in the case of friendly societies.

Recovery of fines.

Jurisdiction of court of summary jurisdiction.

Appeals.

Legal proceedings.

90. If an officer or person aids or abets in the amalgamation or transfer of engagements or in the dissolution of a friendly society otherwise than as in this Act provided he shall be liable on summary conviction to the fine imposed by this Act for offences thereunder, or to be imprisoned with hard labour for a term not exceeding three months.

91. — (1.) A fine imposed by this Act, or by any regulations thereunder, or by the rules of a registered society or branch, shall be recoverable in a court of summary jurisdiction.

(2.) Any such fine shall be recoverable at the suit of the chief registrar or of any assistant registrar, or of any person aggrieved.

92. In England and Ireland all offences and fines under this Act may be prosecuted and recovered in the manner directed by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts either — .

(a) at the place where the offence was committed; or

(b) as respects a prosecution against a registered society or branch or an officer thereof, at the place where the registered office of the society or branch is situated; or

(c) as respects a prosecution against a person other than a registered society or branch or an officer thereof, at the place where the person is resident at the time of the institution of the prosecution.

93. — (1.) In England or Ireland any person may appeal to quarter sessions from any order or conviction made by a court of summary jurisdiction under this Act.

(2.) In Scotland any person may appeal from any order or conviction under this Act in accordance with the provisions of the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Acts.

94. — (1.) The trustees of a registered society or branch, or any other officers authorised by the rules thereof, may bring or defend, or cause to be brought or defended, any action or other legal proceeding in any court whatsoever, touching or concerning any property, right, or claim of the society or branch, and may sue and be sued in their proper names, without other description than the title of their office.

(2.) In legal proceedings brought under this Act by a member, or person claiming through a member, a registered society or branch may also be sued in the name, as defendant, of any officer or person who receives contributions or issues policies on behalf of the society or branch within the jurisdiction of the court in which the legal proceeding is brought, with the addition of the words "on behalf of the society or branch " (naming the same).

(3.) A legal proceeding shall not abate or be discontinued by the death, resignation, or removal from office of any officer, or by any act of any such officer after the commencement of the proceedings.

(4.) The summons, writ, process, or other proceeding, to be issued to or against the officer or other person sued on behalf of a registered society or branch, shall be sufficiently served by personally serving that officer or other person, or by leaving a true copy thereof at the

1896.

Friendly Societies Act, 1896. Ch. 25.

301

registered office of the society or branch, or at any place of business of the society or branch within the jurisdiction of the court in which the proceeding is brought, or, if that office or place of business is closed, by pasting the copy on the outer door of that office or place of business.

(5.) In all cases where the said summons, writ, process, or other proceeding is not served by means of such personal service or by leaving a true copy thereof at the registered office of the society or brauch as aforesaid, a copy thereof shall be sent in a registered letter addressed to the committee at the registered office of the society or branch, and posted at least six days before any further step is taken on the proceeding.

Fees: Forms: Regulations: Evidence.

95. The registrars and high bailiffs of the county courts shall be remunerated for the duties to be performed by them under this Act in such manner as the Treasury, with the consent of the Lord Chancellor, may direct.

96. — (1.) The Treasury may determine a scale of fees to be Fn*. paid for matters to be transacted or for the inspection of documents under this Act.

(2.) A fee shall not be payable on the registry of any friendly, benevolent, or cattle insurance society, or working-men's club, or of any amendment of the rules thereof.

(3.) All fees which may be received by any registrar under or by virtue of this Act shall be paid into the Exchequer.

[Fees payable to registrar of births and deaths.⁠]

97. — (1.) For the purpose of this Act a certificate of the birth or death of any member of or person insured or to be insured with a registered friendly society or branch shall, on application being made deaths as in this Act provided, be given under his hand by the registrar of births or deaths, for a sum not exceeding one shilling, in place of all fees or payments otherwise payable in respect thereof.

(2.) Whenever application is made at one time to any such registrar for more certificates than one of the same birth or death for the purposes of and in the manner prescribed by this Act, the sum charged for every such certificate other than the first shall not exceed sixpence.

(3.) Whenever the registrar is required by the person applying for any certificate of birth or death to fill up the form of application, he may demaud a sum not exceeding threepence for so doing.

(4.) For the purposes of this section the expression "registrar of births or deaths " shall include any person having the care of the register of births or deaths in which the birth or death is entered.

Ke mi'aeration of county court officers.

98. — (1.) The forms to be used for registry shall be those Forms, contained in Part I. of the Second Schedule to this Act or such other forms as are prescribed by Treasury regulations.

(2.) The acknowledgment of registry of a branch and of any amendment of the rules of a branch shall be in the forms provided in Part II. of the same schedule.

302

Cfl. 25.

Friendly Societ ies Act, 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

Regulations for earrj ing out Act.

Evidence of documents.

Application

existing

societies.

Application

Scotland.

(3.) Every annual or other return, abstract of valuation, and other document required for the purposes of this Act, shall be made in such form and shall contain such particulars as the chief registrar prescribes.

(4.) A receipt under this Act endorsed upon or annexed to amort-gage or other assurance shall be in the form set forth in Part HL of the same schedule, or in any form specified in the rules of the society or branch or any schedule thereto, and a bond to be given by an officer in receipt or charge of money shall be in one of the forms set forth in the said part

(5.) Applications for certificates of births and deaths under this Act shall be in such form and under such regulations as may be approved of by the registrar-general of births, deaths, and marriages for England, Scotland, and Ireland respectively.

99. — (1.) The Treasury may make regulations respecting registry and procedure under this Act, and the seal to be used for registry, and the duties and functions of the registrar, and the inspection of documents kept by the registrar under this Act, and generally for carrying this Act into effect.

(2.) All such regulations shall forthwith be laid before both Houses of Parliament.

100. Every document bearing the seal or stamp of the central office shall be received in evidence without further proof; and every document purporting to be signed by the chief or any assistant registrar, or any inspector, or public auditor or valuer under this Act, shall, in the absence of any evidence to the contrary, be received in evidence without proof of the signature.

Application of Act

101. — (1.) This Act shall apply to societies and branches subsisting at the commencement of this Act which or the rules of which have teen registered, enrolled, or certified, under any Act relating to friendly societies or cattle insurance societies, as if they had been registered under this Act, and the rules of those societies and branches shall, so far as they are not contrary to any express provision of this Act, continue in force until altered or rescinded.

(2.) Where the contingent annual payments to which the members or the nominees of the members of friendly societies or branches, established before the fifteenth day of August one thousand eight hundred and fifty, may become entitled exceed the limit fixed by this Act, the rules of those societies and branches shall continue to be valid, anything in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

102. In the application of this Act to Scotland —

The expression "land " shall include heritable subjects of whatever description;

The expressions " court of summary jurisdiction " and " county court " shall mean the sheriff court of the county;

The expression "administration " shall mean confirmation;

The expression "misdemeanor " shall mean crime and offence.

I

1896.

Friendly Societies Act, 1896. Ch. 25.

303

L‘

I.

t

t

103. This Act shall apply to the Isle of Man as if it were part 4°

of England, subject to the following variations: — 3jan-

(1.) The expressions " Supreme Court " and " county court " shall respectively mean the Chancery Division of the High Court of the said isle, in which court the proceedings under this Act may be regulated by rules and orders to be made in that behalf by the court, and, until otherwise provided, shall be regulated according to the ordinary practice of that court:

(2.) The expression "the Companies Acts 1862 to 3890" shall mean the law for the time being in force in the said isle for the regulating and winding up of companies:

(3.) The expression "Summary Jurisdiction Acts " shall mean the laws for the time being in force in the said isle for regulating the exercise of summary jurisdiction by justices of the peace:

(4.) All offences and fines under this Act shall be prosecuted and recovered summarily before a high bailiff or two justices of the peace at the suit or instance, except in the case of a complaint under section eighty-seven of this Act, of a registrar or of a head constable, and a misdemeanor under this Act shall be punishable by fine or imprisonment:

(5.) All fines recovered under this Act shall be paid to the treasurer of the said isle, and be added to the general revenue of the said isle:

(6.) A person may appeal from any order or conviction to be made in a case of summary jurisdiction under this Act in the manner prescribed by the law in force in the said isle as to appeals in cases of summary jurisdiction.

104. This Act shall apply to the Channel Islands as if they Application to were part of England, subject to the following variations:—

(1.) As respects the Island of Jersey:

(a.) The expression "county court " shall mean the court for the recovery of petty debts, in all cases in which the claim or demand shall not exceed the sum of ten pounds sterling, and in all other cases the inferior number of the Royal Court of the said island, composed of the bailiff and two jurats of the said court:

(b.) The expression "court of summary jurisdiction " shall have in civil cases the same meaning as the expression county court:

(c.) All misdemeanors under this Act shall be prosecuted, tried, and punished in the form and manner prescribed by the law and custom of the said island with respect to crimes and offences (crimeset):

(d.) All other offences and all fines under this Act shall be prosecuted and recovered summarily before the magistrate of the court for the repression of minor offences, in all cases of his competency, at the suit or instance, except in the case of a complaint under section eighty-seven of this Act, of the constable of the parish in which the offence or other unlawful act has been committed, and in all other cases before the bailiff and two jurats of the

2

304

Ch. 25.

Friendly Societies Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

Royal Court, at the suit or instance (except as aforesaid) of Her Majesty's Procurator General for the said island: (e.) All fines recovered under this Act shall be paid to the officers who by the law and practice of the said island are entitled to receive fines levied by order of the said courts respectively, and shall by such officers be accounted for and paid to Her Majesty's Receiver General in the said island on behalf of the Crown:

(f.) All proceedings under this Act in any of the courts of the said island shall be regulated according to the ordinary practice of those courts respectively, and all fines shall in default of payment be enforced in the same manner as fines payable to the Crown in the said island:

(g.) The rules prescribed by the law of the said island with respect to appeals in civil and criminal cases shall be followed as to appeals from any orders, judgments, or convictions made in cases of summary jurisdiction under this Act:

(h.) The expression "the Companies Acts, 1862 to 1890, " shall mean the law for the time being in force in the said island for the formation, regulation, and winding up of companies:

(i.) All friendly societies and branches within the bailiwick of the said island may invest any part of their funds in any of the public funds under the guarantee of the states of the said island.

, 2.) As respects the bailiwick of the Island of Guernsey:

(a.) The Court of Primary Instance within the bailiwick shall have all such powers and authorities as are by this Act conferred either on courts of summary jurisdiction or on county courts in England: Provided that a sentence may be appealed from, if the case admits of an appeal under the Orders in Council now in force within the bailiwick, but that the decision of the Royal Court when sitting in a body as a court of appeal shall be final:

(b.) All friendly societies and branches within the bailiwick shall be authorised to invest any part of their funds in the state bonds either of Guernsey or of Alderney:

(c.) The expression "the Companies Acts, 1862 to 1890, " shall mean the law for the time being in force in the said bailiwick for the regulation and winding up of companies:

(d.) All offences and fines under this Act shall be prosecuted and recovered summarily before the court of primary jurisdiction at the suit or instance, except in the case of a complaint under section eighty-seven of this Act, of the law officers of the Crown or of a constable of a parish:

(e.) All fines recovered under this Act shall be paid to the Receiver General, to be by him carried to the account of the Crown Revenue.

Payment to representatives in Channel

105. As respects the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man, when any sum of money becomes payable on the death of

1896.

Friendly Societies Act 1896. Ch. 25.

305

a person entitled to make a nomination under this Act that islands and sum shall, in default of any such nomination, be paid to the Isle of Ma"-deceased member's legal representative, according to the law of the island in which that deceased member was domiciled.

Supplemental.

106. In this Act, unless a contrary intention appears:Definition?.

The expression "the registrar " shall mean for England the central

office, and for Scotland or Ireland the assistant registrar for Scotland or Ireland:

The expression "land " shall include any interest in land:

The expression "property " shall extend to all property whether real or personal (including books and papers):

The expression "registered society " shall mean a society registered under this Act, and shall include societies subsisting at the commencement of this Act to which the provisions of this Act apply:

The expression "amendment of rule " shall include a new rule, and a resolution rescinding a rule:

The expression "branch " shall mean any number of the members of a society, under the control of a central body, having a separate fund, administered by themselves or by a committee or officers appointed by themselves, and bound to contribute to a fund under the control of a central body:

The expression "committee" shall mean the committee of management or other directing body of a society or branch:

The expression "persons claiming through a member" shall include the nominees of the member where nomination is. allowed:

The expression "officer-" shall include any trustee, treasurer, secretary, or member of the committee of management of a society or branch, or person appointed by the society or branch to sue and be sued on its behalf:

The expression "meeting " shall include (where the rules of a society or branch so allow) a meeting of delegates appointed by members:

The expression "gazette " shall mean the London Gazette for England, the Edinburgh Gazette for Scotland, and the Dublin Gazette for Ireland:

The expression "Treasury regulations " shall mean any regulations made and approved by the Treasury and in force under this Act.

107. The Acts mentioned in the Third Schedule to this Act are Repeal. hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of

that schedule.

108. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of Commence-January next after the passing thereof and shall extend to the A<J

whole of the British Islands.

[Short title.]

109. This Act may be cited as the Friendly Societies Act, 1896.

306

Ch. 25.

Friendly Societies Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vice

Section 9 (3).

[38 & 39 Vict c. 60. Sell. II., 50 & 51 Vict. c. 56. ss. 14 and 15; and 58 & 59 Vict. c. 26. s. 18.]

SCHEDULES.

THE FIRST SCHEDULE.

Matters to be provided fob bt the Rules of Societies

REGISTERED UNDER THIS ACT.

1. The name and place of office of the society.

2. The whole of the objects for which the society is to be established, the purposes for which the funds thereof shall be applicable, the terms of admission of members, the conditions under which any member may become entitled to any benefit assured thereby, and the fines and forfeitures to be imposed on any member, and the consequences of nonpayment of any subscription or fine.

3. The mode of holding meetings and right of voting, and the manner of making, altering, or rescinding rules.

4. The appointment and removal of a committee of management (by whatever name), of a treasurer and other officers, and of trustees, and in the case ol a society with branches, the composition and powers of the central body, and the conditions under which a branch may secede from the society.

5. The investment of the funds, the keeping of the accounts, and the audit of the same once a year at least.

6. Annual returns to the registrar of the receipts, funds, effects, and expenditure, and numbers of members, of the society.

7. The inspection of the books of the society by every person having an interest in the funds of the society.

8. The manner in which disputes shall be settled.

9. In case of dividing societies, a provision for meeting all claims upon the society existing at the time of division before any such division takes place.

And also in the case of friendly and cattle insurance societies:—

10. The keeping separate accounts of all moneys received or paid on account of every particular fund or benefit assured for which a separate table of contributions payable shall have been adopted, and the keeping separate account of the expenses of management, and of all contributions on account thereof.

11. (Except as to cattle insurance societies) a valuation once at least in every five years of the assets and liabilities of the society, including the estimated risks and contributions.

12. The voluntary dissolution of the society by consent in a friendly society of not less than five sixths iu value of the members, and of every person for the time being entitled to any benefit from the funds of the society, unless his claim be first satisfied or adequately provided for; and in a cattle insurance society by consent of three fourths in number of the members.

13. The right of one fifth of the total number of members, or of one hundred members in the case of a society of one thousand members and not exceeding ten thousand, or of five hundred members in the case of a society of more than ten thousand mem here, to apply to the chief registrar, or in case of societies registered and doing business exclusively in Scotland or Ireland to the assistant registrar for Scotland or Ireland, for an investigation of the affairs of the society, or for winding up the same.

* 8S0.

Friendly Societies Act, 1896. Ch. 26.

307

THE SECOND SCHEDULE. Section 98

Forms.

Part I.

Acknowledgment op Registry of Society.

The Society is registered as a £ cattle [38 & 39 vict>

insurance society, benevolent society, working-men's chib, or specially c. 60. Sch. IV.]

authorised society] under the Friendly Societies Act, 1896, this <lay of

[Seal or stamp of central office, or signature of Assistant Registrar f or Scotland or Ireland.]

Acknowledgment of Registry of Amendment of Rules.

The foregoing amendment of the rules of the Society is registered

under the Friendly Societies Act, 1896, this day of

[Ska/ or stamp of central office, or of Assistant

Registrar for Scotland or Ireland.]

Part II.

Acknowledgment of Registry of Branch.

The is registered as a branch [50 & 51 Vict,

of the Society [and of the branch c. 56. Sch. I.]

of the same] under the Friendly Societies Act, 1896, this day of

[Sea/ of central office, or signature of Assistant Registrar for Scotland or Ireland.]

Acknowledgment of Registry of Amendment of Branch Rules.

The foregoing amendment of the branch rules of the

is registered under the Friendly Societies Act, 1896, this day of

[Seal of central office or signature of Assistant Registrar for Scotland or Ireland.]

Part III.

Form of Bond.

(1.) — In England or Ireland.

Enow all men by these presents, that we, A.B. of, one ot [38 & 39 Vict,

the officers of the Society [or of the branch of the c. 60. Sch. III.]

Society] having its registered office at, in the

county of, and C.D. of (as surety on behalf

of the said A.B.), are jointly and severally held and firmly bound to E.F. of, G H. of, and of,

the trustees of the said society [or branch], in the sum of

to be paid to the said EF, G.H., and I.K, as such trustees or their^I

308

Ch. 25.

Friendly Societies Act, 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

successors, trustees for the time being, or their certain attorney; for which payment well anti truly to be made we jointly and severally bind ourselves, and each of us by himself our and each of our heirs, executors, and administrators, firmly by these presents. Sealed with our seals. Dated the day ot in the year of our Lord

Whereas the above-bounden A.B. has been duly appointed to the office-of of the Society [or of the branch of

the Society] having its registered office situate as aforesaid,

and he, together with the above-bounden C.D. as his surety, have entered into the above-written bond, subject to the condition herein-after contained:Now therefore the condition of the above-written bond is such, that if the said A.B. do render a just and true account of all moneys received and paid by him on account of the said society [or branch], at such times as the rules thereof appoint, and do pay over all the moneys remaining in his hands, and assign and transfer or deliver all property (including books and papers) belonging to the said society [or branch] in his hands or custody to such person or persons as the said society [or branch], or the trustees or committee of management thereof, shall appoint, according to the rules of the said society [or branch], together with the proper and legal receipts or vouchers for such payments, then the above-written bend shall be void, otherwise shall remain in full force.

Sealed and delivered in the presence of [two .}

(2.) — In Scotland.

I, A.B. of, hereby bind and oblige myself, to the

extent of £ at roost) as caution and surety for, a person

employed by the Society [or the branch of the

Society], that he, the said, shall on demand faithfully and truly account for all moneys received and paid to him for behoof of the said society [or branch], and also assign and transfer or deliver all property (including books and papers) belonging to the said society [or branch] in his hands or custody, and that to such person or persons as the said society [or branch], or the trustees thereof shall appoint, according to the rules of the said society [or branch].

Dated at this day of

Signature of Cautioner.

E.F. of witness.

G.H. of witness.

The above bond shall not require a testing clause or subscription clause, and may be wholly printed, or partly written and partly printed.

Fobm op Receipt to be ekdobsf.d on Moetgage ob Fcbtheb

Charge.

In England or Ireland.

The trustees of the Society [or the branch of

the Society] hereby acknowledge to have received all moneys

intended to be secured by the within [or above] written deed.

Signed [Signatures of .]

Trustees.

Countersigned [Signature of Secretary.

Secretary.

1896.

Friendly Societies, 1896. Ch. 26, 26.

309

THE THIRD SCHEDULE.

Section 107.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. | Title or Extent of Repeal.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 60. 1 The Friendly Societies Act, 1875. 1 The whole Act, except so far as it relates to societies to which section thirty applies and to industrial assurance companies.

46 & 47 Vict. o.47. The Provident Nomina- 1 tions and small In. testacies Act, 1883. | So much as relates to registered societies.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 56. The Friendly Societies Act, 1887. The whole Act, except in section two so much as relates to section thirty of the Friendly Societies Act, 1875, and sub-section two of section eight, subsection four of section nine, and sections twelve and eighteen.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 15. The National Debt (Supplemental) Act, 1888. Section six.

56 & 57 Vict. c. 30. The Friendly Societies Act, 1893. The whole Act.

58 & 59 Vict. o.26. The Friendly Societies Act, 1895. The whole Act, except sections fifteen and nineteen.

CHAPTER 26.

An Act to consolidate the Enactments relating to Friendly Societies and Industrial Assurance Companies which receive Contributions and Premiums by means of Collectors.

[7 th August 1896.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act shall apply to every such — Application of

(a) friendly society or branch, whether registered or unregistered Act '

(in this Act referred to as a collecting society); and (6) person or body of persons, whether corporate or unincorporate, granting assurances on any one life for a less sum than twenty pounds (in this Act referred to as an industrial assurance company),

as receives contributions or premiums by means of collectors at a greater distance than ten miles from the registered office or princ^p^l

810

Copies of rales and policies.

Notice before forfeiture.

Transfers without written consent.

59 & 60 Vict. c. 25.

33 as 84 Vict. c. 61. '

34 &"85 Vict. c. 581

35 & 36 Vict. c. 42.

General

meetings

Co. 26. Collecting Societies Industrial 59 & 60 Vict.

Assurance Companies Act, 1896.

place of business of the society or company, and, in the case of an industrial assurance company, at less periodical intervals than two months:

Provided that nothing in this Act shall, except as expressly provided thereby, apply to any assurance with an industrial assurance company the premiums in respect of which are receivable at greater periodical intervals than two months.

2. — (1.) A collecting society shall deliver to every person, on his becoming a member of or insuring with the society, copy of the rules of the society, together with a printed policy signed by two of the committee and by the secretary, at a price not exceeding one penny for the rules and one penny for the policy.

(2.) In the case of a family enrolled in one book or card, one copy of rules and one family policy shall be sufficient.

3. A forfeiture shall not be incurred by any member or person insured in a collecting society or industrial assurance company by reason of any default in paying any contribution until after —

(a) notice stating the amount due by him, and informing him that in case of default of payment by him within a reasonable time, not being less than fourteen days, and at a place to be specified in the notice, his interest or benefit will be forfeited, has been served upon him by or on behalf of the society or company; and

(b) default has been made by him in paying his contribution in accordance with that notice.

4. — (1.) A member of or person insured with a collecting society or industrial assurance company shall not, except in the case of —

(a) as respects a collecting society, an amalgamation transfer of engagements or conversion into a company under the Friendly Societies Act, 1896; or

(b) as respects an industrial assurance company, an amalgamation or transfer of business under the Life Assurance Companies Acts, 1870 to 1872,

become or be made a member of or be insured with any other such society or company without his written consent, or, in the case of an infant, without the consent of his father or other guardian.

(2.) The society or company to which the member or person is sought to be transferred shall, within seven days from his application for admission to that society or company, give notice thereof in writing to the society or company from which he is sought to be transferred.

5. — (1.) At least one general meeting of every collecting society and industrial assurance company shall be held in every year.

(2.) Except where the day, hour, and place of an annual or other periodical meeting is fixed by the rules, notice of every general meeting shall either be given by the society or company to the members by advertisement to be published at least twice in two or more of the newspapers in general circulation in every county where the society or company carries on business, or be served upon every member.

1896.

Collecting Societies and Industrial Assurance Companies Act, 1896. Ch. 26.

311

(3.) The notice shall specify the day, hour, and place, and the objects of the meeting, and in case any amendment of a rule is intended to be proposed shall contain a copy of every such amendment.

(4.) The society or company shall publish the last of such advertisements, or serve such notice as aforesaid, at least fourteen days before the day appointed for the meeting, and shall during those fourteen days keep a copy of the notice in legible characters affixed in some conspicuous place in or outside every office at which the business of the society or company is carried on.

(5.) For the purposes of this section the several ridings of the county of York, the several Channel Islands, and the Isle of Man respectively, shall be deemed to be counties.

6. — (1.) A copy of every balance sheet of a collecting society Balance sheets shall, during the seven days next preceding the meeting at which

the balance sheet is to be presented, be kept open by the society for inspection at every office at which the business of the society is carried on, and shall be delivered or sent by post to every member on demand.

(2.) The annual returns required to be sent to the registrar under the Friendly Societies Act, 1896, shall, in the case of a collecting society, be certified by some person not an officer of the society (otherwise than as auditor thereof) carrying on publicly the business of an accountant, and if not so certified shall be deemed not to have been made.

7. In all disputes between a collecting society or industrial Di&pate*. assurance company and any member or person insured, or any person claiming through a member or person insured, or under the

rules, that member or person may, notwithstanding any provisions of the rules of the society or company to the contrary, apply to the county court, or to the court of summary jurisdiction for the place where that member or other person resides, and the court may settle that dispute according to the provisions of the Friendly Societies Act, 1896.

8. A collector of a collecting society or industrial assurance Disabilities of company shall not, whilst he is such, be capable of — collector.

. (a) being a member of the committee; or

(b) holding any other office in the society or company except that of superintending collectors within a specified area; or

(c) voting at or taking part in the proceedings of any meeting of the society or company.

9. In the case of any collecting society registered after the Name of thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and collecting ninety-five, the last words in the name of the society shall be societiefl* " collecting society."

10. The foregoing provisions of this Act shall be set forth in Foregoing the rules of every collecting society and, where applicable, of every industrial assurance company established after the thirty-first day jnrule of December one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five.

312

Ch. 26.

Collecting Societies and Industrial 59 & 60 Vict. Assurance Companies Act, 1896.

Exemption from foregoing provisions.

59 & 60 Yi«t. c. 25.

Inspectors, ' special meet-^J ings, ondj: dissolution of] \ collecting; societies.

* ' / ' if-‘i $

Assurances on

children's

lives by

industrial

assurance

companies.

14 Geo. 8. c. 48.

Offences.

11. — (1.) The chief registrar may, on the application of a collecting society registered or applying for registry, with the approval in each case of the Treasury, grant to the society a certificate of exemption from the foregoing provisions of this Act, in any case in which he is of opinion that the society is not one to which those provisions ought to apply.

(2.) The certificate shall be subject to revocation by the chief registrar, with the approval in each case of the Treasury, but shall remain in force until so revoked, and until notice of the revocation has been advertised in the London Gazette and in some newspaper in general circulation in the neighbourhood of the registered office of the society, and also transmitted by a registered letter to the society.

(3.) So long as the certificate is in force the society shall be subject to all the provisions and entitled to all the privileges of the Friendly Societies Act, 1896, as if it were a friendly society not receiving contributions by means of collectors at a greater distance than ten miles from the registered office.

12. The provisions of section seventy-six and sections seventy-eight to eighty-three of the Friendly Societies Act, 1896, relating to the appointment of inspectors, the calling of special meetings, and the dissolution of registered societies, shall apply to every collecting society, and in the case of a society having branches shall so apply without the consent of the central body of the society.

13. — (1.) The provisions of sections sixty-two to sixty-seven and section eighty-four of the Friendly Societies Act, 1896, relating to payments on the death of children, shall extend to industrial assurance companies, as if the word society where used in those sections included all industrial companies assuring the payment of money on the death of children under the age of ten years.

(2.) An assurance made, or to be made by an industrial assurance company, of a sum of money payable on the death of a child under the age of ten years, which would be valid if effected with a registered society, shall not be invalidated by reason of any provision contained in the Life Assurance Act, 3774.

(3.) The provisions of this section shall extend to industrial assurance companies which do not receive premiums by means of collectors at a greater distance than ten miles from their principal place of business, and to assurances with an}r such company the premiums in respect of which are receivable at greater periodical intervals than two months.

14. — (1.) It shall be an offence under this Act if —

(a) a collector of a collecting society or industrial assurance company becomes a member of the committee, or holds any other office (except as in this Act provided) in the society or company, or a member of the committee becomes a collector, or a collector votes at or takes part in the proceedings of a general meeting;

(b) a person attempts to transfer a member or person insured from one collecting society or industrial assnrai^G^mJany

313

1896. Collecting Societies and Industrial Ch. 26.

Assurance Companies Act, 1896.

to another without such written consent as by this Act required;

(c) a collecting society or industrial assurance company to which a member or person is sought to be transferred fails to give such notice as is by this Act required.

(2.) The provisions of the Friendly Societies Act, 1896, with respect to offences under that Act and the procedure relating thereto, shall apply in the case of offences under this Act, and as so applied shall extend to unregistered collecting societies and industrial assurance companies as if they were registered societies.

15. If any person wilfully makes, orders, or allows to be made for. any entry, erasure in, or omission from a contribution or collecting faj9lfica"oa' book, with intent to falsify that book, or to evade any of the provisions of this Act, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds recoverable at the suit of the chief or any assistant registrar, or of any person aggrieved.

10. Where any notice is required by this Act to be served upon Notices, any member or other person, the notice shall be in writing, and either delivered or sent by post to him, or, in the case of a notice of default, left at his last known place of abode.

17. — (1.) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, — . Interpretation.

The expression "collector" shall include every paid officer, agent, or person, howsoever remunerated, who, by himself or by any deputy or substitute, collects contributions for a collecting society or industrial assurance company, or holds any interest in a collecting book thereof, but shall not inclu le —

(a) the secretary or other officer of a branch of a society who receives contributions on behalf of the society or of any other branch thei-eof; or

(b) any officer appointed to superintend and receive moneys from collectors within a specified area, not being himself a collector; or

(c) auy agent appointed and remunerated by members, and not under the control of the society or company, or of any officer thereof.

Other expressions have the same meaning as in the Friendly Societies Act, 1896.

(2.) The power of the Treasury to make regulations for carrying the Friendly Societies Act, 1896, into effect shall extend to the making of regulations for carrying this Act into effect.

(3.) The application of this Act to Scotland, the Isle of Man, and the Channel Islands shall be subject to the same modifications as are expressed in the Friendly Societies Act, 1896, with respect to the application of that Act. 18

18. The Acts mentioned in the schedule to this Act are hereby Repeals. repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of that schedule.

314

Ch. 26, 27. Collecting Societies Industrial 59 & 60 Vict.

Assurance Companies, 1896.

Commencement and extent of Act.

Short title and construction.

Penalties for

defrauding

cabmen.

19. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January next after the passing thereof, and shall extend to the whole of the British Islands.

20. This Act may be cited as the Collecting Societies and Industrial Assurance Companies Act, 1896.

SCHEDULE.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Extent of Repeal.

88 & 39 Vict 39 Vict. c. 60. - The Friendly Societies Act, 1875. The whole Act so far as it is unrepealed.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 56. - The Friendly Societies Act, 1887. The whole Act so far as it is unrepealed.

52 & 53 Vict 53 Vict. c. 22. - The Friendly Societies Act, 1889. The whole Act.

58 & 59 Vict. c. 26. - The Friendly Societies Act, 1895. The whole Act so far as it is unrepealed.

CHAPTER 27.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Cabs in London.

[7th August 1896.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. If any person commits any of the following offences with respect to a cab, namely:—

(a) hires a cab, knowing or having reason to believe that he cannot pay the lawful fare, or with intent to avoid payment of the lawful fare; or (6) fraudulently endeavours to avoid payment of a fare lawfully due from him; or

(c) having failed or refused to pay a fare lawfully due from him, either refuses to give to the driver an address at which he can be found, or, with intent to deceive, gives a false address,

he shall be liable on summary conviction to pay, in addition to the lawful fare, a fine not exceeding forty shillings, or, in the discretion of the court, to be imprisoned for a term not exceeding fourteen days; and the whole or any part of any fine imposed may be applied in compensation to the driver.

1896.

London Oab Act, 1896. Ch. 27, 28.

315

2. Section eighteen of the London Hackney Carriage Act, 1853, Repeal.

is hereby repealed from " and in case of any dispute to the end of *68* 17 *ict the section.

3. In this Act the expression "cab " shall mean any hackney Meaning ofj

carriage within the meaning of the Metropolitan Public Carriage "b*& M yicL* Act, 1869. c. ns.

[Short title.]

4. This Act may be cited as the London Cab Act, 1896.

CHAPTER 28.

An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other Duties, to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue, and to make provision for the Financial Arrangements of the Year.

[7th August 1896.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray Your Majesty's public expenses, and making an addition to the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several duties herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

PART I.

Customs.

Tea.

1. The duty of customs now payable on tea shall continue to be Duty on te*. charged, levied, and paid, on and after the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven on the importation thereof into Great Britain or Ireland (that, is to say):—

Tea, the pound - Fourpence.

Beer.

2. — (1.) In addition to the duties of customs payable on and Addition to after the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and ninety- customs duties six, on beer of the descriptions culled mum, spruce, or black beer, Hnd*afbeer imported into Great Britain or Ireland, there shall be charged,

316

Ch. 28.

Finance A, 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

levied, and paid, on and after that day, the duties following (that is to say): —

£ e. d.

For every thirty-six gallons of beer where the worts thereof are or were before fermentation of a specific gravity —

Not exceeding one thousand two hundred and fifteen degrees - - 0 2 0

Exceeding one thousand two hundred and fifteen

degrees - - -024

(2.) This section shall extend to Berlin white beer, and other preparations, whether fermented or not fermented, of a character similar to mum, spruce, or black beer.

Addition to 3. In addition to the duties of customs payable on and after customs duty the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six, beer!1°thCr on every description of beer (other than is specified in the last preceding section) imported into Great Britain or Ireland, there shall be charged, levied, and paid on and after that day the duty following (that is tc say): —

For every thirty-six gallons where the worts thereof £ 8. <L were before fermentation of a specific gravity of one thousand and fifty-five degrees - - 0 0 6

and there shall be allowed and paid on and after the same day in respect of all such beer a similar addition to the drawback granted on exportation, shipment for use as stores or removal to the Isle of Man, 44*& 45 Vict. by section four of the Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1881;

* 12> And so, as to both duty and drawback, in proportion for any

difference in gravity.

Spirits.

Amendment of 4. The provisions of sections forty-two, one hundred and sixty-si»eofewksof ^w0' anc* *'w0 hundred of the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876, spirits. which relate to the size of casks for spirits, shall be construed as if

39 & 40 Vict. " nine gallons " were substituted for " twenty gallons."

«. 36.

Tobacco.

Amendment of 5. — (1.) Sections forty-two and one hundred and sixty-three of

of168 kajres of Customs Consolidation Act, 1876, with respect to tobacco, shall tobacco?68 ° be construed as if the words "of the gross weight of not less than 39~& 40 Vict 40 Vict, eighty pounds" were substituted for the words "containing not c. 36. " less than eighty pounds net weight of tobacco, cigars, or snuff, "

together with, in section forty-two, the words which follow to the end of the paragraph.

(2.) A package of tobacco shall contain tobacco only, and a package imported or carried contrary to this section shall be deemed to be prohibited goods within section forty-two of the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876, and to be goods imported or carried contrary to section one hundred and sixty-three of the same Act.

1836.

Finance Act, 1896. Ch. 28.

317

(3.) The expression "tobacco " in this section includes cigars, cigarillos, cigarettes, and snuff.

6. — (1.) Section one of the Manufacture! Tobacco Act, 1863, Amendment of shall be construed as if the word "cases " used therein included ^, e78r^xJlct '

"packages, " and the words "weighing not less than eighty pounds tobaoromann: gross weight " were substituted for the words "containing not less factored in " than eighty pounds net weight of such tobacco, " and the words "fourteen pounds " were substituted for " thirteen pounds " and tobacco? °D "eighty-six pounds " were substituted for " eighty-seven pounds."

(2.) The limitations in respect of inorganic matter and sand governing the payment of drawback under the said section may be relaxed by the Commissioners of Customs where, in their opinion, having regard to the character of the tobacco tendered for drawback, there has been no artificial increase of inorganic matter or sand during the process of manufacture.

(3.) The drawback payable under section one of the same Act on the exportation or deposit of tobacco shall be also allowed in respect of snuff deposited by a licensed manufacturer in a bonded warehouse approved by the Commissioners of Customs for the purpose of being either converted in‘o sheep-wash, hop-powder, or other similar compounds for exportation under bond, or of being mixed with such substance or combination of substances as the Commissioners of Customs may prescribe, so as to render the snuff no longer capable of being used ns such, or as tobacco in any manner, and snuff so denatured shall be exempt from duty.

(4.) The prohibition contained in section forty-two of the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876, on the importation of snuff work, tobacco stalks, whether manufactured or not, and tobacco stalk flour, may be removed or modified by special permission of the Commissioners of Customs.

Cocoa.

7. A duty of customs of one penny per pound shall be charged Duty on cocoa on that product of the cocoa bean which is generally known as bntter-cocoa butter.

PART II.

Excise.

Beer.

8. In addition to the duty of excise payable on and after the Addition to first day of July one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six in excise duty respect of beer brewed in the United Kingdom, there shall be on beer' charged, levied, and paid on and after that day —

For every thirty-six gallons of worts of a specific gravity of one thousand and fifty-five degrees, the duty of sixpence, and so in proportion for any difference in quantity or gravity.

9. In addition to the drawback of excise otherwise payable in Addition to respect of beer exported from the United Kingdom as merchandise excise tow-or shipped for use as ship's stores, there shall be allowed ^d paid(Sf f(* '

Y

318

Ch. 28.

Finance Act, 1896.

59 & 60 Yici.

in respect of beer brewed in the United Kingdom after the thirtieth day of June one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six —

For every thirty-six gallons of beer of an original gravity of one thousand and fifty-five degrees, the drawback of sixpence, and so in proportion for any difference in quantity or gravity.

Provision as to 10. For the purpose of the charge of duty upon beer brewed in paredma^or United Kingdom, rice and flaked maize and any other descrip-

com used in tion of corn which, in the opinion of the Commissioners of Inland

brewing. Revenue, is prepared in a manner similar to flaked maize, shall

not be deemed to be malt or com, but shall be considered to be material capable of being used in brewing within the meaning of 43 & 44 Vict. the definition of "sugar " in section two of the Inland Revenue Act, 1880.

11. — (1.) A dealer in or retailer of beer shall not receive or have in his custody or possession any sugar, saccharine substance, extract, or syrup, (except for domestic use, the proof whereof shall lie on him), or any preparation for increasing the gravity of beer.

(2.) If a dealer in or retailer of beer receives or has in his custody or possession any article in contravention of this section, the article shall be forfeited, and he shall incur a fine of twenty pounds.

(3.) This section shall not apply to sugar and other preparations deposited in conformity with section seven of the Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1885, in the entered sugar store of a brewer of beer for sale, nor to sugar or syrup kept for sale in the ordinary course of trade of a grocer, where the brewer or grocer carries on upon the same premises the trade or business of a dealer in or retailer of beer.

PART III.

Stamps.

12. Section one hundred and thirteen of the Stamp. Act, 1891, which requires delivery of, and charges stamp duty on, a statement of the nominal capital of any corporation or company, where such company or corporation is constituted, or an increase of its capital is authorised, by letters patent or by any Act, shall extend so as to require delivery of, and charge the like stamp duty on, a statement of any nominal share capital of any corporation or company, or of any increase of such capital, where such capital or increase is authorised by an Order in Council, or a certificate of a Government Department, or in any other manner.

Extension of 13. The provisions of section one hundred and sixteen of the 5456 1?. Stamp 1891 (which relates to a composition for stamp duty to composition on policies of insurance against accident), shall apply os if the on policies. expression " policy of insurance against accident " in that section included a policy of insurance for any payment agreed to be made during the sickness of any person, or during his incapacity from personal injury. '

Extension of 54 & 56 Vict. c. 89. s. 113 to certain other corporations and companies.

Prohibition against possession of sugar and other substances by dealers in and retailers of beer.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 51.

1893.

Finance Act, 1896. Ch. 28.

319

PART IY.

Death Duties.

Estate Duty.

14. Where property is settled by a person on himself for life, Exception to and after his death on any other persons with an ultimate reversion * of an absolute interest or absolute power of disposition to the enlargement settlor, the property shall not be deemed for the purpose of the of interest of principal Act to pass to the settlor on the death of any such other ettlor-person after the commencement of this Part of this Act, by reason only that the settlor, being then in possession of the property as tenant for life, becomes, in consequence of such death, entitled to the immediate reversion, or acquires an absolute power to dispose of the whole property.

16. — (1.) Where by a disposition of any property an interest Reverter of is conferred on any person other than the disponer for the life of to

such person or determinable on his death, and such person enters poner* into possession of the interest and thenceforward retains possession thereof to the entire exclusion of the disponer or of any benefit to him by contract or otherwise, and the only benefit which the disponer retains in the said property is subject to such life or determinable interest, and no other interest is created bj- the said disposition, then, on the death of such person after the commencement of this Part of this Act, the property shall not be deemed for the purpose of the principal Act to pass by reason only of its reverter to the disponer in his lifetime.

(2.) Where by a disposition of any property any such interest as above in this section mentioned is conferred on two or more persons, either severally or jointly, or in succession, this section shall apply in like manner as where the interest is conferred on one person.

(3.) Provided that the foregoing sub-sections shall not apply where such person or persons taking the said life or determinable interest bad at any time prior to the disposition been himself or themselves competent to dispose of the said property.

(4.) Where the deceased person was entitled by law to the rents and profits of real property (as defined by section one of the Succession Duty Act, 1853) of his wife, and has died in her life- ie & 17 Vict. time, such property shall not be deemed for the purpose of the c- Si-principal Act to pass on his death by reason of her then becoming entitled to the property in virtue of her former interest

16. The estate duty due in respect of any annuity or other Estate duty on definite annual sura, whether terminable or perpetual, referred to annuities, in section two (1) (d) of the principal Act, may, at the option of the person delivering the account, be paid by four equal yearly instalments, the first of which shall hi due at the end of twelve months from the date of the death, and after the end of those twelve months interest on the unpaid portion of the duty shall be added to each instalment and paid accordingly, but the duty for the time being unpaid, with interest to the date of puymont, may be paid at any time.

320

Ch. 23.

finance Act, 1S90.

59 & 60 Via.

Estate duty on fractions of one hundred pounds.

Interest upon estate duty and other death duties.

Incidence of settlement estate duty.

Objects of national, scientific, or historic interest.

17. Section seventeen of the principal Act shall have effect as if there were added at the end thereof the following proviso in substitution for the existing proviso as to fractional ] arts of ten pounds: —

Provided that where the principal value of an estate comprises a fraction of one hundred pounds in excess of one hundred pounds, or of any multiple of one hundred pounds, such fraction shall be excluded from the value of the estate for the purpose of determining both the rate and the amount of duty, except that where the principal value of the estate exceeds one hundred pounds and does not exceed two hundred pounds the duty shall be one pound.

18. — (1.) Simple interest at the rate of three per cent per annum without deduction for income tax shall be payable upon all estate duty from the date of the death of the deceased, or, where the duty is payable by instalments, or becomes due at any date later than six months after the death, from the date at which the first instalment or the duty becomes due, and shall be recoverable in the same manner as if it were part of the duty.

(2.) The foregoing provision shall apply to the interest on all death duties as defined by section thirteen of the principal Act in like manner as if it were herein re-enacted and made applicable to those duties.

(3.) The Commissioners of Inland Revenue may remit the interest on any of such death duties where the amount appears to them to be so small as not to repay the expense and trouble of calculation and account.

19. — (1.) The settlement estate duty leviable in respect of a legacy or other personal property settled by the will of the deceased shall (unless the will contains an express provision to the contrary) be payable out of the settled legacy or property in exoneration of the rest of the deceased's estate.

(2.) The settlement estate duty leviable in respect of any such legacy or property shall be collected upon an account setting forth the particulars of the legacy or property, and delivered to the Commissioners by the executor within six months after the death, or within such further time as the Commissioners may allow.

20. — (1.) Where any property parsing on the death of a deceased person consists of such pictures, prints, books, manuscripts, works of art, scientific collections, or other things not yielding incomess appear to the Treasury to be of national, scientific, or historic interest, and is sett'eJ so as to be enjoyed in kind in succession by different persons, such property shall not, on the death of such deceased person, be aggregated with other property, but shall form an estate by itself, and, while enjoyed in kind by a person not competent to dispose of the same, be exempt from estate duty, but if it is sold or is in the possession of some person who is then competent to dispose of the same, shall become liable to estate duty.

(2.) The person selling the same, or for whose benefit the same is sold, and also the person being in possession and competent to dispose of the sn me, shall be accountable for the duty, and shall

1896.

Finance Act, 1896.

Cil 28.

321

deliver an account, in accordance with section eight of the principal Act, in the case of a sale within one month after the sale, and in the case of a person coming into possession, or if in possession becoming competent to dispose, within six months after he so comes into possession, or becomes competent to dispose.

21. Where on the death of a deceased person estate duty Allowance of becomes payable by a person in respect of any property passing f"ccmion under a settlement made by a will cr disposition which took effect outo'f capital* before the commencement of the principal Act, and before that before com- ' commencement any duty mentioned in paragraphs three to five of "e"ceme"?of the First Schedule to the principal Act has been paid or is payable 30 58 lct* under the same will or disposition on the capital value of the property, the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall allow the duty so paid or payable as a deduction from the estate duty to the extent to which it has been paid or is payable in respect of the property on which estate duty is payable.

22. There shall be added to sub-section five of section ten of the Appeal from principal Act the following proviso: Provided that in every such conrt case any party shall have a right of appeal to Her Majesty's Court 57 Vict. of Appeal. c. so. s. 10.

23. The Finance Act, 1894, shall be construed as if there were Amendment of

added in section twenty-three thereof, after sub-section fifteen, the 57 58 vict *

-, , , J c. 30, as to

following enactment: certain heirs of

Provided that for the purposes of section eighteen of this Act entail in such institute or heir of entail shall not be deemed to be a person Scodand-competent to dispose of such estate, unless he is entitled to disentail it without obtaining the consent of any subsequent heir of entail, or having the consent of any subsequent heir valued an 1 dispensed with.

24. — (1.) Unless the context otherwise requires — Commence-

(a) this Part of this Act shall come into operation on the first JJ^ctiim 0?° day of July one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six, part of Act. which day is in this Part of this Act referred to as the commencement of this Part of this Act; and

(b) the expression "deceased person" means a person dying after the commencement of this Part of this Act.

(2.) Part I. of the Finance Act, 1894, is in this Act referred to as " the principal Act."

PART V.

Income Tax.

25. Income tax for the year beginning on the sixth day of April Rate of income one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six, shall be charged at the tax or 1 rate of eightpence.

26. — (1.) Where this or any other Act enacts that income Application of

tax shall be charged in any year at any rate, there shall be Tax

charged, levied, and paid during that year in respect of all property, profits, and gains respectively described or comprised in

322

Ch. 28.

Finance Act, 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

16 & 17 Vict. the several Schedules A., B., 0., D., and E. in the Income Tax Act, c. 84. 1853, the tax at that rate:

for every twenty shillings of the annual value or amount of property, profits, and gains chargeable under Schedules A., C.,

D., or E. in the said Act; and for every twenty shillings of one third of the annual value of lands, tenements, hereditaments, and heritages chargeable ! under Schedule B. in the said Act in respect of the occupation thereof.

(2.) The deduction of one eighth out of the duties chargeable under Schedule B. shall cease.

(3.) All such enactments relating to income tax as were in force on the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six shall have full force and effect with respect to the duties of income tax hereby granted, so far as those enactments are consistent with this Act.

Annual value 27. For the purposes of any claim to exemption, relief, or abate-

for the purpose ment from income tax, the income arising from the occupation of

or abatement lands, tenements, hereditaments, and heritages chargeable under

from income Schedule B. in the Income Tax Act, 1853, shall be taken to be

ux under one third of the annual value thereof under that schedule, except Schedule B.

+that if any person occupying, either as owner or otherwise, any lands for the purpose of husbandry only shows at the end of any year, to the satisfaction of the General Commissioners of Income Tax, that his profits and gains arising from the occupation of such lands during the year fell short of one third of the said annual value thereof, the income arising from the occupation shall be taken at the actual amount of such profits and gains, and if the whole of the income tax has been paid, the amount overpaid shall be certified

and repaid in manner provided by section one hundred and thirty-

5 & 6 Vict three of the Income Tax Act, 1842.

c. 88.

Appeal by 28. Any owner or other person in receipt of the rent of any lands, owner of land although not the occupier thereof, who is aggrieved by the amount ment to^come annual value of the lands, as asceitained for the purpose of

tax under the assessment made therec n under Schedule A. in the Income Schedule A. Tax Act, 1853, shall have the same right of appeal to the General eft 9.44 VICT Commissioners of Income Tax as if the assessment were made upon him, and section fifty-seven of the Taxes Management Act, 1680, shall apply accordingly.

Assessment of 29. The annual value of any property which has been adopted mider^Schs A ^or P11^08 either of income tax under Schedules A. and R Indla^and of in the Income Tax Act, 1853, or of inhabited hoose duty, during the inhabited the year ending on the fifth day of April one thousand eight the^ear*7* hundred an<^ ninety-six, shall be taken as the annual value of l89£?f 8uch property for the same purpose during the next subsequent year; provided that this section, —

(a) so far as respects the duty on inhabited houses in Scotland, shall he construed with the substitution of the twenty-fourth day of May for the fifth day of April; and 82 & 88 Vict. (6) shall not apply to the metropolis as defined by the Valuation c*67* (Metropolis) Act, 1869.

1896.

Finance A, 1896. Ch. 28.

323

30. Where this or any other Act enacts that the annual value inspectors or of any property which Las been adopted for the purpose of income tax under Schedules A. and B. in the Income Tax Act, 1853, or assessors for of inhabited house duty, during any year shall be taken as the in<?meg^ . annual value of such property for the same purpose during and for

any subsequent year, the inspectors and surveyors of taxes shall be inhabited the assessors for such subsequent year of the income tax under the said Schedules A. and B., and of the inhabited house duty. 06 CMe* '

PART VI.

Land Tax.

3L — (1.) The amount assessed in any year in any land tax parish Remission of on account of the unredeemed quota of land tax charged against that parish shall not after the passing of this Act exceed the amount shilling in the which would be produced by a rate of one shilling in the pound on pound, the annual value of the land in the parish subject to land tax, and any excess above the said amount shall be remitted for that year.

(2.) Sections one hundred and eighty and one hundred and eighty-one of the Land Tax Redemption Act, 1802, shall be construed as if 42 *

the rate of one shilling in the pound on the annual value of the land were substituted for the rate of four shillings therein mentioned. '

32. — (1.) The owner of any land may in any year redeem Redemption of the land tax charged on such land by payment to the Commissioners land tax* of Inland Revenue of a capital sum, equal to thirty times the sum assessed on such land by the assessment last made and signed, after deducting any increase of the assessment made by virtue of this section, and such sum may be paid either in a single payment, or by such annual instalments as may be agreed upon with the Commissioners, and interest at the rate of three per cent, per annum on so much of the capital sum as remains unpaid shall be payable with each instalment, and all the instalments remaining unpaid may be paid at any time.

(2.) If an assessment on account of the unredeemed quota of land tax charged against any land tax parish would but for this section be made at a rate leas than one penny in the pound on the annual value of the land in the parish subject to land tax such assessment shall be made at a rate of not less than one penny in the pound, except where such an assessment would produce a net sum exceeding the amount required for the redemption of the whole of the unredeemed quota, in which case the assessment shall be at such rate as will produce a net sum equal to that amount.

(3.) Any surplus land tax in any land tax palish received by reason of an increased assessment under the foregoing enactment, or otherwise received under the Land Tax Acts, shall be paid and applied in manner provided with respect to surplus land tax by section one hundred and fourteen of the Taxes Management Act, & 44 Vict. 1880, except that such surplus, so far as it is not applied in payment c*19* to the assessors, shall be deemed to have redeemed so much of(th$o

324

Ch. 28.

Finance Act, 1806.

59 & 60 Viol.

unredeemed quota of the land tax in the parish as is equal to one thirtieth part of such surplus.

Amendment of Land Tax Acts as to facilities for raising redemption money.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 51.

33. Subject to the provisions of this Act, the Land Tax Acts shall apply to any redemption of land tax under this Part of this Act; provided as follows:—

(a.) Where an owner redeems under this Act land tax upm any land by payment of a capital surn, the Commissioners of Inland Revenue in accordance with the prescribed regulations, shall, on his application at the date of the redemption, grant to him a certificate charging the land with the amount of that sum, and with interest equal to the amount of the land tax redeemed, and ho shall be entitled to the charge as if it were a mortgage secured to him by a mortgage deed; and such charge, when the certificate is registered in pursuance of the Land Charges Registration and Searches Act, 1888, shall have priority over all other charges and incumbrances, and any money authorised to he invested in real security may be invested on the security of any such charge.

(6.) For the redemption under this Act by a capital sum of land tax charged upon land —

(i.) if the land is held upon any trust, or for aoy purpose, or for the benefit of any university or college, money may he applied which is held on the same trust, or for the same purpose, or for the benefit of the same university or college; and

(ii.) if the land is held for any purpose by a corporation or trustees, money may be applied which is applicable for that purpose, and any of such land may he sold to raise money for the redemption.

forms. 34. The Commissioners of Iul&nd Revenue may prescribe

regulations and forms for the purposes of this Part of this Act and may prescribe any forms required for the purpose of the L'tnd Tax Acts, and any forms so prescribed, or forms to the like effect varied as circumstances require, shall when used he sufficient in law.

Definitions and 35. In this Part of this Act, unless the context otherwise construction. requires —

The expression "land subject to land tax '* includes all the 38 Geo. 3. c. 5. property specified in section four of the Land Tax Act, 1797, which is not exonerated from land tax:

The expression "unredeemed quota of the land tax" means the part of the land tax charged against a land tax parish under the Land Tax Acts, which for the time being remains payable: The expression "land tax parish" means any parish, township, tithing, precinct, or place, for which a separate assessment of land tax is for the time being made:

The expression "annual value" means annual value by determination of the General Commissioners of Income Tax for the 5 & 6 Vict. purpose of Schedule A. in the Income Tax Act, 1842, or in the

c‘35 case of any land subject to land tax, the annual value of which

is not so determined, means annual value as determined by those Commissioners for the purposes qfgitte Pait of this Act

1896.

Fincnice A, 1896. Ch. 28.

325

on the like basis as if it were determined for the purpose of Schedule A.

The expression "owner " in relation to any land means any person entitled under the Land Tax Acts to redeem the land tax assessed on that land:

The expression "Land Tax Acts" means the Land Tax Act, 38 Geo. 3. c. 5. 1797, and the Land Tax Redemption Act, 1802, and the 3‘ enactments amending those Acts:

Other expressions have the same meaning as in the Land Tax Acts.

36. In the application of this Part of this Act to Scotland, the Application of

following provisions shall have effect:— Scotland^* *°

(1.) The expression "county" shall be substituted for the expression "land tax parish; "

(2.). The expression "bond and disposition in security in his favour" shall be substituted for the expression "mortgage secured to him by mortgage deed; "

(3.) The expression "heritable security " shall be substituted for the expression "real security; "

(4.) The certificate of charge granted under this Part of this Act by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue may be recorded in the register of sasines, and when so recorded shall have priority over all other charges and incumbrances.

PART VII.

Miscellaneous.

37. Whereas by the Indian Army Pension Deficiency Act, 1885, Increase of the annual charge in respect of certain Indian army pensions

therein mentioned was made payable out of a fund thereby placed rate of interest in the hands of the National Debt Commissioners, and called the for the Indian Indian Army Pension Deficiency Fund, and in order to make the ^e^nsion fund solvent, an annuity of one hundred and fifty thousand pounds, Fund. payable to the Commissioners, was by section four of the said Act 48 & 49 Vict. charged on the Consolidated Fund, until all charges on the Indian c. 67.

Army Pension Deficiency Fund ceased;

And whereas by section five of the same Act the National Debt Commissioners were authorised to lend money, to be repaid out of the said Deficiency Fund by an annuity, with interest at three and a quarter per cent, per annum;

And whereas the charge on the said Deficiency Fund has proved to be larger than was originally estimated, and consequently the Fund is insufficient to meet those charges thereon, and it is therefore expedient to increase the amount of the annuity, and to authorise the reduction of the rate of interest on any money to be lent as above mentioned: Be it therefore enacted that —

(1.) The annuity charged on the Consolidated Fund by section four of the Indian Army Pension Deficiency Act, 1885, shall, as 48 & 49 Vict.

326

Ch. 28.

Finance Act, 1896.

59 & 60 VICT.

A* to authorised officer conducting ta8*lpo-oeedingsm county court.

58 & 54 Vict. c. 21.

Cone traction of Act.

89 & 40 Vict c. 86.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 89.

57 & 58 Vict. c. 80.

5 & 6 Vict c. 85.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 84.

Repeal of Acts.

[Short title.]

from the first day of April one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six, be two hundred and fifteen thousand pounds, and the said Act shall have effect as if " two hundred and fifteen thousand pounds, " beginning on the first day of April one thousand eight hundred " and ninety-six, " were substituted in the said section for " one hundred and fifty thousand pounds, beginning on the first day " of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five."

(2.) The rate of interest for any money lent after the first day of April one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six under section five of the said Act shall be such as the National Debt Commissioners, with the approval of the Treasury, may determine.

38. Section twenty-seven of the Inland Revenue Regulation Act, 1890, shall be amended by the addition thereto of the following enactment; —

Any person who has been admitted as a solicitor, and is employed or authorised by the Commissioners or the solicitor of Inland Revenue, may appear in, conduct, defend, and address the court in any legal proceeding in a county court in England or Ireland where the proceeding relates to inland revenue or to any matter under the care or management of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue.

39. Part One of this Act, so far as it amends the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876, shall be construed together with that Act.

Part Two of this Act shall be construed together with the Acts relating to the duties on beer.

Part Three of this Act shall be construed together with the Stamp Act, 1891.

Part Four of this Act shall be construed together with Part One of the Finance Act, 1894.

Part Five of this Act shall be construed together with the Income Tax Act, 1842, and the Income Tax Act, 1853.

Part Six of this Act shall be construed together with the Land Tax Acts as defined in that Part.

40. The Acts mentioned in the schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent in the third column of that schedule mentioned.

41. This Act may be cited as the Finance Act, 1896.

1896

Finance Act, 1896. Ch. 28.

327

SCHEDULE.

ACTS REPEALED.

PART I.

Land Tax.

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Title or

Extent of Repeal.

42 Geo. 8. The Land Tax Re-o. 116. demption Act,

1802.

i

48 Geo. 0.51.

45 Geo. c. 77.

58 Geo. c. 128.

3.

8.

8.

The Land Tax Redemption Act, 1803.

The Land Tax Redemption Act, 1806.

The Laud Tax Redemption Act, 1813.

Sections twenty to twenty-five, twenty seven to twenty-nine, thirty-eight to " marked E, and in cases " from " in the form " to " marked F," from " of the cashier " to "Bank of England or" and the words "transferring each stock or " " transferred or " and " transfer or Wherever they occur in that section; forty from " and in every such case'* to "entitled unto the same, " forty-one, forty-two, forty-three, forty-five, forty-nine, fifty-one to sixty-six, sixty-nine, seventy, eighty-five to one hundred and twelve, one hundred and seventeen, one hundred and nineteen to one hundred and twenty-one, one hundred and twenty-three, one hundred and twenty-four, one hundred and twenty-eight, one hundred and forty, in one hundred and forty-one the words "by the transfer of Btock " in the manner here in-before mentioned, " one hundred and forty-eight, in one hundred and forty-nine tho words "by the transfer of stock " in the manner herein-before mentioned," one hundred and fifry-seven, one hundred and fifty-eight, one hundred and sixty-six, from " and if such executor " to " been then living, " and the words " the likeone hundred and seventy-one from "have transferred" to " shall hereafter, " the words "that such Bank Annuities ought not to have " been so transferred or, " " to re- transfer the said Bank Annuities " or," and *' transferred or; " one hundred and seventy-two, one hundred and seventy-six; Schedules E, F, K, and L.

The whole Act.

Section two.

Sections three, four, thirteen to distinctly under such accounts," six-

teen, twenty, twenty-four, twenty-five, forty, and in Schedule A. Form [A, No. 1].

Ch. 28.

Finance Act, 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Title or

Extent of Repeal.

54 Geo. 3. c. 173.

57 Geo. 3. c. 100.

7 Will. 4. and 1 Vict. c. 17.

The Land Tax Re* demption Act, 1814.

The Land Tax Redemption Act, 1817.

An Act for carrying to the Consolidated Fond certain monies paid into the Exchequer, and usoally applied as a part of the annual aids and supplies; and for cancelling stock transferred to the Commissioners for Reduction of the National Debt on account of the Redemption of Land Tax.

Sections eight, nine, and fourteen to sixteen.

Sections twelve to nineteen; in section twenty-three the words "for the re-transfer of any stock or, " and " transferred or, '* and from " and the Governor and Company " to the end of the section.

The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 74.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 42.

An Act to reduoe the terms on which the Land Tax in Great Britain may be redeemed or purchased.

The Revenuo Act, 1889.

The whole Act.

Section nine.

PART II.

Income Tax.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. j 1 Extent of Repeal. t

5 & 6 Vict. c. 35. The Income Tax Act, 1842. Section sixty-three, in No. VII. from " in all cases where lands are subject to a rentcharge in lieu of " tithes" down to "as aforesaid: provided also that *'; section one hundred and sixty-seven from " and " the income arising from the oo* " cupation" down to "directions and, '* and the words "by this Act as aforesaid "; and from " and the income arising from any lease " to the end of the section.

1896.

Finance Act, 189C.

Ch. 28, 29.

329

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. 1 j i Extent of Repeal.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 12. An Act to continue the duties on pro- j fits arising from property, profee-; sions, trades, and offices, and to amend the Act imposing the same. j Section three. 1 1

16 & 17 Vict. c. 34. The Inoome Tax Act, 1853. Section twenty-eight, from " and in | Ireland the inoome '* down to Schedule B. of this Act; *4 and section forty-six.

48 & 44 Vict. c. 20. The Inland Revenue Act, 1880. 1 Section fifty-two. 1 1

PART III. Death Duties.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Extent of Repeal.

81 & 82 Vict. c. 124. An Act to amend the laws relating to the Inland Revenue. In section nine, from at the rate of four pounds, " to as part thereof."

57 & 58 Vict. c. 30. The Finance Act, 1894. Section six, in sub-section six, the words at the rate of three per cent, per annum, *' and the words and shall form part of the estate duty, " and in sub-section eight, the words "less income tax.

Section eight, sub-section ten.

Section seventeen, from provided that, '* to the end of the section.

CHAPTER 29.

An Act to amend the Bishopric of Bristol Act, 1884.

[7th August 1896.]

WHEREAS by the Bishopric of Bristol Act, 1884, provision was made for the disunion of the tees of Gloucester and Bristol and for the cc nstitution of a separate bishopric of Bristol, and it was thereby amongst other things provided that the diocese should consist of the deaneries and parishes as therein mentioned: ie

330 Cu. 29, 30. Bishopric of Bristol Amendment 59 & C0 VICT.

Act, 1898.

[Short title.]

Amendment of schedule to 47 & 48 Vict. c. 66.

67 & 58 Vict. c. 81.

And whereas it is expedient that the boundaries of the said diocese should be altered and amended as herein-after mentioned:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Bishopric of Bristol Amendment Act, 1896.

2. Section two of the schedule to the Bishopric of Bristol Act, 1884, is hereby repealed, and there shall by virtue of this Act be substituted for it the following section, that is to say:—

The diocese to consist of —

(a.) The deaneries of Bristol and Stapleton;

(6.) The deaneries of Malmesbury or Malmesbury North, Chippenham or Malmesbury South, and Cricklade, in the county of Wilts (except the parishes of Kemble and Poole Keynes in the deanery of Malmesbury and the parishes of Somerford Keynes and Shamcote in the deanery of Cricklade, which four lastly-mentioned parishes shall form part of the rural deanery of Cirencester) and the deanery of Bitton in the county of Gloucester; and all other provisions of the said Act as amended by the Bishopric of Bristol Amendment Act, 1894, and all other enactments having reference in any manner to the section aforesaid shall be read and have effect accordingly.

CHAPTER 30.

An Act to make better Provision for the Prevention and Settlement of Trade Disputes.

[7th August 1890.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, byr and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Registration L — (1.) Any board established either before or after the passing

of of this Act, which is constituted for the purpose of settling disputes boards. between employers and workmen by conciliation or arbitration, or

any.association or body authorised by an agreement in writing made between employers and workmen to deal with such disputes (in this Act referred to as a conciliation board), may apply to the Board of Trade for registration under this Act

(2.) The application must be accompanied by copies of the constitution, byelaws, and regulations of the conciliation board, with Such other information as the Board of Trade may reasonably require.

(3.) The Board of Trade shall keep a register of conciliation boards, and enter therein with respect to each registered board its name and principal office, and such other particulars as the Board of Trade may think expedient, and any registered conciliation

1896. Conciliation , 1896. Ch. 30. 331

!x>ard shall be entitled to have its name removed from the register on sending to the Board of Trade a written application to that effcctw

(4.) Every registered conciliation board shall furnish such returns, reports of its proceedings, and other documents as the Board of Trade may reasonably require.

(5.) The Board of Trade may, on being satisfied that a registered conciliation board has ceased to exist or to act, remove its name from the register.

(6.) Subject to any agreement to the contrary, proceedings for conciliation before a registered conciliation board shall be conducted in accordance with the regulations of the board in that behalf.

2. — (1)Where a difference exists or is apprehended between an Powers of employer, or any class of employers, and workmen, or between Board oi different classes of workmen, the Board of Trade may, if they think

fit, exercise all or any of the following powers, namely, — disputes.

(a) inquire into the causes and circumstances of the difference;

(b) take such steps as to the Board may seem expedient for the purpose of enabling the parties to the difference to meet together, by themselves or their representatives, under the presidency of a chairman mutually agreed upon or nominated by the Board of Trade or by some other person or body, with a view to the amicable settlement of the difference;

(c) on the application of employers or workmen interested, and after taking into consideration the existence and adequacy of means available for conciliation in the district or trade and the circumstances of the case, appoint a person or persons to act as conciliator or ns a board of conciliation;

(d) on the application of both parties to the difference, appoint an arbitrator.

(2.) If any person is so appointed to act as conciliator, he shall inquire into the causes and circumstances of the difference by communication with the parties, and otherwise shall endeavour to bring about a settlement of the difference, and shall report his proceedings to the Board of Trade.

(3.) If a settlement of the difference is effected either by conciliation or by arbitration, a memorandum of the terms thereof shall be drawn up and signed by the parties or their representatives, and a copy thereof shall be delivered to and kept by the Board of Trade.

3. The Arbitration Act, 1889, shall not apply to the settlement Exchuion of by arbitration of any difference or dispute to which this Act applies, 52*58 Vict. but any such arbitration proceedings shall be conducted in accord- c *

ance with such of the provisions of the said Act, or such of the regulations of any conciliation board, or under such other rules or regulations, as may be mutually agreed upon by the parties to the difference or dispute.

4. If it appears to the Board of Trade that in any district or Powor for trade adequate means do not exist for having disputes submitted to

a conciliation board for the district or trade, they may appoint any

ViItvTyTVT 8

332

Ch. 30, 31.

Conciliation Act, 1896.

59 & 60 VICT.

conciliation

boards.

Report to Parliament.

Expenses.

person or persons to inquire into the conditions of the district or tr.ide, and to confer with the employers and employed, and, if the Board of Trade think fit, with any local authority or body, as to the expediency of establishing a conciliation board for the district or trade.

5. The Board of Trade shall from time to time present to Parliament a report of their proceedings under this Act

8. The expenses incurred by the Board of Trade in the execution of this Act shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament

Repeal

S Geo. 4. c. 96. 90*81 Vict.

C. 105.

SS*96 Vict. c. 46.

7. The Masters and Workmen Arbitration Act, 1824, and the Councils of Conciliation Act, 1867, and the Arbitration (Masters and Workmen) Act, 1872, are hereby repealed.

[Short title.]

8. This Act may be cited as the Conciliation Act, 1896.

CHAPTER 81.

An Act to amend the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890.

[7th August 1896.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

l This Act may be cited as the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890, Amendment (Scotland) Act, 1896.

Re-resting 2. Any7 land acquired by a local authority for the purposes of of lands. the Artizars and Labourers Dwellings Improvement (Scotland) Acts, 1875 to 1880, and still held by and vested in them shall be deemed to be held by and vested in them for the purposes of Part L 58 & 54 Vict. and relative provisions of the Housing of the Working Classes c. 70. Act, 1890, without the necessity of expeding or recording any

notarial or other instrument.

Defining 3. Section ninety-six, sub-section two, of the Housing of the

i#7o s* 96Ct Working Classes Act, 1890, shall be read and construed as if the (i>. ‘ words " and any Acts amending the same " had been inserted

after " 1871 " and as if the words "in the case of a rural sanitary authority " had been inserted after the words provided that " occurring in that sub-section.

5?4. The Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890, Amendment c. 22. (Scotland) Act, 1892, is hereby repealed.

18-33.

Orkney and Zetland Snvdl Piers and Harbours Act, 1896.

Cm. 32.

333

CHAPTER 32.

An Act to facilitate the Construction of Small Piers and Harbours in the Counties of Orkney and Zetland.

[14th August 1896.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act shall be cited as the Orkney and Zetland Small Piers Short title, and Harbours Act, 1896.

2. — (1.) It shall be lawful for a parish council, or for any two or Formation more parish councils, or for not fewer than ten parish electors, of BP?ciaJ. any landward parish or parishes within the meaning of the Local hwbour °r Government (Scotland) Act, 1894, in the counties of Orkney and purposes. Zetland, to make a requisition in writing to the district committee 57 & 58 Vict. of the county council of the respective county, calling upon them c* 58, to form such parish or parishes or any portion thereof within the district into a special district for the following purposes, or any one or more of them; that is to say, the construction and maintenance of small harbours, piers, and boatslips.

(2.) Upon such requisition being received, the district committee shall be bound to meet after twenty-one clear days notice, and shall consider the propriety of forming such parish or parishes or landward part of a parish or parishes or portion thereof into a special district, and shall by resolution either approve or dis approve of the formation of a special district for the purposes stated in the requisition, and if they approve thereof, shall define the boundaries of such special district. Such resolution, subject to the consent of the county council and the Local Government Board, shall be final; and in giving or refusing such consent the county council and the Local Government Board respectively shall take into consideration the whole circumstances of the case, including the amount of rates levied for the time being within the proposed special district and the sanitary requirements of the said district; and the county council and the Local Government Board respectively may consent to a resolution either with or without modifications. In the event of the district committee, or county council, or the Local Government Board disapproving of the formation of a special district as proposed in the requisition, it shall not be competent to make another requisition to the same effect until after the expiration of twelve months. A copy of every such resolution shall be forthwith published in one or more newspapers circulating in the district, and transmitted to the Local Government Board and to the county council.

(3.) The area of a Special district formed under the provisions of this Act may be enlarged or altered, and two or more special districts may be combined, from time to time, by resolution of the district committee or committees, as the case may be, with or

jg ^.

334 Ch. 32. Orkney anlZetland Saull Piers & 60 Vict.

and Harbours Act, 1896.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 83.

52 & 63 Vict c. 50.

without a requisition, .but subject to the consent of the county council and of the Local Government Board.

(4.) Any expenditure attending the carrying out within a special pier and harbour district of the purposes of this Act, or any of them, shall be paid out of an assessment to be imposed by the county council with the content of the Local Government Board within the special district, to be called the special district (pier and harboar) rate, and levied along with and as an addition to and in excess of the public health rate, and with the same remedies and modes of recovery: —

Provided that —

(a.) Such special district (pier and harbour) tate shall not exceed fifteenpence in the pound on the annual value of the lands and heritages within the special district as ascertained for the purposes of the Poor Law (Scotland) Act, 1845 r (6.) When a special district is formed in terms of this Act, the Public Health (Scotland) Acts shall in their application to such special district be amended to the extent that the maximum assessment leviable thereunder shall be diminished by ther amount of the rate for the time being levied in terms of this Act, so that the maximum assessment aforesaid and the rate levied in terms of this Act taken together shall not in any year exceed the rate of two shillings and sixpence in the pound in any special water supply or drainage district.

(5.) If in any year ending the fifteenth day of May the rates* received by the district committee, as undertakers, shall be insufficient to defray the expenses of the maintenance, repair, management, find regulation of any authorised works, it shall be lawful for and incumbent on the county council to meet such deficiency by imposing and levying a rate in terms of this Act u(K>ii the special pier and harbour district within which the works are situate.

(6.) If from any cause the local subscriptions received on account of any works, together with the grant out of moneys voted by Parliament, shall be insufficient to defray the cost of constructing the authorised works, the county council shall be bound to pay and provide for such deficiency, and for that purpose may borrow, on the security of a rate to be levied in terms of this Act upon the special pier and harbour district within which the works an? situate, and such rate shall be chargeable with the principal and interest of the loin, the amount of such deficiency in the manner and subje.-t to the provisions of section sixty-seven of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889.

(7.) Where a special district has been formed under the provisions of this Act, the district committee may, subject to regulations to be from time to time made with the consent of the county council, appoint a sub-committee for the management and maintenance of the pier and harbour works, and such sub-committee Shall. in whole or in part, consist of parish councillors of* the parish or parishes hv which the special district is situated, who ther'member^ oPthe district committee or not.

1896.

335

Orkney and Zetland Small Piers On. 32, 33. and Harbours Act, 1896.

3. Upon a special pier and harbour district being formed as in Substitution this Act herein-before provided the enactments contained in (a) ^a<^Jtrictfor section two, sub-sections one to twenty-four, inclusive, and sub- council for section twenty-seven and (b) the enactments of sections three and certain

six of the Western Highlands and Islands (Scotland) Works Act, purp08es> 1891, shall apply for the purpose of aiding in the construction and 55 Vict* improvement of small harbours, piers, and boatslips within the counties of Orkney and Zetland as if the words "District Committee " were in the said Act inserted in place of the words "County Council."

4. Section forty-five of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, Extension of 1894, shall be read as if the words "each special pier and harbour

" district formed under the Orkney and Zetland Small Piers and special dis- Harbours Act " were therein inserted after the words "section tricts under " forty-four of this Act." thi* Act *

5. Nothing in this Act shall prejudice or aflect the provisions of Sft^vSt. c.w. the Western Highlands and Islands (Scotland) Works Act, 1891, or 67 vict!c.&8. the Loe&l Government (Scotland) Act, 1894.

6. This Act shall apply only within the counties of Orkney and Extent of

Zetland. Act *

CHAPTER 33.

An Act to amend the Laws with respect to the Royal Naval Volunteers.

[14th August 1896.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the scone, as follows:

1. — "-(1.) The power under the Royal Naval Reserve Volunteer Amendment Act, 1859, to raise and pay volunteers may, subject to regulations of the Admiralty, be exercised outside the British Islands:Provided that a volunteer shall not be raised or paid outside the British royal naral Islands, unless he is a British subject serving on a vessel registered ▼oluntoers. in the British Islands. 23 Vict *

(2.) In section one of the said Act the words "in the United . Kingdom and the Islands of Man, Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney,

" and Sark, or any of them, " and in section nine of the same Act the words "in the United Kingdom or in the Islands of Man,

* Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, and Sark, and nowhere else, and" are hereby repealed.

2. A person holding a deferred pension certificate or ticket shall Explanation be deemed to be a person in receipt of a pension within the meaning of section eleven of the Royal Naval Reserve Volunteer pensioners. Act, 1859.

. 3.' This Act may be cited as the Royal Naval Reserve Volunteer Short title-Aet, 1896.

336

Ch. 34.

Railways (Ireland) Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

Advance by Treasury.

CHAPTER 34.

An Act to facilitate the Construction of Railways and the Establishment of other means of Communication in Ireland, and for other purposes incidental thereto.

[14th August 1896.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows; that is to say: —

1. — (1.) Where it is certified to the Treasury by the Lord Lieutenant that the making of a railway under this Act is necessary for the development of the resources of any district, but that owing to the exceptional circumstances of the district the railway could not be constructed without special assistance from the State, and the Treasury are satisfied that a railway company existing at the time will, if an advance is made by the Treasury under this section, construct, work, and maintain the railway, or work and maintain the railway when constructed, the Treasury may make such agreement with the railway company as is authorised «2 & 58 Vict. by sub-section one of section four of the Light Kail ways (Ireland) c*66' Act, 1889, and may, subject to the limitation of this Act as to

the amount to be expended for the purposes of advances, agree that the railway be aided out of public money by an advance under this section.

Provided that —

(a) the Treasury shall not make any such advance unless they are satisfied that landowners, local authorities, and other persons locally interested have, by the free grant of land or otherwise, given all reasonable assistance and facilities in their power for the construction of the railway; and (6) save in the case of a railway which will be situated wholly or mainly within a congested districts county, as defined by the Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1891, an advance shall not exceed one half of the total amount required for the construction of the railway.

(2.) An advance under this section may be a free grant or a loan, or partly a free grant and partly a loan.

(3.) Any loan for an advance under this section shall be made on such conditions and at such rate of interest as the Treasury direct (4.) The Board of Works may examine any surveys, maps, plans, and estimates for the construction of the railway submitted to them, and if they consider that those submitted cannot be made satisfactory, or if any alterations which they may suggest therein are not accepted, the Board of Works, if authorised by the Treasury, may themselves make or procure the same.

(5.) In the case of a railway which will be situated wholly or mainly within such congested districts county as aforesaid, if the railway company do not agree to construct the railway, the Board of Works may, with the sanction of the Treasury, construct or contract for the construct'on of the railwa^zed b

54 & 55 Vict. c. 48.

1896. Railways (Ireland), 1896. Ch. 34. 337

(6.) For the purposes of this section the Board of Works shall have all the powers conferred by the Lands Clauses Acts on the promoters of an undertaking.

(7.) All costs and expenses necessarily incurred by any Government department or officer under this Act shall be paid out of the money provided by this Act.

2. Where such agreement as aforesaid his been made by the Order in

Treasury with a railway company section five of the Light Railways (Ireland) Act, 1889, shall apply with the following ^eemeati modifications: — 52 & 53

(a.) The Order in Council mentioned in the said section five c. 66. may authorise the construction or reconstruction and maintenance as part of the railway of any pier, quay, or jetty, and may empower the railway company or the Board of Works to enter into all contracts and agreements necessary for carrying the Order into effect:

(6.) The Order shall set forth the tolls and charges for passengers, animals and things conveyed on the railway:

(c.) When the Treasury have agreed to make an advance as a free grant, the Order may make provision as regards any district that during a period not exceeding ten years, to be fixed by the Order, so much of the railway as is in that district shall not be assessed to any local rate at a higher value than that at which the land occupied by the railway would have been assessed if it had remained in the condition in which it was immediately before it was acquired for the purposes of the railway. The Order may authorise the Lord Lieutenant to extend any such period:

(d.) The Order may upon the application of the Treasury be altered or added to by an amending Order made in like manner and subject to the like provisions as the original Order.

3. — (1.) Where an agreement under this Act has been entered Certain pro-into, the following provisions of the principal Acts shall not apply

to the projected railway; (that is to say,) — (Ireland) Acta

The provisions relating to the procedure for obtaining the approval not to apply to of the undertaking by any grand jury, municipal corporation, town, or other commissioners, and for obtaining a guarantee, and relating to all proceedings preliminary thereto:

The provisions relating to tolls and rates of charge:

The provisions relating to deposits or other security for the completion of the undertaking:

The provisions conferring powers and imposing duties on the county surveyor.

(2.) For the purposes of this Act there shall be substituted for the provisions aforesaid such regulations as may be made by the Lord Lieutenant in Council under this Act.

4. — (1.) The total amount advanced by the Treasury under this Limitation on Act shall not at any one time exceed five hundred thousand

pounds. provision of

(2.) The National Debt Commissioners may, out of any money for the time being in their ha^ds on account of savings banks, lend to commissioner*.

338

Ch.'34.

Railways (Ireland) Act, 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

the Treasury, and the Treasury may borrow from* the National-Debt Commissioners, such money as may be required for the purpose of advances by the Treasury under this Act, on such terms as to interest, sinking fund, and period of repayment (not exceeding thirty years from the date of* the loan) as may be agieed on between the National Debt Commissioners and the Treasury.

(3.) The so ms so lent by the National Debt Commissioners shall be repaid out of money provided by Parliament for the purpose, and if and so far as that money is insufficient shall be charged on, and payable out of, the Consolidated Fund, or the growing produce thereof.

Power of owner to grant land or advance money for a light railway.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 114.

5. — (1.) Where any person has power, either by statute or otherwise, to sell and convey any land for the purpose of any works of a railway under this Act, lie may, with the sanction of the Board of Works given under this section, convey the land for that purpose either without payment of any purchase money or compensation, or at a price less than the real value, and may so convey it free from all incumbrances thereon.

(2.) Whenever any person who is a landowner within the meaning of the Improvement of Land Act, 1864, contributes any money for the purpose of any works of a railway under this Act, the amount so contributed may, with the sanction of the Board of Works given under this section, be charged on the land of the landowner improved by the works in the same manner, and with the like effect, as in the case of a charge under that Act,

(3.) The Board of Works shall not give their sanction under this section unless they are satisfied that the works for which the land is conveyed or the money is contributed will effect a permanent increase in the value of the land held by the same title or of other land of the same landowner exceeding, in the case of a conveyance of land, that which is, in the opinion of the Board of Works, the real value of the land conveyed, or the difference between that value and the price, as the case may be, and in the case of a contribution of money the amount contributed:Provided also, that if the land proposed to be conveyed is subject to incumbrances, the Board of Works, before giving their sanction under this section, shall cause notice to be given to the incumbrancers, and shall consider the objections, if any, raised by them.

Entry on Jands. 6. — (1.) The Board of Works or any company authorised to

construct a railway under this Act, with the consent of that Board, may, before the arbitrator has framed his draft award, enter upon any land, which they are by any Order in Council made under this Act authorised to take, without making any deposit in the bank.

(2.) Where any such entry is made the Board of Works shall pay to the persons entitled thereto the purchase money or compensation agreed upon or awarded to such persons pursuant to the Lands Clauses Acts in respect of the lands so entered upon, and those Acts as amended by this section shall apply accordingly.

(3.) Where any Order in Council under this Act incorporates the Landis Clauses Acts the award of the arbitrator under those Acts

1896.

RaihCays (Ireland), 1896.

Oh, 34.

339

shall be fiftal, and the provisions of those Acts with respect to traverses shall not apply.

7. — (I.) Where any railway constructed under the principal Acts Provision in or; this Act has been aided out of moneys provided by Parliament, ?aw °^faQit the Board of Works may at any time (whether the undertaking u^ertakiS^. has become the property of a grand jury or not) appoint an engineer or other fit person to inspect and report upon the condition

of the undertaking, and the working, maintenance, and development of the same.

(2.) If such engineer or person reports that the undertaking is not efficiently worked, maintained, and developed, the Board of Works shall make a report to the Lord Lieutenant, and the Lord Lieutenant in Council, after giving all persons interested an opportunity of being heard, may, if satisfied that the undertaking has not been efficiently worked, maintained, or developed, make an order appointing a manager or receiver of the undertaking for such time and with such powers as may be specified in the order.

8. The enactments mentioned in the schedule to this Act shall Application of

not apply to a railway authorised under this Act, except so far as Acts,

they are required by the Board of Trade to be incorporated, or

applied by the Order in Council confirming an agreement under this Act.

9. Where it is certified to the Treasury by the Lord Lieutenant Provision for that the establishment of any of the means of communication menuJlinSof mentioned in this section is necessary for the development of the steam-boats, resources of any district, but that owing to the exceptional coaches, &c. circumstances of the district such means of communication could

not be established without special assistance from the State, the Treasury may authorise the Board of Works to enter into an agreement with any person for the establishment and maintenance of any line of steam-boats, coaches, cars, carts, or other vehicles moved by mechanical power or otherwise, and to construct or reconstruct and maintain or contract for the construction or reconstruction and maintenance of any pier, quay, or jetty, or the immediate approaches thereto, or any structure necessary for the proper use thereof; and the Treasury may, out of the money provided by this Act, make free grants in aid of any of the above purposes.

10. Any grand jury may, subject to rules and regulations under Presentment in this Act, present any sum of money in aid of any railway or other f^by grand means of communication, or any accommodation work constructed J ‘ '

or established under this Act; and section twenty-three of the Public Works (Ireland) Act, 1831, and section one of the Grand l & 2 Will. *. Jury (Ireland) Act, 1853, shall apply to such presentment, with j'68£'17 vict this modification that the half-yearly instalments for repayment c< 186 of any sum to be expended may be at a rate of not less than four pounds per cent, per annum on such sum.

11. — (1.) The Lord Lieutenant in Council may make rules and Power to make regulations for the purpose of carrying this Act into effect and for ra, eB *

regulating the procedure thereunder: Provided that the assent of

340 Ch. 34, 35. Railways (Ireland) Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

the Treasury shall be necessary in the case of any rule or regulation affecting the expenditure of money provided by this Act

(2.) All rules and regulations under this section shall be laid before Parliament.

Definition. 12. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, the expression "railway" includes light railway or tramway, and where provided by an Order in Council any pier, quay, or jetty used in connexion therewith.

Short title and 13. This Act may be cited as the Railways (Ireland) Act, 1896, construction, and, save where the context otherwise requires, shall be construed 55 Vict. as one with the principal Acts, that is to say, the Transfer of 58 & 59 Vict. Railways (Ireland) Act, 1890, and the Tramways (Ireland) Acts as c. 20. therein defined, and the Tramways (Ireland) Act, 1895, and those

Acts and this Act may be cited collectively as the Tramways (Ireland) Acts, 1860 to 1896.

SCHEDULE.

Sections. ENACTMENTS RELATING TO SAFETY, &c.

[Short Title.]

1 Session and Chapter. Title or Enactments referred to.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 119. The Regulation of Railways Act, 1868. 1 1 i Sections nineteen, twenty, 1 twenty-two, twenty-seven, twenty-eight, I and twenty-nine.

41 & 42 Vict 42 Vict. c. 20. - The Railway Returns (Continuous Brakes) Act, 1878. The whole Act. i ]

52 & 53 Vict. c. 57. - The Regulation of Railways Act, 1889. | The whole Act.

Power of court on application to appoint judicial trustee.

CHAPTER 35.

An Act to provide for the Appointment of Judicial Trustees and otherwise to amend the Law respecting the Administration of Trusts and the Liability of Trustees.

[14th August 1896.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) Where application is made t) the court by or on behalf of the person creating or intending to create a trust, or by or on behalf of a trustee or beneficiary, the court may, in its discretion, appoint a person (in this Act called a judicial trustee) to be a trustee of that trust, either jointly with any other^q>«rspn©r as

1896.

Judicial Trustees Act, 1896. Ch. 35.

341

sole trustee, and, if sufficient cause is shown, in.place of all or any existing trustees.

(2.) The administration of the property of a deceased person, whether a testator or intestate, shall be a trust, and the executor or administrator a trustee, within the meaning of this Act.

(3.) Any fit and proper person nominated for the purpose in the application may be appointed a judicial trustee, and, in the absence of such nomination, or if the court is not satisfied of the fitness of a person so nominated, an official of the court may be appointed, and in any case a judicial trustee shall be subject to the control and supervision of the court as an officer thereof.

(4.) The court may, either on request or without request, give to a judicial trustee any general or special directions in regard to the trust or the administration thereof.

(5.) There may be paid to a judicial trustee out of the trust property such remuneration, not exceeding the prescribed limits, as the court may assign in each case, subject to any rules under this Act respecting the application of such remuneration where the judicial trustee is an official of the court, and the remuneration so assigned to any judicial trustee shall, save as the court may for special reasons otherwise order, cover all his work and personal outla}'.

(6.) Once in every year the accounts of every trust of which a judicial trustee has been appointed shall be audited, and a report thereon made to the court by the prescribed persons, and, in any case where the court shall so direct, an inquiry into the administration by a judicial trustee of any trust, or into any dealing or transaction of a judicial trustee, shall be made in the prescribed manner.

2. The jurisdiction of the court under this Act may be exercised Court to by the High Court, and as respects trusts within its jurisdiction j^diction. by a palatine court, and (subject to the prescribed definition of the jurisdiction) by any county court judge to whom such jurisdiction

may be assigned under this Act 3 4

3. — (1.) If it appears to the court that a trustee, whether Jurisdiction appointed under this Act or not, is or may be personally liable for

any breach of trust, whether the transaction alleged to be a breach of trust of trust occurred before or after the passing of this Act, but has acted honestly and reasonably, and ought fairly to be excused for the breach of trust and for omitting to obtain the directions of the court in the matter in which he committed such breach, then the court may relieve the trustee either wholly or partly from personal liability for the same.

(2.) This section shall come into operation at the passing of this Act

4. — (1.) Rules may be made for carrying into effect this Act, Buies, and especially —

(1) for requiring judicial trustees, who are not officials of the court, to give security for the due application of any trust property under their control:

J A

342

Ch. 35.:

Judicial Trustees Act, 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

(2) respecting the safety of the trust property, and the custody thereof:

; .(8) respecting the remuneration of judicial trustees and for fixing and regulating the fees to betaken under this Act so as to cover the expenses of the administration of this Act, and respecting the payment of such remuneration and fees out of the trust property, and, where the judicial trustee is an official of the court, respecting the application, of the remuneration and fees payable to him:

(4) for dispensing with formal proof of facts in proper cases:

(5) for facilitating the discharge by the court of administrative duties under this Act without judicial. proceedings and otherwise regulating procedure under this Act and making it simple and inexpensive;

(6) for assigning jurisdiction under this Act to county court judges and defining such jurisdiction:

(7) respecting the suspension or removal of any judicial trustee, and the succession of another person to the office of any judicial trustee who may cease to hold office, and the vesting in such person of any trust property:

(8) respecting the classes of trusts in which officials of the court are not to be judicial trustees, or are to be so temporarily or conditionally:

(9) respecting the procedure to be followed where the judicial

trustee is executor or administrator: »

(10) for preventing the employment by judicial trustees of other persons at the expense of the trust, except in cases of strict necessity:

(11) for the filing and auditing of the accounts of any trust of which a judicial trustee has been appointed.

(2.) The rules under this Act may be made by the Lord Chancellor, subject to the consent of the Treasury in matters relating to fees and to salaries and numbers of officers, and to the consent of 44 & 45 Vict. the authority for making orders under the Solicitors Remuneration c-44- Act, 1881, in matters relating to the remuneration of solicitors.

, The rules shall be laid before Parliament and have the same force

as if enacted in this Act, provided that if, within thirty days after such rules have been laid before either House of Parliament during which that House has sat, the House presents to Her Majesty an address against such rules or any of them, such rules or the rule specified in the address shall thenceforward be of no effect

Definitions. 5. In this Act —

The expression "official of the court" means the holder of such paid office in or connected with the court as may be prescribed.

The expression "prescribed" means prescribed by rules under this Act.

Short title, ex- g. — (].) This may be cited as the Judicial Trustees Aofc,

t.pt, aad com- lg9<; menoemem __

of Act. (2.) This Act shall not extend to any charily, whether subject to

or exempted from the Charitable Trusts Acts, 1853 to 1894.

1896.

Judicial Trustees Act, 1896. Ch. 35. 36.

348

(3.) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland.

(4.) This Act, except as by this Act otherwise provided, shall oeroe into operation on the first day of May, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven.

CHAPTER 36.

An Act to amend the Law with respect to the Use of Locomotives on Highways.

[14th August 1896.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) The enactments mentioned in the schedule to this Act, Exemption and any other enactment restricting the use of locomotives on of light highways and contained in any public general or local and personal Act in force at the passing of this Act, shall not apply to any statutory vehicle propelled by mechanical power if it is under three tons in provisions, weight unladen, and is not used for the purpose of drawing more than one vehicle (such vehicle with its locomotive not to exceed in weight unladen four tons), and is so constructed that no smoke or visible vapour is emitted therefrom except from any temporary , joraccidental cause; and vehicles so exempted, whether locomotives or drawn by locomotives, are in this Act referred to as light locomotives.

Provided that —

(a) the council of any county or county borough shall have power to make byelaws preventing or restricting the use of such locomotives upon any bridge within their area, where such council are satisfied that such use would be attended with damnge to the bridge or danger to the public:

(b) a light locomotive shall be deemed to be a carriage within the meaning of any Act of Parliament, whether public general or local, and of any rule, regulation, or byelaw, made under any Act of Parliament, and, if used as a carriage of any particular class, shall be deemed to be a carriage of that class, and the law relating to carriages of that class shall apply accordingly.

(2.) In calculating for the purposes of this Act the weight of a vehicle unladen, the weight of any water, fuel, or accumulators, used for the purpose of propulsion, shall not be included.

2.

hour

shall carry attached thereto a lamp so constructed and placed as to exhibit a light in accordance with the regulations to I e made by the Local Government Board.

3. Every light locomotive shall carry a bell or other instrument Locomotives capable of giving audible and sufficient warning of the approach or *

position of the carriage.

During the period between one hour after sunset and one Regulations before sunrise, the person in charge of a light locomotive *910 lighto *

344

Ch. 36.

Locomotives on Highways Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

Bate of speed.

Use of

petroleum, &c.

84 ASS Vict. c. 106.

42 & 48 Vict. c. 47.

44 & 48 Vict. C. 87.

Local

Government Board regulations.

Penalties.

Excise duty on certain locomotives.

51 & 58 Vict. c. 8.

51 & 58 Vict. c. 41.

58 & 54 Vict. c. 60.

Construction of wheels of locomotives on roads.

4. No light locomotive shall travel along a public highway at a greater speed than fourteen miles an hour, or than any less speed that may be prescribed by regulations of the Local Government Board.

5. The keeping and use of petroleum or of any other inflammable liquid or fuel for the purpose of light locomotives shall be subject to regulations made by a Secretary of State, and regulations so made shall have effect notwithstanding anything in the Petroleum Acts, 1871 to 1881.

6. — (1.) The Local Government Board may make regulations with respect to the use of light locomotives on highways, and their construction, and the conditions under which they may be used.

(2.) Regulations under this section may, if the Local Government Board deem it necessary, be of a local nature and limited in their application to a particular area, and may, on the application of any local authority, prohibit or restrict the use of locomotives for purposes of traction in crowded streets, or in other places where such use may be attended with danger to the public.

All regulations under this section shall have full effect notwithstanding anything in any other Act, whether general or local, or any byelaws or regulations made thereunder.

Every regulation purporting to be made in pursuance of this section shall be forthwith laid before both Houses of Parliament

7. A breach of any byelaw or regulation made under this Act or of any provision of this Act, may, on summary conviction, be punished by a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

8. — (1.) On and after the first day of January next after the passing of this Act there shall be granted, charged, and paid in Great Britain for every light locomotive, which is liable to duty either as a carriage or as a hackney carriage under section four of the Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1888, an additional duty of excise at the following rate; namely, —

£ «. d.

If the weight of the locomotive exceeds one ton unladen, but does not exceed two tons unladen - - -220

If the weight of the locomotive exceeds two

tons unladen - - 3 3 0

(2.) Every such duty shall be paid together with the duty on the licence for the locomotive as a carnage or a hackney carriage, and shall in England be dealt with in manner directed with respect to duties on local taxation licences within the meaning of the Local Government Act, 1888; and in Scotland be paid into the Local Taxation (Scotland) Account, and be dealt with as part of the residue within the meaning of section two, sub-section (3), of the Local Taxation (Customs and Excise) Act, 1890.

0. The requirements of sub-section (4) of section twenty-eight of the Highways and Locomotives Amendment Act, 1878, may be from time to time varied by order of the Local Government Board.

1896.

Locomotives on Highways, 1896. Ch. 36, 37.

345

10. In the application of this Act to Scotland a reference to Application the Secretary for Scotland shall be substituted for a reference to to Scotland-the Local Government Board, a reference to the road authority

of any county or burgh for a reference to the council of a county or county borough, and a reference to sub-section (4) of section three of the Locomotives Amendment (Scotland) Act, 1878, for a 4i 42 Vict. reference to sub-section (4) of section twenty-eight of the High- 58* ways and Locomotives Amendment Act, 1878.

11. In the application of this Act to Ireland a reference to Application the Local Government Board for Ireland shall be substituted for a to Ireland* reference to the Local Government Board, and a reference to the council of a county shall be construed in an urban sanitary district

under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, as a reference to the 41 & 42 Vict. urban sanitary authority, and elsewhere as a reference to the grand c' 52‘ jury.

13. This Act may be cited as the Locomotives on Highways Act, short title 1896, and shall come into operation on the expiration of three ^e^£ommence months from the passing thereof.

SCHEDULE.

Enactments which ake not to apply to Light Locomotives.

The Locomotives Act, 1861 (24 & 25 Vict. c. 70.) except so much of section one as relates to tolls on locoinotives, and sections seven and thirteen. Section forty one of the Thames Embankment Act, 1862 (25 & 26 Vict. c. 93.)

The Locomotives Act, 1865 (28 & 29 Vict. c. 83.)

The Locomotives Amendment (Scotland) Act, 1878 (41 & 42 Vict. c. 58.) Part II. of the Highways and Locomotives (Amendment) Act, 1878 (41 A42 Vict. c. 77.)

Section six of the Public Health (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1879 (42 A43 Vict. c. 57.)

CHAPTER 37.

An Act to amend the Law with respect to the Classification of Lands and Heritages for purposes of Rating in Scotland, for the Relief of the Occupiers of Agricultural Lands and Heritages, for the creation of a Fund for the Improvement of Congested Districts in the Highlands and Islands, and for Relief from the Payment of the Land Tax in Burghs in Scotland.

[14th August 1896.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

346

Classification of agricultural lands and heritages for purposes of occupiers' rates.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 83.

Ascertainment of basis of distribution of grant in respect of reduction of occupiers' rates on agricultural lands and

Ch. 37. Agricultural Ra, Congested 59 & 60 Vict.

Districts, and Burgh Land Tax Relief (Scotland), 1896.

1. As from the fifteenth day of May next after the passing of this Act, and during the continuance thereof, the annual value of all agricultural lands and heritages in Scotland —

(1) shall for the purpose of the occupiers' consolidated rate leviable by county councils, including the portion thereof leviable under the Public Health (Scotland) Acts, be held to be the nearest aggregate sum of pounds sterling to three-eighths of the annual value thereof as appearing on the valuation roll; and

(2) shall for the purpose of the occupiers' share of the poor rate, the school rate, and the other rates leviable by parish councils, be held to be the nearest aggregate sum of pounds sterling to three-eighths of the annual value thereof as appearing on the valuation roll, subject to the deductions in pursuance of section thirty-seven of the Poor Law (Scotland) Act, 1845.

Provided that where lands and heritages are classified in terms of section thirty-six of the Poor Law (Scotland) Act, 1845, if it shall be certified by the Secretary for Scotland that the rates leviable on the occupiers of agricultural lands and heritages in pursuance of the classification are less than, or as nearly as may be the same as, the rates which would without classification be leviable on such occupiers in terms of this Act, such classification (herein-after termed a certified classification) shall have effect, and sub-section (2) shall not apply.

The expression "agricultural lands and heritages" means any lands and heritages used for agricultural or pastoral purposes only, or as market gardens, orchards, or allotments, but does not include woodlands or land occupied together with a house as a park, garden, or pleasure ground, or any land kept or preserved mainly or exclusively for sporting purposes. Provided that if any question shall arise as to the lands and heritages falling within the foregoing definition it shall be determined summarily by the sheriff *, whose decision shall be final.

The expression "parish council " includes school board where a school rate is levied directly by a school board.

2. — (1.) The Secretary for Scotland shall ascertain and certify the amount which is to be taken as having been raised during the local financial year ending the fifteenth day of May, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six, by each rating authority by each rate to which this Act applies, and the portion of such amount which represents the occupiers' share of such rate in each rateable area.

(2.) The Secretarj* for Scotland shall ascertain and certify the valuation of each rateable area to which this Act applies for the said year, and the poition of such valuation which represents the valuation of agricultural lands and heritages.

(3.) That part of the occupiers' share of each rate whieb represents the proportion borne by the valuation of agricultural lands and heritages in the rateable area to the whole valuation of the rateable area shall to the extent of fiv^-eighths thereof, ascertained and certified by the Secretary for Scotland, bo the amount regulating

1896. Agricultural Rates, Congested Ch. 37.

Districts, and Burgh Land Tax Relief (Scotland) Act, 1896.

847

the distribution of the balance of mmeys herein-after mentioned in respect of that rate.

(4.) The Secretary for Scotland may in case of error amend, or for the purpose of meeting any alteration iu an area or authority to which a certificate relates may vary, a certificate under this Act, and any such amendment or variation shall have effect from the date of the original certificate, or any later date fixed by the said Secretary, but, save as in this section provided, a certificate shall be final and binding on all persons.

3. — (1.) During the continuance of this Act, the Commissioners Payment to of Inland Revenue, in such manner, by such payments, and under

such regulations as the Treasury may direct, shall pay to the Local (Scotland) Taxation (Scotland) Account, out of the proceeds of the estate duty Account, derived in Scotland from personal property, such sums as may be ascertained by the Treasury to be equal to eleven eightieth parts of the sums payable under the Agricultural Rates Act, 1896, to) the jj9* 60 Vict* Local Taxation Account therein mentioned. c '

(2.) The first payment under this section shall be made during the six months ending on the thirty-first day of March next after the passing of this Act, so as to make up a half-yearly payment to meet the payments out of the Local Taxation (Scotland) Account which may be made during the six ensuing months.

4. The sums paid to the Local Taxation (Scotland) Account Application

under this Act in respect of any financial year shall be applied i^Jeut by or under the direction of the Secretary for Scotland in manner Taxation following (that is to say):— (Scotland)

(1.) Iu paying to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue the A'ccoant‘ sums payable during that year for land tax by royal burghs and burghs of barony or regality in Scotland; and in paying to any burgh a sum equal to the annual amount of the la#id tax redeemed by such burgh; and

(2.) In transferring to an authority to be hereafter determined by Act of Parliament the stun c0 11 1 '

Islands of Scotland, such sum to

in the said Act, and until so applied to remain to the credit of the Local Taxation (Scotland) Account; and (3.) In distributing the balance among county councils and parish councils in Scotland in proportion to the amounts ' ascertained and certified as herein-before provided for the purpose of regulating such distribution.

(4.) Every sum paid or payable under this Act out of the Local Taxation (Scotland) Account to any authority in respect of any rate shall for all purposes be deemed to have been raised or to be raiseable from occupiers by the said rate.

5. As from the fifteenth day of May next after the passing of Certain this Act, and during the continuance thereof, section thirty-six enactment, of the Poor Law (Scotland)1 Act, 1845, the Poor Law (Scotland)

CSo. 2) Act, 1861, and all enactments which require assessments during leviable by county councils under the Public Health (Scotland)

the improvement of congested

348

8 & 9 Vict. c. 63.

24 & 25 Vict c. 87.

As to holdings in crofting parishes.

[Short title.]

[Continuance of Act.]

59 Vict. c. 6.

Issue of money out of Consolidated Fund for purposes of Act

Borrowing for purposes of Act and

Ch. 37, 38. Agricultural Rates, Congested 59 & 69 Vict.

Districts, and Burgh Land TaxmRelief (Scotland) Act, 1896.

Acts to be levied in like manner as the assessment for the relief of the poor, and all classifications other than certified classifications and all established usages under the provisions of section thirty-five of the Poor Law (Scotland) Act, 1845, shall have no force or effect.

Provided that, notwithstanding the provisions of this Act, a parish council shall have power (1) to alter any classification so far as necessary to enable it to become a certified classification, or (2) to abandon any certified classification.

6. In the case of any holding in a crofting parish, the Crofters Commission in fixing a fair rent for such holding shall not be entitled to take into account the relief effected by this Act from a proportion of the consolidated rate, poor rate, and other rates before mentioned.

7. This Act may be cited as the Agricultural Rates, Congested Districts, and Burgh Land Tax Relief (Scotland) Act, 1896.

ft 8. This Act shall continue in force for five years after the thirty-first day of March next after the passing thereof, and no longer, unless continued by Parliament.

CHAPTER 38.

An Act to make provision for the Construction of a Railway in Africa, from Mombasa to the Victoria Nyanza, through the Protectorates of Zanzibar, British East Africa, and Uganda.

[14th August 1896.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide for the construction of a railway (in this Act called the Uganda Railway) from Mombasa on the east coast of Africa to the Victoria Nyanza through the protectorates of Zanzibar, British East Africa, and Uganda, at an estimated cost, exclusive of the expenditure authorised by the Appropriation Act, 1895, session two, of three million pounds:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) The Treasury shall issue out of the Consolidated Fond or the growing produce thereof such sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of three million pounds as may be required by a Secretary of State for defraying the costs of the construction of the Uganda Railway, whether incurred before or after the passing of this Act.

(2.) Before any money is issued under this section, the Secretary of State shall submit to the Treasury an estimate, with such details as may be required by them, of the expenditure and period for and within which it is proposed to expend that money.

2. — (1.) The Treasury may, if they think fit, at any time for the purpose of providing money for the issue of sums out of the

1896.

Uganda, Railway Act, 1896. Ch. 38, 39.

349

Consolidated Fund under this Act, or repaying to that fund all or any accounts and part of the sums so issued, borrow money by means of terminable audlt' annuities for such period not exceeding thirty years from the passing of this Act as the Treasury may fix, and all sums so borrowed shall be paid into the Exchequer.

(2.) The said annuities shall be paid out of the moneys annually provided by Parliament for the foreign and colonial services; and, if those moneys are insufficient, shall be charged on and paid out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof, but fib all not be payable as part of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt.

(3.) The Secretary of State shall in every financial year cause to be made out and laid before the House of Commons an account, in the form required by the Treasury, of the money expended and borrowed and the securities created under this Act, and the accounts of expenditure under this Act shall be audited and reported upon by the Comptroller and Auditor General as appropriation accounts in manner directed by the Exchequer and Audit Departments Act, 29 & ao Vict. 1866. c-

3. This Act may be cited as the Uganda Railway Act, 1896. Short titie-

CHAPTER 39.

An Act to continue various Expiring Laws.

[14th August 1896.]

* XX7 WHEREAS the Acts mentioned in Part I. of the Schedule to this Act are, in so far as they are in force and are temporary in their duration, limited to expire on the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six:

And whereas the Act mentioned in Part II. of the Schedule to this Act is, to the extent aforesaid, limited to expire on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven:

And whereas it is expedient to provide for the continuance as in this Act mentioned of those Acts, and of the enactments amending or affecting the same:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) The Acts mentioned in Part I. of the Schedule to this Continuance Act shall, to the extent specified in column three of that Schedule, be continued until the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seveD, and shall then expire, unless further continued.

(2.) The Act mentioned in Part II. of the Schedule to this Act shall, to the extent specified in column three of that Schedule, be continued until the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight, and shall then expire, unless further continued.

. (3.) Any unrepealed enactments amending or affecting the enactments continued by this Act shall, in so far as D^yd t^(£c

A a

[Short title.]

Ch. 89. Expiring Lam (hntinucunce 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

temporary in their duration, be continued in like manner, whether they are mentioned in the Schedule to this Act or not.

2. This Act may be cited as the Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1896.

SCHEDULE.

Part L

[Short Title.]

1. Session and Chapter. 2. 8. How far continued. 4. Amending Acts.

5 tc 6^31. 4. The Linen Manufactures ! The whole Act 8 & 4 Vict. c; 91.

c. 27. i (Ireland) Act, 1835. 1 i 5 & 6 Vict. c. 68. 7 & 8 Vict. c. 47. 30 & 81 Vict. c. 60.

(8)

3 & 4 Vict. c. 89. (8.) 4 & 5 Vict. c. 80. (4.) The Poor Rate Exemption Act, 1840. The whole Act. 1 1 ' 1

The Ordnance Surrey Act, 1841. The whole Act 88 Vict c. 13. 47 & 48 Vict. c. 43. 52 & 53 Vict. c. 30.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 98. (5.) The Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction Act, 1847. As to the provisions continued by 21 & 22 Vict. c. 50.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 32. The County Cess (Ireland) Act, 1848. The whole Act 20 & 21 Vict. c. 7.

(«.)

14 & 15 Vict. c. 104. The Episcopal and Capitular Estates Act, 1851. The whole Act 17 & 18 Victic. 116. 21 & 22 Vict. c. 94. 22 & 28 Vict. c. 46. 28 & 24 Vict. c. 124. 81 & 82 Vict. c. 114. B. 10.

(7.)

17 & 18 Vict. The Corrupt Practices So much as is 26 & 27 Vict. c. 29.

c 102. Prevention Act, 1854. continued by the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. S.6. 31 & 32 Vict. c. 125. 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

(8.) ,

23 & 24 Vict. c. 19. The Labourers (Ireland) 1 Act, 1860. The whole Act. -

/*N 6

24 & 25 Vict. The Salmon Fishery Act, As to the ap- 49 & 50 Vict. c. 39.

c. 109. 1861. pointment of inspectors, s. 81. s. 3. 55 & 56 Vic *, c. 50.

(10.)

26 & 27 Vict. c. 105. (11.) . j The Promissory Notes ! Act, 1863. The whole Act 45 & 46 Vict. c. 61.

27 & 28 Vict., c. 20. | i The Promissory Notes | (Ireland) Act, 1864. The whole Act.

(12.) !

28 & 29 Vict.; The Militia (Ballot Sus- The whole Act 1 45 & 46 Vict. c. 49.

c. 46. pension) Act, 1865.

1896.

Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1896. Ch. 89.

351

[Short Title.]

1. Session and Chapter. 2. 1 8. How far continued. 4. Amending Acts.

(13.) 28 & 29 Vict. c. 83. The Locomotives Act, 1865. 1 I The whole Act 41 & 42 Vict c. 58. 41 & 42 Vict. c. 77 (Part II.)

(14.) 29 A SO Vict. C. 52. 1 The Prosecutions Expenses Act, 1866. j The whole Act. —

(15.) 81 & 32 Vict c. 125. (16.) 82 & 88 Vict. c. 21. 1 | The Parliamentary Elec-| tions Act, 1868. i The Corrupt Practices Commission Expenses Act, 1869. So much aa is continued by the Corrupt and Illegal 1 Practices Pre-l vention Act, 1888. The whole Act 42 & 43 Vict. c. 75. 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51. 34 & 35 Vict. c. 61.

(17) 88 & 84 Vict. c. 112. The Glebe Loan (Ireland) ! Act, 1870. The whole Act 84 & 35 Vict. c. 100. 41 Vict. c. 6.

(18.) 84 & 85 Vict. c. 87. The Sunday Observation Prosecution Act, 1871. The whole Act. —

(19.) 85 & 86 Vict. c. 38. (20.) 88 & 89 Vict. c. 84. The Ballot Act, 1872 - The Parliamentary Elections (Returning Officers) Act, 1875. The whole Act The whole Act i 45 & 46 Vict o. 50: (Municipal Elections). 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51. 8 82. 48 & 49 Vict. c. 2. 49 & 50 Vict. c. 57.

(21.) 39 & 40 Vict. c. 21. The Jurors Qualification (Ireland) Act, 1876. The whole Act 57 & 58 Vict. c. 49.

M P t* 'S The Parliamentary Elec- 1 tions. Returning Officers i Expenses (Scotland) | Act, 1878. The whole Act 48 & 49 Vict. c. 62. 49 & 50 Vict. c. 58. 54 & 55 Vict. c. 49.

(28.) 41 & 42 Vict. i c. 72. i The Sale of Liquors on Sunday (Ireland) Act, :1878. The whole Act. —

(24.) 43 Vict. c. 18. - | The Parliamentary Elections and Corrupt Practices Act, 1880. The whole Act 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

(25.) 48 & 44 Vict. 42. The Employers' Liability Act, 1860. | The whole Act.] —

1 Aa 2 (j

852

Ch. 39. Expiring Laws Continuance 1896. 59 & 60 Vict-

[Short Title.]

1. Session and Chapter. i i j 3. How far continued. 4. Amending Acts.

(26.) 44 & 45 Vict. c. 5. The Peace Preservation (Ireland) Act 1881. The whole Act 49 & 50 Vict. c. 24. 50 & 51 Vict. c. 20.

(27.) 45 & 46 Vict. c. 59. The Educational Endowments (Scotland) Act. 1882. 1 1 As to the powers of Her Majesty in Council and of the Scotch Education Department s. 47. —

(28.) 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51. The Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act 1883. The whole Act 58 & 59 Vict. c. 40.

(29.) 46 & 47 Vict. c. 60. The Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883. The whole Act 48 & 49 Vict c. 77. 49 & 50 Vict. c. 59. 54 & 55 Vict. c. 48. 54 & 65 Vict c. 71. 55 & 56 Vict c. 7.

(80.) 47 & 48 Vict. c. 70. The Municipal Elections (Corrupt and Illegal Practices) Act, 1884. The whole Act 56 & 57 Vict c. 73.

(31.) 49 & 50 Vict. C. 29. The Crofters Holdings (Scotland) Act 1886. As to the powers of the Commissioners for the enlargement of holdings, s. 22. 50 & 51 Vict c. 24. 51 & 52 Vict c. 63. 54 & 55 Vict c. 41.

i > /-N The Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1887. So much of section one as relates to the time within which applications under the section may be made. 51 & 52 Vict c. 13. 52 & 53 Vict c. 69. 58 & 54 Vict. c. 48.

(88.) 51 & 52 Vict c. 55. The Sand Grouse Protection Act, 1888. The whole Act. —

(<*) _ 52 & 53 Vict c. 40. The Welsh Intermediate Education Act, 1889. As to the powers of the joint education committee and the suspension of the powers of the Charity Commissioners. 58 & 54 Vict. c. 60.

A

1896.

Expiring Laws Continuance, 1896. Ca. 39, 40.

353

Part IL

[Short Title.]

1. Section a nd Chapter. 9. 8. How hr continued. 4. Amending Acts.

81 & 18 Vict c. 56. The Endowed Schools Act, 1869. As to the powers of waking schemes and as to the payment of the salaries of additional Charity Commissioners. 86 & 87 Vict c. 87. 87 & 88 Vict c. 87. 59 & 53 Vict c. 40.

CHAPTER 40.

An Act to provide for raising farther Money for the purpose of the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1892.

[14ith August 1896.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by the Telegraph Act, 1892, the Treasury are authorised to raise the sum of one million pounds for the purpose of the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1892, and to borrow that sum as in the said Act mentioned; and it is expedient to provide further money for the said purpose:

Now we, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, being desirous to make the said further provision, have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty the further sum of three hundred thousand pounds, to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund, for the purposes of the said Acts, and we have resolved that the said sum may be provided as herein-after mentioned, and we do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with- the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund, or the growing produce thereof, such sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of three hundred thousand pounds as may be required by the Postmaster General for the purposes of the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1892, and section one of the Telegraph Act, 1892, shall be construed as if one million three hundred thousand pounds were therein substituted for one million pounds.

2. This Act may be cited as the Telegraph (Money) Act, 1896, and together with the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1892, may be cited collectively as the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1896.

55 & 56 Vict. C. 59.

Grant of 800,000l. for telegraph purposes.

Short title#-

354

Ch. 41, 42.

59 & 60 Tic*.

Payment to lioeal Taxation (Ireland) Account of share of estate duty.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 60.

59 & 60 Vict.

«. 16.

Distribution of share of estate duty grant.

[Short title.]

[Continuance of Act.]

Grants for public works.

Local Taxat ion ()

Duty Act, 1896.

CHAPTER 41.

An Act for paying to the Local Taxation (Ireland) Account a Share or the Estate Duty.

[14th August 1896.]

BE it enacted by .'the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) During the continuance of this Act the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, in such manner, by such payments, and under such regulations as the Treasury may direct, shall pay to the Local Taxation (Ireland) Account, within the meaning of the Probate Duties (Scotland and Ireland) Act, 1888, out of the proceeds of the estate duty derived in Ireland from personal property such sums as may be ascertained by the Treasury to be equal to nine eightieth parts of the sum payable under the Agricultural Land Rating Act, 1896, to the Local Taxation Account therein mentioned.

(2.) The first payment under this section shall be made during the six months ending on the thirty-first day of March next after the passing of this Act, so as to make up a half-yearly payment applicable during the six ensuing months.

2. All sums payable under this Act to the Local Taxation (Ireland) Account, shall be distributed in manner hereafter to be provided by Parliament.

3. This Act may be cited as the Local- Taxation (Ireland) Estate Duty Act, 1896.

4. This Act shall continue in force for five years from the thirty-first day of March next after the passing thereof, and no longer, unless continued by Parliament.

CHAPTER 42.

An Act to grant Moneys for the purpose of certain Local Loans, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans.

[14th August 1896.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) For the purpose of local loans there may be issued by the National Debt Commissioners the following sums, namely — (a.) For the purpose of loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds;

A

1896.

Public Works Loans Act* 189ft

Qtt, 42.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 16.

(6.) For the purpose of loans by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole eight hundred thousand pounds.

(2.) The sums so issued shall be issued during a period ending on the day on which a further Act granting money for the purposes of those loans comes into operation, and in accordance with the provisions of the National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887.

2. There shall be added to the works for the purpose of which Addition to the Public Works Loan Commissioners may lend in Great Britain JhSTpuWic under the Public Works Loans Act, 1875, the following works. Work* Loan namely, — Commissioners

Any work for which the council of a county, borough, district, or "a^ parish are authorised to borrow; °° *" v "

The construction or improvement of any canal;

Provided that where the repayment of a loan for the construction or improvement of a canal is collaterally secured to the satisfaction of the Public Works Loan Commissioners, the rate of interest on the loan may be three-and-a-quarter per cent, per annum instead of the rate of four per cent, per annum authorised by the Public 55 & 56 Vict. Works Loans Act, 1892. c. 6i. s. 2.

ss & 39 Vict. c. 89.

3. Where under section twenty-seven of the Sea Fisheries

Regulation (Scotland) Act, 1895, the Fishery Board for Scotland, for construction with the consent of the Secretary for Scotland, apply to the Public or Koursm"1 Works Loan Commissioners for a loan on the security of the annual

grant under the Fisheries Act, 1824, or of any part thereof, the 6 0eo?4. c.e£42' Public Works Loan Commissioners may grant the loan on the some

terms as regards rate of interest and period for repayment as are applicable to loans to harbour authorities under the Harbours and j*23 Vict. c. 47. Passing Tolls, &c. Act, 1861.

4. Whereas it is expedient that the principal of the several local Certain debts loans specified in the schedule to this Act should, to the extent ^koned as specified in the last column of that schedule, not be reckoned as assets of assets of the local loans fund established under the National Debt loans and Local Loans Act, 1887: therefore the principal of the said *"n&‘ loans shall, to that extent, be written off from the assets of the local c> 16 lc ' loans fund, and the provisions of section fifteen of the said Act

shall, so far as applicable, apply thereto.

5. Whereas the property mortgaged as security for the loan Remission mentioned in Part II. of the schedule to this Act has been sold of loan to with the consent of the Treasury, and it is therefore expedient R*3^town that the debt due in respect of the principal sum outstanding on Company, account of that loan should be extinguished: therefore the said

debt (including all claims for interest in respect thereof) shall be extinguished, and the amount thereof shall be deemed to be a free grant from Parliament.

[Short title.]

6. This Act may be cited as the Public Works Loans Act, 1896.

856

Ch. 42.

Public Works Loans Act, 1896. 59 60 Vict.

SCHEDULE.

Part I.

Loans by the Commissioners of Public Works, Ireland.

Amount to

Name of Borrower. Act authorising Advance. Amount advanced. Amount repaid or previously written off. be written off the Assets of the Local Loans

Fund.

£ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d.

James and John Landed Property Im- 100 0 0 8 19 6 96 0 0

Brien. provement (Ireland) Act, 1847 (10 Vict.

o. 83.).

Francis Fitzgerald Do. 150 0 0 17 0 10 182 19 2

J.P.Hanlj - Do. 300 0 0 17 13 4 182 6 8

A.B. Lloyd Do. 350 0 0 86 16 6 163 3 6

Do. Do. 150 0 0 48 18 11 101 1 1

S. J. Symes - Do. 400 0 0 44 1 10 855 18 2

Do. Do. - 100 0 0 9 18 6 90 6 G

Ellen Pigott -James McCandlese Do. 150 0 0 52 0 6 41 0 4

1- Do. 850 0 0 80 14 9 40 10 11

Michael Daly Do. 100 0 0 26 2 11 87 6 io

W. H. Nesbitt Do. 100 0 0 86 8 8 44 0 2

William Shanley Do. 180 0 0 8 I 4 85 O 10

T.Keily - Landed Property Im- 60 0 0 8 18 7 51 1 5

provement (Ireland) Act, 1847 (10 Vict.

c. 83.), and s. 19 of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881 (44 & 45 Vict. c. 49.).

John Keown Landlord and Tenant 418 0 0 207 6 9 204 13 3

(Ireland) Act, 1870 (88 & 84 Vict. c. 46.).

John Ross - - Land Law (Ireland) 100 0 0 9 7 9 90 IS 3

Act, 1881 (44 45 Vict. c. 49. s. 31.).

John Molony - Do. 44 0 0 IS 10 8 81 9 4

John Jones - - Do. - - 300 0 0 60 7 2 189 13 10

Do. - Do. 250 0 0 I 69 17 5 180 2 7

William Mahony - Do. 56 0 01 15 3 6 81 0 11

James Molcahy - Do. - -, 80 0 0 1 9 10 78 10 2

Mary Egan - - Do. - - 1 50 0 0 5 10 4 44 9 8

Margaret Troy - Do. - - | 50 0 0 1 17 8 48 2 4

John D. Mturphy - Do. - - i 72 0 0 16 2 9 56 17 3

James Byrne - Do. 50 0 0 12 10 7 37 9 5

Timothy Crawley John McManus - Do. 80 0 0 16 6 2 63 13 IO

- Do. - 80 0 0 1 18 8 18 1 4

Thomas Collins - Do. 50 0 0 4 6 7 45 13 3

Patrick O'Beime - The Drainage and Im- 342 11 2 81 18 6 310 17 8

provement of Lands Act (Ireland), 1868

(26 & 27 Vict. c. 88.). 1 799

Robert Steele - Do. | 845 0 2 45 1 0 19 S

i I Total - 8, 551 1 8

1896.

Public WorksLoans, 1896. Ch. 42, 43.

357

Part n.

Loams bt the Commissioners of Public Works, Ireland —

continued.

Name of Borrower. Act authorising Advance. 1 Amount advanced. 1 Amount realised by Sale of Undertaking. Amount to be written off the Assets of the Local Loans Fund and to be extinguished.

A d. A 9. d. £ 9. d.

The Draperatown Railway Company. 1 & 8 Will. 4. c. 88. - 15,000 0 0 8,000 0 0 18,000 0 0

Part III.

Loans by the Fishery Board for Scotland.

Loans to Fishermen under the Crofters' Holdings (Scotland) Ant, 1886 (49 & 50 Vict. o.29.).

District. Amount advanced. Amount repaid and realised by sale of Boats. Amount to be written oil the Assets of the Local Loans Fund.

£ 9. d. £ 9. d. £ a. d.

Wick 75 0 0 61 16 3 18 3 9

Stornoway 135 0 0 82 8 10 52 11 2

Total 65 14 11

CHAPTER 43.

An Act to amend the Coal Mines Regulation Act, 1887.

[14th August 1896.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (!) The power to propose, amend, and modify special rules special role *, for a mine under the Coal Mines Regulation Act, 1887 (in this Act 50 & 51 referred to as the principal Act), shall include powers with respect c. 58. to any of the following matters: —

(a) the nature and description of the lights or lamps to be used in the mine, and their custody and the mode of using and trimming them; and

358

Ch. 43.

Coal Mines Regulation Act, 1896. 59 & 60

Representation of workmen on arbitration.

Plan of mine in working.

Plan of abandoned mine.

(6) the description of explosives to be used in the mine, the mode of using and of storing such explosives, and of making and stemming holes, and the times at which and the maimer in which shots are to be fired in the mine; and

(c) the number or class of persons, if any, to be permitted to remain in the mine or any part thereof whilst shots are being fired; and

(d) the watering or efficient damping of the mine or any wap or places therein; and

(e) generally the precautions to be adopted for the prevention of accidents from inflammable gas and coal dust.

(2.) While any special rules made under this section are in force in any mine, any general rule contained in section forty-nine of the principal Act, and any special rule established under the principal Act, shall, if and so far as it is inconsistent with any special rules made under this section, be suspended in relation to that mine.

2. Where any matter in difference is referred to arbitration under the princi])al Act, a majority of the workmen employed in the mine to which the arbitration relates may, on giving such security, if any, as may appear to the arbitrators or umpire sufficient to provide for the costs occasioned by such representation, appoint any person to represent the workmen, or any class of them, on the arbitration, and any person so appointed shall be entitled to attend and take part in the proceedings of the arbitration to such extent and in such manner as the arbitrators or umpire may direct, and be subject to the same liability with respect to costs so occasioned as if he were a party to the arbitration.

3. The plan required to be kept in pursuance of section thirty-four of the principal Act shall show the position of the workings therein mentioned with regard to the surface, and the position, extension, and direction of every known fault or dislocation of the seam with its vertical throw.

4. — (1.) For sub-sections (1) and (2) of section thirty-eight of the principal Act shall be substituted the following subsections:—

" (1.) Where any mine or seam is abandoned, the person who is owner of the mine or seam at the time of its abandonment shall, within three months after the abandonment, send to a Secretary of State:

(i.) An accurate plan of the mine or seam, being either the original working plan or an accurate copy thereof made by a competent draughtsman, and showing —

(a) the boundaries of the workings of the mine or seam, including not only the working faces but also all headings in advance thereof, up to the time of the abandonment;

(b) the pillars of coal or other mineral remaining unworked;

1896.

Coal Mines Regulation, 1896.

, Ch. 43.

859

(c) the position, direction, and extent of every known fault or dislocation of the seam with its vertical throw;

(d) the position of the workings with regard to the surface boundary;

(e) the general direction and rate of dip of the strata; and

(f) a statement of the depth of the shaft from the surface to the seam abandoned; and (ii.) A section of the strata sunk through, or, if that is not reasonably practicable, a statement of the depth of the shaft with a section of the seam.

" Every such plan must be on a scale of not less than that of the Ordnance survey of twenty-five inches to the mile, or on the same scale as the plan used at the mine at the time of its abandonment, and its accuracy must be certified, so far as is reasonably practicable, by a surveyor or other person approved in that behalf by an inspector of mines.

" (2.) The plan and section shall be preserved under the care of the Secretary of State; but no person, except an inspector under this Act, shall be entitled without the consent of the owner of the mine or seam, or the licence of a Secretary of State, to see the plan when so sent until after the expiration of ten years from the time of the abandonment. Provided that such licence shall not be granted unless the Secretary of State is satisfied that the inspection of such plan is necessary in the interests of safety."

(2.) The High Court, or, in Scotland, the Court of Session, may, on application by or behalf of the Secretary of State, make an order requiring any person who has, for the time being, the custody or possession of any plan or section of an abandoned mine or seam to produce it to the Secretary of State for the purpose of inspection or copying.

5. — (1.) The inspection before t>he commencement of work Amendment

required by Rule 4 (i) contained in section forty-nine of the principal Act, shall extend to all working places in which work is temporarily stopped within any ventilating district in which the speotion, and men have to work. tamping.

(2.) A safety lamp shall not be used in any mine or part of a mine by any person employed therein unless it is provided by the owner of the mine, and no portion of any safety lamp shall be removed by any person from the mine while the lamp is in ordinary use.

(3.) In Rule 12 of the general rules contained in section forty-nine of the principal Act, for the words "nor shall coal or coal " dust be used for tamping " shall be substituted the words "and " only clay or other non-inflammable substances shall be used " for stemming, and shall be provided by the owner of the mine."

6. A Secretary of State on being satisfied that any explosive Provision as to is or is likely to become dangerous, may, by order, of which notice explosives, shall be given in such manner as he may direct, prohibit the use

360

Ch. 43, 44. Coal Mines Regulation Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

[Short title.]

57 & 58 Vict. c. 58.

thereof in any mine, or in any class of mines, either absolutely or subject to conditions, and the provisions of the principal Act as to contraventions of general rules shall apply to contraventions of any such prohibitions.

7. This Act may be cited as the Coal Mines Regulation Act, 1896, and the principal Act and the Coal Mines (Check Weighers) Act, 1894, and this Act may be cited collectively as the Coal Mines Regulation Acts, 1887 to 1896.

i/WV/XA/WW

CHAPTER 44.

An Act to amend the Track Acts.

[14th August 1896.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Deductions or j — (I.) An employer shall not make any contract with any

rape^Tof fines workman for any deduction from the sum contracted to be paid by the employer to the workman, or for any payment to the employer by the workman, for or in respect of any fine, unless — (a) the terms of the contract are contained in a notice kept constantly affixed at such place or places open to the workmen and in such a position that it may be easily seen, read, and copied by any person whom it affects; or the contract is in writing, signed by the workman; and (6) the contract specified the acts or omissions in respect of which the fine may be imposed, and the amount of the fine or the particulars from which that amount may be ascertained; and

(c) the fine imposed under the contract is in respect of some act or omission which causes or is likely to cause damage or loss to the employer, or interruption or hindrance to his business; and

(d) the amount of the fine is fair and reasonable having regard to all the circumstances of the case.

(2.) An employer shall not make any such deduction or receive any such payment, unless —

(a) the deduction or payment is made in pursuance of, or in accordance with, such a contract as aforesaid; and

(b) particulars in writing showing the acts or omissions in respect of which the fine is imposed and the umount thereof are supplied to the workman on each occasion when a deduction or payment is made.

(3.) This section shall apply to the case of a shop assistant in like manner as it applies to the case of a workman.

Deductions or 2. — (1.) An employer shall not make any contract with any

j^pecT5m workman for any deduction from the sum contracted to be damaged goods, paid by the employer to the workman, or for any payment to the employer by the workman for or in respect of bad or negligent

361

1896.

Truck Act, 1896. Ch. 44.

work or injury to the materials or other property of the employer, unless —

(a) the terms of the contract are contained in a notice kept constantly affixed at such place or places open to the workmen and in such a position that it may be easily seen, read, and copied by any person whom it affects; or the contract is in writing, signed by the workman; and

(b) the deduction or payment to be made under the contract does not exceed the actual or estimated damage or loss occasioned to the employer by the act or omission of the workman, or of some person over whom he has control, or for whom he has by the contract agreed to be responsible; and

(c) the amount of the deduction or payment is fair and reasonable, having regard to all the circumstances of the case.

(2.) An employer shall not make any such deduction or receive any such payment unless —

(a) the deduction or payment is made in pursuance of, or in accordance with, such a contract as aforesaid; and

(b) particulars in writing showing the acts or omissions in respect of which the deduction or payment is made and the amount thereof are supplied to the workman on each occasion when a deduction or payment is made.

3. — (1.) An employer shall not make any contract with any Deduction* or workman for any deduction from the sum contracted to be paid payment* in by the employer to the workman, or for any payment to the employer by the workman for, or in respect of, the use or supply

of materials, tools or machines, standing room, light, heat, or for or in respect of any other thing to be done or provided by the employer in relation to the work or labour of the workman unless —

(a) the terms of the contract are contained in a notice kept constantly affixed at such place or places open to workmen, and in such a position that it may be easily Been, read, and copied by any person whom it affects:or the contract is in writing signed by the workman; and

(b) the sum to be paid or deducted under the contract in respect of materials, tools or machines, standing room, light, heat, or any other thing, does not exceed, in the case of materials or tools supplied to the workman, the actual or estimated cost thereof to the employer, or in the case of the use of machinery, light, heat, or any other thing in this section mentioned, a fair and reasonable rent or charge, having regard to all the circumstances of the case.

(2.) An employer shall not make any such deduction or receive any such payment unless —

(a) the deduction or payment is made in pursuance of, and in accordance with, such a contract as aforesaid; and

(b) particulars in writing showing the things in respect of which the deduction or payment is made and the amount thereof are supplied to the workman on each occasion when a deduction or payment is made.

4. If any employer enters into any contract contrary to this Penalty* Act, or makes any deduction or receives any payment contrary to

362

Ch. 44.

Truck Act, 1896.

69 & 60 Viciv

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 37.

Recovery of payments or

deductions.

this Act, he shall be guilty of an offence against the Truck Act, 1831, and shall be liable to the penalties imposed by section nine of that Act as if the offence were an offence in that section mentioned.

5. Any workman or shop assistant may recover any sum deducted by or paid to his employer contrary to this Act, provided that proceedings for such recovery are commenced within six months from the date of the deduction or payment sought to be recovered, and that where he has consented to or acquiesced in any such deduction or payment, he shall only recover the excess which has been deducted or paid over the amount, if any, which the court may find to have been fair and reasonable, having regard to all the circumstances of the case.

Production 6. — (1.) Every employer who has made any contract purporting

of contract. or intending to operate as a contract under this Act, shall, on demand in writing by one of Her Majesty's inspectors of factories or of mines, produce the contract or a true copy thereof at any convenient time and place to be named by the inspector, and the inspector shall be at liberty to take a copy of the same or of any part thereof, and the employer of any workman or shop assistant who is party to any such contract shall at the time of making the contract give the workman or shop assistant a copy of the contract or of the notice containing its terms.

(2.) A workman or shop assistant who is party to any such contract shall be entitled, on request, to obtain from his employer free of charge a copy of the contract or of the notice containing its terms.

(3.) Every employer who has made any contract purporting or intending to operate as a contract under section one of this Act shall keep a register of deductions or payments, and shall enter therein every deduction or payment for or in respect of any fine purporting to be made under any such contract, specifying the amount and the nature of the act or omission in respect of which the fine was imposed, and this register shall be at all times open to inspection by one of Her Majesty's Inspectors of Factories or of Mines.

(4.) If any person fails to comply with this section he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding forty shillings.

Exemption of 7. A contract entered into under the provisions of this Act shall STd.'r not te liable to stamp duty.

oontxactiand Nothing in this Act shall make lawful any contract or

p*SSentl" payment which is illegal under the Truck Acts, 1831 and 1887, or SSSSigAdL under the Hosiery Manufacture (Wages) Act, 1874, or affect the i*2win.4.0.87. provisions of the Coal Mines Regulation Act, 1887, or any amend-37 a m yjotl c. 48.' ing Act, with respect to persons employed in mines and paid w *5i Vict. c. 58. according to weight, or make lawful any deduction from payments made to those persons.

Power to 9. — (1.) The Secretary of State, if satisfied that the provisions

exempt from of this Act are unnecessary for the protection of the workmen STcT8 employed in any trade or business, or in any branch or department of any trade or business, either generally or within any specified

1896.

Truck Ac^-1896.

363

area, may by order under his hand grant an exemption from those provisions in respect of the persons engaged in that trade, business, branch or department, either generally or within that area.

(2.) The Secretary of State may at any time amend or revoke any such order.

(3.) Every order made under this section shall be laid as soon as may be before both Houses of Parliament, and if either House within the next forty days after the order has been so laid before that House resolves that the order ought to be annulled, the order shall, after the date of that resolution, be of no effect, without prejudice to the validity of anything done in the meantime under the order or to the making of a new order.

10. Sub-section two of section thirteen of the Truck Amendment PotiM of Act, 1887 (which relates to the duty of inspectors) shall apply in 1"8pector, \ the case of a laundry, and in the case of any place where work 51 v, ct is given out by the occupier of a factory or workshop, or by a contractor, or sub-contractor, in like manner as it applies in the

case of a factory.

11. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January Commence-

one thousand eight hundred and ninety seven. ment *

12. This Act may be cited as the Truck Act, 1896; and the Short title Truck Acts, 1831 and 1887, and this Act shall be construed together as one Act and may be cited collectively as the Truck

Acts, 1831 to 1896.

CHAPTER 45.

An Act for abolishing the Court of the Vice-Warden of the Stannaries.

[14th August 1896.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's roost Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) On the commencement of this Act the Court of the Abolition of Vice-Warden of the Stannaries shall cease to exist, except for the ^Warden'8 purpose of continuing and concluding proceedings pending in that u court at that date, and as from that date all jurisdiction and powers of the said court and its officers shall, except as aforesaid, be transferred to and vested in such of the county courts as the Lord Chancellor may by order direct, and be exercised subject to and in accordance with rules of court for regulating the procedure in county courts.

(2.) Provision may be made by order of the Lord Chancellor —

(a) for determining by, to, or before what officer, or in what office, may be done anything required to be done by, to, or before any officer or in any office of the said court of the Vice-Warden;

(b)for transferring to a county court any proceedings pending in the said court at the commencement of this Act;

(c) for determining the place of sitting for the exercise of any jurisdiction transferred by this Act;

364

Ch. 45. ~ Stannaries Court (Abolition) Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

Pensions and remuneration.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 48.

Explanation of references to Stannaries Court.

Reference] of certain disputes to arbitration.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 49.

Repeal.

[Commencement of Act.]

[Short title.]

(d) with respect to the use and disposal of any property which at the commencement of this Act is held for the use of the said court or of any officer of the said court, and of any room or building which at that date is appropriated for the use of the said court or of the Vice-Warden, officers, and suitors thereof; and

(e) with respect to the custody of any records which at that date are under the custody of the said court.

2. There shall be paid to the persons who are at the commencement of this Act the Vice-Warden and officers of the Court of the Vice-Warden of the Stannaries such pensions, and on such conditions, and out of such funds (including the funds mentioned in section twenty-nine of the Stannaries Act, 1887, and any other funds available for the purpose), as may be fixed by the Treasury with the concurrence of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales and Duke of Cornwall, regard being had to the date and form of appointment, and salary attached thereto, and to the nature and length of the services of those persons and to the amount and nature of the funds available for their pensions.

3. References in any unrepealed enactment to mines subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of the Vice-Warden of the Stannaries, or within the cognizance of the said Vice-Warden, shall be construed as applying to mines which would have been subject to the jurisdiction of the said court if it had not been abolished.

4. — (1.) In the event of any dispute arising between —

(a) any two or more mining companies; or

(b) any mining company and His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales and Duke of Cornwall, or any person having any estate or interest in the mine worked by or leased to that mining company;

a judge of a county court exercising the jurisdiction of the Stannaries Court may, on the application of any party to the dispute, order that the matter in dispute be tried before himself or before an arbitrator agreed on by the parties or an officer of the court, and the Arbitration Act, 1889, shall apply to any such reference.

(2.) For the purposes of this section the expression "mining company " shall mean any person or body of persons engaged in or formed for working mines within the stannaries.

5. The enactments described in the schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of that schedule.

Provided that nothing in this repeal shall affect any proceedings pending in the Court of the Vice-Warden of the Stannaries at the commencement of this Act, or any appeal from the said court pending at that date.

6. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven.

7. This Act may be cited as the Stannaries Court (Abolition) Act, 1896.

1896. Stannaries Court (Abolition) Act, 1896. Cfl. 45.

SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Title or

Extent of Repeal.

16 Chas. 1. c. 15.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 106. 2 8 Vict. c. 58.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 65.

11 12 Vict. c. 83.

18 *19 Vict. c. 32. 25 26 Vict. c. 89.

An Act against diverse Incroachments and Oppressions in the Stannaries Courts.

The Stannaries Act, 1836

The whole Act.

The whole Act except sections four, six, and seven.

The whole Act.

An Act to make farther provision for the administration of justice and for improving the practice and proceedings in the Courts of the Stannaries of Cornwall, and for the prevention of frauds by workmen employed in mines within theoounty of Cornwall.

An Act to enable the Council; Section forty, of His Royal Highness Albert I Edward, Prince of Wales, to 1 sell and exchange lands and enfranchise copyholds, parcel of the possessions of the Duchy or Cornwall, to purchase other lands, and for other purposes.

An Act to confirm the Awards of Assessionable Manors Commissioners, and for other purposes relating to the Ducnies of Cornwall and Lancaster.

An Act to amend and extend the jurisdiction of the Stannaries Court.

The Companies Act, 1862

Sections seven to eleven, and section thirteen.

32 33 Vict. c. 19.; The Stannaries Act, 1869 50 51 Vict. c. 43. The Stannaries Act, 1887

The whole Act, except sections one and thirty-one.

Section eighty-three, from "and the vice-warden" to end of section, sections one hundred and eight and one hundred and sixteen, section one hundred and twenty-four from " Provided' ' to the end of the section, and section one hundred and seventy-two.

Sections twenty-seven to thirty-three, and thirty-eight to forty-four.

Sections eight, twenty-eight, thirty, thirty-two, and thirty-three.

B b

Ch. 46,

Appropriation Act, 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

866

CHAPTER 46 *

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[14th August 1896.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Grant out of Consolidated Fund.

issue of 1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the

out of the* United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards

Consolidated making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of

Fund. the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand

eight hundred and ninety-seven, the sum of thirty-five million seven hundred and nine thousand eight hundred and forty-one pounds.

Power for ih« 2. The Treasury may borrow from any person, and the Bank of borrow? l° England may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said sum,

any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of thirty-five million seven hundred and nine thousand eight hundred and forty-one pounds, and the Treasury shall repay the moneys so borrowed, with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any moneys so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

Appropriation of Grants.

Appropriate n 3. All sums granted by this Act and the other Acta mentioned

of euma voted in Schedule (A.) annexed to this Act out of the said Consolidated

1896.

Appropriation, 1896. Ch. 46.

367

Fund towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty, for supply'ser-amounting, as appears by the said schedule, in the aggregate, to applted the sum of seventy-five million six hundred and eighty-seven as appropria-thousand and fourteen pounds are appropriated and shall be ttona in aid. deemed to have been appropriated as from the date of the passing of the first of the Acts mentioned in the said Schedule (A.) for the services and purposes expressed in Schedule (B.) annexed hereto.

The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed hereto, with the notes (if any) to such schedules, shall be deemed to be part of this Act in the same manner as if they had been contained in the body thereof.

In addition to the sums hereby granted out of the Consolidated Fund, there may be applied out of any money directed under section two of the Public Accounts and Charges Act, 1891, to be 55 Vict. applied as appropriations in aid of the grants for the services c. 24. and purposes specified in Schedule B. annexed hereto, the sums respectively set forth in the last column of the said schedule.

4. If a necessity arise for incurring expenditure not provided for Treasury may, in the sums appropriated to naval and military services by this Act, in certain case* and which it may be detrimental to the public service to postpone authoE"^' until provision can be made for it by Parliament in the usual expenditure course, each of the departments entrusted with the control over the unprovided said services shall forthwith make application in writing to the JJ£t5 tb aggre-Treasury for their authority to defray temporarily such expenditure gate grants for out of any surpluses which may have been or which may be the °ayy effected by the saving of expenditure upon votes within the same fortbearmy department, and in such application the department shall represent services

to the Treasury the circumstances which may render such addi- J^exce^ed

tional expenditure necessary, and thereupon the Treasury may e

authorise the expenditure unprovided for as aforesaid to be

temporarily defrayed out of any surpluses which may have been

or which may be effected as aforesaid upon votes within the same

department; and a statement showing all cases in which the naval

and military departments have obtained the sanction of the

Treasury to any expenditure not provided for in the respective

votes aforesaid, accompanied by copies of the representations

made to them by the said departments, shall be laid before the

House of Commons with the appropriation accounts of navy and

army services for the year, in order that such proceedings may be

submitted for the sanction of Parliament, and that provision may be

made for the deficiencies upon the several votes for the said services

in euch manner as Parliament may determine.

The Treasury shall not authorise any expenditure which may cause an excess upon the aggregate sums appropriated by this Act for naval services and for army services respectively.

5. Whereas the Treasury, under the powers vested in them sanction for by the Appropriation Act, 1894, have authorised expenditure not navy and provided for in the sums appropriated by the said Act to certain

votes for naval and military services for the year ended on the 95 unprovided

thirty-first d>iy of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety- for.

AI& 58 Vict 58 Vict.

Bb 2

I

Ch. 46.

Appropriation Act, 1896.

59 & 60 Tier.

Declaration required in certain oases before receipt of some appropriated.

[Short title.]

five to be temporarily defrayed out of surpluses effected by the saving of expenditure on other votes for naval and military services for the said year; viz.,

1st. A sum of two hundred and thirty-seven thousand two hundred and ninety-three pounds eight shillings and twopence (in part of three hundred and eighty-one thousand one hundred and nine pounds nine shillings and ninepence) for navy services out of the unexpended balances of certain votes, aided by sums realised in excess of the estimated appropriations in aid:

2nd. A sum of sixty-one thousand eight hundred and seventy-eight pounds five shillings and fourpence, for army services out of the unexpended balances of certain votes, aided by sums realised in excess of the estimated appropriations in aid:

It is enacted that the application of the said sums is hereby sanctioned.

6. A person shall not receive any part of a grant which may be made in pursuance of this Act for half-pay or army, navy, or civil non-effective services, until he has subscribed such declaration as may from time to time be prescribed by a warrant of the Treasury before one of the persons prescribed by such warrant.

Provided that, whenever any such payment is made at more frequent intervals than once in a quarter, the Treasury may dispense with the production of more than one decia'ation in respect of each quarter.

Any person who makes a declaration for the purpose of this section, knowing the same to be untrue in any material particular, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor.

7. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Appropriation Act, 1896.

ABSTRACT

OF

SCHEDULES (A.) and (B.) to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A)

Grants cut of the ConEolidnted Fund

- 75, 687, 014 0 0

1896.

Appropriation, 1896. Ch. 46.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Appropriation op Grants.

1895-96.

Part 1.

» 2. Army (Supplementary), 1895-

ii 3. Army (Ordnance Factories) Supplementary, 1895-96 -it4. Civil Services and Revenue Departments (Supplementary), 1895-96 -

Nav^ (Supplementary), 1895-

1896-97.

Part 5. Navy - .

" (Army (Ordnance Factories) -

M

9»

7.

8.

9.

10.

11.

12.

13.

Civil Services, Class I. - Ditto, Class II.

Ditto, Class III.

Ditto, Class IV.

Ditto, Class V.

Ditto, Class VI.

Ditto, Class VII.

Total Civil Sxbvices -

i» 14. Revenue Departments, &c. -Grand Total

Sums not < exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations Aid. in

£ r. d. £ «. d.

1, 100,000 0 0 -13,000 0 0 *

601, 300 0 0 70,000 0 0

100 0 0 240, 100 0 0

551, 266 0 0 5, 860 0 0

2, 252, 666 0 0 302, 960 0 0

21, 823,000 0 0 951, 318 0 0

18, 054, 800 0 0 2, 884, 178 0 0

100 0 0 2, 887, 900 0 0

1, 912, 852 0 0 59, 721 0 0

2, 131, 526 0 0 440, 280 0 0

3, 736, 033 0 0 710, 035 0 0

10, 502, 749 0 0 77, 135 0 0

763, 856 0 0 125, 688 0 0

730, 185 0 0 204 0 0

66, 491 0 0 6, 600 0 0

19, 843, 692 0 0 1, 419, 663 0 0

13, 712, 756 0 0 489, 490 0 0

75, 687, 014 0 0 8, 885, 509 0 0

SCHEDULE (A)

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund.

For the service of the year ended on the 31st March 1896 Under Act 59 Vict. c. 3.

For the service of the year ending 31st March 1897: — Under Act 59 Vict. c. 3.

Under Act 59 Vict. c. 7.

Under this Act ...

£ $. d.

T 2, 252, 666 0 0

- 10, 282, 300 0 0

- 27, 412, 207 0 0

- 35, 709, 841 0 0

Total ..... £75, 687, 014 0 0

Sched.

* Deficit.

370

Ch. 46.

Appropriation 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

Sched. ^B.) SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 1.

Part 1.

Navy

Supple-

mentary,

1895-96.

Navy Supplementary, 1895-96.

Sum granted to meet additional expenditure for Navy Services for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1896; viz.: —

Sohjbd. (B.) Part 2. Army Supplementary, 1895-96.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

8. Shipbuilding, Repairs, Maintenance, &o.

Sec. 1. — Personnel - 146, 600 —

Seo. 2. — Materiel - 444,000 -13,000 *

Sec. 3. — Contract Work 307,000 —

9. Naval Armaments - 202, 500 —

Total - 1, 100,000 1 — 13,000 *

SCHEDULE (B.> — Part 2.

Army Supplementary, 1895-96.

Sum granted to meet additional expenditure for Army Services for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1896; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

i Pay, &c. of the Army (General Staff, Regiments, i Reserve, and Departments) -Medical Establishment, Pay, &c. - - 1 Volunteer Corps, Pay, and Allowances - - I Transport and Remounts Provisions, Forage, and other Supplies -Clothing Establishments and Services Warlike and other Stores - ' 1 £ 8, 500 2, 600 496, 300 57.000 27.000 10.000 £ 70,000

Total - - 1 601, 300 i 70,000

* Deficit.

1896.

Appropriation, 1896

Ch. 46.

871

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 3.

Army (Ordnance Factories) (Supplementary), 1895-96.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grant. tions in Aid.

Supplementary Sum granted to meet Additional Expenditure for Army Ordnance Factories for the year ended 31st March 1896 £ i £

100 240, 100

SC HKD. (B.) Part 3. Army (Ordnance Factories), 1895-96.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 4. schkd. <b.)

Part 4.

Civil Services and Revenue Departments (Supplementary), Civil Services

1895-96. SX),

1895-96

Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted to defray the charges for the Services herein particularly mentioned for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1896; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

CIVIL SERVICES. Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Class I. ! . i -n i 1 £ £

Bates on Government Property

92,000 —

Class II.

Home Office -

Foreign Office -

Stationery Office and Printing

2, 800

2, 870

25,000

700

Class HI.

Supreme Court of Judicature County Courts -

Register House, Edinburgh -

l

I

2, 200 | —

10; 4, 690

1, 500; —

Class 1Y.

Public Education, England and Wales Scienoe and Art Department, United Kingdom Universities and Colleges, Great Britain London University -Public Education, Ireland -

150, 719 20,000 10,000 '

4

9, 281;

470

372

Ch. 43.

Appropriation, 1896.

59 & 60 VICT.

SCHED. (B.) Past 4.

Civil Services (Supple* mentary), 1895-90.

Bchxd. (B.) Past 5. Navy.

Sums not exceeding '

Sapply Grants. 1 Appropria-| dons in Aid.

Class V. Diplomatic and Consular Services Colonial Services, including South Africa -British East Africa -Treasury Chest - 1 £ 1 88, 366 | 17,000 20, 975 18, 725 1 £

Class VI.

Superannuation and Retired Allowances 7,000 —

Class VII. i I

Repayment to the Local Loans Fund Relief of Distress (Ireland; - 116, 557 5, 859 —

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS.

Inland Revenue - 7,000 i

Total, Civil Services and \ Revenue Departments / 551, 266 j 5, 860

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 5.

NAVY.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Navy Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in coarse of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1897 j viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

1 1 Supply Grants. I Appropria- tions in Aid.

No. 1. For wages, &c. to 93, 750 officers, seamen, and boys, coastguard, and Royal marines - £ 4, 419, 800 £ 116, 300

2. For the expense of victualling and clothing for the navy, including the cost of victualling establishments at home and abroad - - ! 1, 369, 600 1 i 1 430, 944

3. For medical services, including the cost of ! medical establishments at hopie and abroad | 156, 200 | 24, 182

1896,

Appropriation Act, 1896. Ch. 46.

373

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No. 4. For martial law, Ac., including the cost of naval prisons at home and abroad £ 10, 600 £ so

5. For educational services ... 81, 300 30, 278

6. For scientific services - . 63, 300 10, 880

j 7. For the expense of the royal naval reserve, ! reserve of retired officers, seamen and marine pensioners, and royal naval artillery volunteers ---- 229, 800 111

" 8. Beet. 1. For the expense of the personnel for shipbuilding, repairs, and maintenance, in-, eluding the cost of establishments of dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad J, Sect. 2. For the expense of the materiel for j shipbuilding, repairs, and maintenance, | including the cost of establishments of dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad, Sect. 3. For the expense of contract work for _ shipbuilding, repairs, &c. - 2.104.000 i 2.251.000 5.386.000 12, 915 136,000 37, 480

9. For naval armaments - 2, 543, 200 57, 655

10. For works, buildings, and repairs at home and abroad, including the cost of superintendence, purchase of sites, grants in aid, and other charges connected therewith 618, 400 6, 500

11. For miscellaneous effective services 189, 200 9, 546

12. For the expense of the Admiralty Office 236, 800 8, 760

13. For half-pay, reserved and retired pay to officers of the navy and marines 749,000 12, 258

14. For naval and marine pensions, gratuities, and compassionate allowances - 1, 030, 100 21, 990

15. For civil pensions and gratuities 324, 400 489

16. For the expense necessary to be provided for under the arrangement made between the Imperial and Australasian Governments for the protection of floating trade in Australasian waters ..... ! 1 60, 300 35,000

Total Navt Services . 1 | 21, 823,000 j 951, 318

374

Ch. 46.

Appropriation Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict 60 Vict.

Sched.'CF*) Paw 6.

Army.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Paet 6.

ARMY.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Abmt Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1897; viz.: —

Ho.

1. For the pay, allowances, and other charges of

Her Majesty's Army at home and abroad (exclusive of India), and of the general staff, regiments, and reserve (to a number not exceeding 80,000), and departments

2. For the medical establishments and cost of

medicines -

3. For the pay and allowances (exclusive of sup-

plies, clothing, Ac.) of the militia (to a number not exceeding 135, 355, including 30,000 militia reserve) ...

4. For the pay and miscellaneous charges of the

yeomanry cavalry -

5. For capitation grants and miscellaneous charges

of volunteer corps, including pay, Ac., of the permanent staff .....

6. For the expense of transport and remounts

7. For provisions, forage, and other supplies

8. For clothing establishments and services

9. For the supply and repair of warlike and other

stores -

10. For the Royal Engineer superintending staff,

and expenditure for Royal Engineer workB, buildings, and repairs at home and abroad

11. For establishments for military education

12. For miscellaneous effective services

IS. For the salaries and miscellaneous charges of the War Office .....

14. For retired pay, half-pay, and other non-

effective charges for officers and others

15. For Chelsea and Kilmainham hospitals, and the

in-pensioners thereof, for out-pensions, for the maintenance of lunatics for whom pensions are not drawn, and for gratuities awarded in commutation and in lieu of

pensions, ior rewarus ior meritorious services, for Victoria Cross pensions, and for pensions to the widows and children of warrant officers, exclusive of charges on India

16. For superannuation, compensation, and compassionate allowances, and gratuities -

Total Abxt Services

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. j Appropria- tioos in Aid. 1

l £ £

5, 862, 500 I 1, 174,000

294, 800 1, 300

1 548,000 18,000

73,000 10

624, 500 660, 200 2, 519, 900 858, 600 500 22,000 87, 800 389, 900

1 2, 133,000 303,000

1, 007, 700 119, 900 51, 400 59.400 56.400 6, 800

253, 500 j 50

1, 517, 200 ' 349, 127

1, 357, 800 471, 220

172, 800 171

18, 054, 800 2, 884, 178

Digil "

1896,

Appropriation Act, 1896. Ch. 46.

375

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Army (Ordnance Factories).

For the expense of the ordnance factories, the cost of productions of which is charged to the army, navy, and Indian and Colonial Governments - 100 2, 887, 900

Total Abmt Services (including Ordnaece \ Factories) - - £ J 18, 054, 900 5, 772, 078

Scheu. (B.) Pam 6. Army.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 7.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class I.

Schedule of Sums granted and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1897 i viz.: —

Sched. (B.)

Pam 7. Civil Service!. Class I.

No.

1. For expenditure in respect of royal palaces and

Marlborough House -

2. For the royal parks and pleasure gardens

3. For expenditure in respect of the Houses of

Parliament buildings -

4. For the extension of the Admiralty buildings -

5. For expenditure in respect of miscellaneous

legal buildings, viz. County Courts, Metro-

gjlitan Police Courts, and Sheriff Court ouses, Scotland -

6. For expenditure in respect of Art and Science buildings, Great Britain

7. For expenditure in respect of diplomatic and consular buildings, and for the maintenance of certain cemeteries abroad -

8. For the Customs, Inland Revenue, Post Office, and Post Office Telegraph buildings in Great Britain, including furniture, fuel, and sundry miscellaneous services ...

9. For expenditure in respect of sundry public buildings in Great Britain not provided for on other votes -

10. For the survey of the United Kingdom, and for minor services connected therewith

11. For maintaining certain harbours, lighthouses, &c. under the Board of Trade

12. For constructing a new harbour of refuge at Peterhead -

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

j 39,000 I .108,000 1 1, 145 j 5, 251

34, 900 25,000 405 1, 200

60, 500 3, 276

80, 400 17

29, 800 i 196 '

421, 400 ' 1 4, 105

! 202,000 | 12, 500

220, 210 1 | j 4, 900

48, 375 j 2, 625

23, 570 1

376

Ch. 46.

Appropriation Act, 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

Bcbxd. (B.) Past 7.

Civil Services. Class I.

Bcbxd. (B.)

Past 8. Civil Services. ClanIL

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. tions in Aid.

No. 18. For rates and contributions in lieu of rates, £ £

&c., in respect of Government property, and for rates on houses occupied by Representatives of Foreign Powers, and for salaries and expenses of the rating of Government property department - i 1 374, 853 i i I 17, 270

14. For the erection, repairs, and maintenance of public buildings in Ireland, for the maintenance of certain parks and public works, for drainage works on the River Shannon - 207, 341 6, 831

15. For payments under the Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883, and the Light Railways (Ireland) Acts, 1889 and 1893 1 87, 503 —

Total Civil Services, Class 1. - £ 1, 912, 852 59, 721

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 8.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class II.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1897; vis.: —

Sums n ot exceeding

No.

1. For salaries and expenses in the offices of the

House of Lords -

2. For salaries and expenses in the offices of the

House of Commons -

3. For salaries and expenses of the department of % Her Majesty's Treasury and subordinate

departments -

4. For salaries and expenses of the office of Her

Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department and subordinate offices -

5. For salaries and expenses of the department of

Her Majesty's Secretary of State for Foreign Adairs -

6. For salaries and expenses of the department of

Her Majesty's secretary of State for the Colonies, including a grant in aid of certain expenses connected with Emigration

7. For salaries and expenses of the department

of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council and for quarantine expenses -

Supply j Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

18, 668 21,000

i 33, 036 I 20,000

1 1 91,000 1 3, 136 j

! 116, 610 6, 700

73, 086 550

42, 400 —

13, 833 Vji

1896.

Appropriation, 189C.

Ch, 46.

377

No.

8. Tot salaries and expenses of the office of the

Committee of Privy Council for Trade, and subordinate departments ...

9. For a grant in aid of the Mercantile Marine

Fund -

10. For meeting the deficiency of income from fees,

Ac. for the requirements of the Board of Trade, under the Bankruptcy Acts, 1883 and 1890, and the Companies Winding-up Act, 1890 .....

11. For the salaries and expenses of the Board of

Agriculture, and for defraying the repayable expenses to be incurred in matters of Inclosure and Land Improvement and for paying certain grants in aid -

12. For salaries and expenses of the Charity Commission for England and Wales, including the Endowed Schools department -18. For salaries and expenses of the Civil Service Commission - - ...

14. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Comptroller and Auditor General

16. For salaries and expenses of the Registry of Friendly Societies -

16. For salaries and expenses of the Local Govern-

ment Board .....

17. For salaries and expenses of the office of the

Commissioners in Lunacy in England

18. For salaries and expenses of the Mint, including

the expenses of the coinage ...

19. For salaries and expenses of the National Debt

Office

20. For salaries and expenses of the Public Record

Office in England .....

21. For salaries and expenses of the establishment

under the Publio Works Loan Commissioners

22. For salaries and expenses of the department of

the Registrar General of Births, &o. in England .....

23. For stationery, printing, paper, binding, and

printed bocks, for the publio service, and for the salaries and expenses of the Stationery Office, and for sundry miscellaneous services, including the reports of Parliamentary Debates .....

24. For salaries and expenses of the office of Her

Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and of the office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

182, 542 5, 395

47, 500 —

15 141, 425

110, 529 7, 500

42, 869 —

39, 700 —

59, 974 3, 529

7, 500 —

176, 997 4, 300

14, 100 1, 119

52 74, 800

14, 500 2, 205

21, 918 —

7, COO 3, 290

40, 266 14, 500

555, 571 110, 655

20, 800 Cj(

Sched. (B.) Pa*t 8.

_ Civil Services. Class IL

378

Ch. 46.

Appropriation, 1896.

59 & 60 VICT.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 8. Sums not exceeding

Civil Services.

I Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No. 25. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and 1 Public Buildings - - | £ 58, 850 £

26. For Her Majesty's foreign and other secret services - 30,000 —

27. For salaries and expenses of the office of Her Majesty's Secretary for Scotland and sub-ordinate offices - -, 11, 850

28. For salaries and expenses of the Fishery Board for Scotland, and for grants in aid of piers or ' quays - 24, 666

29. For salaries and expenses of the Board of Lunacy . in Scotland - - - j 5, 573 440

30. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of BirthB, &c. in Scotland 5, 175 700

81. For salaries and expenses of the Local Govern- 1 ment Board for Scotland, and for expenses i under the Public Health Acts, Infectious . Diseases Notification Act, Vaccination Act, i Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889, and Burgh Police (Scotland) Act and Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1894 - - i 1 11, 591

32. For salaries and expenses of the household of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland 4, 771 —

83. For salaries and expenses of the offices of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of 1 Ireland, in Dublin and London, and sub- ' ordinate departments - 41, 991 336

34. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests for Ireland - 1, 881 38

35. For salaries and expenses of the Local Government Board in Ireland, including certain grants in aid of local taxation 138, 458 5, 392

86. For salaries and expenses of the Public Record Office in Ireland and of the Keeper of the State Papers in Dublin 5, 566

37. For salaries and expenses of the Office of Public Works in Ireland 36, 597 2, 500

88. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of Births, &c., and for expenses of collecting agricultural and other statistics in Ireland I; 15, 780 470

39. For salaries and expenses of the general valuation and boundary survey of Ireland - 1 12, 316 8, 800

Total Civil Services, Class II. - £ 2, 131, 526 440, 280

1896.

Appropriation, 1896. Ch. 46.

379

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 9. Sched. (B.)

Par* 0.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class III. Civil Services.

Claes III.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1897; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For the salaries of the law officers' department,

the salaries and expenses of the department of the Solicitor for the affairs of Her Majesty's Treasury, Queen's Proctor, and Director of Publio Prosecutions, the costs of prosecutions, and of other legal proceedings and of Parliamentary Agency -

2. For certain miscellaneous legal expenses

3. For such of the salaries and expenses of the

Supreme Court of Judicature as are not charged on the Consolidated Fond -

4. For salaries and expenses of the land

registry -

6. For salaries and expenses connected with the County Courts -

6. For salaries and expenses of the police courts

of London and Sheerness -

7. For the salaries of the Commissioner, and

Assistant Commissioners of the Metropolitan Police, and of the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District, the pay and expenses of officers of Metropolitan Police employed on special duties, and the salaries and expenses of the Inspectors of Constabulary -

8. For the expenses of the prisons in England,

Wales, and the Colonies -

9. For the expense of the maintenance of juvenile

offenders in reformatory, industrial, and day industrial schools in Great Britain, and of the Inspectors of Reformatories

10. For the maintenance of criminal lunatios in

Broadmoor Criminal Lunatic Asylum

11. For salaries and expenses of the Lord Advo-

cate's department and other law charges, and the salaries and expenses of the Courts of Law and Justico in Scotland -

12. For salaries and expenses of the offices in Her

Majesty's General Register House, Edinburgh

13. For the expenses of the Establishment of the i

Crofters' Commission -

14. For the expenses of the Prison Commissioners

for Scotland, and of the prisons under their control, including the maintenance of criminal | lunatics and the preparation of judicial i statistics - - -:

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

78, 182 41, 900 10, 650 12, 781

324, 534 56, 950

7, 763 —

25,000 425,000

4, 300 16, 669

54, 927 20

606, 290 16, 500

266, 746 21, 500

31, 943 965

95, 811 33, 200

39, 295 —

5, 795 —

82, 356 4, 200

380

Ch. 46.

Appropriation, 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

8cbkx>. (B.)

Pabx 9. CiTil Services, Class 111.

Sched. (B.)

Past 10. Civil Services. Class IV.

No.

15.

16.

17.

18.

19.

22.

23.

For the expenses of criminal prosecutions and other law charges in Ireland - For Bn ch of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature and of certain other legal departments in Ireland as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund - For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Irish Land Commission ... For the salaries, allowances, expenses, and pensions of various county court officers, divisional commissioners, and of magistrates in Ireland, and the expenses of revision For salaries and expenses of the Commissioner of Police, of the police courts and of the metropolitan police establishment of Dublin

For the expenses of the Gonerai Prisons Boar? in Ireland, and of the prisons under their control; and of the registration of habitual criminals -

For the expenses of reformatory and industrial schools in Ireland ..... For the maintenance of criminal lunatics in Dun drum flriminal Lunatic Asylum, Ireland

Total Civil SeevkIbs, Class III.

- £

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ 65, 825 £ 366

113, 656 2, 600

67, 258 15, 694

113, 700 1, 969

94, 298 1, 381, 992 51, 491 35, 160

115, 642 1 3, 500

112, 479 850

6, 341 —

3, 736, 033 710, 035

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 10.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class IV.

Schedule of Suns granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1897; viz.: —

No.

1. For public education in England and Wales,

including the expenses of the Education Office in London .....

2. For salaries and expenses of the Department of

Science and Art, and of the establishments connected therewith -8. For salaries and expenses of the British Museum, including the amount required for the Natural History Museum (including a supplementary sum of 6,0002.)

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. ! i J Appropria-! tions in Aid. i

* 1 ! £

7, 122, 213 —

754, 795, i 1 6,000

I 163, 784 1 6, 825

1893,

Appropriation, 1896. Ch. 46.

381

No.

4. For salaries and expenses and grant in aid of

the National Gallery -

5. For salaries and expenses of the National

Portrait Gallery .....

6. For sundry grants in aid of soientifio investiga-

tion, &c. in the United Kingdom

7. For grants in aid of the expenses of certain

Universities and Colleges in Great Britain and expenses under tho Welsh Intermediate Education Act, 1889 -

8. For salaries and expenses of the University of

London -

9. For publio education in Sootland (including a

supplementary sum of 4, 1252.)

10. For a grant to the Board of Trustees for manu-

factures in Scotland, in aid of the maintenance of the National Gallery, School of Art and Museum of Antiquities, Scotland -

11. For public education under the Commissioners

of National Education in Ireland (including a supplementary sum of 3, 3752.)

12. For the expenses of the Office of the Commissioners tor managing certain school endowments in Ireland .....

13. For salaries and expenses of the National Gallery

of Ireland -

14. For a grant in aid of the expenses of the Queen's

Colleges in Ireland .....

Total Civil Sxbvzcxs, Class IV.

Schsb. (B.) Sums not exceeding Past 10. Civil Service*.

Class IV.

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. tions in Aid.

13, 286 1, 050

4, 566 —

23, 154 —

102, 179 —

15 17, 020

1, 135, 922 —

3, 360 —

1, 166, 077 39, 500

1, 005 —

2, 443 —

4, 950 6, 740

10, 502, 749 77, 135

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 11. Sch«>.(B.)

CIVIL SERVICES. Class V. ortteJL

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums winch may be applied as Class V. appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the severed Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1897; viz.: —

Vo.

1. For expenses of Her Majesty's embassies and

missions abroad, and of consular establishments abroad, and other expenditure chargeable on the Consular Vote -

2. For a grant in aid of expenses connected with

the British Protectorate in Uganda and in Central and East Africa ...

Cc

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

437, 318 102, 688

144,000 —

(j

382

Ch. 46.

Appropriation Act, 1890.

59 & 60 Vict.

Scecsd. (B.)

Pam 11. Cml Services. Claw V.

Schko. (B.) Part 12. Civil Services. Claw VI.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. tions in Aid.

No, 3. For sundry colonial services, including certain £ £

grantB m aid, and expenses inoorred under the Pacific Islanders Protection Act, 1875, and certain charges connected with South Africa (including a supplementary sum of 27, 5502.) 67, 738

4. For a grant in aid of the revenue of the Island of Cyprus - 46,000

5. For the expenses in connexion with the suppression of the slave trade, and the maintenance of certain Liberated Africans 1, 700

6. For the subsidies to certain Telegraph Companies ---- 67, 100 23,000

Total Civil Services, Class V. - 763, 856 125, 688

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 12.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VL

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly* mentioned, which will come in coarse of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1897; viz.: —

No.

L For superannuation, retired, and compassionate allowances and gratuities under sundry Statutes, and for certain compassionate allowances and gratuities awarded by the Treasury and for the salaries of medical referees .....

2. For pensions to masters and seamen of the

merchant service, and to their widowB and children .....

3. For making good the deficiency arising from

payments for interest to trustees of Savings Banks and Friendly Societies

4. For miscellaneous, charitable, and other allow-

ances in Great Britain ...

5. For a grant in aid of the local cost of mainten-

ance of pauper lunatics in Ireland -

6. For hospitals and infirmaries and certain mis-

cellaneous, charitable, and other allowances in Ireland .....

Total Cim Services, Class VL

DigiflTSfir

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations in Aid.

541, 028

7, 100

31, 089

1, 822

131, 372

17, 774

730, 185

904

4#

204

1896.

Appropriation Act 1896. Ch. 46.

388

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 13.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VII.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Sxbvioes herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment daring the year ending on the 31st day of March 1897; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For salaries and other expenses (inolnding

certain grants in aid) of temporary commissions, committees, and special inquiries

2. For certain miscellaneous expenses

3. For grants in aid of expenditure upon certain

public works and for improved communications and other purposes within the Highlands and Islands of Scotland

4. For repayments to the Civil Contingencies Fund

of certain miscellaneous advances -

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

18, 740

3, 949 6, 600

36, 200

7, 602

Total Civil Services, Class VII. - j 66, 491 j 6, 600

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 14. REVENUE DEPARTMENTS, &c.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Revenue Departments, &c. herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1897; viz.

No.

1. For salaries and expenses of the Customs

Department -

2. For salaries and expenses of the Inland Revenue

Department -

3. For salaries and expenses of the Post Office

services, the expenses of Post Office savings banks, and Government annuities and insurances, and the collection of the Post Office revenue -

4. For the expense of the Post Office packet service 6. For salaries and working expenses of the Post

Office telegraph service ...

Total Revenue Departments - £

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ 863, 712 49, 438

1, 871, 036 15,000

7, 242, 120 726, 607 83, 780 200, 212

3, 009, 281 91, 060

13, 712, 76 6 439, 490

Soheo. (B.)

Part 13. Civil Services. Class VII.

SCHED. (B.) Part 14. Revenue Departments, &o.

Cc 2

384 Ch. 47. Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

CHAPTER 47.

An Act to further amend the Law relating to the Occupation and Ownership of Land in Ireland, and for other purposes relating thereto.

[14th August 1896.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

PjJtaL

PART I. Land Law. Fair Rents

Amendment as 1. — (1.) Where the court fix a fair rent for a holding, the court

to improve* shall ascertain and record in the form of a schedule, unless both "*" landlord and tenant shall otherwise request —

(a) the annual sum which should be the fair rent of the holding on the assumption that all improvements thereon were made or acquired by the landlord;

(b) the condition as to cultivation, deterioration, or otherwise of the holding and the buildings thereon;

(c) the improvements made wholly or partly by the tenant or at his cost, and with respect to each such improvement —

(i) the nature, character, and present capital value thereof, and the increased letting value due thereto;

(ii) the date (so near as can be ascertained) at which the same was made; and

(iii) the deduction from the rent made on account thereof;

(d) the extent (if any) to which the landlord has paid or compensated the tenant in respect of each such improvement;

(e) the improvements made wholly or partly by or at the cost of, or acquired by, the landlord;

(f) such other matters in relation to the holding as may have been taken into account in fixing the fair rent thereof, or as may be prescribed; and

(g) the fair rent of the holding;

and the said schedule shall be in the form set out in the First Schedule to this Act, or in such other form as may be prescribed, and a certified copy of the record shall on the prescribed application be sent by post to each party, and the record shall be admissible in evidence on its mere production from the proper

1896. Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1896. Cfl. 47,

(2.) Nothing contained in the First Schedule to this Act shall affect the construction of any other portion of this Act.

(3.) No rent shall be allowed or made payable in respect of an improvement made by the tenaut on a holding by reason only of the work constituting such improvement not being suitable to the holding.

(4.) For the purpose of the Land Law Acts, as amended by this Act, a tenant shall be deemed to have been fully paid or compensated for every improvement made by him in pursuance of a contract entered into for valuable consideration.

(5.) For the purpose of the Land Law Acts, as amended by this Act, a tenant shall not be deemed to have been paid or compensated for any improvement not made in pursuance of a contract entered into for valuable consideration, except to the extent to which the court, having regard to all the circumstances of the case, are of opinion that valuable consideration has been given by the landlord in respect of the improvement.

(6.) A contract by a tenant not to claim, on quitting his holding, compensation for any improvement made by him shall not authorise the allowance of auy rent in respect of any improvement except to the extent to which the court, having regard to all the circumstances of the case, are of opinion that valuable consideration has been given by the landlord in respect of the entering into that contract.

(7.) Section four of the Landlord and Tenant (Ireland) Act, 1870, shall not authorise the allowance of any rent in respect of any improvement, provided that rent may be allowed in respect of an improvement made by the tenant, if made twenty years before the passing of the said Act, and nob being a permanent building or reclamation of waste land.

(8.) For the purpose of this section valuable consideration shall not be held to have been given by reason of the mere letting of the land on lease or otherwise, or the mere enjoyment by the tenant of any improvement where the rent of the holding was not fixed, reduced, abated, or, after the improvement was made, allowed to remain unaltered with the object of recouping the tenant for his expenditure of capital and labour in making the improvement, and in the case of an improvement made in pursuance of a contract entered into for valuable consideration, such object shall be implied where not expressed.

(9.) In assessing the fair rent of any holding no deduction shall be made, except such deductions as shall be specified and accounted for in the said schedule, and are in accordance with the provisions of the Land Law Acts.

(10.) Sub-sections (2) and (4) of section five of the Landlord and Tenant (Ireland) Act, 1870, and in the case of sales after the passing of the Landlord and Tenant (Ireland) Act, 1870, sub-section (1) of the same section shall not have effect in the case of applications to fix a fair rent.

385

Part I.

33 & 34 Vict.

0.46.

83 & 34 Vict 46.

886

Ch. 47.

Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

PxJtT I. Limitation of enactments prohibiting } resumption of holding during statutory term

Statutory term and beginning of judicial rent.

Judicial term incases of agreements.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 49.

2. Any enactment prohibiting the resumption of a holding or part of a holding until the expiration of the first statutory term in a tenancy shall not apply where the term began after the commencement of this Act, and either the land resumed is demesne land, or the holding is a town park for which a fair rent is fixed by virtue of this Act.

‘3. — (1.) On the expiration of a statutory term in a present tenancy the tenancy shall continue a present tenancy subject to the same rent and conditions (including the statutory conditions) as during the statutory term, until the tenancy is determined, or a new statutory term for the holding begins, and an application to fix a fair rent may be made at any time during such continuance of the tenancy; and no objection to such application shall be allowed which could have been but was not taken upon the application for a previous judicial rent, or being then taken was overruled.

(2.) Where the court on application fix a judicial rent for holding, the judicial rent and statutory term shall begin from the gale day next after the date of the application, or, if a preceding statutory term is then current, from any later gale day on which that statutory term expires.

(3.) The judicial rent fixed by order of the court for a holding shall, as from the gale day from which it begins, be the rent payable by the tenant of the holding; and where it differs from the previous rent, whether or not a judicial rent, then in respect of the period which may have elapsed since the gale day from - which . it began, the difference, if the judicial rent so fixed is higher than the previous rent, shall be paid by the tenant, and if the judicial rent so fixed is lower, may, if it has been actually paid by the tenant, be deducted from any rent subsequently payable by him, unless the judicial rent exceeds fifty pounds a year, in which case the difference may be deducted from any rent subsequently payable by him to the landlord to whom such difference has been paid, or to his personal representatives, or where the estate of such landlord has determined may be recovered from such landlord or his personal representatives. Provided that where the judicial rent does not exceed fifty pounds a year, the amount of any deduction made by the tenant may be recovered from the person to whom the difference was paid, or his personal representatives.

4. In the case of a tenant who applied to the court under section sixty of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881, on the first occasion on which it sat, to have a fair rent fixed, and who, since making that application, has signed an agreement under sub-section (6) of section eight of the said Act, the statutory term so created shall, where the judicial rent has been received as having accrued due from the gale day next after the day on which the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881, came into force, be held for the purpose of an application to fix a fair rent to date from that gale day.

1896.

Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1896. Ch. 47.

387

5. — (1.) The Land Law Acts, except section seven of the Land Part I. Law (Ireland) Act, 1881 (which amends the Landlord and Tenant Exclusion of (Ireland) Act, 1870, in respect of compensation for improvements), shall not apply to the following tenancies: — 0 , ng8 '

(a.) To a tenancy in any holding which is not substantially, either agricultural or pastoral in its character, or partly agricultural and partly pastoral, or the main object of the letting of which was for a residence:

(6.) To a tenancy in any holding which substantially consists of —

(i) land being or forming part of a home farm; or

(ii) land which when first demised was demesne, and which the provisions of the contract of tenancy, or the circumstances of the case, show was intended to be preserved as demesne or resumed as demesne by the landlord; or

(iii) land incorporated in a demesne by the tenant, and forming part of a demesne at the time the application to fix a fair rent is made:

(c.) To a tenancy in a holding (other than a holding let to be used wholly or mainly for a dairy farm) which is let to be used wholly or mainly for the purpose of pasture —

(i) if it is of the rateable value of upwards of one hundred pounds; or

(ii) if the tenactedoes not actually reside on the holding, or where the holding adjoins or is ordinarily used with another holding, then on the latter holding.

(2.) Where a distinct and substantive part of the property held under one demise is demesne land, or is not agricultural or pastoral in its character, or is an incorporeal hereditament, and the court consider that that part is not the substantial part of such property, the court may, if they are of opinion that, apart from the fixing of a fair rent, the separation of the property into two parts will not diminish the value of the landlord's interest therein, direct that that part shall thenceforth be, or, if it is an. incorporeal hereditament, be treated as, a separate holding, and shall, unless the tenancy has expired, be held at such rent during the continuance of the tenancy as the court determine to be the proper proportion of the rent reserved by the demise, and the court may fix a fair rent for the remainder of the property held under the demise, and the said Acts shall apply to that remainder as if it were a separate holding.

(3.) Where a holding is held by joint tenants or tenants in common, and such tenants have worked and occupied separate portions thereof, and the division of the holding was made prior to the passing of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1887, the court, on the so & 51 Vict. application of any joint tenant or tenant in common, may, if they c. 83. think that it is just, fix a fair rent upon the portion of the holding so separately occupied. Such order fixing a fair rent when made shall not have the effect of increasing the liability of the landlord for rate3 or taxes in respect of the holding, and such order shall not be made if the court are of opinion that the interests of

CH. 47.

Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1806. 59 & 60 VICT.

388

Part I.

Town parks. 50 & 51 Vict. c» 38.

Exclusion by subletting of bolding.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 83.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 49.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 49.

the landlord in the holding will be injuriously affected thereby otherwise than by the mere fixing of a fair rent.

(4.) Nothing in this section shall extend to any holding in respect of which a judicial rent has been fixed before the commencement of this Act.

0. In the construction of section nine of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1887, the word "agricultural " shall be construed to mean agricultural or pastoral, or partly agricultural and partly pastoral Provided that this section shall not eutitle a person to have a fair rent fixed who is not bona fide using the holding as an ordinary farm.

7. — (1.) For the purpose of the Land Law Acts, the tenant of a holding shall be deemed to be in bona fide occupation thereof notwithstanding —

(a) that any dwelling-house on the holdiilg, not being the dwelling in which the tenant for the time being resides, and not having been erected by the tenant in breach of his contract of tenancy or of a statutory condition, is sublet to or in the occupation of another person; or

(5) that any other part of the holding is, otherwise than in breach of the contract of tenancy or of a statutory condition, sublet to or in the occupation of another person, if in the estimation of the court a part not less than seven-eighths or thereabouts in value of the holding, excluding from such value the value of any buildings erected by the tenant, remains in the bona fide occupation of the tenant, and if the subletting was made before the passing of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1887, or if it was substantially in substitution for a letting existing at that date.

Provided that —

(i) for the purpose of the foregoing provisions of this section, ‘ a breach of the contract of tenancy shall not be deemed to have taken place if the landlord waived such breach; and

(ii) the foregoing provisions of this section shall not apply unless the court think it reasonable to entertain the application having regard to the acreage of the holding and to any other matter which they think should be taken into consideration, and the court may entertain the application notwithstanding that any such house or part of a holding is occupied by a person to whom it has been sublet in contravention of section two of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881.

(2.) The subletting of any such dwelling-house as is referred to in sub-section (1) (a) of this section during the continuance of a statutory term or after its expiration shall not be deemed to be a breach of any statutory condition, nor shall section two of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881, apply to any such subletting, whether made before or after the passing of this Act

(3.) Where a part of the property held under one demise is sublet, and the property was let to the tenant subject to the tenancy of some other person in the part sublet, the court may, in any case to which sub-section (1) of this section does not apply,

IL

1896.

Land Law (Ireland Act, 1896. Ch. 47.

389

direct that the part so sublet shall thenceforth be, or it it is an Part 1. incorporeal hereditament be treated as, a separate holding, and (unless the application to the court is made on the expiration of a lease) that the same shall be held during the continuance of the tenancy at such rent as the court determine to be the proper proportion of the rent reserved by the demise, and the court may fix a fair rent for the remainder of the property held under the demise, and the Land Law Acts as amended by this Act shall apply to that remainder, as if it were a separate holding;

Provided that if the landlord so elect, the court shall, in any case to which this sub-section applies, order that the tenant of the part so sublet shall be the tenant of such landlord as his immediate landlord.

8. Where any holding is held under a contract of tenancy, judicial rent empowering the landlord to resume the whole or any part thereof niay be fixed for the purpose of building or planting, a judicial rent may be fixed in respect thereof, without prejudice to the right of the land- resumption of lord to resume possession at any time for the bomt fide purposes holding by the aforesaid, upon the terms contained in the said contract of tenancy, lftnd, or<L or, if no terms are contained therein, upon the terms that the rent of the holding be proportionately abated.

8. — (1.) Where on an application to fix the fair rent for a holding Turbary and it is proved to the court that the tenant of the holding by virtue of 0|ber profit *, his tenancy has by the permission of the landlord been accustomed "

to exercise any privilege over land belonging to the landlord, the P withholding of which privilege would materially diminish the value of the holding to the tenant, the landlord shall be required to elect whether he will or will not allow the tenant to exercise as of right during the statutory term, under the same restrictions and conditions as theretofore, or such other restrictions and conditions as. may be agreed on by the landlord and tenant, that which he previously exercised by permission, and if the landlord consents to so allow, such exercise shall be secured to the tenant by the order fixing the fair rent, and if the landlord refuses to so allow the fair rent shall be fixed having regard to such refusal.

(2.) Where an order securing the exercise of any such privilege is so made, the court, during the continuance of the statutory term, may, upon the application of the landlord or of any other tenant exercising the like privilege, restrain the tenant from exercising the privilege in any manner other than that authorised by the order or by any reasonable regulations of the landlord made in pursuance of the order. Provided that the court may remit the application for hearing to any sub-commission, which at the time the same is made is actually sitting or is about to sit in the district in which the holding is situate, which sub-commission shall have all the powers of the court to hear and determine the matter of the application and make an order thereon.

10. — Cl.) The Land Law Acts shall apply, and be deemed to have Letting# by always applied, in the case of tenancies created by a limited owner JbsoiJf, 1101 or by a mortgagor or mortgagee in possession, and the tenancies owner *, shall not be or be deemed to have been determined (except in the

1C

390

Ch* 47.

Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1396. 59 & 60 Vict.

Part I.

Tenancy not invalidated by reason of subletting by landlord.

Determination of estate of immediate landlord.

case of fraud or collusion or a letting at a gross undervalue) by the cesser of the interest or possession of such limited owner, mortgagor, or mortgagee, and the person entitled on such cesser to receive the rent of the holding shall stand in the relation of landlord to the tenant of the holding, and have the rights and be subject to the obligations of landlord accordingly.

(2.) Provided that where a fair rent has, after the passing of this Act, been fixed for the first time in the case of a tenancy to which this section applies, the person entitled on the said cesser to receive the rent of the holding may, within the prescribed time after becoming entitled to receive such rent, apply to the court in the prescribed manner, and the court, after giving such person and the tenant of the holding an opportunity of being heard, may proceed as follows: —

(a) if of opinion that by reason of a fine or premium having been paid the rent when judicially fixed was reduced, or that otherwise the fair rent 6xed was unreasonable, the court may vary the fair rqnt for the portion of the statutory term then remaining unexpired; and

(b) if of opinion that, by reason of any special circumstances not brought to the knowledge of the court on the hearing of the application to have a fair rent fixed, a fair rent ought not to have been fixed, the court shall declare that the said person and the tenant shall be in the same position as if this section had not been enacted.

(8.) This section shall not apply to a tenancy created by a limited owner in a holding the substantial part of which at the date of the letting was demesne land, where the mansion house is let with such demesne land, or the application of the Land Law Acts to the tenancy would materially diminish the value as a residence of the mansion house Bituate on and theretofore occupied with the demesne.

11, A contract of tenancy entered into, whether before or after the commencement of this Act, by a landlord in violation either of the Act of the seventh year of the reign of King George the Fourth, chapter twenty-nine, intituled " An Act to amend the law " of Ireland respecting the assignment and subletting of lands and " tenements, " or of an agreement against subletting in his lease, shall not as between him and the tenant holding unde* such contract be, or be deemed to have been, void or voidable, apd & superior landlord shall be deemed to have expressed a sufficient consent, in the manner ip which the consent is required by law to be expressed, to a subletting made in violation of such Act or agreement, unless within a reasonable time after the subletting came to the knowledge of himself, or his agent, he served on the lessee or sub-tenant notice of his dissent from the subletting, or instituted a proceeding against the lessee founded upon the said violation. 12

12. — (1.) WheTe a superior landlord recovers against an immediate landlord a judgment in ejectment for nonpayment of the rent of a holding, or of lands including a holding, the estate of the immediate

1890 *

Land Law (IreUmd, 1896. Ch. 47.

391

landlord shall be deemed to be determined within the*meaning of I.;

section fifteen of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881, without 44 & 45 Vict. prejudice to his right to redeem his interest, as if a decree for c'49' possession or a. writ of possession had been executed.

(2.) Unless the court before which the ejectment was brought certifies that the nonpayment was due to the nonpayment of rent by the tenant of the holding, such judgment shall not be executed against the tenant, and the tenancy of the holding shall not be affected, except that the superior landlord shall stand in the relation of immediate landlord to the tenant, and may proceed accordingly for the recovery of all rent due from the tenant to the immediate landlord, as if it had always been due to the superior landlord, but (except in the case of fraud or collusion or a letting at a gross undervalue) not for the recovery of the rent due to the superior from the immediate landlord. If the amount recovered by the superior landlord from the tenant equals or exceeds the amount due to him from the immediate landlord, the interest of the immediate landlord shall not be deemed to have been redeemed, but the superior landlord shall pay the excess to the immediate landlord, after deducting any amount due for costs.

13. Where the estate of the immediate landlord for the time Tenure in being is determined during the continuance of any tenancy from severalty, year to year, and two or more persons are entitled in severalty as superior landlords, each of such persons shall be deemed to be the immediate landlord to the tenant of the tenancy within the meaning of section fifteen of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881, in u & 45 Vict. respect*of the portion of the land to which he is entitled, and to & 49. have the rights and to be subject to the obligations of an immediate landlord as provided by the said section; and the Land Commission may, on application being made to them by any person interested other than the tenant, apportion the rent previously paid by the tenant between the different persons thenceforward entitled to the landlord's interest according to the value of the land held from each; and the tenancy shall thereupon be divided into two or more tenancies according to the portions of land to which each of such landlords is entitled: Provided that each of such tenancies shall continue to be subject to the same conditions in all respects (save as regards the amount of rent to be paid) as the previously existing tenancy was subject to under the immediate landlord prior to the determination of his estate.

14. The Redemption of Rent (Ireland) Act, 1891, shall be Amendment amended as follows:— c457.5£ to *

(a.) The provisions of the Land Law Acts and this Act with w lease* and respect to improvements shall apply, notwithstanding that the feefrrmgnats, lessee or grantee would not, on quitting his holding, be entitled by reason of his being such lessee or grantee to claim com- pensation for improvements under the Landlord and Tenant 88 & 84 Vict.

(Ireland) Act, 1870: c. 46.

(6.) A person shall be a lessee or a grantee under a fee farm grant within the meaning of the said Acts, notwithstanding that the instrument under which he holds, though purporting

Ui

Part I.

Amendment of 50 & 51 Vict c. 88, s. 1. Ejectments for nonpayment of rent in case of holdings under Land Law Act*.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 154.

50 51 Vict. «. 88.

Provision for agreements by landlords and tenants in certain cases.

Ch. 47. Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

to create the relation of landlord and tenant, is dated before the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, and by reason of its date does not create the relation of landlord and tenant between him and the person to whom money is payable thereunder in respect of the holding, and that person shall be a lessor or grantor in like manner as if the instrument were executed on or after the above-mentioned day.

15. Applications under section one of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1887, may be made at any time.

16. In the case of any ejectment which shall be or has been brought for the nonpayment of the rent of a holding to which the Land Law Acts as amended by this Act apply, where the rent in arrear exceeds two years rent, the tenant may pay, tender, deposit, or lodge under sections sixty to seventy-one of the Landlord and Tenant Law Amendment Act (Ireland), 1860, the sum of two years rent instead of the sums therein respectively required to be paid, tendered, deposited, or lodged in respect of the rent and arrears, exclusive of costs, and upon such tender, payment, deposit, or lodgment the tenant shall be in the same position under those sections as if two years rent were the sum due for rent' up to the date of the commencement of the proceedings in the ejectment; and the balance of the rent due to that date shall be recoverable by the landlord as if the same were a debt due to him by the person legally liable therefor, but shall not be recovered by ejectment for nonpayment of rent or distress. Provided, however, that —

(1.) Nothing herein contained shall relieve the tenant from paying or undertaking to pay costs as provided by the said sections; and

(2.) That this section shall not apply to any proceeding in ejectment in which an order has been or shall be made under section thirty of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1887, nor to any arrears of rent the subject of any such order.

17. — (1.) The landlord and tenant of any holding may at any time (whether a statutory term is current in respect of the holding or not) agree in the prescribed manner, and subject to the prescribed rules and conditions, in regard to all or any of the matters following: —

(a) the consolidation of the holding with any other holding or portion of a holding or the making of any addition to the holding;

(b) the partition or division of the holding;

(c) the assignment or surrender of portion of the holding;

(d) the creation of a present tenancy in the holding;

(e) the abridgment of any statutory term in the holding; and

(f) the fair rent of the holding and the date at which the statutory term is to commence and the duration thereof.

(2.) Where any such agreement is made the tenancy in the holding shall (in the absence of a provision in the agreement to the contrary) as and from the date of the agreement be a present tenancy.

1806.

Land Law (Ireland 1896. Ch. 47.

893

(3.) Any such agreement on being filed in the prescribed manner Part I. with the Land Commission shall have the same effect and consequences in all respects as if the matters agreed to therein had been determined by the Land Commission, and the Land Commission had power to determine the same.

(4.) The said conditions shall, in the case of an agreement made by a limited owner or a mortgagor or mortgagee in possession, include such conditions as may be prescribed to protect the interests of the person entitled on the cesser of the interest or possession of such limited owner, mortgagor, or mortgagee.

18. Where, prior to the commencement of this Act, the landlord Tenancy to be

of a holding has consented that the tenancy in the holding should whSe lanSord be a present tenancy, or that the tenant should have the same has so con-rights as a present tenant, the tenancy shall be deemed to be a ented* present tenancy accordingly.

19. The alienation to one person only of a holding by way of Amendment as mortgage, or family settlement, or where marriage forms a portion ^tSemml^f0r of the consideration, or otherwise than for consideration in money holdings.

or money's worth, shall be a sale within the meaning of section one of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881, but the provisions of the 44 & *5 Vict. several regulations thereof other than regulation (6) shall not apply c'4!>* thereto.

20. The fifth sub-section of section eight of the Land Law

(Ireland) Act, 1881, is hereby repealed. 4 49 g. 8 /s).

Procedure.

21. On any application under the Land Law Acts, as amended Amendments by this Act, an order may be made by the court appointing some

person limited administrator of a deceased person for the purpose representation of such application, and such order may be made whether such of deceased deceased person did or did not die before the application, or make Person* a will which was not proved. It is hereby declared that the court had power, at any time since the passing of the Land Law (Ireland)

Act, 1881, to make such an order as in this section is mentioned. 22

22. Rules under section fifty of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, Ground of 1881, may provide that, subject to the qualifications (if any) con- 10 tained in those rules, every notice of appeal, under the Land Law

Acts, shall state the grounds of appeal, and on the hearing of the appeal no grounds of appeal shall, save by leave of the court, which shall not be given as of course, be entered into except those so stated. For the purpose of this section " appeal " includes " rehearing."

PART II Pa*t II.

Land Commission and Land Judge.

23. — (1.) The Lord Chancellor, the Land Judge of the Chancery Regulations Division of the High Court, and the Judicial Commissioner o^t^e JJ duti^o

Ch. 47.

Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

Part II. the LandJndge and the Judicial Commisnoner of the Irish Land Commission.

28 & 29 Vict.

0. 88a

54 & 55 Vict.

C. 66.

Land Commission, or any two of them (of whom the Lord Chancellor shall be one) may make rules for the following purposes, namely:—

(a.) To [enable the Land Judge to act as an additional Judicial Commissioner of the Land Commission —

(i) in any matter arising under the Land Purchase Acts as amended by this Act; or

(ii) in any appeal or rehearing under the Land Law Acts as amended by this Act;

(b. To enable the Judicial Commissioner of the Land Commission to exercise any jurisdiction, powers, and duties, so far as existing at the commencement of this Act,

(i) of the High Court or any judge thereof, either as successors of the Landed Estates Court and the judges thereof, or under the Record of Title (Ireland) Act, 1865, or the Local Registration of Title (Ireland) Act, 1891; and

(ii) of the Land Judge and of the Receiver Judge under any enactment conferring any jurisdiction upon either of such judges as such;

(c.) To enable the High Court to distribute the proceeds of any sale under the Land Purchase Acts, and to enable the Land Commission to cany into effect any sale under those Acts ordered by the High Court.

(2.) For carrying into effect any such rules, and exercising the jurisdiction, powers, and duties arising thereunder, the Land Judge shall be deemed to be an additional Judicial Commissioner of the Land Commission, and the Judicial Commissioner shall be deemed to be an additional Land Judge.

(3.) The Land Judge as respects officers of the Supreme Court who are attached to such judge, or otherwise employed in or about the execution of any such jurisdiction, powers, and duties as may under this section be exercised by the Judicial Commissioner, and the Judicial Commissioner, so far as respects the officers of the Land Commission, may direct those officers to perform such duties as he thinks fit under the Land Commission or under the Land Judge, as the case may be, and those officers shall perform those duties.

44 & 45 Vict. C. 49.

(4.) The Land Judge and the Judicial Land Commissioner may also make regulations for carrying into effect any rules made in pursuance of this section, and for the mutual relations between the Land Judge and the officers of the Supreme Court on the one side, and the Land Commission and their officers on the other, and in particular for the payment into the High Court of money to be distributed among the parties entitled thereto, and for the Land Commission carrying into effect any sales under the Land Purchase Acts ordered by the High Court.

(5.) Sub-sections (2) and (3) of section fifty of the Land Law* (Ireland) Act, 1881, shall apply to rules made under this section.

(6.) The first rules under this section shall be made as soon as practicable after the commencement of this Act.

by

1896.

Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1896. Ch. 47.

395

(7.) Such rules shall provide that the Court of the Land Commission in Dublin shall, when hearing appeals or rehearing cases, or hearing such other matters as may be prescribed, be held at the Four Courts, Dublin.

24. The Lord Chancellor may nominate any judge of the High Court with his consent to act, for the time specified by the Lord Chancellor, a? an additional Land Judge for the purposes of the Record of Title (Ireland) Act, 1865, and the Local Registration of Title (Ireland) Act, 1891, and the judge so nominated shall have during that time the jurisdiction of the Land Judge for those purposes.

Power to nominate judge to act as additional Land Judge for purposes of 28 & 29 Vict. c. 88.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 66.

PART III. Past ILL

Land Puhchase.

25. — (1.) In the case of every advance under the Land Purchase Alteration of Acts made after the commencement of this Act the purchase ?awaLg annuity shall be calculated and payable — purchase

(a) during the first decade of the annuity, upon the total annuit7* advance; and

(b) during the second and third decides, upon the portion of the advance which is ascertained, as provided by this section, to be unpaid at the end of the previous decade; and

(c) after the end of the third decade, upon the portion of the advance which is ascertained, as provided by this section, to be then unpaid,

and shall continue to be paid until the whole advance is ascertained as provided by this section to have been repaid.

(2.) The Land Commission shall, in accordance with such rules as the Treasury may make —

(a) at the end of each of the said decades ascertain how much of the advance has been repaid by means of the accumulation during the decade of that portion of the purchase annuity which represents repayment of capital, and the residue of the advance shall be the unpaid amount upon which the subsequent annuity is to be calculated and paid; and

(b) ascertain when the whole advance has been repaid by means of the accumulation of that portion of the purchase annuity which represents repayment of capital.

(3.) If the proprietor of a holding charged with an annuity applies to the Land Commission within the prescribed time and in the prescribed manner, prior to the end of each of the said decades, that the annuity during the next decade shall not be reduced under this section, no alteration of the annuity shall then be made.

(4.) The amount of the annuity, when re-calculated as provided by this section, shall be certified by the Land Commission, and that certificate shall be conclusive for all purposes, and shall be sent by them for registration to the registration authority under the Local 54 & 55 Vict. Registration of Title (Ireland) Act-, 1891. d by

396

Ch. 47.

Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

Put 111.

Application of part of Act to Annuities under 32 & 33 Vict. c. 42.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 42.

Abolition of county percentage.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 48.

Abolition of purchasers insurance money.

.64 & 55 Vict. c. C6.

(3.) The foregoing provisions of this section shall apply in the case of an annuity for any advance made under the Land Purchase Acts before the commencement of this Act, subject as follows: — (a.) Where more than ten years have elapsed since an annuity for the repayment of the advance began, the amount of the advance remaining unpaid shall be ascertained as at the end of the last completed decade since that beginning, and the reduction of the annuity in the current decade shall date from the gale day next alter the commencement of this Act:

(6.) In a case where purchaser's insurance money has been paid, the amount so paid, and not set off against arrears, shall be taken into account at the end of the first decade, as if it were a portion of the purchase annuity which represents repayment of capital; and the provisions with respect to setting off against arrears purchaser's insurance money so paid shall not apply after the end of such decade.

20. — (1.) The Land Commission, upon the application of any person liable to pay interest on any simple mortgage under section fifty-two of the Irish Church Act, 18C9, may, if they think fit, by order convert that mortgage into a mortgage to secure repayment of the principal of the mortgage debt then outstanding, with interest at the rate of three and one-eighth per centum per annum, by means of an annuity at the rate of four per centum per annum on the said principal, payable by half-yearly payments on the days fixed for the payment of the interest on the said mortgage, until the whole principal has been repaid, and such order shall be binding upon all persons interested, whether in the equity of redemption of such mortgage or otherwise.

(2.) The foregoing provisions with respect to the calculation of a purchase annuity may be applied by the Land Commission with the necessary modifications, to the calculation of the instalments of an annuity by means of which any mortgage debt is payable either under this section or otherwise under section fifty-two of the Irish Church Act, 1869, and the Acts amending the same.

27. The amount which under the Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1891, is required to be applied as county percentage shall, when received in respect of an instalment of the annuity falling due after the commencement of this Act, cease to be so applied and shall be paid to the National Debt Commissioners and applied as a portion of the purchase annuity which represents repayment of capital.

28. — (1.) In the case of any advance after the commencement of this Act for the purchase of a holding, and also in the case of any instalment of a purchase annuity which shall become payable after the passing of this Act, purchaser's insurance money shall not be payable.

(2.) In the case of a purchase annuity payable at the date of the commencement of this Act, the amount thereof as altered by this section shall be certified by the Land Commission, and sent by them for registration to the registration authority under the Local Registration of Title (Ireland) Act, 1891.

1896.

Land Law (Ireland), 1896. Ch. 47.

397

29. — (1.) The Land Commission on making an advance may dispense with the whole or any part of the guarantee deposit tee deport*11" being made or retained, if they think the security for the repayment

of the advance is sufficient without it.

(2.) The Land Commission may, if they think fit, on application, pay to the person entitled thereto the whole or any part of the guarantee deposit made or retained in respect of advances under the Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1891, or the Redemption of 54 & 55 vict-Rent (Ireland) Act, 1891, except in a case where any part of the c' 48' deposit has been actually applied in pursuance of the Land Purchase Acts.

(3.) In the case of any advance made otherwise than under the Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1891, or the Redemption of Rent 54 & 55 Vict. (Ireland) Act, 1891, the Land Commission may pay out of the c*48-guarantee deposit to the person entitled thereto a sum equal to q457 55 ict* the portion of the advance which at the end of any decade is ascertained under the provisions of this Act to have been repaid.

30. In computing the amount advanced to any one purchaser Amendment of under the provisions of section two of the Purchase of Land jj1 58 Vict. (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1888, an advance made to such pur- c* ' s‘ chaser as a trustee for another, or as personal representative of a deceased person, shall not, if, (as regards advances made after the

passing of this Act,) he declares at the time that he was so acting, be included, and for the purposes of the said section the advance in such cases shall be deemed to have been made to the person beneficially interested in such advance.

31. — (1.) Where any land has been sold under the Land Purchase Extingmsh-Acts, as amended by this Act, or where land is sold by the Land Sperior Judge to the tenant thereof, and an advance under the Land interests. Purchase Acts is made for the purpose of such sale, or where a

lessor or grantor has signified his consent to the redemption of a rent under the Redemption of Rent (Ireland) Act, 1891, the sale 54 & 55 Vict. of such land, or the redemption consequent on the lodgment of c- 57* such consent, as the case may be, shall be made discharged from all superior interests as defined by this section, or from any of them, and in every such case the land shall be vested accordingly in the purchaser in fee simple, and such superior interests, or the value thereof, shall become a lien upon, and be redeemed or satisfied out of, the purchase money of such land.

(2.) A vesting order shall be subject to such exceptions and reservations as are specified in the order, if they were contained in the agreement for purchase or subsequently agreed to by the vendor and purchaser and have been approved by the Land Commission and the Laud Commission are satisfied that the effect of such exceptions and reservations was explained to and understood by the purchaser, or the purchaser is represented by a solicitor other than the solicitor of the vendor.

(3.) The powers of apportionment and redemption given to the Land Commission by section ten of the Purchase of Land (Ireland) 48 49 vict* Act, 1885, and sections fifteen and sixteen of the Land Law (Ireland) Jq & 51 vict>. Act, 1887, shall extend to superior interests and be exercised in such c. 33.

r VJ'* '

D d

398

Ch. 47.

Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

Part m. manner as shall appear equitable, and shall not be limited to an?

apportionment between the land sold and the residue of the land subject to the superior interest.

(4.) Where a holding is sold by the Land Judge to the tenant thereof, and an advance under the Land Purchase Acts is made for the purpose, the Land Judge shall have the powers of apportionment and redemption conferred on the Land Commission by sections so & 5i Vict. fifteen and sixteen of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1887, and by 54&*55 Vict. section twenty of the Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1891, as c. 48; the same are amended and extended by this Act in like manner

as if the Land Judge were the Land Commission.

(5.) The price or compensation to be paid in respect of a superior interest, or of any apportioned part thereof, shall be determined in the manner provided by the said sections for the redemption of annuities, rentcharges, and rents: Provided that, if the court arc of opinion that any such superior interest is of no appreciable value to the persons entitled thereto, the purchase money of the land may be distributed without regard to such superior interest.

(6.) If a superior interest, or the benefit arising thereunder, is settled land within the meaning of the Settled Land Acts, 1882 to 1890, the person who constitutes the tenant for life, or who has the powers of a tenant for life under those Acts, shall have power to enter into any consent in relation to the sale being made discharged from such superior interest, and to the redemption or satisfaction of the same out of the purchase money.

(7.) Where a superior interest is subject to an incumbrance aa 50 & 51 Vict. defined by the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1887, the court shall c. 88. have the same powers as if such incumbrance had been charged

directly upon the land sold.

(8.) The expression "superior interest" shall include any rent, rentcharge, annuity, fees, duties, or services, payable or to be rendered in respect of the land sold to any person, including Her Majesty and Her successors, and any estates, exceptions, reservations, < oven ants, conditions, or agreements, contained in any fee-farm gr»<nt, or other conveyance in fee, or lease, under which such land is heJd. and, if such land is held under a lease for lives or years renewable for ever, or for a term of years of which not less tlan sixty are unexpired at the date of the sale, shall include any reversion or estate expectant on the determination of such lease or expiration of sucl- term, and notwithstanding that such reversion or estate may be vested in Her Majesty and Her successor*.

(9.) Nothing in this section shall affect the rights of the public or of any class of the public in respect of the land sold.

(10.) The Land Commission or the High Court shall not in any case be empowered to make any requisition as to title the making 37 & 38 Vict. of which by a purchaser would be prevented by the Vendor and c. 78. Purchaser Act, 1874, or any Act amending the same.

Framing of and 32. — (1.) The Land Commission shall prepare the vesting order,

veldngordlr or they see to dispense therewith, shall fiat the agreement for andregistra- the purchase of the holding, subject to such conditions, exceptions, purchLetle°a an<^ modifications as they think necessary; and on the advance being paid such fiat shall have effect as if it were a vesting order

1896.

Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1896. Ch. 47.

399

made by the Commission in relation to the holding purchased, and Part III. the provisions of this Act referring to vesting orders shall apply and be construed accordingly.

(2.) The Land Commission shall, immediately after the vesting order or fiat, prepare and transmit to the registering authority under the Local Registration of Title (Ireland) Act, 1891, the prescribed 54 A55 Vict. particulars as to the holding, in order that the title of the purchaser c* 66> to the ownership of the holding may be registered pursuant to, that Act.

(3.) Section thirty-four of the said Act (which relates to the correction and rectification of the register) shall extend to a vesting order or fiat as if it were the register, save that the jurisdiction of the court for the purposes of this Act shall be exercised by the Land Commission.

(4.) An agreement for purchase, a vesting order, or fiat, shall not operate to convert the interest of the purchaser into real estate.

33* — (1.) For the purpose of the distribution of, or other dealing A* to redemp-with, an advance, sections fifteen and sixteen of the Land Law r '

(Ireland) Act, 1887, and any other unrepealed enactment in the annuities, Land Purchase Acts, or this Act, relating to the redemption or rentcharges, apportionment of charges on holdings, or otherwise to the distribu- ^Tvict. tion of the purchase money of a holding, shall apply as if the c. 38. es. 15, money were the holding. 16.

(2.) For the purpose of an agreement respecting the redemption price of any annuity, rentcharge, or rent apportioned under the said section sixteen, the court may determine the parties by whom such agreement may be made or by whom the consent may be given for the determination of the price by the court.

(3.) The said sections as amended by this section shall apply to any contingent liability for any annuity, rentcharge, or rent, in like manner as they apply to the annuity, rentcharge, or rent itself, and where any contingent liability has no appreciable value, the money may be distributed without regard to such liability.

(4.) Where any liability for any annuity, rentcharge, or rent is apportioned and redeemed out of the purchase money and a right of indemnity in respect of such liability exists, the person entitled to the purchase money shall be entitled to the proportion of the annuity, rentcharge, or rent so redeemed, in like manner as if he had purchased the same, and the court, after due notice to all persons interested, shall make provision as to the future payment of such portion of the annuity, rentcharge, or rent so purchased, and as to the land to be liable thereto, and such other provisions as appear to the court necessary for carrying into effect this enactment.

34. — (1.) A holding vested in a purchaser by a vesting order As 10 e^se* under this Act shall continue to have appurtenant thereto and "hen%esting to be subject to, as the case may be, any previously existing order is made, easements, rights, and appurtenances; and any privilege previously in fact enjoyed, whether by permission of the landlord or otherwise, in such manner and for such time that, if the holding had belonged to a different owner from the rest of the estate, it would have been an easement or right, shall be an easement

Dd 2

400

Ch. 47.

Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1890. 59 & 60 Vict.

Part ul

21 A S3 Vict «.72.

Liability for arrears of rent, and interest on purchase money after agreement to purchase.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 33.

Advances for purchase of holding subject to a rent-Charge.

right within the meaning of this section, and shall be appurtenant to or exerciseable over the holding, as the case may be.

(2.) The vesting order may, if the Land Commission think fit, declare that the sale is made subject to or free from any particular easement, right, or appurtenance, and such declaration shall have full effect.

(3.) This section shall extend to any sale or declaration of title made by the Land Judge in pursuance of the Landed Estates Court (Ireland) Act, 1858, in like manner as if it were herein re-enacted with the necessary modifications.

35. — (1.) Where an agreement for the purchase of a holding is made after the commencement of this Act and i3 lodged with the Land Commission, the purchaser shall, in the event of the sale being carried out, be discharged from all liability to the vendor in respect of any liabilities affecting the holding at the date of the agreement, including all rent and arrears existing at such date; but if the advance is refused the agreement shall be void, and the tenant shall be liable to pay rent and arrears as if the agreement had not been made. Provided that no proceeding in respect of the said rent and arrears existing at the date of the agreement shall be brought pending the carrying out of the sale.

(2.) Interest on the purchase money from the date of the said agreement until the day from which the purchase annuity begins, shall be payable half-yearly on the first day of May and first day of November by the purchaser, and shall be paid to, and be collected and recoverable by, the Land Commission, in like manner as if it were an instalment of the purchase annuity charged upon the holding, and when received by them shall as respects the period subsequent to the date of the advance be applied in payment of the interest due under section twenty of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1887, and subject thereto shall be paid to the person in receipt of the rent at the date of the agreement or such other person as may prove himself to be entitled thereto, and if the advance is refused shall be allowed by the landlord to the tenant as a payment on account of rent. 36

36. Where a sale of a holding is made by a landlord to a tenant in consideration of the tenant paying a fine and engaging to pay to the vendor a rentcharge, the Land Commission may, if satisfied with the security, make on advance under the Land Purchase Acts as amended by this Act to the tenant for the purposes of such purchase of any sum not exceeding the amount of the fine payable to the landlord, subject as follows: —

(a.) The advance shall not exceed the saleable value of the landlord's interest in the holding after deducting such sum as appears to the Land Commission to be the capital value of the rentcharge:

(b) The advance shall not be made where the rentcharge exceeds half the rent which, in the opinion of the Land Commission, would be a fair rent for the holding:

(c.) An ejectment for nonpayment of rent shall not be brought in respect of the rentcharge:

1896.

Land Law (Ireland Act, 1896. Ch. 47.

401

(d.) The rentcharge shall be reserved in the vesting order, but las? III. the purchase annuity shall have priority over such rentcharge:

(e.) The Land Commission may, if satisfied with the security, make a further advance for the redemption of the rentcharge in like manner as for the purchase of the holding:

(/.) Where a holding is sold under this section the powers conferred by the Land Purchase Acts and this Act for the apportionment of charges shall extend to an apportionment of charges between the purchase money and the rentcharge, and the provisions of section fifteen of the Land Law (Ireland) so A 51 Vict. Act, 1887, with respect to the acceptance by an incumbrancer c 33-of the purchase money in part discharge of his incumbrance shall apply as if the rentcharge were other lands within the meaning of those provisions.

37. — (I.) Where the Land Commission, in pursuance of section Terms of fifteen of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1887, order the redemption

of tithe rentcharge at a price not less than twenty times the net charge in case amount of such tithe rentcharge, after making such deduction in of sale, respect of rates as is provided by section seven of the Irish Church 50 & 51 Vict. Act, 1869, Amendment Act, 1872, the consent of the Treasury shall g'53£'86 vict not be required to such redemption. c. 70.

(2.) The foregoing enactment shall not apply to any annual sum payable to the Land Commission under section thirty-two of the Irish Church Act, 1869, as amended by aoy other Act, but the 82 & 83 Vict. Land Commission may order the redemption of such tithe rent- c*39 42' charge at a sum calculated on the basis of the annual sura being for a term of forty-five instead of fifty-two years.

38. — (1.) The Land Commission upon the sale of a holding under section thirty of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881, or under any power of sale, may sell the holding in lots.

(2.) Section fifteen of the Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1885, as amended by this Act, shall extend to a sale of a holding by the Land Commission, as successors to the Commissioners of Church Temporalities in Ireland.

(3.) Where a holding is subject to the future payment of an annuity, and the Land Commission sell it in lots, or in the exercise of their powers under the Land Purchase Acts authorise the subdivision of the holding, the Land Commission may apportion the annuity in such manner as they deem expedient, or may, if they think fit, make an order discharging any such portion of the holding as aforesaid from any further liability for such annuity, or any part thereof, or any arrears thereof.

(4.) Where the Land Commission sell a holding, the purchase money shall, subject to the provisions of section thirty of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881, be paid and distributed as if it were the purchase money of a holding sold by a landlord to a tenant.

39. The power conferred on the Lord Lieutenant by sub-section

(2) of section five of the Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1891,

to make regulations for the application of the moneys therein men-

tioned towards the cost of providing labourers cottages

Sale of holding by Land Commianon.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 49.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 78.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 49.

Amendment of 54 & 55 Vict c. 48. a. 5 (9) (6) as to money for labourers cottages.

402

Ch. 47.

Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

Part III.

Sales under the Landed Estates Court Act.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 72.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 49.

extended to include a power to make regulations for the application of those moneys towards defraying any costs incurred at any time after the passing of the said Act of 1891 in providing such cottages.

40. — (1.) Where an absolute order for the sale of an estate, comprising holdings to which this section applies, has been made under the Landed Estates Court (Ireland) Act, 1858, and either a receiver has been appointed over the estate or the estate is so circumstanced that it would independently of this Act be sold without the consent of the owner as to price, the following provisions shall have effect: —

(a.) The Land Commission shall, at the request of the Land Judge, cause the estate to be inspected, and a report to be made by two Commissioners respecting the estate, and the circumstances thereof, and the price at, and the Conditions under which, the sale of the holdings to the tenants under the Land Purchase Acts can properly be made:

(5.) The Land Judge, after giving all parties, including the tenants, an opportunity of being heard, and considering the ' report and any offers that may be made for the purchase of the estate or any part thereof, and any other matters that may be brought before him, and the general circumstances of the estate, shall make to the person appearing to be in occupation as tenant of each holding on the estate an offer to sell to him the fee-Bimple of the holding, discharged from the arrears of rent then due from him in respect thereof, at such price, and subject to such conditions, whether as to the payment of part of the price in cash, or as to the offer to one tenant being conditional on the acceptance by other tenants of the offers made to them within a limited time, or otherwise, as the Land Judge may consider reasonable and just, having regard to the interest of all persons interested in the estate:

(c.) The offer shall be communicated in such manner as the Land Commission think fit to the person appearing to be in occupation as tenant, and, if it is accepted, then on fulfilment of the conditions the said person shall be deemed to have agreed to purchase the holding within the meaning of the Land Purchase Acts, and the sale shall be completed accordingly:

(d.) If it appears to the Land Judge that the tenants of holdings on the estate to the extent of not less them three-fourths in number and value according to the rateable value under the Irish Valuation Acts, have accepted the offers under this section, he may, if, having regard to the circumstances of the case he thinks it expedient, order that the remaining tenants or any of them shall be deemed to have accepted the offers made to them, and this section and the Land Purchase Acts shall apply accordingly; provided that such order shall not apply to any tenant if the purchase-money of his holding would exceed the limitation on the amount of the advance

imposed by section two of the Purchase of Land (Ireland)

IS96.

Land Law (Ireland), 1896. Ch. 47.

403

Amendment Act, 1888, and the holding of such tenant shall in.

not be taken into consideration in estimating the three-fourths above mentioned:

(c.) Subject to the prescribed rules, including rules as to security for costs, any person aggrieved by any order of the Land Judge made under this section may, with the leave of the Land Judge or of the Court of Appeal, appeal to the Court of Appeal, whose decision shall be final:

(/.) Where a receiver has been appointed over part of an estate this section shall apply to that part in like manner as if it were an estate:

((/.) The foregoing provisions of this section shall apply only to holdings which are agricultural or pastoral, or partly agricultural and partly pastoral.

(2.) Any person in occupation of and paying rent for a parcel of land (including the owner of an estate in occupation of a mansion house or demesne forming part of the estate) held under a letting by the Land Judge or Receiver Judge may agree to purchase such parcel of land, and the same shall be deemed a holding, and such person a tenant, and the Land Judge or Receiver Judge, as the case may be, a landlord within the meaning of the Land Purchase Acts.

(3.) At any time after an absolute order for the sale of an estate or part of an estate has been made in pursuance of the Landed 21 & 22 Vict. Estates Court (Ireland) Act, 1858, the foregoing provisions of this c, 72‘ section so far as they are applicable may upon the application of the owner be applied to such estate, although a receiver has not been appointed over the estate, and the estate is not so circumstanced that it would, independently of this Act, be sold without the consent of the owner as to price; provided that no advance shall be mode to the owner to purchase any mansion house or demesne forming part of the estate.

(4.) Rules under Part Two of this Act may be made for carrying into effect this section.

41. Any person aggrieved by the order of a Land Commissioner acting alone in carrying the Land Purchase Acts as amended by this Act into effect may, if such Commissioner was not a-Judicial Commissioner and the question is one of law, require the case to be reheard by a Judicial Commissioner, and in any other case may require the question to be reconsidered by a Judicial Commissioner and two other Commissioners, one of whom shall be a Commissioner appointed under the Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1885, except where, owing to unavoidable absence, illness, or a vacancy in office, such a -Commissioner is not available; provided that if the Judicial Commissioner thinks it desirable the case shall be re-heard by those three Commissioners.

42. A mortgagee in possession with power of sale shall for Powers of

all the purposes of the Land Purchase Acts be deemed to be a mortgagee, landlord. j

Appeals under" Land Purchase Act.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 73.

404

Ch. 47.

Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

Part iv.

PART IV.

Congested Districts Board.

43. — (1.) Where the Congested Districts Board have agreed to purchase land, whether in a congested districts county or elsewhere, the Land Commission, on a request from the Board stating the congested districts county for the benefit of which the land is purchased, and the amount of the purchase-money, shall rc ane cts. sukject as in this section mentioned advance the purchase-money to the Board in like manner as if the Board were a tenant purchasing his holding under the Land Purchase Acts as amended by this Act.

(2.) The advance shall not be made, if it exceeds, or together with any previous advance on account of the county for the benefit of which the land is purchased not repaid or written off will exceed, twenty-five times the share of the county in the interest on the church surplus grant (referred to in section thirty-five of the 54 & 55 Vict. Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1891), after deducting from c. 48. that share any prior charges, whether under this section or other-

wise, including such proportion of contingent charges under Part 54 & 55 Vict. Two of the Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1891, as the Treasury °- 48- may fix.

(3.) The advance shall be repaid by the board by an annuity of the same amount, and involving the same interest and sum for repayment of capital, as if it were an annuity payable by a tenant purchasing his holding, and the amount of such annuity shall be deducted by the Land Commission from the interest on the church surplus grant.

(4.) Where the Land Commission make an advance to a tenant for the purchase of his holding from the Congested Districts Board, the amount of the advance shall be written off the debt due from the Board for advances made to them on account of the congested districts county for the benefit of which the Board purchased the land, in such manner as may be arranged between the Land Commission and the Board, and shall be treated as the redemption of a proportionate part of the annuities payable by the Board to the Land Commission.

(5.) Where land is purchased by the Congested Districts Board for the benefit of more than one congested districts county, the Board shall state in their request to the Land Commission the proportion of the purchase money which is to be treated as being advanced for the benefit of each county.

(6.) The Land Commission shall not make any advance in respect of any purchase by a tenant from the Board of a small 54 & 55 Vict. holding, as defined in the Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1891.

* 48, (7.) The Congested Districts Board shall not buy any land held

under a lease for a term of years of which less than sixty are unexpired at the time of the sale, unless they hold or buy the reversion expectant upon the determination of such lease.

Purchase and sale by Congested Districts Board under the Land

Sales by 44, — (i.) The Congested Districts Board may sell land to a

tenant of a small holding for the price agreed upon, and credit Board of small the purchaser with the whole or any part of the purchase money.

1896.

Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1806. Ch. 47.

405

and such purchase money shall be secured to the satisfaction of the Part iv. Board, and be payable by such annuity payable half-yearly, and holding* other-calculated at such rate of interest, as may be agreed on. SderLand

(2.) For carrying such sale into effect the Trustees of the Con- Purchase Act *, gested Districts Board may convey the land to the purchaser charged with the said annuity; but the conveyance shall not operate to convert the interest of the purchaser in the holding into real estate.

(3.) The particulars of any such conveyance may be communicated to the Land Commission, and thereafter they shall issue half-yearly applications for payment of the half-yearly instalments of the annuity charged on the holding, and shall credit or pay to the Congested Districts Board all sums received by the Commission in respect thereof, and shall furnish to the Board particulars of all instalments for which they issue applications under this section, showing which have and which have not been paid.

(4.) The Trustees of the Congested Districts Board shall have for the recovery of any such instalments unpaid the same remedies as the Land Commission have for the recovery of unpaid instalments of an annuity under the Land Purchase Acts.

(5.) Holdings purchased under this section, while subject to any annuity for the payment of purchase money, shall not be subject to the provisions of the Local Registration of Title (Ireland) Act, 54 & 55 Vict. 1891, but shall be subject to all the provisions of the Land Pur- c-66* chase Acts respecting a holding subject to an annuity under those Acts; and the power under those provisions to require a holding to be sold when subdivided by reason of the death of the proprietor may be exercised within twelve months after the subdivision becomes known to the Congested Districts Board, notwithstanding that it is more than twelve months after the death.

(6.) Whenever, upon the amalgamation of small holdings, part of the amalgamated holding is subject to an annuity under this section, and the amalgamated holding is not a small holding, the Congested Districts Board may agree with the occupier of such amalgamated holding for the purchase by him of that holding under the Land Purchase Acts, and the Land Commission may sanction the agreement and make an advance as if such occupier was in occupation of the whole of such holding under a contract of tenancy.

(7.) On such last-mentioned advance being made by the Land Commission, the balance of the principal of the purchase money payable by the annuity under this section shall be treated as repaid to the Board out of the advance, and the purchaser and the holding shall be discharged from all liability in respect of the said annuity.

45. Rules for carrying into effect this Part of this Act may be Bole* for Part made by the Lord Lieutenant after communication with the Land Act Commission and the Congested Districts Board.

408

Part V.

lie-enactment with modifications of 54 & 55 Vict. c. 48. s. 18.

Application to Land Commission for reinstatement of tenant or for purchase oi holding.

JO /

54!& 55 Vict. c. 48.

Ch. 47. Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict *

PART V.

Evicted Tenants.

46. Section thirteen of the Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1891, if) hereby re-enacted, and shall have effect with the modification following: Twelve months of the commencement of this Act shall be substituted for six months of the passing of this Act.

' 47. — (1.) Where the tenancy of a holding has been determined at any time after the first day of May, one thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine, the landlord or the former tenant of the holding, or both jointly, may, within twelve months of the commencement of thid Act, apply in the prescribed manner to the Land Commission to act as mediators with a view to the reinstatement of the tenant hr the holding or with a view to the purchase of the* holding by the tenant.

(2.) Upon any such joint application with a view to reinstatement, the Land Commission may declare the terms and conditions as to rent, and the payment of arrears, or otherwise, upon which they consider that it would be reasonable that the former tenant should be reinstated in the holding, and upon the' parties consenting within> the prescribed time and in the prescribed manner, may make an order reinstating the tenant in his holding upon the said terms and conditions.

(3.) Upon any such joint application with a view to the sale of the holding, the Land Commission may declare the amount of the advance which they are prepared to sanction, and the conditions (if any) tt> be fulfilled previously to the making of such advance, and upon the parties consenting within the prescribed time and in the prescribed manner, may order an advance, subject to the said conditions; in like manner as if an agreement had been made under section thirteen of the Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1891, as re-enacted by this Act.

(4.) Upon such application, whether for reinstatement or fora sale being made by either the landlord or the former tenant of the holding, the Land Commission may, if they think fit after making such inquiry as they think advisable, serve in the prescribed manner upon the party not having made the application a notice calling Upon him to state whether he consents to the application being treated as a joint application, and, if the party so served does not within the prescribed time after such service object, a joint application within the meaning of the section shall be deemed to have been made for reinstatement or for a sale, as the case may be, and the Land Commission may thereupon proceed under this section accordingly.

(5.) Every order under this section shall be binding upon all persons, and be final and conclusive.

(6.) An order under this section shall not be made in the case of a holding which, on the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six, was in the occupation of a tenant.

1896.

Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1896. Ch. 47.

407

(7.) For the purposes of this section, the expression "former Part V. tenant " shall include the heir or personal representative, as the case may be, of the former tenant.

PART VI. Supplemental.

Part VI.

48. — (1.) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires — Definitions.

The expression "dwelling-house " includes any out-house, curtilage, and garden appurtenant thereto:

The expressions " landlord " and " tenant " include respectively the predecessors in title of a landlord or tenant:

The expression "limited owner" means a limited owner within

the meaning of section twenty-six of the Landlord and Tenant 83 & 34 Vict. (Ireland) Act, 1870, and includes any person having the powers c*46* of a tenant for life under the Settled Land Acts, 1882 to 1890:

The expression "lease " includes an agreement for a lease:

The expression "Land Law Acta" means the Land Law (Ireland) 44 & 45 Vict. J Act, 1881, except Part. V. thereof, the Land Law (Ireland)

‘ Act, 1887, except Part II., and the Land Law (Ireland) Act, o?33.

1888, and the Timber (Ireland) Act, 1888, and the Land Law 51 & 52 Vict. (Ireland) Act, 1888, Amendment Act, 1889, and the Redemption of Rent (Ireland) Act, 1891, and does not include the c< 59> , c' ‘ Landlord and Tenant (Ireland) Act, 1870, except so far as the 54 & 55 Vict. provisions of it are necessary for giving effect to the above- 5£g4 y.ct mentioned portion of the Land Law (Irelandj Act, 1881:c. 46.

The express:on " Land Purchase Acts" means the Purchase, of 54 & 55 Vict. Land (Ireland) Act, 1891, the Land Purchase Acts as therein cc* 48»57, defined, and the Redemption of Rent (Ireland) Act, 1891:

The expression "permanent building " shall include permanent,

.structures and sea and river embankments having a permanent character:

The expression "judicial rent" means a fair rent, whether fixed by the court or by agreement or arbitration or by demand of the landlord accepted by the tenant, and, any reference to an application to fix a fair rent shall include a reference to an agreement to fix a fair rent or to refer to arbitration the fixing of a fair rent, or to the demand of an increased rent by the landlord:

The expression" prescribed" means prescribed by rules made by the Land Commission, save that where the expression refers to financial matters it shall mean prescribed by rules made by the Treasury, and where the expression, relates to >

matters connected with the Land Judge it shall mean prescribed by rules made under Part Two of this Act:

The expression "Receiver Judge" means the judge assigned

under section nineteen of the Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 48 & 49 Vict 49 Vict 1885, for the execution of the duties in that section mentioned.

(2.) In the definition of "holding" contained in the Land Law 49, 10t\

(Ireland) Act, 1881, " parcel of land " shall be deemed to include an undivided share of land, whether held alone, or held under the same contract of tenancy with land held in severalty.

408

Ch. 47.

Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

Part vi.

Saving of Ulster tenant right custom.

Application and construction of Parts of Act.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 49.

44 & 45 Vict. 0. 49.

57 & 58 Vict c. 50.

[Short title.]

(3.) Any jurisdiction vested by this Act in the High Court in relation to the purchase money under the Land Purchase Acts, or otherwise in relation to those Acts, shall, subject to rules of court, be exercised by a Laud Judge.

49. Nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice or affect any right, benefit, or presumption, exercised or enjoyed under or by virtue of the Ulster tenant right custom, or any usage corresponding thereto.

50. — (1.) Part One of this Act shall, save as is by this Act expressly provided, apply to every proceeding pending at the commencement of this Act.

(2.) An application to fix a fair rent for a holding shall not be refused on the ground of any previous decision with reference to the holding or any part thereof, whether between the same parties or otherwise, if such application can be sustained under this Act or any of the Land Law Acts as amended by this Act, and where a tenant would, if this Act had been in force at the passing of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881, be now a present tenant, and either the landlord has not, since the passing of the said Act, or the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two, as the case may be, resumed possession of the holding, or if he resumed the tenant has redeemed or been reinstated in his former tenancy, the tenant shall be deemed a present tenant for the purpose of any Such application.

(3.) Parts One and Two of this Act shall be construed as one with the Land Law Acts, and together with those Acts may be cited as the Land Law Acts, and shall apply to all holdings to which the Land Law Acts, or any of them, as amended by this Act, apply, and section twenty-two of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881, shall apply as if the said Acts and Parts of this Act were part of the foregoing provisions of the said Act of 1881, within the meaning of the said section.

(4.) Parts Two, Three, and Five of this Act shall be construed as one with the Land Purchase Acts as herein defined, and together with those Acts may be cited as the Land Purchase Acts.

(5.) The provisions of Part III. of this Act with respect to superior interests and a vesting order shall not, without the consent of the vendor and purchaser, apply to proceedings in respect of any agreement made before the commencement of this Act.

(6.) Part Four of this Act shall be construed as one with the Congested Districts Board (Ireland) Acts, as defined in the Congested Districts Board (Ireland) Act, 1894, and together with those Acts may be cited collectively as the Congested Districts Board (Ireland) Acts.

51. This Act may be cited as the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1896.

52. The Acts specified in the Second Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed -to the extent mentioned in the third column of that schedule.

1896.

Land Law (Ireland) 1896. Ch. 47.

409

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Form of Schedule for Record.

Section T. (1).

Particulars of Holding taken into consideration in fixing the Judicial Rent.

No. of Ordnance Sheet.

County Tenant

Record No. Landlord

Date upon which holding inspected day of 189 .

Who attended inspection on behalf of Landlord ?

Do. on behalf of Tenant ?

1. Character of holding: —

The land in a holding may be all of uniform character, or it may consist of two or more of the qualities of land indicated in the following Schedule, which should be carefully filled up according to the facts. The acreage of each class of land found in the holding should be set out in the column given for the purpose, and this area should be marked off with a blue coloured line on the Ordnance Surrey Map of the holding, and also marked with the letter or letters corresponding with same in the Schedule. These areas should be stated with as near an approach to accuracy as under the circumstances is possible. The record number of the holding should in each case be marked on the Map, and where more than one holding is marked on the Map a Schedule of holdings with the record numbers, and tenants' names is to be written on the right hand margin on the Map. The exterior boundaries of each holding must be carefully marked on the Map, with a red coloured line.

(1.) Schedule of classes of land.

— Area in Statute Measure. Fair Rent per Acre (excluding Buildings), on the assumption that all Improvements thereon were made or acquired by the Landlord.

Grass Lands A 1st class -B 2nd class ... C 3rd class ..... D 4th class -E 5th class, mountain and unreclaimed bog F 1st class, permanent meadow G 2nd class, permanent meadow Land in tillage or worked in rotation, including pasture or meadow of a temporary character: H 1st class -I 2nd class ... K 3rd class ..... L 4th class! reclaimed mountain or bog X waste (description) ... Total area ... A. Be P. £ 8. d.

410

Ch. 47.

Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict,

2. For what description of stock is the grass land best suited ?

3. Carrying power in sums or collops of grass land, stating the months during which the season usually continues, and how hay is provided P

4. How is the holding used ?

5. The condition as to cultivation, deterioration or otherwise of the holding and the buildings thereon. Dees the soil show traces of improvement or of deterioration, and to whom is the improvement or deterioration to be attributed ?

6. Does the holding or any part of it require to be drained, and if so, how much of the holding ? Mark part requiring drainage on map by thin parallel black lines.

7. Improvements:Proved in Court (excluding buildings) whether made by landlord or tenant, which are at present a bondjide benefit to the holding and are found to exist on inspection, to be stated in detail, together with the nature, character, and present capital value thereof, and the increased letting value due thereto, and the date, so near as can be ascertained, at which the same were made, and the deduction from rent made.

8. Buildings:If tenants state so, if landlords specify particulars of same, the date, so near as can be ascertained, at which they were made, state fair annual value, whether they have been kept in repair, and by whom, and any deduction from rent made on account thereof, and the extent (if any) to which the landlord has paid or compensated the tenant in respect thereof.

Improvements under this head shall be distinguished according as —

(a) they have been made wholly or partly by or at the cost of the tenant; and

(6) the landlord has paid or compensated the tenant in respect thereof.

9. Situation:As to markets, railways, and county roads.

10. What per centage (if any) has been added for proximity, or what (if any) has been deducted in consequence of remote position ?

11. Give particulars of any right of turbary, commonage, mountain grazing, or seaweed — and state whether turbary is inside or outside holding, what amount has been added for any of those appurtenances.

12. Local Bates —

Average poor rate in U.

, county cess in 1/.

18. Special incidents of holding, such as aspect, elevation, and water supply, and general observations.

To be signed by Lay Assistant-Commissioners day of 189 ,

' i

1896.

Land Law (Ireland 1896. Ch. 47.

411

14. The following improvements included in enumeration in paragraph No. 7 were made or acquired by the tenant or his predecessors in tide, and are exempted from rent.

15. For what rights (if any) referred to in answers to query No. 11 has an addition been made to the rent ?

16. Upon what assumption with regard to the respective liabilities of landlord and tenant as to rates and taxes mentioned in answers to query No. 12, has the judicial rent been fixed ?

To be signed by Legal and Lay Assistant-Commissioners.

17. The annual sum which should be the fair rent of the holding on the assumption that all improvements thereon were made or acquired by the landlord.

18. The fair rent of the holding.

19. If tenancy has been purchased since the Land Act, 1870, give date and amount of purchase money on each sale.

20. What changes of rent have been proved in evidence ?

To be signed by Legal Assistant Commissioner alone.

SECOND SCHEDULE. Section 52.

Acts Repealed.

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 46.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 49.

Landlord and Tenant (Ireland) Act, 1870.

Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881.

Section thirty-five.

In section eight, sub-section (2), from "as from the period" down to " decision of the court, " and subsection (3j, from "from the rent day " down to " has been given." Section twenty-four, from " as follows " to "fair rent for the holding, " being the end of sub-section (1).

In section twenty-six from " the Land Commission may advance" down to "payable by the tenant, " being sub-section (4).

Section twenty-eight from the beginning down to "purchaser therein mentioned, " being sub-sections (1) and (2).

In section thirty, sub-section (3),

. from " on the terms" down to "1870, " where that figure next occurs, and from " and snail pay " down to " receive the same." Section thirty-three.

In section fifty-eight, sub-section (1), sub-section (2) down to " home farm or " and sub-sections (3) and (4).

412

Ch. 47.

Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict<

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Extent of Repeal.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 73. Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1885. In section two, from " it shall not be lawful " to the end of the section, being paragraph (c). In section four, the words "such " value to be calculated according " to the table in the Schedule to " this Act." Section nine, sub-Bections (1) and (2). In section fourteen, from " the Land Commission shall register" down to " local registration." In section seventeen, from " the additional members of the Land " Commission " down to " with the the said additional Commissioners.*' Section twenty-four.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 33. Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1887. Section one down to " passing of this Act." In section four, from " a tenant may also *' to " and otherwise." Section five. Section seventeen. In section eighteen, from " section thirty-four" to the eud of the section, being sub-section. (2).

51 & 52 Vict. c. 49. Purchase of Land (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1888. Section one, down to " said subsection and.*' Section three, save as regards agreements for purchase made before the passing of this Act. Section six.

54£A 55 Vict. 0.48. The Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1891. In section four, sub-section (2), from "in paying to the guarantee fund to the end of the sub-section, being paragraph (6). Section seven, from " and an annual sum " to end of section. Section eight, save as respects any purchaser's insurance money paid before the commencement of this Act. In section twenty-nine, sub-Bection (1), from " provided that " to " Act, 1881 " where those words next first occur; and sub-section (2). In section forty-two, from " the expression annual value " to^ " so determined."

1896.

Light Railways Act, 1896. Ch. 48.

413

CHAPTER 48.

An Act to facilitate the Construction of Light Railways in Great Britain.

[14th August 1896.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) For the purpose of facilitating the construction and Establishment working of light railways in Great Britain, there shall be established a commission, consisting of three commissioners, to be styled Commission, the Light Railway Commissioners, and to fce appointed by the President of the Board of Trade.

(2.) It shall be the duty of the Light Railway Commissioners to carry this Act into effect, and to offer, so far as they are able, every facility for considering and maturing proposals to construct light railways.

(3.) If a vacancy occurs in the office of any of the Light Raulway Commissioners by reason of death, resignation, incapacity, or otherwise, the President of the Board of Trade may appoint some other person to fill the vacancy, and so from time to time as occasion may require.

(4.) There shall be paid to cne of the Commissioners such salary, not exceeding one thousand pounds a year, as the Treasury may direct.

(5.) The Board of Trade may, with the consent of the Treasury as to number and remuneration, appoint and employ such number of officers and persons as they think necessary for the purpose of the execution of the duties of the Light Railway Commissioners under this Act, and may remove any officer or person so appointed or employed.

(6.) The said salary and remuneration, and all expenses of the Light Railway Commissioners incurred with the sanction of the Treasury in the execution of this Act shall, except so far as provision is made for their payment by or under this Act, be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(7.) The Commissioners may act by any two of their number.

(8.) The powers of the Light Railway Commissioners shall, unless continued by Parliament, cease on the thirty-first day of December one thousand nine hundred and one.

2. An application for an order authorising a light railway under Application this Act shall be made to the Light Railway Commissioners, and for ordef* may be made

(a) by the council of any county, borough, or district, through any part of which the proposed railway is to pass; or

E e

414

Ch. 48.

Light Railways, 1896.

59 & 60 VIcfr

Powers of local authorities under order.

Loans by Treasury.

(b) by any individual, corporation, or company; or

(c) jointly by any such councils, individuals, corporations, or companies.

3. — (1.) The council of any county, borough, or district, may if authorised by an order under this Act —

(a) undertake themselves to construct and work, or to contract for the construction or working of, the light railway authorised;

(b) advance to a light railway company, either- by way of loan

or as part of the share capital of the company, or partly in-one way and partly in the other, any amount authorised by the order; w:*' ' '

(c) join any other council or any person or body of persons* in doing any of the things above mentioned; ‘ntid

(d) do any such other act incidental to any of 'the things above mentioned as may be authorised by the orddr.

(2.) Provided that —

(a) an order authorising a council to undertake to construct and work or to contract for the construction or working of a light railway, or to advance money to a light railway company, shall not be made except on an application by the council made in pursuance of a special resolution passed in manner directed by the First Schedule to this Act; and

(b) a council shall not construct or work or contract for the construction or working of any light railway wholly or partly outside their area, or advance any money for the purpose of any such railway, except jointly with the council of the outside area, or on proof to the satisfaction of the Board of Trade that such construction, working, or advance i9 expedient in the interests of the area of the first-mentioned council, and in the event of their being authorised so to do their expenditure shall be so limited by the order as not to exceed such amount as will, in the opinion of the Board of Trade, bear due proportion to the benefit which may be expected to accrue to their area from the construction or working of the railway.

4. — (1.) Where the council of any county, borough, or district, have advanced or agreed to advance any sum to a light railway company, the Treasury may also agree to make an advance to the company by lending them any sum not exceeding one quarter of the total amount required for the purpose of the light railway, and not exceeding the amount for the time being advanced by the council.

Provided that the Treasury shall not advance money to a light railway company under this section, unless at least one-half of the total amount required for the purpose of the l\ght railway is provided by means of share capital, and at least one-half of that share capital has been subscribed and paid up by persons other than local authorities.

(2.) Any loan under this section shall bear interest at such rate not less than three pounds two shillings and sixpence per centum

is 96.

Light Railways Act, 1896. Ch. 48.

415

per annum as the Treasury may from time to time authorise as being in their opinion sufficient to enable such loans to be made without loss to the Exchequer, and shall be advanced on such conditions as the Treasury determine.

(3.) Where the Treasury advance money to a light railway company under this section, and the advance by the council to the company is made in whole or part by means of a loan, the loan by the Treasury under this section shall rank pari passu with the loan by the Council.

5. — (1.) Where it is certified to the Treasury by the Board of Special Agriculture that the making of any light railway under this Act *

Vould benefit agriculture in any district, or by the Board of Trade that by the making of any such railway a necessary means of communication would be established between a fishing harbour or fishing village and a market, or that such railway is necessary for the development of or maintenance of some definite industry, but that owing to the exceptional circumstances of the district the railway would not be constructed without special assistance from the State, and the Treasury are satisfied that a railway company existing at the time will construct and work the railway if an advance is made by the Treasury under this section, the Treasury may, subject to the limitation of this Act as to the amount to be expended for the purpose of special advances, agree that the railway be aided out of public money by a special advance under this section.

Provided that —

(a) the Treasury shall not make any such special advance unless they are satisfied that landowners, local authorities, and other persons locally interested have by the free grant of land or otherwise given all reasonable assistance and facilities in their power for the construction of the railway; and

(h) a special advance shall not in any case exceed such portion not exceeding one half of the total amount required for the construction of the railway as may be prescribed by rules to be made by the Treasury under this Act; and

(c) where the Treasury agree to make any such special advance as a free grant, the order authorising the railway may make provision as regards any parish that, during a period not exceeding ten years to be fixed by the order, so much of the railway as is in that parish shall not be assessed to any local rate at a higher value than that at which the land occupied by the railway would have been assessed if it had remained in the condition in which it was immediately before it was acquired for the purpose of the railway, but before such provision is made in any order the local and rating authorities of every such parish shall be informed of the intention to insert such provision, and shall be entitled to be heard. The order may authorise the Board of Trade to extend any such period.

416 Ch. 48. Light Railways Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

Limitation on amount of advance and provision of money by National Debt Commissioners.

Consideration of application by light Railway Commissioners.

(2.) A special advance under this section may be at free grant or a loan or partly a free grant and partly a loan.

(3.) Any free grant or loan for a special advance under this section shall be made on such conditions and at such rate of interest as the Treasury direct.

6. — (1.) The total amount advanced by the Treasury under this Act shall not at any one time exceed one million pounds, of which a sum not exceeding two hundred and fifty thousand pounds may be expended for the purpose of special advances under this Act.

(2.) The National Debt Commissioners may lend to the Treasury, and the Treasury may borrow from the National Debt Commissioners, such money as may be required for the purpose of advances by the Treasury under this Act, on such terms as to interest, sinking fund, and period of repayment (not exceeding thirty years from the date of the loan) as may be agreed on between the National Debt Commissioners and the Treasury.

(3.) The sums so lent by the National Debt Commissioners shall be repaid out of money provided by Parliament for the purpose, and if and so far as that money is insufficient shall be charged on, and payable out of, the Consolidated Fund, or the growing produce thereof.

7. — (1.) Where an application for authorising a light railway under this Act is made to the Light Railway Commissioners, those Commissioners shall, in the first instance, satisfy themselves that all reasonable steps have been taken for consulting the local authorities, including road authorities, through whose areas the railway is intended to pass, and the owners and occupiers of the land it is proposed to take, and for giving public notice of the application, and shall also themselves by local inquiry and such other means as they think necessary possess themselves of all such information as they may consider material or useful for determining the expediency of granting the application.

(2.) The applicants shall satisfy the Commissioners that they have —

(a) published once at least in each of two consecutive weeks, in some newspaper circulating in the area or some part of the area through which the light railway is to pass, an advertisement describing shortly the land proposed to be taken and the purpose for winch it is proposed to be taken, naming a place where a plan of the proposed works and the lands to be taken, and a book of reference to the plan, may be seen at all reasonable hours, and stating the quantity of land required; and

(b) served notice in the prescribed manner on every reputed owner, lessee, and occupier of any land intended to be taken, describing in each case the land intended to be taken, and inquiring whether the person so served assents to or dissents from the taking of his land, and requesting him to state any objections he may have to his land being taken.

1890. Light Railways Act, 1896. Ch. 48. 417

The plan and book of reference shall be in the prescribed form, and for the purposes of this section the expression "prescribed " shall mean prescribed by rules made under this Act.

(3.) The Commissioners shall before deciding on an application give full opportunity for any objections to the application to be laid before them, and shall consider all such objections, whether made formally or informally.

(4.) If after consideration the Commissioners think that the application should be granted, they shall settle any draft order submitted to them by the applicmts for authorising the railway, and see that all such matters (including provisions for the safety of the public and particulars of the land proposed to be taken) are inserted therein, as they think necessary for the proper construction and working of the railway.

(5.) The order of the Light Railway Commissioners shall be provisional only, and shall have no effect until confirmed by the Board of Trade in manner provided by this Act.

(8.) Where an application for a light railway has been refused by the Light Railway Commissioners, the applicants, if the council of any county, borough, or district, may appeal against such refusal to the Board of Trade, who may, at any time if they think fit, remit the application or any portion thereof to the said Commissioners for further consideration with or without special instructions.

8. — (1.) The Commissioners shall submit any order made by Submission of them under this Act to the Board of Trade for confirmation, accompanied by such particulars and plans as may be required by confirmation, the Board, and shall also make and lay before the Board with the order a report stating the objections which have been made to the application, and the manner in which they have been dealt with, and any other matters in reference to the order which the Commissioners may think fit to insert in the report.

(2.) The Board of Trade shall give public notice of any order so submitted to them in such manner as they think best for giving information thereof to persons interested, and shall also state in the notice that any objections to the confirmation of the order must be lodged with the Board and the date by which those objections must be lodged.

9. — (1.) The Board of Trade shall consider any order submitted Consideration to them under thi3 Act for confirmation with special reference order by

. r Board of

t° — Trade.

(a) the expediency of requiring the proposals to be submitted to Parliament; and

(b) the safety of the public; and

(c) any objection lodged with them in accordance with this Act.

(2.) The Light Railway Commissioners shall, so far as they are able, give to the Board of Trade any information or assistance which may be required by th* Board for the purpose of considering any order eubmitted to them or any objection thereto.

Ch. 48. Light Railways Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict. 418

(3.) If the Board of Trade on such consideration are of opinion that by reason of the magnitude of the proposed undertaking, or of the effect thereof on the undertaking of any railway company existing at the time, or for any other special reason relating to the undertaking, the proposals of the promoters Ought to be submitted to Parliament, they shall not confirm the order.

(4.) The Board of Trade shall modify the provisions of the order for ensuring the safety of the public in such manner as they consider requisite or expedient.

(5.) If any objection to the order is lodged with the Board of Trade and not withdrawn, the Board of Trade shall consider the objection and give to those by whom it is made an opportunity of being heard, and if after consideration they decide that the objection should be upheld, the Board shall not confirm the order, or shall modify the order so as to remove the objection.

(6.) The Board of Trade may, at any time, if they think fit, remit the order to the Light Railway Commissioners for further consideration, or may themselves hold or institute a local inquiry, and hear all parties interested.

Confirmation 10. The Board of Trade may confirm the order with or without Board^ofby modifications as the case may require, and an order so confirmed

Trade. shall have effect as if enacted by Parliament, and shall be conclusive evidence that all the requirements of this Act in respect of proceedings required to be taken before the making of the order have been complied with. 11

Provisions which may be made by the order.

11. An order under this Act may contain provisions consistent with this Act for all or any of the following purposes:—

(a) the incorporation, subject to such exceptions and variations as may be mentioned in the order, of all or any of the provisions of the Clauses Acts as defined by this Act. Provided that wher^it appears to the Board of Trade that variations of the Lands Clauses Acts are required by the special circumstances of the case, the Board of Trade shall make a special report to Parliament on the subject, and that nothing in this section shall authorise any variation of the provisions of the Lands Clauses Acts with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement; and

(b) the application, if and so far as may be considered necessary, of any of the enactments mentioned in the Second Schedule to this Act (being enactments imposing obligations on railway companies with respect to the safety of the public and other matters); and

(c) giving the necessary powers for constructing and working the railway, including power to make agreements with railway and other companies for the purpose; and

(d) giving any railway company any power required for carrying the order into effect; and

constitution «« tcarrying out the

as a body corporate of

fhn nViIonfa flin t

a company for

Light Railways, 1896. Ch. 48.

1896.

419

(f) the representation on the managing body of the railway of any council who advance, or agree to advance, any money for

- the purpose of the railway; and

(g) authorising a council to advance or borrow money for the purposes of the railway and limiting the amount to be so advanced or borrowed, and regulating the terms on which any money is to be so advanced or borrowed; and

(k) the manner in which the profits are to be divided, where an advance is made by a council to a light milway company as part of the share capital of the company; and

(i) the proper audit of the accounts of the managing body of the railway where the managing body is not a local authority and the time within which the railway must be constructed; and

(j) fixing the maximum rates and charges for traffic; and

(k) in the case of a new company, requiring the company to make a deposit, and providing for the time of making and the application of the deposit; and

(l) empowering any local authority to acquire the railway; and

(m) any other matters, whether similar to the above or not, which may be considered ancillary to the objects of the order or expedient for carrying those objects into effect

12. — (1.) The Clauses Acts, as defined by this Act, and the Application of enactments mentioned in the Second Schedule to this Act, shall not ^a^Acts. apply to a light railway authorised under this Act except so far as they are incorporated or applied by the order authorising the railway.

(2.) Subject to the foregoing provisions of this Act and to any special provisions contained in the order authorising the railway, the general enactments relating to railways shall apply to a light railway under this Act in like manner as they apply to any other railway; and for the purposes of those enactments, and of the Clauses Acts so far as they are incorporated or applied by the order authorising the railway, the light railway company shall be deemed a railway company, and the order under this Act a special Act, and any provision thereof a special enactment. Provided that a light railway shall not be deemed to be a railway within the meaning of the Railway Passenger Duty Act, 1842, and that no 5 & 6 Vict. duties shall hereafter be levied in respect of passengers conveyed 79. on a light railway constructed under this Act in respect of the conveyance of such passengers upon such railway.

13. — (1.) Where any order under this Act incorporates the Lands ° *

Clauses Acts, any matter which under those Acts may be deter- money

mined by the verdict of a jury, by arbitration, or by two justices, andcompen-shall for the purposes of the order be referred to and determined by a single arbitrator appointed by the parties, or if the parties ° do not concur in the appointment of a single arbitrator then by the Board of Trade, and the provisions of this Act shall apply with respect to the determination of any such matter in lieu of those of the Lands Clauses Acts relating thereto. Provided that in determining the amount of compensation, the arbitrator shall have regard to the extent to which the remaining and contiguous lands

420

Ctt 48.

Light Railway8 Act, 1896.

59 & 60 Vict-

52 & 58 Vict c. 49.

Payment of purchase money or compensation.

Provisions as to Board of Trade.

37 & 88 Vict.

c. 40.

Expenses of local authorities.

and hereditaments belonging to the same proprietor may be benefited by the proposed light railway.

(2.) The Board of Trade may, with the concurrence of the Lord Chancellor, make rules fixing a scale of costs to be applicable on any such arbitration, and may, by such rules, limit the cases in which the costs of council are to be allowed.

(3.) The Arbitration Act, 1889, shall apply to any arbitration under this section.

14. Any order under this Act may, notwithstanding anything in the Lands Clauses Acts, authorise the payment to trustees of any purchase money or compensation not exceeding five hundred pounds.

15. — (1.) If the Board of Trade hold a local inquiry for the purposes of this Act, Part I. of the Board of Trade Arbitrations, &e. Act, 1874, shall apply to any inquiry so held as if —

(a) the inquiry was held on an application made in pursuance of a special Act; and

(b) the parties making the application for the order authorising the light railway, and in the case of an inquiry held with reference to an objection made to any such application the persons making the objection in addition, were parties to the application within the meaning of section three of the Act.

(2.) The Board of Trade may make such rules as they think necessary for regulating the procedure under this Act, whether before the Board of Trade or before the Light Railway Commissioners, and any other matters which they may think expedient to regulate by rule for the purpose of carrying this Act into effect.

(3.) There shall be charged in respect of proceedings under this Act before the Board of Trade or the Light Railway Commissioners such fees as may be fixed by the Treasury on the recommendation of the Board of Trade.

(4.) Any expenses of the Board of Trade under this Act shall, except so far as provision is made for their payment by or under this Act, be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(5.) The Board of Trade shall present to Parliament annually a report of their proceedings and of the proceedings of the Light Railway Commissioners under this Act.

16. — (1.) The council of any county, borough, or district may pay any expenses incurred by them and allowed by the Light Railway Commissioners with reference to any application for an order authorising a light railway under this Act, in the case of a county council as general expenses, in the case of a borough council out of the borough fund or rate, and in the case of a district council other than a borough council as general expenses under the Public Health Acts.

Provided that any expenses incurred by a county council under this Act may be declared by the order authorising the railway or, in the event of an unsuccessful application for such an order, by the Light Railway Commissioners, to be exclusively chargeable on certain parishes only in the county, and those expenses shall be

1896.

Light Railways Act, 1896. Ch. 48.

421

levied accordingly as expenses for a special county purpose under the Local Government Act, 1888.

(2.) Where the council of any county, borough, or district are 51 & 52 Vict. authorised to expend any money by an order authorising a light *l-railway under this Act, they may raise the money required, —

(a) if the expenditure is capital expenditure, by borrowing in manner authorised by the order; and

(b) if the expenditure is not capital expenditure, as if it was on account of the expenses of an application under this Act.

(3.) The Board of Trade may from time to time on the application of any council extend, subject to the limitations of this Act, the limit of the amount which the council are authorised by an order under this Act to borrow, or to advance to a light railway company, and the limit so extended shall be substituted for the limit fixed by the order.

(4.) Where an order under this Act authorises any council to borrow for the purposes of a light railway, suitable provision shall be made in the order for requiring the replacement of the money borrowed within a fixed period not exceeding sixty years, either by means of a sinking fund or otherwise.

(5.) Any profits made by a council in respect of a light railway shall be applied in aid of the rate out of which the expenses of the council in respect of the light railway are payable.

(6.) Where a rate is levied for meeting any expenditure under this Act, the demand note for the rate shall state, in a form prescribed by the Local Government Board, the proportion of the rate levied for that expenditure.

17. — (1.) The councils of any county, borough, or district, may Joint com-appoint a joint committee for the purpose of any application for mittees-an order authorising a light railway under this Act, or for the joint construction or working of a light railway, or for any other purpose

in connexion with such a railway for which it is convenient that those councils should combine.

(2.) The provisions or the Local Government Act, 1888, or of the 51 & 52 Vict. Local Government Act, 1894, as the case may be, with respect to 57 Vict joint committees, shall apply to any joint committee appointed c. 73. for the purpose of this Act by any councils who could appoint a joint committee under those Acts, but where the councils have no power under those Acts to appoint a joint committee the provisions in the Third Schedule to this Act shall apply.

18. ^here a company have power to construct or work a railway, Working of they may be authorised by an order under this Act to construct and

work or to work the railway or any part of it as a light railway raijray. under this Act.

19. — (1.) Where any person has power, either by statute or Power of otherwise, to sell and convey any land for the purpose of any owners to grant works of a light railway, he may, with the sanction of the Board ^cementey of Agriculture given under this section, convey the land for that for a light purpose either without payment of any purchase money or compen- y. sation or at a price less than the real value, and may so convey it free from all incumbrances thereon.

422 Ch. 48. Light Railways Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

(2.) Whenever any person who is a landowner within the meaning 27 & 98 Vict of the Improvement of Land Act, 1864, contributes any money °*114* for the purpose of any works of a light railway, the amount so

contributed may, with the sanction of the Board of Agriculture given under this section, be charged on the land of the landowner improved by the works in the same manner and with the like effect as in the case of a charge under that Act.

(3.) The Board of Agriculture shall not give their sanction under this section unless they are satisfied that the works for which the land is conveyed or the money is contributed will effect a permanent increase in the value of the land held by the same title or of other land of the same landowner exceeding, in the case of a conveyance of land, that which is, in the opinion of the Board of Agriculture, the real value of the land conveyed or the difference between that value and the price, as the case may be, and in the case of a contri*-bution of money the amount contributed: Provided also, that if the land proposed to be conveyed is subject to incumbrances, the Board of Agriculture, before giving their sanction under this section, shall cause notice to be given to the incumbrancers, and shall consider the objections, if any, raised by them.

Power to grant 20. The Commissioners of Woods shall, on behalf of Her Crown lands. Majesty, have the like powers to convey Crown lands as are by this Act conferred upon persons having power, either by statute or otherwise, to sell and convey lands, except that in the case of Crown lauds the sanction of the Treasury shall be substituted for the sanction of the Board of Agriculture.

Provision as to 21. — (1.) No land being part of any common, and no ease-

commons. ment over or affecting any common, shall be purchased, taken, or acquired under this Act without the consent of the Board of Agriculture, and the Board shall not give their consent unless they are satisfied that, regard being had to all the circumstances of the case, such purchase, taking, or acquisition is necessary, that the exercise of the powers conferred by the order authorising the railway will not cause any greater injury to the common than is necessary, and that all proper steps have been taken in the interest of the commoners and of the public to add other land to the common (where this can be done) in lieu of the land taken, and where a common is divided to secure convenient access from one part of the common to the other.

(2.) The expression "common'* in this sect:on shall include any land subject to be enclosed under the Inclosure Acts, 1845 to 1882, any metropolitan common within the meaning of the Metropolitan Commons Acts, 1866 to 1878, and any town or village green.

Preservation of 22. If any objection to any application for authorising a light object^of1*1 railway is made to the Light Railway Commissioners, or if any

historical objection to any draft order is made to the Board of Trade on the

interest. ground that the proposed undertaking will destroy or injure any building or other object of historical interest, or will injuriously affect any natural scenery, the' Commissioners and the Boarti of Trade respectively shall consider any such objection, and give to

Ch. 48.

428

1896.

Light Railways Act, 1896.

those by whom it is made a proper opportunity of being heard in support of it.

23. Any junction of a light railway authorised under this Act Junctions with any existing railway shall so far as is in the opinion of the *8tin£ Board of Trade reasonably practicable avoid interference with lines of rails used for passenger traffic.

24. An order authorising a light railway under this Act may be Amendment of altered or added to by an amending order made in like manner order* and subject to the like provisions as the original order.

Provided that —

(a) the amending order may be made on the application of any authority or person; and

(b) the Board of Trade, in considering the expediency of requiring the proposals for amending the order to be submitted to Parliament, shall have regard to the scope and provisions of the original order; and

(c) the amending order shall not confer any power to acquire the railway except with the consent of the owners of the railway.

25. The definition of "Act of Parliament " in the Telegraph Provision as to

Act, 1878, shall include an order authorising a light railway under telegraphs' this Act. 8 i\V2Yi0t

26. This Act shall apply to Scotland with the following modifi- Application to

Cations:— Scotland.

(1.) In section five of this Act the expression "Secretary for Scotland " shall be substituted for the expressions "Board of Agriculture " and " Board of Trade " respectively, occurring in that section;

(2.) References to the council of any county, borough, or district, shall be construed as references to the county council of any county, or the town council, or where there is no town council the police commissioners, of any burgh, or the commissioners of any police burgh, or the district committee of any district under the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889; or in any 52 & 53 Vict. county where there is no district committee any two or more c-50-parish councils may combine;

(3.) " Arbiter " shall be substituted for " arbitrator, " and that arbiter shall be deemed to be a single arbiter within the meaning of the Lands Clauses Acts, and in lieu of the provisions of the Arbitration Act, 1889, the provisions of the Lands Clauses Acts with respect to an arbitration shall apply, except the provisions of the said Acts as to the expenses of the arbitration, in lieu of which the following provision shall have effect, namely, the expenses of the arbitration and incident thereto shall be in the discretion of the arbiter, who may direct to and by whom and in what manner those expenses, or any part thereof, shall be paid, and may tax or settle the amount of expenses to be so paid, or any part thereof, and may award expenses to be paid as between agent and client;

s».s»

424

Ch. 48.

Light Railways Act, 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 51.

58 Vict. 68 Vict.

(4.) The Lord President of the Court of Session shall be substituted for the Lord Chancellor;

(5.) The money necessary to defray expenditure, not being capital expenditure incurred bj' a county council in pursuance of this Act, shall be raised by a rate imposed along with but as a separate rate from the rate for maintenance of roads (herein-after referred to as " the road rate ") leviable under the Roads and Bridges (Scotland) Act, 1878, upon lands and heritages within the county, or the district, or the parish, as the case may be. The money necessary to defray expenditure similarly incurred by a town council, or police commissioners, or burgh commissioners shall ba raised by a rate imposed along with but as, a separate rate from the police assessment or burgh general assessment, as the case may be. If the expenditure incurred is capital expenditure it shall be raised by borrowing in the manner authorised by the order, tho rate chargeable for repayment of capital, including interest and expenses, being the same rate as is liable for maintenance as aforesaid;

(6.) The provisions relating to district councils shall apply to district committees or combinations of parish councils, subject to the following modifications: —

(a.) A district committee shall not be entitled to make an application under section two hereof except with the consent of the county council given at a special or statutory meeting of the council, of which one month's special notice, setting forth the purpose of the meeting, shall have been sent to each councillor:

(6.) A resolution to give such consent shall not be passed by the council unless two-thirds of the councillors present and voting at the special or statutory meeting concur is the resolution: '

(c.) Nothing in this Act shall authorise a district committee to raise money by rate or loan, but any money necessary to defray expenditure, not being capital expenditure incurred by it in pursuance of this Act, shall be raised by the county council by a rate imposed along with but as a separate rate from the road rate; and any money necessary to defray capital expenditure shall be raised by the county council by borrowing in the manner authorised by the order, as in section sixteen hereof mentioned:

(7.) The expression "Clauses Acts " shall mean the Lands Clauses Acts, the Railway Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, the Companies Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, the Companies Clauses Act, 1863, the Railways Clauses Act, 1863, and the Companies Clauses Act, 1869;

(8.) References to the Local Government Act, 1888, and the Local Government Act, 1894, shall be construed as references to the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889, and the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1894;

1896.

Light Railways Act, 1896. Ch. 48.

425

(9.) In order to carry out in Scotland the provisions contained in sub-section (1) (c) of section five of this Act, it shall be the duty of the assessor of railways and canals, as regards any parish to which the said sub-section (1) (c) applies, to enter on his valuation roll either the annual value of the light railway within such parish ascertained in terms of the Valuation of Lands (Scotland) Acts, or the annual value at which the land occupied by or for the purposes of the light railway would have been assessed if it had remained in the condition in which it was immediately before it was acquired for the purposes of the railway, whichever is less;

(10.) Where a light railway constructed under the powers of this Act is owned or leased by an existing railway company, such light railway shall not be valued by the said assessor as part of the general undertaking of the railway company, but shall be valued as a separate undertaking.

27. This Act shall not extend to Ireland. Extent of Act.

28. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, — Definitions. The expression "light railway company " includes any person

or body of persons, whether incorporated or not, who are authorised to construct, or are owners or lessees of, any light railway authorised by this Act, or who are working the same under any working agreement:

The expression "Clauses Acts" means the Lands Clauses Acts, the Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and the Railways Clauses Act, 1863, and the Companies Clauses Acts,

1845 to-1889:

The expression "share capital " includes any capital, whether consisting of shares or of stock, which is not raised by means of borrowing.

[Short title.]

29. This Act may be cited as the Light Railways Act, 1896.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Mode of Passing Special Resolutions.

Section 3.

1. The resolution approving of the intention to make the application must be passed at a meeting of the council.

2. The resolution shall not be passed unless a month's previous notice of the resolution has been given in manner in which notices of meetings of the council are usually given.

3. The resolution shall not be passed unless two-thirds of the members

of the council present and voting concur in the resolution.

426

Ch. 48.

Light Railways, 1896.

59 & 60 Vict.

Section 12.

Section 17.

SECOND SCHEDULE. Enactments relating to Safety, &c.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title or Enactment referred to.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 45. - An Act to amend an Act of the fifth and sixth years of the reign of his late Majesty King William the Fourth relating to highways. The whole Act.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 55. - The Railway Regulation Act, 1842. Sections four, five, six, nine, ten.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 57. - An Act for regulating the gauge of railways. The whole Act.

81 & 32 Vict. c. 119. The Regulation of Railways Act, 1868. Sections nineteen, twenty, twenty-two, twenty-seven, twenty-eight, and twenty-nine.

34 ^35 Vict. c. 78. The Regulation of Railways Act, 1871. Section five.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 76. The Railway Regulation Act (Returns of signal arrangements, working, Ac.), 1873. Sections four and six.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 20. The Railway Returns (Con-tinuous Brakes) Act, 1878. The whole Act.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 34. The Cheap Trains Act, 1883 Section three.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 57. The Regulation of Railways Act, 1889. The whole Act.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Joint Committees.

(a.) Any council taking part in the appointment of a joint committee may delegate to the committee any power which the council may exercise for the purpose for which the committee is appointed.

(5.) A council shall not be authorised to delegate to a joint committee any power of making a rate or borrowing money.

(c.) Subject to the terms of the delegation the joint committee shall have the same power in all respects with respect to any matter delegated to them, as the councils appointing it or any of them.

(d.) The members of the joint committee may be appointed at such times and in such manner, and shall hold office for such period, as may be fixed by the councils appointing them:

Provided that a member shall not hold office beyond the expiration of fourteen days after the day for the ordinary election of councillors of the council by which he was appointed, or in Scotland after the day for the

427

1896. Light Railways, 1896. Ca. 48, 49.

ordinary election of councillors of the council of the county in which the district is situatod.

(e.) The costs of a joint committee shall be defrayed by the councils by whom the committee is appointed, in such proportions as they rnay agree upon, and in the event of their differing in opinion, as may be determined by the Board of Trade on an application by either council.

(f.) When any of the councils joining in the appointment of a joint committee is a county or district council other than a borough council, the accounts of the joint committee shall be audited in like, manner and with the like power to the officer auditing the accounts, and with the like incidents and consequences as the accounts of a county council.

(g.) The chairman at any meeting of the committee shall have a second or casting vote.

(A.) The quorum, proceedings, and place of meeting of a committee, whether within or without the area within which the committee are to exercise their authority, shall be such as may be determined by regulations jointly made by the councils appointing the committee, and in the event of their differing in opinion as may be determined by the Board of Trade on an application by cither council.

(*.) Subject to those regulations the quorum, proceedings, and place of meeting, whether within or without the area within which the committee are to exercise their jurisdiction, shall be such as the committee direct.

CHAPTER 49.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Law Agents and Notaries Public practising in Scotland.

[14th August 1896.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The following words and expressions, when used in this Act, Interpretation, shall have the meanings hereby assigned to them respectively;

(that is to say,)

" The court" means the court of session:

" Law agent" means any person entitled to practise as an agent in the courts of law in Scotland:

"Enrolled law agent" means any law agent enrolled pursuant

to the provisions of the Law Agents (Scotland) Act, 1873, 86 37 Vict-and any Act or Acts explaining or amending the same: c* ‘

" Notary public" means any notary public duly admitted in Scotland.

2. Except during the first twelve months after the passing of this Act, no person shall be admitted as a notary public in Scotland until he shall have been admitted and enrolled as a law agent.

3. After the passing of this Act any notary public may at any time present a petition to the court praying to be admitted as a law agent under the, Law Agents (Scotland) Act, 1873, and any Act or Acts explaining or amending the same, and on the presentation of such petition the court shall dispense with the

Future admission of notaries public.

Admission of notaries public as law agents.

428

Ch. 49, 50.

Law Agents (Scotland) Act 59 & 60 Vict,

Amendment Act, 1896.

Notaries public may be members of the Incorporated Society of Law Agents in Scotland.

Office of clerk of notaries.

Fees of registrar of law agents.

86 & 87 Vict. c. 68.

[Short title.]

as to examinations, indenture, and service, required by the said Acts, and remit the petitioner for examination in forms of process to the examiners appointed in virtue of said Acts, and on his producing a certificate by said examiners that he has passed the said examination, and without making the affidavit of apprenticeship prescribed by the said Act, the court may admit such notary public as a law agent, and authorise his name to be enrolled as a law agent under the said Act, and any Act or Acts explaining or amending the same. The court may in its discretion dispense with the examination in the case of any notary public who has regularly taken out the licence certificate required by law, and has been in practice as a notary public for not less than seven years immediately preceding the date of the passing of this Act.

4. From and after the passing of this Act notaries public, although they are not enrolled law agents, may be admitted as members of the Incorporated Society of Law Agents in Scotland.

5. Upon the occurrence of a vacancy in the office of clerk to the admission of notaries public in Scotland all liability of the Treasury in respect of the salary and expenses of the said office shall cease, but the clerk shall be remunerated by fees which the court of session shall fix by Act of Sederunt.

6. Notwithstanding anything contained in the Law Agents (Scotland) Act, 1873, it shall be competent for the court of session, and they are hereby authorised and required by Act of Sederunt, to fix from time to time such fees as they may think reasonable to be payable to the registrar of law agents in Scotland for and in respect of his statutory duties as such registrar.

7. This Act may be cited as the Law Agents (Scotland) Act Amendment Act, 1896.

CHAPTER 50.

An Act to provide for Superannuation Allowances to Poor Law Officers and Servants, and for Contributions towards such Allowances by such Officers and Servants; and to make other relative provisions.

[14th August 1896.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Short title and 1. This Act may be cited as the Poor Law Officers* Superannua-commeneement ^on Act, 1896, and shall come into operation from and immediately after the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six.

Title of officers and sex rants to superannuation allowances.

Superannuation,

2. Subject to the provisions of this Act, every officer and servant in the service or employment of the guardians of a union or parish

1896.

Poor Law Officers' Superannuation Act, 1896. Ch. 50.

429

who shall become incapable of discharging the duties of his office 27 & 28 Vict. with efficiency, by reason of permanent infirmity of mind or body, c. 42. or of old age, or who shall have attained the age of sixty years and have completed an aggregate service of forty years, or who shall have attained the full age of sixty-five years, shall be entitled on resigning or otherwise ceasing to hold his office or employment, to receive during life out of the common fund of the union, a superannuation allowance according to the scale laid down in this Act.

An officer or servant shall not be entitled to an allowance on the ground of old age unless he has completed the full age of sixty years.

Where an officer or servant has attained the age of sixty-five years and the guardians are of opinion that it would be expedient in the interests of the public service that he should cease to hold his office or employment, it shall be competent for them to require him to retire upon payment to him of the superannuation allowance to which he may be entitled under tt his Act.

3. The scale for superannuation allowances under this Act shall Scale of

be as follows, that is to say:— 'uperwinuation

* allowances.

An officer or servant who has served for ten years but less than eleven years shall be entitled to an annual allowance equal to ten-sixtieths of the average amount of his salary or wages and emoluments during the five years ending on the quarter day which immediately precedes the day on which he ceases to ' hold his office or employment,

With an addition of one-sixtieth of such average amount for every additional completed year of service until the completion of a period of service of forty years, when a maximum allowance of forty-sixtieths shall be granted.

4. All service by an officer or servant under any authority or Beckoning authorities to whom this Act applies shall be aggregated and «ervice. reckoned for the purposes of this Act, whether the service has been continuous or not, and whether his whole time has been devoted to

the service or not.

5. The guardians in computing the amount of superannuation Power to add allowance to any officer or servant may, in consideration of

peculiar professional qualifications, or of special circumstances, SSm.1"06 m and with the consent of the Local Government Board, add a number of years not exceeding ten to the number of years which the officer or servant has actually served in the aggregate.

6. Where a person in receipt of a superannuation allowance Case of under this Act is appointed to any office or employment by any subsequent authority to whom this Act applies, such allowance shall cease to appomtTnen be paid so long as he continues to hold such office or employment,

if the salary or wages and emoluments thereof are equal to, or in excess of the amount of such allowance; if they are not, then only so much of such allowance shall be paid so long as he holds such office or employment as will make up the deficiency. t O

Ff

430 Ch. 50. Poor Law Officers* Superannuation 59 & 60 VICT.

Act, 1896.

Any such person on ceasing to hold such office or employment shall be entitled to reverb to and to receive the full amount of his original superannuation allowance from the authority which granted it.

Forfeiture for 7. An officer or servant who is dismissed or resigns or other-

fraud, &c. wise ceases to hold office in consequence of any offence of a

fraudulent character, or of grave misconduct, shall forfeit all claim to any superannuation allowance under this Act in respect of his previous service, provided that in the case of any such officer or servant the guardians may, if they see fit, return to him out of the common fund of the union a sum equal to the amount of all or part of his contributions under this Act.

Bet urn of contributions and power to grant gratuities and superannuation allowances in certain cases.

8. An officer or servant who has not become entitled to a superannuation allowance, and who loses his office or employment by reason of a reduction of staff, or of any alteration of areas or boundaries, or otherwise ceases to hold his office or employment by reason of bodily injury not occasioned by his own default, or of any other cause whatever other than his own misconduct or voluntary resignation, shall be entitled to receive, out of the common fund of the union, a sum equal to the amount of all his contributions to any such fund under this Act; but if he claims under this section and subsequently obtains a fresh office or employment, he shall not be entitled to reckon his service before obtaining such fresh office or employment towards a superannuation allowance under this Act, unless upon obtaining such fresh office or employment he pays the amount so received to the common fund of the authority under whom he obtains such fresh office or employment.

In any such case of loss of office or employment as aforesaid, the guardians may also, if they see fit, with the sanction of the Local Government Board, grant to the officer or servant a gratuity, payable out of the common fund of the union, not exceeding twice the amount of his salary or wages and emoluments during the year ending on the quarter day which immediately precedes the day on which he ceases to hold his office or employment.

Provided that when such loss of office or employment occurs in a case in which the death, resignation, or insanity of one of the holders of a joint appointment vacates the office of the other, the officer or servant whose office or employment is so vacated, shall, unless he is reappointed by the guardians, and except where in the case of husband and wife the joint appointment is terminated owing to the misconduct of one of them, be entitled to receive during life, out of the common fund of the union, a superannuation allowance, according to the scale laid down in this Act, if such officer or servant has attained the age of fifty years, or has served for not less than twenty years.

eas^ one month's notice in writing shall be given to every ° guardian of the time at which any proposal to add a number of years to the number of years which an officer or servant haa actually served, or of any proposal to return contributions^? Qm

1890. Poor Law Officer sSuperannuation Ch. 50. 431

Act, 1896.

officer or servant who has been dismissed or required to resign, or of any proposal to grant a gratuity under this Act, will be considered.

.10. Every superannuation allowance granted under this Act Allowances not shall be payable to or in trust for the officer or servant, and shall MB*PiaWe* not be assignable or chargeable with his debts or other liabilities.

11. Every board of guardians shall make annually to the Local Annual returns Government Board, in the form and at the time prescribed by the Government Board, a return of all superannuation allowances and gratuities Board, paid by them under this Act during the preceding year, with such particulars as to the names and ages of the recipients and otherwise as the Board shall require.

Contribution.

12. Subject to the provisions of this Act, every officer and Obligation of servant in the service or employment of the guardians of a union officer and shall contribute annually for the purposes of this Act a percentage contrfbut^. amount of his salary or wages and emoluments according to the

scale laid down by this Act, such amount to be from time to time deducted from the salary or wages payable to him and to be carried to and form part of the common fund of the union.

13. The percentage amounts to be deducted annually for the Scale of con-

purposes of this Act shall be as follows, that is to say — tnbutions.

In the case of officers and servants with less than five years' service at the passing of this Act, or appointed after the passing of this Act, two per cent, of the salary or wages and emoluments for each year:

In the case of officers and servants with more than five and less than fifteen years' service at the passing of this Act, two and a half per cent, of the salary or wages and emoluments for each year:

In the case of officers and servants with more than fifteen years' service at the passing of this Act, three per cent, of the salary or wages and emoluments for each year.

Application of Act to other Authorities.

14. The provisions of this Act shall apply to the managers of Application of district schools and sick asylums, and to the managers of the metropolitan asylums district, and to their officers and servants, in asylums, like manner as nearly as may be as they apply to guardians and to

their officers and servants; and the contributions of the officers and servants of such managers shall be carried to and form part of the fund applicable to the general expenses of such managers, and the superannuation allowances and gratuities under this Act shall be paid out of the said fund.

Existing Officers and Servants.

15. Any officer or servant in the service or emploj'me^t of Saving for guardians or any other authority to whom this Act applies ifnay at

Ff 2

482 Ch. 50. Poor Law Officers Superannuation 59 & 60 Vict.

Act, 1896.

any time within three months after the commencement of this Act signify in writing to such authority his intention not to avail himself of the provisions of this Act, and in that event it shall not be obligatory on him, notwithstanding anything in this Act contained, to make any contributions or submit to any deduction from his salary or wages under this Act, nor shall he be entitled to receive any superannuation allowance, gratuity, or other benefit, under this Act

Any such officer or servant who has given such notice as afore-87 & 28 Vict. said shall remain subject to the provisions of the Poor Law Officers* c*Superannuation Act, 1864, and the Acts amending the same as if this Act had not been passed, and those provisions shall for the purposes of this enactment continue in force notwithstanding their repeal by this Act.

Miscellaneous.

Pro virion in mm of paid collectors.

16. In the case of a paid collector of rates or assistant overseer appointed by the guardians of a union for any parish or parishes forming part of the union, the contributions of such collector or assistant overseer shall be carried by the guardians to the credit of the parish or parishes out of which his salary or emoluments is or are paid, in proportion to his respective salaries or emoluments, and any allowance or gratuity to him under this Act shall be charged to the same parish or parishes in the like proportions. 17

Provirion in oam of superintendent j registrars.

17. Superintendent registrars, who are remunerated wholly or partly by fees, shall pay annually the due percentage amount of their fees to the guardians of their respective unions at the time or times prescribed by such guardians respectively, and such amounts shall be carried to and form part of the common fund of the union.

Every such superinteudent registrar shall make annually in the month of October to the guardians of his union a return of the amount of the fees received by him as such superintendent registrar during the year ending on the preceding twenty-ninth day of September, and the amount so returned shall be taken as the basis upon which the percentage deduction shall be made and the superannuation allowance shall be calculated:Provided that such annual return shall be verified by a statutory declaration that the amount so returned does not exceed the total amount received by him as such superintendent registrar during the period in question.

Where the district of a superintendent registrar Is situate in more than one union, the percentage amount of his fees to be carried to the common fund of each union and the amount of any superannuation allowance or gratuity to be paid to him by the guardians of each union shall be in proportion to the rateable value of the portions of the district in each union, to be ascertained by the valuation list in force, or, if there is no valuation list, by the last poor rate.

1896.

433

Poor Law Officers' Superannuation Ch. 50.

Act, 1896.

18. The Local Government Board may, if they think fit, deter- Power of Local mine any question which may arise between guardians or any other g^I^ient authority to whom this Act applies and any officer or servant, and decide which may be referred to them by either party, as to the right questions.

' to or the amount of superannuation allowance of such officer or servant, and the decision of the Local Government Board shall be binding and conclusive.

19. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires — Definitions.

" Guardians " includes the trustees or overseers of any parish

appointed or incorporated under a local Act, and any vestry or other authority charged with the administration of the relief of the poor for any union, parish, or other area:

"Union" includes any parish or other area for which the relief of the poor is administered by guardians as above defined:

" Common fund of the union" means the fund out of which the salaries of the officers of the union, parish, or other area are paid:

" Officer " includes every officer in the service of an authority to whom this Act applies whether his whole time is devoted to the duties of his office or not; and for the purposes of this Act superintendent registrars and registrars of births and deaths and school attendance officers are deemed to be in the service of the guardians of the union in which their districts are situated:

" Servant " includes every servant regularly employed at wages by any such authority as aforesaid:

" Emoluments " includes all fees, poundage, and other payments made to any officer or servant as such for his own use; also the money value of any apartments, rations, or other allowances in kind appertaining to his office or employment:

" Joint appointment " includes any office the tenure whereof is determined by the death, removal, resignation, or incapacity of the holder of another office under the same authority.

20. The enactments specified in the schedule to this Act are Repeal of hereby repealed, subject to the qualification that this repeal shall cntctn, ent*' not affect the payment of any superannuation allowance granted

before the commencement of this Act, nor any other right or liability acquired or accrued nor anything duly done or suffered before the commencement of this Act; and the guardians of any union may if they see fit grant and pay a superannuation allowance under the said enactments to any officer who has retired before the commencement of this Act in the same manner, and subject to the same conditions, as if this Act had not been passed.

21. This Act does not extend to Scotland and Ireland. Extent of Act.

Ch. 50, 51. Poor Law Officers Superannuation 59 & 60 VICT

Act, 1896.

Power of court to prohibit institution o action without leave.

The SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title or Extent of Repeal.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 42, (1864). An Act to provide for Buper&nnuationtfkllow-onces to officers of unions and parishes. The whole Act.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 113. (1866). The Poor Law Amendment Act, 1866. Sections one to three.

80 A SI Vict. c. 106. (1867). The Poor Law Amendment Act, 1867. Sections eighteen and nineteen, and section twenty from or when any parish '* down to " allowance and.* '

83 Vict. c. 2. (1870) - The Dissolved Boards of Management and Guardians Act, 1870. Section ten.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 94. (1870). 39 & 40 Vict. c. 61. (1876). The Medical Officers' Superannuation Act, 1870. The Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876. The whole Act. Section seventeen.

CHAPTER 51.

An Act to prevent Abuse of the Process of the High Court or other Courts by the Institution of Vexatious Legal Proceedings.

[14th August 1896.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in tins present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: 1

1. It shall be lawful for the Attorney-General to apply to the High Court for an order under this Act, and if he satisfies the High Court that any person has habitually and persistently instituted vexatious legal proceedings without any reasonable ground for instituting such proceedings, whether in the High Court or in any inferior court, and whether against the same person or against different persons, the court may, after hearing such person or giving him an opportunity of being heard, after assigning counsel in case such person is unable on account of poverty to retain counsel, order that no legal proceedings shall be instituted by that person in the High Court or any other court, unless he obtains the

1806.

Vexatious Actions Act, 1896. Ch. 51, 52.

435

leave of the High Court or some judge thereof, and satisfies the court or judge that such legal proceeding is not an abuse of the process of the court, and that there is primA facie ground for such proceeding. A copy of such order shall bs published in the London Gazette.

2. — (1.) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland. Extent and

(2.) This Act may be cited as the Vexatious Actions Act, 1896. short title‘

CHAPTER 52.

An Act to amend the Law with respect to the Jurisdiction exerciseable in Cases relating to the Receipt or Possession of Stolen Property.

[14th August 1896.]

EE ifc enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) If any person without lawful excuse receives, or has in Punishment his possession, any property stolen outside the United Kingdom, poss^Slfn of knowing such property to have been stolen, he shall be liable to property penal servitude for any term not less than three years and not more than seven years, or to imprisonment for a term not ex- a Ioa ceeding two years, with or without hard labour, and may be indicted in any county or place in which he has, or has had, the property.

(2.) For the purposes of this section property shall be deemed to have been stolen where it has been taken, extorted, obtained, embezzled, converted, or disposed of, under such circumstances that, if the act had been committed in the United Kingdom, the person committing it would have been guilty of an indictable offence according to the law for the time being of the United Kingdom.

(3.) An offence under this section shall be a felony or misdemeanor according as the act committed outside the United Kingdom would have been a felony or misdemeanor if committed in England or Ireland.

(4.) This section shall be construed and have effect as part of the st & 25 Vict Larceny Act, 1861. c. 96.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Larceny Act, 1896, and the Larceny Act, 1861, and this Act may be cited together as the Larceny Acts, 1861 and 1896.

436

Ch. 53.

Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict,

Amendment of 46 & 47 Vict. c. 60. m. 4 and 7.

Provision in case of a petition against portion of an order.

CHAPTER 53.

An Act to amend the Labourers (Ireland) Acts, 1883 to 1892.

[14th August 1896.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L — (1.) In section four of the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883, " seven days " shall be substituted for " fourteen days " wherever those words occur.

(2.) The notice of a subsequent meeting of a sanitary authority required by the said section four shall not be necessary except in the case of a meeting at which a final resolution is to be passed.

(3.) A representation under section five of the said Act of 1883, or any certificate of a sanitary officer relating to the same, may be amended at any time prior or subsequent to the making of an improvement scheme in pursuance thereof, and the power of amendment hereby given shall include power to permit any such representation to be signed at any stage of the proceedings thereon by any person duly qualified to sign the same, and such signing shall have the same effect as if the representation had been originally so signed; provided that no amendment other than the addition of a signature shall be made without the consent in wiiting in the case of a representation of the persons who originally signed the same, and in the case of a certificate of the sanitary officer, and any signature added shall be verified by a member or officer of the sanitary authority.

(4.) In section seven of the said Act of 1883 " two consecutive weeks" shall be substituted for "three consecutive weeks" and the notices to be served under the said section may be served at the same time as, or at any time after, the publication of the advertisement in that section mentioned.

(5.) Any notice under the said section seven may be served on the agent of the person required to be served in like manner as on such person, and need not be served personally; provided that, if the service is by post, the letter shall be registered.

(6.) Where the Local Government Board direct a local inquiry to be held under the said section seven, the inspector of the Board appointed to hold the inquiry shall, not later than seven days before the day on which the inquiry will be held, forward by post in a registered letter addressed to the usual or last-known place of abode of every owner or reputed owner, lessee or reputed lessee, and occupier of the lands proposed to be taken compulsorily, or of the agents of such persons, a notice of the date on which the inquiry will be held.

2. Where a petition has been lodge 1 unler the principal Acta respecting a portion only of a provisional order, the Local Government Board may divide the order into two orders, and the new order containing the portion of the original o£$er ^o which the

1896.

Labowrers (Ireland) Act, 1896. Ch. 63.

437

petition does not relate shall become absolute in like manner as if no petition bad been lodged, and the new order containing the portion of the original order to which the petition relates shall remain provisional until confirmed.

3. — (t.) For the purpose of taking lands compulsorily by purchase under the principal Acts the provisions of the Lands Clauses Acts with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement shall be deemed to be amended by the provisions contained in the Second Schedule of the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890, and such provisions shall (subject as by this Act provided) be deemed to form part of the principal Acts in like manner as if therein expressly enacted.

(2.) In the construction for the purposes of the principal Acts of the provisions contained in the said Second Schedule to the said Act of 1890, the "local authority" shall mean the sanitary authority, the "confirming Act" shall mean the order of the Local Government Board authorising the improvement scheme, when the same has become absolute or been confirmed, tho " confirming authority0 shall mean the Local Government Board, and references to the said Act of 1890 or to Part I. thereof shall be deemed references to the principal Acts.

4. When a provisional order sanctioning an improvement scheme has become absolute, or been confirmed, as the case may be, the sanitary authority may, subject to the provisions of this section, forthwith enter upon and use for the purposes of the principal Acts the land comprised in the order, notwithstanding that the arbitrator has not framed his award, and the interest payable in the case of a purchase, and the fair rent payable in the case of a lease, shall run as from the time of such entry.

Provided that —

(a) in the case of a purchase the sanitary authority, unless the persons entitled to give a discharge for the purchase money consent to such entry, shall give such security for the purchase money as those persons may require, or shall by way of security deposit in the Bank of Ireland in like manner as if it were purchase money such sum as may be specified in the order, or if no sum is so specified as the Local Government Board direct, and tho sum deposited shall be applied in payment or part payment of the purchase money when determined, and if in excess of the purchase money the balance shall be returned to the sanitary authority, and if less than the purchase money the deficit shall be a charge upon any rates leviable by the sanitary authority, and may be recovered accordingly; and

(b) in the case of a lease, the sanitary authority shall pay on account of rent, until the fair rent is fixed, an annual sum equal to the annual value of the land under the Irish Valuation Acts.

5. The tenancy under a letting by a sanitary authority of any cottage and allotment to an agricultural labourer shall be deemed to be a cottier tenancy within the meaning of the Landlord and

Application of Lands Clauses Acts and 53 & 54 Vict. c, 70.

Entry on land.

Conditions of letting to agricultural labourers.

438

Ch. 53.

Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

23 & 24 Vict c. 154.

Amendment of 54 & 55 Vict. c. 71.8.8,

Conditions for sale of cottages not required for labourers.

Extension of 48 & 49 Vict c. 77. s. 12.

Duration of Acts.

Short title and construction.

Tenant Law Amendment Act (Ireland), 1860, notwithstanding that the allotment exceeds half an acre, and that by the terms of such letting the tenant is bound to keep the windows of such cottage and the fences of such allotment in repair.

6. The inspector who holds a local inquiry under section four of the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1891, and the inspector who makes a complaint, and the inspector to whom authority is given by an order of the Local Government Board under section eight of the said Act, need not be the same person, but may be any inspector of the Local Government Board.

7. A sanitary authority may, with the sanction of the Local Government Board, sell any cottage erected or acquired by them under the principal Acts with the land attached, which has ceased to be required for the purposes of those Acts, subject to the following conditions:—

(1.) The purchaser shall be liable for the repayment of the amount charged on such cottage and land under section eighteen of the Laboureis (Ireland) Act, 1883, and shall not let the same, save in accordance with the conditions of letting specified in section thirteen of the said Act of 1883:

(2.) Such cottage and land shall be offered for sale at a reserve price, being not less than the amount of the costs and expenses paid by the sanitary authority in respect thereof:

(3.) Such cottage and land shall be offered for sale at the said reserve price first to the owner or successor in title of the owner from whom the laud was originally purchased or taken on lease:

(4.) If such owner or his successor in title declines, or within a reasonable time to be specified in the offer made to him neglects, to purchase, such cottage and land shall be offered for sale at the said reserve price to the occupier of the holding from which the land was taken:

(5.) If such occupier declines, or within a reasonable time to be specified in the offer made to him neglects, to purchase, such cottage and land shall be offered for sale by public auction or private tender after publication of advertisements of the sale in the newspapers circulating in the district, at a price not less than the said leserve price.

8. The power to make rules conferred upon the Lord Lieutenant in Council by section twelve of the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1885, shall be construed as including a power to rescind, revoke, amend, or vary such rules.

9. The principal Acts as amended by this Act shall continue in force for five years from the passing of this Act, and until the end of the session of Parliament next ensuing.

10. This Act may be cited as the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1896, and save where inconsistent therewith shall be construed as one with the Labourers (Ireland) Acts, 1883 to 1892 (in this Act referred to as the principal Acts) and the said Acts and this Act may be cited collectively ns the Labourers (Ireland) Acts, 1883 to

189(5 '

1896.

Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1896. Cff. 53, 54.

439

11. The Acts specified in the schedule to this Act are hereby Repeal, repealed to the extent in the third column of that schedule mentioned.

12. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of Commence-November next after the passing thereof, and shall apply to all ment of Act-proceedings begun under the principal Acts in like manner as if

they had been begun after the commencement of this Act.

SCHEDULE.

Acts Repealed.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Extent of Repeal.

46 & 47 Vict 47 Vict. c. 60.- The Labourers (Ireland) In section seven, the words

Act, 1883. " during the month next following the month " in which such adver- ti semen t is published." Section twenty-two.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 77. - The Labourers (Ireland) Section twenty-six.

Act, 1885.

CHAPTER 54.

An Act to amend the Acts relating to Public Health in Ireland.

[14th August 1896.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Powers of Sanitary Authorities.

1. The Local Government Board may, on the application of the Local Govern-sanitary authority of any rural district, or of persons rated to the relief of the poor, the assessment of whose hereditaments amounts J^rai authority; at the least to one tenth of the net rateable value of such district, with powers or of any contributory place therein, by order to be published in the authority. Dublin Gazette, or in such other manner as the Local Government Board may direct, declare any provisions of the Public Health (Ireland) Acts, 1878 to 1890, in force in urban districts to be in force in such rural district or contributory place, and may invest such authority with all or any of the powers, rights, duties, capacities, liabilities, and obligations of an urban authority undCiK)

Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

440 . Ch. 54.

Power to execute works in adjoining districts, and to combine for execution of works.

Power to urban authority to make separate assessment on part of district.

Provision as to private improvement expenses of rural authority.

Power to require water rates to be levied.

those Acts; and such investment may be made either unconditionally or subject to any conditions to be specified by the Board as to the time, portion of the district, or manner, during at and in which such powers, lights, duties, liabilities, capacities, and obligations are to be exercised and attach: Provided that an order of the Local Government Board made on the application of persons rated to the relief of the poor in any contributory place shall not invest the rural authority with any new powers beyond the limits of such contributory place.

2. Any sanitary authority may, with the consent of the sanitary authority of any adjoining district, execute and do in such adjoining district all or any of such works and things as they may execute and do within their own district, and on such terms as to payment or otherwise as may be agreed on between them and the sanitary authority of the adjoining district, or between them and any person with the consent of such last-mentioned sanitary authority, and may with the like consent supply and sell water to any person in such adjoining district, and any two or more sanitary authorities may combine together for the purpose of executing and maintaining any works that may be for the benefit of their respective districts or any part thereof. All moneys which any sanitary authority may agree to contribute for defraying expenses incurred under this section shall be deemed to be expenses incurred by them in the execution of works within their district.

3. An urban authority may divide their district or any street therein into parts for all or any of the purposes of the Public Health (Ireland) Acts, 1878 to 1890, and may abolish or alter any such divisions, and may make a separate assessment on any such part for all or any of the purposes for which the same is formed; and every such part, so far as relates to the purposes in respect of which such separate assessment is made, shall be exempt from any other assessment under the said Acts: Provided that if any expenses are incurred or to be incurred in respect of two or more parts in common the same shall be apportioned between them in a fair and equitable manner.

4. Whenever a rural authority have incurred or become liable to any expenses which by the Public Health (Ireland) Acts, 1878 to 1890, are, or by such authority may be declared to be, private improvement expenses, such authority may make and levy a private improvement rate in the same manner as private improvement rates may be made and levied by an urban authority; and all the provisions of the said Acts applicable to private improvement rates leviable by an urban authority shall apply accordingly to any private improvement rate leviable by a rural authority.

5. — (1.) Where a sanitary authority under the provisions of the principal Act supply water in any urban district or in any contributory place, and an application is made to them by any ten persons rated to the relief of the poor in such urban district, or by any five persons so rated in such contributory place, to charge water rates or water rents in respect of the water so supplied, it shall be incumbent upon the authority to exercise t% powers given

1896.

Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1896. Ch. 64.

441

to them by the principal Act of charging water rates or water rents in respect of all water supplied by them in such ur!»an district or in such contributory place.

(2.) In addition to the matters with respect to which byelaws are authorised to be made by the principal Act, every sanitary authority may make byelaws for the regulation of any water supply provided by them or under their control.

6. The powers as to markets conferred on urban sanitary powers of

authorities by the one hundred and third section of the principal urban sanitary Act shall be construed to include a power to improve and extend a# to

any existing market belonging to the sanitary authority.

7. Where a local authority which is also a sanitary authority Power to grant are by law empowered to grant a superannuation allowance to any uc^noe in °n of their officers, they shall, if they think fit, with the consent of respect of the Local Government Board, take into consideration, in calculating duties under the amount of such allowance, any duties which the officer may have Health discharged under the Public Health (Ireland) Acts, 1878 to 1890, or

this Act.

8. — (1.) For the purpose of taking lands compulsorily by purchase Application of under the Public Health (Ireland) Acts, 1878 to 1890 (iD this section ^lau8e9 referred to as "the principal Acts"), the provisions of the Lands Housing of Clauses Acts with respect to the purchase and taking of lands Working otherwise than by agreement shall be deemed to be amended by the Act' provisions contained in the Second Schedule of the Housing of 3g & 54 vict Working Classes Act, 1890, and such provisions shall (subject as c. 70. by this section provided) be deemed to form part of the principal Acts in like manner as if therein expressly enacted.

(2.) In the construction for the purposes of the principal Acts of the provisions contained in the said Second Schedule to the said Act of 1890, the " local authority " shall mean the sanitary authority, the "confirming Act" shall mean the Act of Parliament confirming the provisional order of the Local Government Board empowering the sanitary authority to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Acts, the " confirming authority " shall mean the Local Government Board, and references to the said Act of 1890 or to Part I. thereof shall be deemed references to the principal Acts.

Port Sanitary Authori.

9. — (1.) The Local Government Board may, by provisional order, Constitution of permanently constitute any sanitary authority whose district or part of whose district forms part of or abuts on any part of a port au °nty* in Ireland, or the waters of such port, the sanitary authority of the whole of such port or of any part thereof (in this Act referred to as the " port sanitary authority ").

(2.) The Local Government Board may also by provisional order permanently constitute a port sanitary authority for the whole or any part of a port, by combining any two or more sanitary authorities having jurisdiction within such port, or any part thereof,

442

Ch. 54.

Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

Jurisdiction of port sanitary authority.

Powers of port sanitary authority.

Delegation of powers by port sanitary authority.

Expenses of port sanitary authority.

and may prescribe the mode of their joint action; or by forming & joint board consisting of representative members of any two or more sanitary authorities, in the same manner as is by the principal Act provided with respect to the formation of a united district; and the Local Government Board may by provisional order permanently constitute a port sanitary authority for any two or more ports, by forming a joint board consisting of representative members of all or any of the sanitary authorities having jurisdiction within such ports, or any part thereof.

(3.) In any case in which the Local Government Board are by this section authorised permanently to constitute by provisional order a port sanitary authority, the said Board may, if they think fit, until such order has been made and confirmed by Parliament, temporarily constitute by order any such authority, and may renew any such last-mentioned order, and may by any order so made or renewed make any such provisions as they are by this section empowered to make by provisional order.

(4.) Any order constituting a port sanitary authority may assign to such authority any powers, rights, duties, capacities, liabilities, and obligations under the Public Health (Ireland) Acts, 1878 to 1890, or this Act, and direct the mode in which the expenses of such authority are to be paid; and, where such order constitutes a joint board the port sanitary authority, it may contain regulations with respect to any matters for which regulations may be made by a provisional order forming a united district under the principal Act.

(5.) A port in this Act means a port as established for the purposes of the laws relating to the Customs of the United Kingdom.

10. The order of the Local Government Board constituting a port sanitary authority shall be deemed to give such authority jurisdiction over all waters within the limits of such port, and also over the whole or such portions of the district within the jurisdiction of any sanitary authority as may be specified in the order.

11. The Local Government Board may by order assign to any port sanitary authority any powers, rights, duties, capacities, and obligations under the Infectious Disease Prevention Act, 1890, with the necessary modifications.

12. A port sanitary authority may, with the sanction of the Local Government Board, delegate to any sanitary authority within or bordering on their district the exercise of any powers conferred on such port sanitary authority by the order of the Local Government Board, but, except in so far as such delegation may extend, no other authority shall exercise any powers conferred on a port sanitary authority by the order of the Local Government Board within the district of such port sanitary authority. 13

13. — (1.) Any expenses incurred by a port sanitary authority constituted temporarily in carrying into effect any purposes of this Act shall be defrayed out of a common fund to be contributed by the Sanitary authorities whose districts abut on or form part of the

Ch. 54.

443

1896.

Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1896.

port in such proportions as the Local Government Board think just.

(2.) Such port sanitary authority shall raise the proportion of expenses due in respect of their own sanitary district in the same manner as if such expenses had been incurred by them in the ordinary manner for the purposes of the principal Act.

(3.) For the purpose of obtaining payment from the contributory sanitary authorities of the sums to be contributed by them, such port sanitary authority shall issue their precept to each such authority, requiring such authority, within a time limited by the precept, to pay the amount therein mentioned to such port sanitary authority, or to such person as such port sanitary authority may direct.

(4.) Any contribution payable by a sanitary authority to such port sanitary authority shall be a debt due from them, and may be recovered accordingly, such contribution in the case of a rural authority being deemed general expenses of that authorit}'. If any sanitary authority make default in complying with the precept addressed to them by such port sanitary authority, such port sanitary authority may, instead of instituting proceedings for the recovery of the debt, or in addition to such proceedings, as to any part of the debt which may for the time being be unpaid, proceed in the summary manner in this Act mentioned to raise within the district of the defaulting authority such sum as may be sufficient to pay the debt due.

(5.) Where several sanitary authorities are combined in the district of one port sanitary authority the Local Government Board may by order declare that some one or more of such authorities shall be exempt from contributing to the expenses incurred by such authorities.

14. — (1.) Where any port sanitary authority, joint board, or Proceedings other authority, are authorised, in pursuance of this Act, to proceed for raising a in a summary manner to raise within the district of a defaulting of debt authority such sum as may be sufficient to pay any debt due to within district them, the authority so authorised for the purpose of raising such of a defaulting sum shall, within the district of the defaulting authority, have, so aut onty‘ far as relates to the raising such sum, the same powers as if they were the defaulting authority, and as if such sum were expenses properly incurred by the defaulting authority within the district of such authority.

(2.) Where the defaulting authority have power to raise any moneys due for their expenses by levy of a rate from individual ratepayers, the authority so authorised as aforesaid shall have power to levy such a rate by any officer appointed by them, and the officer so appointed shall have the same powers, and the rate shall be levied in the same manner and be subject to the same incidents in all respects as if it were being levied by the officer of the defaulting authority for the payment of the expenses of that authority; and where the defaulting authority have power to raise moneys due for their expenses by issuing precepts, or otherwise requiring payments from any other authorities, the authority so authorised as aforesaid shall have the same power as the defaulting §

444

Ch. 54.

Public Health (Ireland) A, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

authority would have of issuing precepts, or otherwise requiring payment from such other authorities.

(3.) Any precepts issued by the authority so authorised as aforesaid for raising the sum due to them may be enforced in the same manner in all respects as if they had been issued by the defaulting authority.

(4.) The authority so authorised as aforesaid may, in making an estimate of tho sum to be raised for the purpose of paying the debt due to them, add such sums as they think sufficient, not exceeding ten per cent, on the debt due, and may defray thereout all costs, charges, and expenses (including remuneration to any persons they may employ) to be incurred by such authority by reason of the default of the defaulting authority; and the authority so authorised as aforesaid shall apply all moneys raised by them in payment of the debt due to them, and such costs, charges, and expenses as aforesaid, and shall render the balance, if any, remaining in their hands after such application to the defaulting authority.

Power of Board to enforce Performance of Duty by defaulting Local.

Proceedings on 15. — (1.) Where complaint is made to the Local Government

to Board that a sanitary authority has made default in providing their default of; district with sufficient sewers, or in the maintenance of existing

local authority, sewers, or in providing their district with a supply of water, in cases where danger aiises to the health of the inhabitants from the insufficiency or unwholesomeness of the existing supply of water, and a proper supply can be got at a reasonable cost, or that a local authority has made default in enforcing any provisions of the Public Health (Ireland) Acts, 1878 to 1890, or this Act, which it is their duty to enforce, the Local Government Board, if satisfied, after due inquiry, that the authority has been guilty of the alleged default, shall make an order limiting a time for the performance of their duty in the matter of such complaint If such duty is not performed by the time limited in the order, such order may be enforced by writ of Mandamus, or the Local Government Board may appoint some person to perform such duty, and shall by order direct that the expenses of performing the same, together with a reasonable remuneration to the person appointed for superintending such performance, and amounting to a sum specified in the order, together with the costs of the proceedings, shall be paid by the authority in default; and any order made for the payment of such expenses and costs may be removed into the Queen's Bench Division of the High Court, and be enforced in the same manner as if the same were an order of such Division.

(2.) Any person appointed under this section to perform the duty of a defaulting sanitary authority shall, in the performance and for the purposes of such duty, be invested with all the powers of such authority other than the powers of levying rates; and the Local Government Beard may by order change any person so appointed.

(3.) Section two hundred and eleven of the principal Act is hereby repealed.

1896.

Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1896. Ch. 54.

445

16. — (1.) Town commissioners under the Towns Improvement Provision with (Ireland) Act. 1854. or any Act incorporating that Act in whole or respect to

in part, may, when assessing any rate leviable throughout the whole JJ^by town of their district, divide the rate so as to show the respective portions commissioners, thereof required for sanitary purposes within the meaning or section 17 & is Vict. two hundred and twenty-seven of the principal Act, and for other iw. purposes.

(2.) Mortgages of rates made by town commissioners under section two hundred and thirty-seven of the principal Act for such other purposes shall be charged upon the portion only of such rates required for those purposes.

(3.) Mortgages of rates made before the passing of this Act by town commissioners under the said section two hundred and thirty-seven for such other purposes shall not be deemed invalid by reason of such mortgages including any portion of such rate3 required for sanitary purposes only.

Miscellaneous,

17. Section two hundred and forty-eight of the principal Act Audit of shall apply to the accounts of every joint board constituted under acJoanta* section thirteen of that Act, and the Local Government Board shall ascertain and determine what proportion of the salaries paid to the auditors mentioned in section six of the Local Government Board & 36 Vict. (Ireland) Act, 1872, should be paid in respect of the audit of the °*69* accounts of any such joint board or of any urban sanitary authority,

and the amount so ascertained in respect of each such board or authority shall be payable by such board or authority, and shall be paid accordingly to such bank or person as the Local Government Board may direct.

18. In the application to Ireland of the Infectious Disease Meaning of (Notification) Act, 1889, and the Infectious Disease (Prevention) "ejj^|°ccr Act, 1890, the expression "the medical officer of health of the Myfet district " shall mean the medical officer of the dispensary district c. 7a. and Provided that where a medical superintendent officer of health is 54 vict* appointed for a sanitary district, the Local Government Board may

by order direct that for all the purposes of the said Acts such medical superintendent officer shall be substituted for the medical officer of the dispensary district, and upon the making of such order the said Acts shall have effect in their application to that sanitary district as if such substitution had been made therein.

19. The powers of burial boards as to making additions to any Powen of burial ground shall extend to a burial ground attached to and jjff contiguous to a place of worship, if the Local Government Board |0 ^rtajnUOn* shall be of opinion that such addition is desirable, and, after such burial grounds, inquiry as appears to them to be necessary, shall so order, and

the provisions of the one hundred and eighty-fourth section of the principal Act shall apply accordingly.

20. If in the case of any burial ground attached or contiguous Powen u to to a Roman Catholic place of worship, the ownership of such vigting certain burial ground is not vested in any person or persons, corporation, Cjff *

Q g loud.

PMic Health (Ireland) Act, 1896. 59 & 60 Vict.

446 Ca. 54.

or limited company, and the parish priest officiating for the time being in such place of worship is desirous of putting the burial ground under the management of the burial board of the district, it shall be lawful for him so to do, and the provisions of the one hundred and eighty-seventh section of the principal Act shall apply accordingly.

Powers of 21. — (1.) In a town, not being an urban sanitary district, town

missioned as commissioners for the time being existing for the paving, lighting, to fairs and or cleansing of that town, under any public or pri vate Act of

markets. Parliament or any charter, shall, for the purpose of the one hundred

and third section of the principal Act, be deemed to be an urban authority, and the said section, as amended by this Act, shall apply accordingly.

(2.) For the purpose of byelaws to be made by towns commissioners in pursuance of the powers conferred on them by the said section, the provisions of the fifty-seventh section of the Towns Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1854, shall apply both as regards fairs and markets, and shall be deemed to be incorporated with this Act.

Amendment of 22. The approval of the Local Government Board to byelaws *'g7! go?' made under the Baths and Washhouses (Ireland) Act, 1846, shall, for the purpose of section twenty of that Act, be substituted for the approval of one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

Definition of 23. In the application to Ireland of the Public Health and Local aiuhorit Government Conferences Act. 1885, the expression "clerk to the 48 & 49 Vict. local authority" shall include any executive sanitary officer, c. 23. borough surveyor, or engineer or other officer duly apixnnted by

the local authority to attend conferences or meetings under that Act.

Amendment of 24. If the person appointed under sub-section seven of section 1*217(7). *wo hundred and seventeen of the principal Act by the arbitrators to be an umpire refuses to act, the arbitrators shall forthwith appoint another person in his stead.

25. The signature by the executive sanitary officer of tho c. 52. b. ar.r^' sanitary authority of any document referred to in section two hundred and sixty-six of tho principal Act shall be sufficient authentication thereof for the purposes of the said section.

endmen1 of 26.‘ In section forty of the principal Act, the words "erect or"

c. 52. t. 4o.Ct shall be inserted before the words "bring forward."

27. In section twenty-eight of the principal Act the word c. 52. ». 28. " levelled " shall be inserted after the word "sewered " where that

word first occurs in the said section.

Application to . 28. The expression "Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1874, " where-soa4« Vict. c. 75. ever it occurs in the Rivers Pollution Prevention Act, 1876, shall, ndiiVuYicu in the application of the said Act of 1876, to Ireland, bo con-c 75, ctrued as meaning the Public Health (Ireland) Acts, 1878 Iq

1890,

1&96.

Public tiealtk (Ireland) Act, 1896.

Cu. 5 4.

447

29. Section two hundred and forty-seven of the principal Act is Amendment of hereby repealed from the words ‘‘Provided that" to the end of the |2^Jct' section.

30. The schedule to this Act shall be read and have effect as Construction part of the principal Act, and the form contained in the said of schedule, schedule, or a form to the like effect varied as circumstances may require, may be used and shall be sufficient for all purposes.

31. In the interpretation of the expression "Sanitary Acts " in Interpretation

section two of the principal Act, the expression "in force" means of 4‘&42 vict-in force for the time being. c' ° 8‘2-

32. All buildings, offices, and premises vested in, or in the saving in occupation of Her Majesty the Queen, either beneficially or as part respect of of the hereditary revenues of the Crown, or in trust for the public

. mi. .« a, , vested in tno

service, or for public purposes, or in the occupation of any depart- Crown.

ment of Her Majesty's Government, or used or employed for public

purposes, shall he and are hereby exempted from the provisions

of this Act, and also from the provisions of the Public Health

(Ireland) Acts, 1878 to 1890: Provided that nothing in this Act

shall in anywise prejudice, affect, or make void any matters or

things heretofore done by any sanitary authority in pursuance of

the said Acts in connexion with or in relation to the buildings,

offices, or premises referred to in this section.

33. — (1.) The principal Act shall, as from the passing of this. Const ruction

Act, take effect subject to the additions and omissions required by °d»plAnt, V.'g this Act

(2.) Every copy of the principal Act printed after the passing of this Act, by authority of Her Majesty, shall be printed with the additions and omissions required by this Act.

34. In this Act ilie expression " the principal Act" means the Definitions. Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878; and the expression "the Public 41 42 ' ct* Health (Ireland) Acts, 1878 to 1890," means the Public Health 42 a 43 V et. (Ireland) Act, 1878, the Public Health (Ireland) Amendment Act, c. 57.

1879, the Public He 11th (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1884, the 477* 48 v, ‘t-Public Health Act, 1889, and the Public Health Acts Amendment 5 . & 53 Vict. Act, 1890, and the expression "town " includes a township having c. 64. commissioners. *3.*54Vut '

35. This Act may be cited as the Public Hedth (Ireland) Act, Short title aid 1890, and save where inconsist.nt therewith shall be construed constl, ctl'JU* as one with the Public Health (Ireland) Acts, 1878 to lw90, ard those Acts and this Act may be cited collectively as the Public Health (Ireland) Acts, 1878 to 1896.

SCHEDULE.

Form of Notice requiring Oienct to setter, <$r. Private Street

To the owner of cei ta:n premises

fronting, adjoining, or abutting on a certain street calkd within the district of [describe the sanitary authority].

448

Ch. 54, 55. Public Health (Ireland) 1896. 59 & 60 VICT

Whereas the said street is not sewered, levelled, paved, flagged, and channelled to the satisfaction of the above-named [];

and whereas jour said premises front, adjoin, or abnt on certain parts of the said street which require to be sewered, levelled, paved, flagged, and channelled $ Now, therefore, the said [sanitary ], hereby give

yon notice (in pursuance of the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, as amended by the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1896), to sewer, level, pave, flag, and channel the same within the space of [state the ] from the date hereof, in manner following; (that is to say,) the sewers to be laid or made [here describe the mode to be adopted and material to be used] of the sizes and forms, and at the rate of inclination, shown on the plans and sections of the works as prepared by the surveyor of the [sanitary authority].

Each gully for surface draining, and its connexion with the sewer, to be placed as shown on the said plans, and to be constructed of the forms, materials, and dimensions as shown on the said plans.

A foundation for the carriageway and footway in the said street to be formed in the following manner [here describe the mode to be adopted and the material to be usedJ, and the said carriageway ood footway to be paved [here describe the mode to be adopted and the material to be ].

The channel stones to be [here describe the mode to be adopted and the material to be used]. The curb or Bide stones to be [here describe the mode to be adopted and the material to be used].

The whole of the above-mentioned works to be executed by you in accordance with the plans and sections he rein-before referred to, and now lying for inspection by you at the office of the [sanitary ], situate

in, Street, in aforesaid, and the dimensions, widths,

and level* shown thereon, and to be done in a good, workmanlike, and substantia) manner, to the satisfaction of the said [sanitary ], or

their surveyor.

Dated this day of 18

(Signed)

Clerk to the said [sanitary authority].

CHAPTER 66.

An Act to make provisions relating to the offices of Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the Court of Quarter Sessions for the County of London.

[14th August 1896.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to authorise and provide for the grant of pensions to the chairman and deputy chairman of the court of quarter sessious for the county of London and to provide for the appointment of deputies and clerks as in this Act set forth:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1896.

Quarter /Sessions (London) Act, 1896. Ch. 65,

449

1. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty the Queen to assign a pension to the chairman or to any deputy chairman of the court of quarter sessions for the county of London —

(a) after such chairman or deputy chairman shall have attained the age of seventy years, if he shall then havo completed fifteen years service; or

(b) after such chairman or deputy chairman shall have completed fifteen years service, if he shall attain the age of seventy years before having completed fifteen years service; or

(c) in the event of such chairman or deputy chairman being disabled by permanent infirmity from the performance of the duties of his office.

Provided that no such pension shall exceed in amount two-thirds of the salary of the chairman or deputy chairman as the case may be.

2. It shall be lawful for a Secretary of State, in case such Providing chairman or deputy chairman shall be absent by reason of sickness for

or other unavoidable c iuse, or shall be absent on such other of depntU^. occasions as may be allowed by such Secretary of State, to appoint a barrister of not less than ten years standing to act as chairman or deputy chairman in the absence of such chairman or deputy chairman, as the case may be, and in case the chairman and deputy chairman shall both be absent as aforesaid, to appoint two barristers of not less than ten 3 ears standing to act as chairman and deputy chairman during the absence of such chairman and deputy chairman. There shall be paid to every barrister so appointed the sum of five pounds five shillings for every day on which he shall sit and act os chairman or deputy chairman.

3. It shall be lawful for the chairman of the court of quarter Appointment sessions for the county of London for the time being to appoint any finnan0 person he may think fit and proper to be his clerk, and to remove

such clerk at his pleasure. There shall be paid to such clerk a salary at a rate not exceeding two hundred and fifty pounds a year.

4. It shall be lawful for the deputy chairman of the court of Appointment quarter sessions for the county of London for the time being to appoint any person he may th?nk fit and proper to be his clerk ch«irmau. and to remove such clerk at his pleasure. There shall be paid to

such clerk a salary at a rate not exceeding one hundred and fifty pounds a year.

5. Every pension, fee, and salary paid under this Act shall be Payments by

paid by the London County Council out of the county fund os a ^°ndori general county purpose. Council.

6. Section forty-three of the London County Council (General Section 43 of

Powers) Act, 1895 (pension to chairman of court of quarter sessions), Act of iso.* shall not apply to any chairman appointed after the passing of that future1* Act. chairmen.

Providing for a pension for the chairman and deputy chairman.

7. This Act may be cited os the Quarter Sessions (London) Act, Start title. 1896.

450

Ch. 56, 5?. Wild Birds Protection Act, 1890. 59 & 60 Vic#.

Extension of powers under 43 & 44 Vict. c. 33.

Publication of orders.

Explanation of 57 & 58 Vict. c. 24.

Power to forfeit traps, nets, snares, &c.

Application . to Scotland.

Extent of Act.

Short title and collective title.

CHAPTER 56.

An Act to amend the Wild Birds Protection Acts.

[14th August 1896.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excelic nt Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. From and a*ter the passing of this Act the powers exerc:seable by the Secretary of State on application under section eight of the Wild Birds Protection Act, 1880, shall extend to the making of an order prohibiting, for special reasons mentioned in the application, the taking or killing of particular kinds of wild birds during tho whole or any part of that peritxl of the year to which the protection of wild birds under that Act does not extend, or the taking or killing of all wild birds in particular places during the whole or any part of that period.

2. Public notice of any order made under this Act shall be given in the manner required by the Wild Birds Protection Act, 1894, with respect to orders made under that Act

3. The powers exerciseable under the Wild Birds Protection Act, 1894, by the county council of an admin:strative county are hereby declared to be exerciseable by the council of a county Wongh, and any expenses incurred by the council of a county borough under that Act or this Act may £e defrayed out of the borough fund or borough rate.

4. Where any person is convicted of an offence against this Act or the principal Act, the court may, in addition to any penalty that may be imposed, order any trap, net, snare, or decoy bird used by such person for taking any wild bird to be forfeited.

5. This Act shall apply to Scotland with the substitution of the Secretary for Scotland for a Secretary of State.

6. This Act shall not extend to Ireland.

7. This Act may be cited as the Wild Birds Protection Act' 3890, and shall be construed with the Wild Birds Protection Act, 1880, the Wild Biids Prot<ction Act, 1881, and the Wild Birds Protection Act, 1894, and those Acts and this Act maybe cited collectively as the Wild Birds Protection Acts, 1880 to 1896.

CHAPTER 57.

An Act to provide for the Trial of Burglaries by Courts of Quarter Sessions.

[14th August 1896.]

E it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows vj

1898.

Burglary, 1896. Ch. §7, 58.

451

1. — (1.) A court of quarter sessions shall, notwithstanding Trial of

anything in the Quarter Sessions Act, 1842, hvve jurisdiction to bur8'1*rie8 try a person charged with burglary. Msaion*/

(2.) A justice of the peace when committing for trial a person charged with burglary shall, nevertheless, commit him for trial before a court of assize unless, owing to the absence of any circumstances which make the case a grave or difficult one, he thinks it expedient, in the interests of justice, to commit him for trial before a court of quarter sessions; and the Assizes Relief 52 & 53 Vict Act, 1889, shall apply. c. 12.

2. — (1.) The Act of the session of the fifth and sixth years of short title, the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter thirty-eight, intituled

" An Act to define the jurisdiction of justices in general and quarter sessions of the peace, " is in this Act referred to, and may be cited, as the Quarter Sessions Act, 1842. 5 & 6 Vict.

(2.) This Act may be cited as the Burglary Act, 1896. c

3. This Act shall not apply to Scotland or Ireland. Extent of Act.

CHAPTER 58.

An Act for authorising the Treasury to guarantee the Interest on certain Capital of the West Highland Railway Company, and pay a Sum of Money to that Company.

[14th August 1896.]

WHEREAS by the West Highland Railway Act, 1894, the 57 & 58 Vict.

West Highland Railway Company were authorised to con- c* obstruct an extension of their railway from Banavie to Mallaig (in this Act called the railway), with a pier and ether works in connexion therewith, and to raise the necessary capital for that purpose, and by section fifty-two of the Act certain provisions were to take effect in the event of the Treasury being authorised t > guarantee and guaranteeing, for a period of thirty years from the date of the opening for passenger traffic of the railway, the payment of interest or dividend at the rate of three pounds per centum per annum on two hundred and s xty thousand pounds of the share and loan capital to be raised under the Act, and granting a sum of thirty thousand pounds towards the cost of constructing the pier, breakwater, and other works by the Act authorised, and it is expedient that the Treasury be authorised to give such guarantee a:d make such grant:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and conscut of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) The Treasury may, subject to the terms and conditions Power for contained in the agreement datal the tenth day of March one Treasury to thousand eight hundred and ninety-six, between Willpfpd H^yes fn^st o»

* 52

certain capital of West High' laud Bail way Company, 8tc.

Limit of rates.

[Short title.]

Ch. 58, West Highland Railway Guarantee 59 & 60 Vict.

Act, 1896.

Fisher, Esquire, and Edward George Villiers Stanley (commonly called Lord Stanley), two of the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and the West Highland Railway Company (being the agreement in the schedule to this Act), guarantee for a period of thirty years from the date of the opening for passenger traffic of the railway, the payment of interest or dividend at the rate of three pounds per centum per annum on two hundred and sixty thousand pounds of the share capital to be raised under the West Highland Railway Act, 189 *, and may on the completion of the said pier, breakwater, and other works, pay to the company the said sum of thirty thousand pounds, and the sums required for the purposes of this section shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament, and if those moneys are insufficient shall be charged on and paid out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof.

(2.) During the said period of thirty years the Board of Trado shall make an annual report to Parliament as to the condition and working of the railway, the rates and charges for traffic, and the receipts and expenditure of any company in working the railway.

2. During the period, not exceeding the said period of thirty years, for which the whole or any part of the interest or dividend guaranteed by this Act shall be payable by the Treasury, the railway shall not be assessed to any local rate at a higher value than that at which the land occupied by the railway would have been assessed if it had remained in the condition in which it was immediately before it was acquired for the purpose of the railway.

3. This Act may be cited as the West Highland Railway Guarantee Act, 1896.

SCHEDULE.

AGREEMENT between the Treasury and the West Highland Railway Company.

An Agreement under Seal made this tenth day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six, between William Hayes Fisher, Esquire, and Edward George Villiers Stanley (commonly called Lord Stanley), two of the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury (herein* after called " the Treasury "), of the first part, and the West Highland Railway Company (herein-after called " the Company ") of the second part:

Whereas by the West Highland Railway Act, 1894 (herein-after called " the said Act"), the Company were empowered to construct an extension of their railway from Banavio to Mallaig, with a pier and other works connected therewith, and to raise two hundred and sixty thousand pounds additional shore capital and to borrow one hundred and twenty-eight thousand pounds as in the said Act mentioned.

And whereas sections 51 and 52 of the said Act are as follows

(51.) "In the event of the Treasury being authorised to guarantee the payment of interest or dividend on the whole or any portion of the share and loan capital to be raised under this Act, and to grant any sum or sums

1890.

West Highland Railway Guarantee Act, 1896. Ch. 58.

453

i

t

i

3<

* r

of money towards the cost of constructing the pier, breakwater, and other works by this Act authorised, the Company may enter into and fulfil agreements with the Treasury with respect to such guarantee and grant, and may accept and comply with such conditions and obligations as the Treasury may attach thereto, provided that such conditions and obligations do not diminish the security of any mortgages or debenture stock granted or issued by the Company before the date of such Agreement."

(52.) " In the event of the Treasury being authorised to guarantee and guaranteeing, for a period of thirty years from the date of the opening for passenger traffic of the railway by this Act authorised, the payment of interest or dividend at the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, on two hundred and sixty thousand pounds of the share and loan capital to be raised under this Act, and granting a sum of thirty thousand pounds towards the cost of constructing the pier, breakwater, and other works by this Act authorised, sections 41 and 43 of the North British Railway Act, 1893, and the Agreement set forth in the Third Schedule to that Act, except Article Seventh thereof, shall be held to extend to and include the railway, pier, breakwater, and works by this Act authorised, and if the net revenue accruing to the Company from the said railway, pier, breakwater, and works after payment of the items included in Article Sixth of the said Agreement is not, along with the interest or dividend to be received by the Company from the Treasury, sufficient in any half-year, to pay interest or dividend for such half-year, at the rate of three pounds per centum per annum on the whole paid-up share and loan capital of the Company to be raised under this Act, the North British Railway Company shall contribute such sum as may be necessary to make up interest or dividend at that rate upon the paid-up share and loan capital of the Company, and may under* take to contribute such additional sum as may be necessary to make up such' interest or dividend to the rate of three pounds ten shillings per centum per annum, and the whole surplus if any of the net revenues of the Company, after payment of such interest or dividend at either of the rates aforesaid, shall belong and be paid to the North British Railway Company."

And whereas Her Majesty's Government propose to introduce a Bill into Parliament authorising the Treasury to guarantee on such terms as they think fit for a period of thirty years from the date of the opening for passenger traffic of the railway authorised by the said Act (herein-after referred to as " the railway ") the payment of interest or dividend at the rate of three pounds per centum per annum on the two hundred and sixty thousand pounds of share capital to be raised under the said Act and to grant the said sum of thirty thousand pounds:

It is agreed in the event of the said Bill becoming an Act as follows:— (1.) From the date of the opening for traffic of any portion of the railway, the Company will in the first instance apply fifty per cent, of the gross revenues arising therefrom after payment thereout of (1) Government duty and (2) poor school county and other rates and taxes towards payment of a dividend of three per centum on the above-mentioned capital of two hundred and sixty thousand pounds.

(2.) The Company shall render to the Board of Trade, half-yearly or otherwise as the Treasury may direct, returns of all traffic arising or terminating on or passing over the railway and of the gross revenues arising therefrom.

(3.) The Company will pay the costs incurred by the Board of Trade in checking such returns and seeing that the said traffic and gross revenues are duly accounted for.

(4.) The Company will keep or procure to be kept by the Company working the railway proper and sufficient accounts and vouchers, which

H. h

454 Ch. 58. West Highland Railway Guarantee 59 & 60 Vict.

1896.

shall be open at all reasonable times to examination and transcription by the Board of Trade.

(5.) On the fulfilment by the Company from time to time and at all times during the continuance of this Agreement of the above conditions, the Treasury will guarantee for a period of thirty years from the date of the opening for passenger traffic of the railway, the payment of interest or dividend at the rate of three pounds per centum per annum on the two hundred and sixty thousand pounds of share capital to be raised under the said Act, and will pay half-yearly to the Company such sum as along with the balance of fifty per centum of the gross revenues of the Company arising from the railway after payment thereout of Government duty and rates and taxes as aforesaid may be necessary to enable the Company to pay a dividend for the half-year immediately preceding the date of payment of three pounds per centum per annum on the said capital of two hundred and sixty thousand pounds.

(6.) Her Majesty's Government will pay to the Company the said sum of thirty thousand pounds towards the cost of the construction of the said pier and breakwater on the completion thereof being certified by the Board of Trade.

(7.) No liability shall attach to the Treasury under this Agreement other than the liability to pay in accordance with clause 6 of this Agreement the said sum of thirty thousand pounds, and from time to time during the continuance of this Agreement such sums as may be required to give effect to clause 5 of this Agreement out of moneys provided by Parliament, or if such moneys are not sufficient, out of moneys charged on and paid out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof; provided that such last-mentioned moneys shall not be payable as part of the annual charge for the National Debt.

(8.) If at any time during the continuance of this Agreement the portion of the undertaking of the Company authorised by the said Act is, with the sanction of Parliament, acquired by and transferred to or amalgamated with the undertaking of any other company or companies, then, on the completion of such acquisition, transfer, or amalgamation such other company or companies shall be and be deemed to be substituted for the Company in these presents.

---

(9.) This Agreement is in substitution of the Agreement between the Company and two of the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, dated the seventh day of May one thousand eight hundred and nine-five.

In witness whereof the parties hereto of the first part have to one part of these presents set their hands and seals and the Company have to another part of these presents caused their Common Seal to be affixed the day and year first above written.

The Common Seal of the West Highland Railway Company was hereunto affixed in the presence of

G. B. Stricland,

Secretary, West Highland Railway Company.

1896. Baths and Washhouses Act, 1896. Ch. 59. 455

CHAPTER 59.

An Act to amend the Baths and Washhouses Acts.

[14th August 1896.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the provisions of the Baths and Washhouses Act, 1878, with respect to the use which may be made of baths provided under the Baths and Washhouses Acts, 1846 to 1882:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice. and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Baths and Washhouses Act, 1896, and this Act and the Baths and Washhouses Acts, 1846 to 1882, may be cited together for all purposes as the Baths and Washhouses Acts, 1846 to 1896.

[Amendment of 41 & 42 Vict c. 14 s. 5.]

2. From and after the passing of this Act the following proviso to section five of the Baths and Washhouses Act, 1878, viz.: "Provided always that no covered or open swimming bath when closed may be used for music or dancing," shall be repealed, so far as the administrative county of London is concerned.

Provided always —

[56 & 57 Vict. c. 73. ss. 7 and 33 (1) (6).]

(a.) That the Commissioners appointed under the Baths and Washhouses Acts, 1846 to 1896, or any sanitary authority or other representative body to whom the powers of the said Commissioners shall have been transferred by any order of the Local Government Board made under the provisions of the Local Government Act, 1894, which Commissioners, sanitary authority, or representative body, are herein-after referred to as "such Commissioners," shall before any such bath is used for music or dancing obtain a licence from the London County Council in the manner herein-after prescribed;

(b.) That no portion of the premises in respect of which the licence is granted be let otherwise than occasionally to any person or persons corporate or otherwise, and that no money for admission be taken at the doors;

(c.) That such Commissioners be responsible for any breach of the conditions on which the licence is granted which may occur during any entertainment given on such premises by their permission.

[Licence by London County Council.]

3. At any annual licensing meeting, or at any other meeting duly convened with fourteen days previous notice, the London County Council may grant a licence for music or dancing, or for both purposes, to such Commissioners, subject to the provisions of

[25 Geo. 2. c. 36. 51 & 52 Vict. c. 41.]

the Disorderly Houses Act, 1751, as amended by the Local Government Act, 1888.

457

TABLE III.

A

TABLE

OF

The Titles of the Local and Private Acts passed during the Session.

59 & 60 VICTORIA. — A.D. 1896.

LOCAL ACTS.

The Titles to which the Letter P. is prefixed are Public Acts of a Local Character.

Royal Assent, 27th March 1896.

i. AN Act to extend the time for the completion of the Acton -Junction Railway of the Metropolitan District Railway Company. (Metropolitan District Railway (Extension of time).)

Royal Assent, 31st March 1896.

P. ii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act 1870 to enable the School Board for Tottenham to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Provisional Order Confirmation (Tottenham).)

P. iii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to a portion of the Parish of Kensington St. Mary Abbotts and to the St. Olave and Strand Districts in the County of London. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (Notting Hill &c.).)

Royal Assent, 21st May 1896.

P. iv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order for forming a Compensation District and establishing a Compensation Board under the Brine Pumping (Compensation for Subsidence) Act 1891. (Brine Pumping (Compensation for Subsidence) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

P. v. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 relating to Cupar Water. (Cupar Water Order Confirmation.)

P. vi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Secretary for Scotland under Part I. of the Housing of the Working Classes Act 1890 relating to the City and Royal Burgh of Aberdeen. (Aberdeen Improvement Scheme Provisional Order Confirmation.)

P. vii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act 1863 and the Acts amending the same relating to the Bunkey Drainage District in the Counties of Limerick and Tipperary. (Drainage and Improvement of Lands Supplemental (Ireland).)

viii. An Act to make provision with reference to the winding-up of the Kent and Surrey Permanent Benefit Building Society. (Kent and Surrey Permanent Benefit Building Society's.)

ix. An Act to extend the time for the sale of superfluous lands of the Millwall Dock Company. (Millwall Dock.)

x. An Act for incorporating the Uxbridge and Rickmansworth Railway Company and for other purposes. (Uxbridge and Rickmansworth Railway.)

xi. An Act to enable the Liverpool Warehousing Company Limited to issue transferable certificates and warrants for the delivery of goods and for other purposes. (Liverpool Warehousing Company Limited (Delivery Warrants).)

xii. An Act to authorise the transfer of the undertaking of the Liverpool Electric Supply Company Limited to the Corporation of Liverpool. (Liverpool Electric Supply (Transfer).)

xiii. An Act to confer further powers on the Cheltenham Gas Light and Coke Company and for other purposes. (Cheltenham Gas.)

xiv. An Act to incorporate the subscribers to the Customs' Annuity and Benevolent Fund and for other purposes. (Customs' Annuity and Benevolent Fund.)

xv. An Act to enable certain alterations to be made in the Plan of Arrangement of the affairs of the English Scottish and Australian Chartered Bank and for other purposes. (English Scottish and Australian Bank Limited.)

xvi. An Act to confer further powers on the Waterford and Central Ireland Railway Company for the construction of new Railways to form part of the Central Ireland Railway to authorise that Company and the Kilkenny Junction Railway Company to amalgamate their undertakings and for other purposes. (Central Ireland Railway.)

xvii. An Act to revive and extend some of the powers of the Sutton Bridge Dock Company to make further provisions with respect to their unissued capital and for other purposes. (Sutton Bridge Dock)

xviii. An Act for incorporating the Bideford Westward Ho! and Appledore Railway Company and for other purposes. (Bideford Westward Ho! and Appledore Railway.)

xix. An Act to provide for the transfer of Cavendish Bridge to the County Council of Leicestershire and for the transfer of Harrington and Willington Bridges to the County Council of Derbyshire and for winding up the trusts of the said Bridges and for other purposes. (Cavendish Harrington and Willington Bridges (Transfer).)

xx. An Act for empowering the Dewsbury and Heckmondwike Waterworks Board to construct additional Waterworks and for other purposes. (Dewsbury and Heckmondwike Water.)

xxi. An Act to incorporate and confer powers on the Liverpool Cattle Market Company and for other purposes. (Liverpool Cattle Market)

xxii. An Act for appropriating the Leper Hospital of Saint Stephen in the City of Waterford and converting the same into a Public Infirmary for the County of Waterford and the County of the City of Waterford and to make provision for the establishment management and maintenance of the said Infirmary and for other purposes.

xxiii. An Act for the granting of further powers to the Guildford Gaslight and Coke Company. (Guildford Gas.)

xxiv. An Act to confer further powers upon the Great Eastern Railway Company and for other purposes. (Great Eastern Railway (General Powers).)

xxv. An Act for conferring further powers on the Ilfracombe Gas Company. (Ilfracombe Gas.)

xxvi. An Act to make further provision respecting the Gas and Water Supply of the Corporation of Rotherham and for other purposes. (Rotherham Corporation.)

xxvii. An Act for the granting of further powers to the Fylde Waterworks Company and for other purposes. (Fylde Water.)

P. xxviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (Poor Law).)

P. xxix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Clitheroe Goole Halifax Llandudno Plymouth Stratford-upon-Avon Swansea and Wallasey. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. xxx. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Brighouse Fulstone-and-Hepworth Hanley-Stoke-and-Fenton Hertford-and-Ware Isle-of-Thanet Sittingbourne-and-Milton Stone Stroud and Wallsend-and-Willington-Quay Joint Hospital Districts. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

Royal Assent, 2nd July 1896.

xxxi. An Act for the conversion of the existing Preference Stock of the Buenos Ayres and Ensenada Port Railway Company Limited and for other purposes. '(Buenos Ayres and Ensenada Port Railway Company's.)

xxxii. An Act for empowering the Corporation of Birmingham to make certain deviations of the Aqueduct authorised by the Birmingham Corporation Water Act 1892 and to construct an additional short line of railway and to acquire additional lands and for other purposes. (Birmingham Corporation Water.)

xxxiii. An Act to extend the time for completing and opening the Brighton and Rottingdean Seashore Electric Tram road to raise additional Capital and for other purposes. (Brighton and Rottingdean Seashore Electric Tramroad.)

xxxiv. An Act to confer additional powers on the Trustees of the Harbour of Dundee and to amend the Acts relating to the Harbour and for other purposes. (Dundee Harbour (Additional Powers).)

xxxv. An Act to amend the Glasgow Delinquency Prevention and Repression Act 1878. (Glasgow Delinquency Prevention and Repression Amendment.)

xxxvi. An Act for amending the Metropolitan Market Acts 1857 and 1865 and for other purposes. (Metropolitan Market.)

xxxvii. An Act to authorise the construction of Railways from and to Muirkirk Mauchline and Dalmellington and other places in the County of Ayr. (Muirkirk Mauchline and Dalmellington Railways.)

xxxviii. An Act for empowering the British Gas Light Company Limited to extend their Works and to expend further Capital at Norwich. (British Gas Light Company Limited (Norwich).)

xxxix. An Act to amend the Great Northern London Cemetery Act 1876 in reference to the disposal of superfluous lands and for other purposes. (Great Northern London Cemetery.)

xl. An Act for empowering the Corporation of the Royal Burgh of Irvine to construct a Weir or Dam across the River Irvine to construct a new Bridge over the said river with roads of access thereto to widen alter and improve streets and for other purposes. (Irvine Burgh Improvement.)

xli. An Act for reconstituting the Company of Free Fishers and Dredgers of Whitstable in the county of Kent and for altering and enlarging their powers and for other purposes. (Whitstable Oyster Fishery.)

xlii. An Act for vesting the undertaking of the South Leeds Junction Railway Company in the East and West Yorkshire Union Railways Company and for other purposes. (East and West Yorkshire Union Railways (South Leeds Junction Railway Transfer).)

xliii. An Act to empower the National Life Assurance Society and the Mutual Life Assurance Society to amalgamate and for other purposes. (National Mutual Life Assurance Society's.)

xliv. An Act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of King's Lynn to cover over a portion of the Mill Fleet and with the consent of the Commissioners of Sewers for the County of Norfolk to use the Middleton Stop Drain as storm overflows and to raise additional moneys and for other purposes. (King's Lynn Corporation.)

xlv. An Act for the creation of New Preferred and Deferred Converted Ordinary Shares of William Hancock and Company Limited and for other purposes. (William Hancock and Company Limited (Further Capital).)

xlvi. An Act for incorporating the Cawood Wistow and Selby Light Railway Company and for other purposes. (Cawood Wistow and Selby Light Railway.)

xlvii. An Act to authorise the Newport Godshill and St. Lawrence Railway Company to further improve and extend their Railway towards Ventnor and for other purposes. (Newport Godshill and St. Lawrence Railway.)

xlviii. An Act to amend Section 61 of the Leeds Hydraulic Power Act 1886. (Leeds Hydraulic Power.)

xlix. An Act to extend the time limited by the Padiham Local Board Act 1889 for the construction of certain works thereby authorised. (Padiham Urban District Council (Water).)

l. An Act to empower the Corporation of the Borough of South Shields to apply for an increase of Aldermen and Councillors to construct Street Tramway Quay and other works to make better provision for the health and good government of the Borough and for other purposes. (South Shields Corporation.)

li. An Act to enable the London County Council to work their Tramways and for other purposes. (London County Tramways.)

lii. An Act to empower the Corporation of Barnsley to obtain Water from Hagg Brook and other tributaries of the River Porter or Little Don in the Township of Bradfield for the supply of the Borough of Barnsley and other places and to borrow further Money to extend their Limits of Water Supply and for other purposes. (Barnsley Corporation (Water).)

liii. An Act to extend the Agreement scheduled to the Sheffield Tramways Act 1872 and to authorise the winding up voluntarily of the Sheffield Tramways Company. (Sheffield Tramways.)

liv. An Act to authorise the Company of Proprietors of Lambeth Waterworks to execute further works and to raise further money and for other purposes. (Lambeth Waterworks.)

lv. An Act to transfer to and vest in the Urban District Council of the Urban District of Brixham in the County of Devon the undertaking of the Commissioners for improving

the Harbour and Market of Brixham to dissolve those Commissioners and for other purposes. (Brixham Harbour and Market.)

lvi. An Act to authorise the Mersey Railway Company to work the Traffic on their Railways by Electrical or other Motive Power and for other purposes. (Mersey Railway.)

lvii. An Act for authorising the Bexhill Water and Gas Company to acquire additional Lands and to raise further Capital and for other purposes. (Bexhill Water and Gas.)

lviii. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Colwyn Bay and District Gas Company. (Colwyn Bay and District Gas.)

lix. An Act to empower the Roxburgh Berwick and Selkirk District Board of Lunacy to construct Waterworks for the supply of water to their Asylum to make provision for the cost of such works and for other purposes. (Roxburgh Berwick and Selkirk District Board of Lunacy (Water Supply).)

lx. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Cowes Gas Company. (Cowes Gas.)

lxi. An Act to provide an additional supply of Water to the Burgh of Falkirk and districts and places adjacent and for the construction and maintenance of new and additional Waterworks to confer further powers on the Falkirk and Larbert Water Trustees and for other purposes. (Falkirk and District Water (Additional Supply).)

lxii. An Act for making a Railway from Stroud to Painswick to be called the Stroud and Painswick (Light) Railway and for other purposes. (Stroud and Painswick (Light) Railway.)

lxiii. An Act for conferring on the Corporation of the borough of Stafford further sanitary and other powers. (Stafford Corporation.)

lxiv. An Act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Manchester in the County of Lancaster with respect to Street Improvements and other works and the acquisition of Lands to provide for the transfer of the Monsall Hospital to the Corporation and for extending the limits for the Supply of Water by the Corporation and for other purposes. (Manchester Corporation.)

lxv. An Act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Leeds to construct additional Tramways and for other purposes. (Leeds Corporation Tramways.)

lxvi. An Act for making a Light Railway between Salehurst in the county of Sussex and Tenterden in the county of Kent and for other purposes. (Rother Valley (Light) Railway.)

lxvii. An Act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the county borough of Huddersfield to construct additional Waterworks and for other purposes. (Huddersfield Waterworks.)

lxviii. An Act to empower the District Committee of the Middle Ward of the County of Lanark to abandon certain Works authorised by the Lanarkshire (Middle Ward District) Water Act 1892 and to construct additional Waterworks to amend the provisions of that Act to authorise and require the County Council of the County of Lanark to levy Assessments and to borrow Money and for other purposes. (Lanarkshire (Middle Ward District) Water.)

lxix. An Act for transferring to the Great Southern and Western Railway Company the powers of the Drumcondra and North Dublin Link Railway Company incorporated by the Drumcondra and North Dublin Link Railway Act 1894 to empower the Great Southern and Western Railway Company to abandon the construction of Railway No. 2 authorised by that Act and to construct another Railway in lieu thereof to stop up certain Streets and Roads to enter into Agreements with other Companies and for other purposes. (Great Southern and Western Railway.)

lxx. An Act for empowering the Cambrian Railways Company to make approach roads to certain of their Stations to acquire additional Lands to raise further Money for those purposes and also for doubling and improving their Line and for other purposes. (Cambrian Railways.)

lxxi. An Act for authorising the Ystradyfodwg Urban District-Council to acquire the Gas and Water Undertakings of the Ystrad Gas and Water Company to construct Waterworks and for other purposes. (Ystradyfodwg Urban District Council (Gas and Water).)

lxxii. An Act to extend the District of the Malvern Link Urban District Council to authorise the Urban District Council of the extended District to construct Waterworks for the supply thereof and for other purposes. (Malvern Link (Extension and Water).)

lxxiii. An Act to authorise the Governor and Company of Chelsea Waterworks to lay down a New Main from West Molesey to Surbiton to construct an additional Filter Bed and other Works at Surbiton and to raise further money by debenture stock and to confer further powers upon them. (Chelsea Waterworks.)

P. lxxiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Borough of Bridgwater and to the Counties of Cambridge and Hertford. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. lxxv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the* Local Government Board relating to the Counties of Devon Dorset Gloucester Somerset Warwick Wilts and Worcester. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. lxxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the City of Oxford and the Parish of Whitechapel. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (Poor Law) (No. 2).)

P. lxxvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Public Health (Scotland) Act 1867 and any Acts amending the same relating to Bonnybridge Dennyloanhead Parkfoot Longcroft Haggs and Hollandbush Water. (Bonnybridge &c. Water Order Confirmation.)

P. lxxviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act 1888 containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic and the Schedule of Maximum Rates Tolls and Charges applicable thereto for the Strabane Canal. (Canal Rates Tolls and Charges (Strabane Canal) Order Confirmation.)

P. lxxix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act 1888 containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic and the Schedule of Maximum Tolls and Charges applicable thereto for the Caledonian and Crinan Canals. (Canal Tolls and Charges (Caledonian and Crinan Canals) Order Confirmation.)

P. lxxx. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act 1888 containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic and the Schedule of Maximum Tolls and Charges applicable thereto for the Canals of the Burwell Fen Drainage and Navigation Commissioners and certain other Canals. (Canal Tolls and Charges (Burwell Fen &c.) Order Confirmation.)

P. lxxxi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State under the Metropolitan Police Act 1886 relating to lands in the Parishes of St. John the Evangelist Westminster and All Saints Poplar. (Metropolitan Police Provisional Order Confirmation.)

P. lxxxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Cowes Folkestone Gloucester Huddersfield King's Lynn Manchester and Wells. (Electric Lighting. Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. lxxxiii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Colwyn Bay and Colwyn Devonport Godalming Kettering Kingstown and Middleton. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. lxxxiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Ashton-on-Mersey and Bucklow and Keswick. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 6).)

P. lxxxv. An Act to confirm two Provisional Orders made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Londonderry and Ballinasloe. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. lxxxvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Rural Sanitary District of the Belfast Union. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. lxxxvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Town of.Portrush. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 5).)

P. lxxxviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Urban Sanitary District of Coleraine. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 6).)

P. lxxxix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Rural Sanitary District of the Sligo Union. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 7).)

P. xc. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Sanitary Districts of Queenstown Larne Manorhamilton and Donegal. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 8).)

P. xci. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Rural Sanitary District of the Sligo Union. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 10).)

P. xcii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Rural Sanitary District of Mullingar. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 12).)

P. xciii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1861 relating to the Langley Chedgrave and Toft Monks Marshes in the Parishes of Langley Chedgrave Toft Monks Stockton Haddiscoe Loddon Raveningham and Reedhaxn in the county of Norfolk. (Land Drainage Supplemental.)

P. xciv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Birchington Bexhill Herne Bay Penzance Porthgain Stonehaven and Studland. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. xcv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Chester-le-Street and Pelton Gas Maidstone Gas and Settle Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation.)

Royal Assent, 20th July 1896.

P. xcvi. An Act to transfer the Upper and Lower Boyne Navigations to the Boyne Navigation Company (Limited). (Boyne Navigation Transfer.)

P. xcvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Merchant Shipping Act 1894 relating to the London and English Channel Pilotage Districts. (Pilotage Order Confirmation.)

P. xcviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Fort William Gas and Laindon Gas and Water. (Gas and Water Orders Confirmation.)

P. xcix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Public Health (Scotland) Act 1867 and any Acts amending the same relating to Kelty Water. (Kelty Water Order Confirmation.)

P. c. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Ports of Colchester Newcastle North Shields Plymouth South Shields and Weymouth. (Local Ooverment Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (Ports).)

P. ci. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Axbridge Basford Bath Cambridge Carlisle Hanwell Richmond (Surrey) Southall-Norwood Stocksbridge Waltham-Holy-Cross and Woking. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 6).)

P. cii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Chorley Epsom-(Rural)-Sutton-Carshalton-and-Leatherhead Evesham Guildford-Godalming-and* Woking Havant Lanchester Liversedge-and-Mirfield and Luddenden Joint Hospital Districts. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 7).)

P. ciii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Church-and-Clayton-le-Moors Clayton-le-Moors-and-Great-Harwood Conway-and-Colwyn-Bay Stourbridge Upper-Stour-Valley Whitchurch and Ystradyfodwg-and-Pontypridd United Districts. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 8).)

P. civ. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Bromley-and-Beckenham Calverley Dewsbury North Bierley Pontefract Rochester-and-Chatham Tamworth Thornton Warwick and Wirral Joint Hospital Districts. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 9).)

P. cv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Barnstaple Bournemouth (two) Devonport Oxford Prestwich Southport and Stapleton. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 10).)

P. cvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Oakwell Sandown-and-Shanklin Tiverton and Uxbridge Joint Hospital Districts. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 11).)

P. cvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Accrington and Church Birmingham Tame and Rea Darenth Valley and Richmond (Surrey) United Districts. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 12).)

P. cviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Aberavon Ashton-under-Lyne Derby Hexham and Stalybridge and to the Braintree and Keighley-and-Bingley Joint Hospital Districts. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 14).)

P. cix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the County of Hertford and the City of Liverpool (two). (Govermr*ent Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 17).)

P. cx. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Batley Darlington Haverfordwest Lancaster Manchester and Mountain Ash. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 18).)

P. cxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Burnley Leicester Oldham Wigan and Wolverhampton. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 19).)

P. cxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 and the Public Health Act 1875 relating to Great Driffield Sandwich South Molton and Tiverton. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (Gas).)

P. cxiii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Warrington. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (Warrington).)

P. cxiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Public Health (Scotland) Act 1867 and Acts amending the same relating to Culter Water. (Culter Water Order Confirmation.)

P. cxv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Public Health (Scotland) Act 1867 and any Acts amending the same relating to Dalmeny and Kirkliston Water. (Dalmeny and Kirkliston Water Order Confirmation.)

P. cxvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Rural Sanitary District of Larne. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 9).)

P. cxvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Bray Cork Liverpool Queenstown Rathmines and Rathgar and Sale. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 8).)

P. cxviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Great Berkhamsted and Northchurch Great Crosby and Waterloo Margate and Pembroke Township. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. cxix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Battersea Camberwell and St. Saviour's District. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

P. cxx. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Aberdeen District Tramways Blackpool Corporation Tramways Bristol Tramways Dover Corporation Tramways Hull Corporation Tramways Manchester Corporation Tramways and Plymouth Corporation Tramways. (Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. cxxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Dunoon Helensburgh and Killybegs. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. cxxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Secretary of State under the Military Lands Act 1892. (Military Lands Provisional Orders Confirmation.)

cxxiii. An Act to authorise the Matlock Bath and Scarthin Nick Urban District Council to supply Gas and to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of the Matlock Bath Gaslight and Coke Company Limited to the said Council and for other purposes. (Matlock Bath Gas.)

cxxiv. An Act to provide for the collection and appropriation of the Falmouth Hector's Rate and the eventual suspension or abolition of the same and for annexing to the See of Truro the advowson of the Rectory of Falmouth and for other purposes. (Falmouth Rectory.)

cxxv. An Act to extend the Boundaries of the Borough of Waterford to transfer to the Corporation the powers for fiscal purposes of the Grand Jury of the County of the City of Waterford to make further provision as to buildings streets and sanitary matters and for other purposes. (Waterford Corporation.)

cxxvi. An Act for conferring further powers on the South Eastern Railway Company and to make further provision with respect to their own undertaking and other undertakings in which they are interested and for other purposes. (South Eastern Railway.)

cxxvii. An Act to authorise the transfer of certain Waterworks to the East Surrey Water Company and to extend the limits of supply of and confer further powers upon that Company and for other purposes. (East Surrey Water.)

cxxviii. An Act to confer further powers on the London Brighton and South Coast and London and South Western Railway Companies to authorise certain alterations of the Chipstead Valley Railway and for other purposes. (London Brighton and South Coast Railway.)

cxxix. An Act to revive the powers and extend the period for construction of the Blackpool Saint Anne's and Lytham Tramways in the County Palatine of Lancaster and for other purposes. (Blackpool St. Anne's and Lytham Tramways.)

cxxx. An Act to alter the North Shore Works authorised to be constructed by the Blackpool Improvement Act 1893 and for other purposes. (Blackpool Improvement.)

cxxxi. An Act for the amalgamation of Foyle College and the Londonderry Academical Institution. (Foyle College.)

cxxxii. An Act to empower the Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Gateshead Gas Company to purchase additional lands to make additional works and to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Gateshead Gas.)

cxxxiii. An Act to authorise the Waterworks Commissioners of Kirkcaldy and Dysart to make and maintain additional works for providing an increased Water Supply and for other purposes. (Kirkcaldy and Dysart Waterworks.)

cxxxiv. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company and the London and North Western Railway Company with regard to their respective undertakings and with regard to the North Union Preston and Longridge and Preston and Wyre Undertakings of those Companies and for other purposes. (Lancashire and Yorkshire and London and North Western Railway Companies.)

cxxxv. An Act to confer further powers upon the Borough of Portsmouth Waterworks Company as to the construction of works and for other purposes. (Borough of Portsmouth Waterworks.)

cxxxvi. An Act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Sheffield to work and use their Sheffield Tramways Undertaking. (Sheffield Corporation Tramways.)

cxxxvii. An Act to authorise the transfer of the undertaking of the Shoreham and District Waterworks Company to and to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Brighton and for other purposes. (Brighton Corporation Water.)

cxxxviii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Great Northern Railway Company to empower the Great Eastern Railway Company to grant a further lease of their Ramsey Railway to that Company to vest in the Great Northern and Great Eastern Joint Committee the undertaking of the Ramsey and Somersham Junction Railway Company and for other purposes. (Great Northern Railway.)

cxxxix. An Act for conferring further powers on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company and for other purposes. (Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway.)

cxl. An Act to authorise the North British Railway Company to acquire additional lands to extend the time limited by certain Acts for the compulsory purchase of lands and completion of works to legalise and sanction a widening of a portion of the Forth and Clyde Junction Railway near Buchlyvie Station to authorise the said Company to raise further capital and for other purposes. (North British Railway.)

cxli. An Act to authorise the Swansea Harbour Trustees to make a new entrance to the half-tide Basin of the Town Float to construct a Lock to form a new entrance to the half-tide Basin of the South Dock a Railway and other works to borrow further money and for other purposes. (Swansea Harbour.)

cxlii. An Act to make further and better provision in regard to the health local government and improvement of the Borough of Royal Leamington Spa and for other purposes. (Leamington Corporation.)

cxliii. An Act to reconstitute the Board of Directors of the Freshwater Yarmouth and Newport Railway Company for raising further moneys and for other purposes. (Freshwater Yarmouth and Newport Railway.)

cxliv. An Act to empower the Great Western Railway Company to make new Railways in the county of Denbigh and to authorise Agreements between that Company and the Shropshire Union Railways and Canal Company and the London and North Western Railway Company and for other purposes. (Great Western Railway (Denbighshire Railways).)

cxlv. An Act to enable the Port Talbot Railway and Docks Company to construct new Railways and works in the Ogmore Valleys in the county of Glamorgan to acquire the Morfa Railway and the Cefn and Pyle Railway and for other purposes. (Port Talbot Railway and Docks (Ogmore Valleys Extension).)

cxlvi. An Act to confer further powers upon the Belfast Street Tramways Company and for other purposes. (Belfast Street Tramways.)

cxlvii. An Act for incorporating the Blackpool and Fleetwood Tramroads Company and empowering them to construct a Tram road and Tramway between Blackpool and Fleetwood and for other purposes. (Blackpool and Fleetwood Tramroad.)

cxlviii. An Act to transfer Burton Bridge to the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Burton-upon-Trent in the County of Stafford to enable them to widen little Burton Bridge to make further provision for the good government of the Borough and for other purposes. (Burton-upon-Trent Corporation.)

cxlix. An Act for conferring further powers upon the London and North Western Railway Company in relation to their own undertaking and other undertakings in which they are interested jointly with other Companies and also for conferring powers upon the Great Western Railway Company and the Shropshire Union Railways and Canal Company and for other purposes. (London and North Western Railway.)

cl. An Act for empowering the Visiting Committee of the North Wales Counties Lunatic Asylum to execute works foi supplying the said Asylum with water and for other purposes. (North Wales Counties Lunatic Asylum (Water Supply).)

cli. An Act to confer further powers upon the Portsmouth Street Tramways Company and for other purposes. (Portsmouth Street Tramways.)

clii. An Act to enable the Corporation of Yeovil to construct an additional Reservoir and other waterworks and to raise money for the purpose by borrowing on mortgage or otherwise. (Yeovil Corporation Waterworks.)

cliii. An Act to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of lands and completion of Works authorised by the Weaver Navigation Act 1893 and for other purposes. (Weaver Navigation.)

cliv. An Act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Preston to construct further works to borrow additional moneys for the purposes of the Ribble Navigation and Preston Dock Undertaking and for other purposes. (Ribble Navigation.)

clv. An Act to authorise the Burntisland Harbour Commissioners to construct a Wet Dock and other works to provide for an alteration of the constitution of the Commissioners and to confer on the Commissioners the North British Railway Company and the Magistrates and Town Council of Burntisland further powers with reference to the Harbour and for other purposes. (Burntisland Harbour.)

clvi. An Act to confer further powers on the North Cornwall Railway Company. (North Cornwall Railway.)

clvii. An Act to confer further powers on the Metropolitan District Railway Company and for other purposes. (Metropolitan District Railway.)

clviii. An Act for authorising the construction of works for supplying Sea Water to certain parts of London and other places and for other purposes. (London Sea Water Supply.)

clix. An Act to confer additional powers upon the North Eastern Railway Company for the construction of works and the acquisition of additional lands and for other purposes. (North Eastern Railway.)

clx. An Act to confer further powers on the Caledonian Railway Company in relation to their undertaking to confer running powers and facilities on the Caledonian Railway Company and the Glasgow and South Western Railway Company over certain Railways of those Companies respectively to extend the time for the sale of superfluous lands of the Cathcart District Railway Company to revive and extend the time for the purchase of lands for and for the completion of certain Railways and works of the Caledonian Railway Company and the Railways and works authorised by the Dumbarton and Balloch Joint Line &c. Act 1892 and for other purposes. (Caledonian Railway.)

Royal Assent, 7th August 1896.

P. clxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Amersham Beaconsfield and District Water Burnham and District Water East Huntingdonshire Water Hemel Hempstead Water Maidstone Water and Tilehurst Pangbourne and District Water. (Water Orders Confirmation.)

P. clxii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Urban Sanitary District of Armagh. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. clxiii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Rural Sanitary District of Listowel. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 11).)

P. clxiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Acts 1870 to 1893 to enable the School Boards for Acton Brighton-and-Preston United District Chiswick Linthwaite Swansea United District and Willesden to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Provisional Orders Confirmation (Acton &c.).)

P. clxv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act 1888 relating to the Classification of Merchandise Traffic and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges of the Lee-on-the-Solent Light Railway Company the Liverpool St. Helens and South Lancashire Railway Company the Wrexham and Ellesmere Railway Company and the Donoughmore Extension Light Railway Company Limited. (Railway Rates and Charges (Lee-on-the-Solent Light Railway Order Confirmation)

P. clxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Blyth and Cowpen Tramways Oldham Ashton-under-Lyne Hyde and District Electric Tramways Potteries Extension Tramways and Swansea (Constitution Hill) Tramway. (Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. clxvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Abergele and Pensarn Bridgnorth Caerphilly Knighton Litherland Swansea and Teignmouth. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. clxviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban District of Blackpool and the Rural Districts of Chelmsford Hartley and South Mimms. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 16).)

P. clxix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Cheltenham Shrewsbury and Warrington. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 20).)

P. clxx. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Wolverhampton. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 21).)

P. clxxi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Nottingham. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 22).)

P. clxxii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Borough of Longton. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 24).)

P. clxxiii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act 1870 to enable the School Board for London to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Provisional Order Confirmation (London).)

P. clxxiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Board of Agriculture relating to the Regulation of Darwen Moor in the Borough of Darwen. (Commons Regulation (Darwen) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

P. clxxv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Allerton Little Woolton Much Woolton Childwall and Garston Bath and Merthyr Tydfil. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 7).)

P. clxxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to New Ross and Weston-super-Mare. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. clxxvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Emsworth and Oban. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

clxxviii. An Act for conferring further powers on the Aldershot Gas and Water Company for the construction of a Tramroad and the acquisition of lands for that purpose the defining and extending their limits of Water Supply also empowering the Company to enter into an agreement with the North Camp and Famborough District Gas Company Limited the raising of additional capital and for other purposes. (Aldershot Gas and Water.)

clxxix. An Act to confer further borrowing powers on the Provost Magistrates and Town Council of the Burgh of Kilmarnock in respect of their Water Undertaking. (Kilmarnock Corporation Water.)

clxxx. An Act to enlarge and alter the scope of the Meal Charity created by the Trust Disposition and Settlement of John Ogilvie for the benefit of the Poor of the Parishes of Airth and Bothkennar in the County of Stirling and for other purposes. (Ogilvie Meal Charity.)

clxxxi. An Act to authorise the construction of certain Street Improvements and the taking of lands in the Parish of Saint Mary Abbotts Kensington in the County of London and for other purposes. (Kensington (James Street) Improvements.)

clxxxii. An Act to enable the Manchester Ship Canal Company to alter certain works authorised by the Manchester Ship Canal Act 1885 and the Manchester Ship Canal (Tidal Openings &c.) Act 1890 to make a Railway at Salford and other works to amend the former Acts of the Company and for other purposes. (Manchester Ship Canal.)

clxxxiii. An Act to empower the Midland Railway Company to construct a Harbour at Heysham in Morecambe Bay to confer additional powers upon the Midland Railway Company and the Midland and Great Northern Railways Joint Committee for the construction of works and the acquisition of lands and for other purposes. (Midland Railway.)

clxxxiv. An Act to authorise the North Metropolitan Railway and Canal Company to make alterations and improvements in their Canal and for other purposes. (North Metropolitan Railway and Canal.)

clxxxv. An Act to provide for the partition between the Glasgow and South Western Railway Company and the North British Railway Company of the undertaking of the City of Glasgow Union Railway Company and for other purposes. (City of Glasgow Union Railway Partition.)

clxxxvi. An Act to empower the Llanelly Harbour and Burry Navigation Commissioners to construct a Dock and new Cut for the River Lliedi and other works for the improvement of the Port and Harbour of Llanelly and to borrow' moneys with the consent of the Urban District Council of Llanelly and for other purposes. (Llanelly Harbour.)

clxxxvii. An Act for extending the limits of supply of the Eastbourne Waterworks Company and for conferring further powers on the Company for the construction of works the raising of capital and otherwise in relation to their undertaking. (Eastbourne Waterworks.)

clxxxviii. An Act to empower the London County Council to purchase lands for various purposes to extend the time for purchase of lands at York Water Gate to confer further powers on the Council with respect to main roads to confer further powers on Vestries and District Boards of Works and for other purposes. (London Council (General Powers).)

clxxxix. An Act to authorise the London Tramways Company (Limited) to construct additional Tramways and for other purposes. (London Tramways Company (Limited).)

cxc. An Act to empower the Corporation of Sheffield to construct Works for impounding the waters of the River Porter or Little Don and its tributaries and to supply water to the Corporations of Rotherham and Doncaster and to acquire the Water Undertaking of the Stocksbridge Urban District Council and for other purposes. (Sheffield Corporation Water.)

cxci. An Act to empower the Callander and Oban Railway Company to extend their Railway from Connel Ferry to Ballachulish and for other purposes. (Callander and Oban Railway.)

cxcii. An Act to make amendments in the Acts of the Alexandra (Newport and South Wales) Docks and Railway Company with respect (among other matters) to the reverter in certain events of lands to Lord Tredegar and for other purposes. (Alexandra (Newport and South Wales) Docks and Railway.)

cxciii. An Act to enable the Barry Railway Company to construct new Railways and to exercise certain running powers and for other purposes. (Barry Railway.)

cxciv. An Act to extend the time for the completion of the authorised Railways of the Easton and Church Hope Railway Company and for other purposes. (Easton and Church Hope Railway (Extension of Time).)

cxcv. An Act to enable the London Chatham and Dover Railway Company to raise further capital and for other purposes. (London Chatham and Dover Railway (Capital).)

cxcvi. An Act for altering the limits for the supply of gas and water of the Bournemouth Gas and Water Company and for authorising that Company to construct new Gasworks and Waterworks and to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Bournemouth Gas and Water.)

cxcvii. An Act to authorise the Cork Blackrock and Passage Railway Company to extend their Railway to Crosshaven and to confer further powers on the Company in relation to their undertaking and for other purposes. (Cork Blackrock and Passage Railway.)

cxcviii. An Act to transfer the undertaking of the Cornwall Minerals Railway Company to the Great Western Railway Company and to empower the Great Western Railway Company to raise additional Capital. (Cornwall Minerals Railway.)

cxcix. An Act to confer further powers on the Corporation of the City of Glasgow and for other purposes. (Glasgow Corporation (General Powers).)

cc. An Act to vest the Shortlands and Nunhead Railwaydn the London Chatham and Dover Railway Company to empower that Company to acquire additional lands and for other purposes. (London Chatham and Dover Railway (Further Powers).)

cci. An Act to enable the Realisation and Debenture Corporation of Scotland Limited to create debenture and preference stock and for other purposes. (Realisation and Debenture Corporation of Scotland Limited.)

ccii. An Act to extend some of the powers of the Brighton Marine Palace and Pier Company to make further provision with respect to the completion of the Pier and works and for other purposes. (Brighton Marine Palace and Pier.)

cciii. An Act to amalgamate the Burgh of Portobello with the City and Royal Burgh of Edinburgh and to extend the boundaries of the City and Royal Burgh and the County of the City of Edinburgh to extend the limits of compulsory Water Supply to transfer to the Corporation of Edinburgh the Gasworks and undertaking of the Portobello Gas Light Company Limited to amend and extend the Edinburgh Municipal and Police and other Acts and for other purposes. (Edinburgh Extension.)

cciv. An Act to authorise the Edinburgh Street Tramways Company to extend their Tramways and for other purposes. (Edinburgh Street Tramways.)

ccv. An Act to revive the powers and extend the time limited by the Highland Railway (New Lines) Act 1890 for the completion of Railway No. 2 authorised by that Act. (Highland Railway.)

ccvi. An Act to authorise the Lancashire Derbyshire and East Coast Railway Company to construct certain Branch Railways and acquire additional lands in connexion with their Chesterfield and Lincoln Separate Undertaking and for other purposes. (Lancashire Derbyshire and East Coast Railway.)

ccvii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Manchester Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway Company the Cheshire Lines Committee and the Manchester South Junction and Altrincham Railway Company to incorporate the Dee and Birkenhead Committee by the name of the North Wales and Liverpool Railway Committee and for other purposes. (Manchester Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway.)

ccviii. An Act to authorise the widening of part of the Strand on the south side and the taking of lands in the Parishes of St. Martin-in-the-Fields and St Clement Danes and for other purposes. (Strand Improvement.)

ccix. An Act to authorise the Wallasey Urban District Council to construct a Promenade and other works to acquire certain lands and for other purposes. (Wallasey Urban District Council (Promenade).)

ccx. An Act for conferring further powers on the Vale of Glamorgan Railway Company for the completion of their authorised Railways. (Vale of Glamorgan Railway.)

ccxi. An Act to enable the London County Council to construct Tramways over Vauxhall Bridge as about to be reconstructed and the approaches thereto in the County of London and for other purposes. (London County Council (Bridge Tramways).)

ccxii. An Act to enable the Port Talbot Railway and Docks Company to construct new Railways in the County of Glamorgan to join the South Wales Mineral Railway and a Railway known as the Whitworth Railway and to acquire the last-mentioned Railway and for other purposes. (Port Talbot Railway and Docks (South Wales Mineral Railway Junction).)

ccxiii. An Act for the protection reclamation and improvement of the Undercliff near Dover and lands adjoining the same and for other purposes. (Dover Under cliff Reclamation.)

ccxiv. An Act to regulate the expenditure of Money by the London County Council on Capital Account during the current Financial Period and the raising of Money to meet such expenditure. (London County Council (Money).)

ccxv. An Act to extend the time for the completion of the Dundee Suburban Railway and for other purposes. (Dundee Suburban Railway.)

ccxvi. An Act to make further provisions with respect to the subscription by the North Staffordshire Railway Company to the funds of the Cheadle Railway Mineral and Land Company Limited to confirm certain agreements between those Companies to change the name of the Company and for other purposes. (Cheadle Railway Company Limited.)

ccxvii. An Act for conferring further Powers on the Glasgow and South Western Railway Company for the construction of works and the acquisition of lands and upon that Company and the Caledonian Railway Company with respect to their joint undertaking and for other purposes. (Glasgow and South Western Railway.)

ccxviii. An Act to empower the Great Western Railway Company to make new Railways in the Counties of Wilts and Gloucester and for other purposes. (Great Western Railway (South Wales and Bristol Direct Railway).)

ccxix. An Act to empower the West Highland Railway Corn-pany to extend their Railway from Fort William to Ballachulish and for other purposea (West Highland Railway.)

ccxx. An Act to extend the boundaries of the Borough of Drogheda to provide for the transfer to the Corporation of Drogheda of the undertaking of the Drogheda Waterworks Company to authorise the issue of Corporation Stock and for other purposes. (Drogheda Corporation.)

ccxxi. An Act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Brighton and for other purposes. (Brighton Corporation.)

ccxxii. An Act to authorise the Donegal Railway Company to extend their Railway from Strabane to Londonderry and from Donegal to Ballyshannon to make agreements with the Londonderry Port and Harbour Commissioners and the Londonderry Bridge Commissioners and for other purposes. (Donegal Railway.)

ccxxiii. An Act to authorise the use of mechanical power upon portions of the undertaking of the Dublin United Tramways Company and for other purposes. (Dublin United Tramways.)

ccxxiv. An Act to authorise the Lord Provost Magistrates and Council of the City of Edinburgh to widen alter and improve certain streets places and districts within the said City to make new works to construct Tramways to provide additional accommodation for the conduct of Corporation business to acquire lands to amend Acts and for other purposes. (Edinburgh Improvement and Tramways.)

ccxxv. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Metropolitan Railway Company in relation to their own undertaking and upon that Company and the Great Western and London and North Western Railway Companies in relation to undertakings in which they are jointly interested and for other purposes. (Metropolitan Railway.)

ccxxvi. An Act to convert the capital of the South Metropolitan Gas Company and for other purposes. (South Metropolitan Gas.)

ccxxvii. An Act to confer further powers on the Baker Street and Waterloo Railway Company. (Baker Street and Waterloo Railway.)

ccxxviii. An Act to incorporate the Kidderminster and Stourport Electric Tramway Company and to empower the Company to construct Tramways and for other purposes. (Kidderminster and Stourport Electric Tramway.)

ccxxix. An Act to confer further powers upon the Governor and Company of the New River brought from Chadwell and Amwell to London commonly called the New River Company for the execution of new works the purchase of additional lands and the raising of further money and for other purposes. (New River Company's.)

ccxxx. An Act for making a Railway to be called the Marlborough and Grafton Railway and for other purposes. (Marlborough and Grafton Railway.)

ccxxxi. An Act to authorise the reconstruction of the bridge across the River Tyne known as the Redheugh Bridge and for other purposes. (Redheugh Bridge.)

ccxxxii. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Great Western Railway Company in respect of their own undertaking and upon that Company and the Midland Railway Company and the London and North Western Railway Company in respect of undertakings in which they are jointly interested for amalgamating the Abbotsbury Much Wenlock and Severn Junction Marlborough Milford Wenlock Vale of Llangollen Llangollen and Corwen and Corwen and Bala Railway Companies with the Great Western Railway Company and for other purposes. (Great Western Railway (Additional Powers).)

ccxxxiii. An Act to empower the Taff Vale Railway Company to construct new Railways and other works and acquire lands to amend certain provisions contained in the Acts relating to the Barry Dock and Railway Company and to the Bute Docks and for other purposes. (Taff Vale Railway.)

ccxxxiv. An Act to authorise the Corporation of Glasgow to acquire lands and construct works for sewage purposes to raise further moneys and for other purposes. (Glasgow Corporation Sewage.)

Royal Assent, 14th August 1896.

P. ccxxxv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Urban Sanitary District of Armagh. (Local Government Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. ccxxxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Counties of Bedford Chester Essex Flint Gloucester Hertford Huntingdon Middlesex West Suffolk and Wilts. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 13).)

P. ccxxxvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Plymouth. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 15).)

P. ccxxxviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board under the Housing of the Working Classes Act 1890 relating to Birkenhead and Leeds. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders (Housing of Working Classes).)

ccxxxix. An Act for making further and better provision for the improvement health and good government of the Urban District of Bilston and for other purposes. (Bilston Improvement.)

ccxl. An Act for making a Railway and Pier in the County of Inverness to be called the Invergarry and Fort Augustus Railway and for other purposes. (Invergarry and Fort Augustus Railway.)

ccxli. An Act to authorise the construction of new reservoirs at Staines and other works for affording an additional supply of Water for certain districts north of the River Thames and for other purposes. (Staines Reservoirs &c.)

ccxlii. An Act to enable the Birmingham North Warwickshire and Stratford-upon-Avon Railway Company to lay an additional line of rails on portions of the Evesham Redditch and Stratford-upon-Avon Junction and the East and West Junction Railways and in connexion therewith to improve and equip such portions of those railways to enable the Company to raise further capital and for other purposes. (Birmingham North Warwickshire and Stratford-upon-Avon Railway.)

ccxliii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Brading Harbour Improvement and Railway Company and for other purposes. (Brading Harbour and Railway.)

ccxliv. An Act to empower the Neath Pontardawe and Brynaman Railway Company and the Great Western Railway Company to enter into working and traffic agreements. (Neath Pontardawe and Brynaman Railway.)

ccxlv. An Act to enable the Barry Urban District Council to acquire Cadoxton Common and to maintain and regulate the same to construct new Waterworks to extend the limits of Gas and Water Supply for conferring further powers in relation to Buildings Streets and Sanitary matters for making further and better provision for the improvement health and local government of the District and for other purposes. (Barry Urban District Council.)

ccxlvi. An Act to extend the City of Belfast and for other purposes. (Belfast Corporation.)

ccxlvii. An Act to make provision as to the admission to the Metropolitan Main Drainage System of Sewage from part of the District of Willesden in the County of Middlesex. (Willesden Sewerage.)

ccxlviii. An Act to confer further powers on the Urban District Council of Saint Anne's-on-the-Sea in the County Palatine of Lancaster for the improvement of their District and for other purposes. (Saint Anne's-on-the-Sea Improvement.)

ccxlix. An Act for the reduction of the Municipal Franchise in the City of Londonderry for the alteration and increase in the number of the Municipal Wards and of the number of Aldermen and Councillors elected for the said City for the improvement of the City the raising of further Moneys and for other purposes. (Londonderry Improvement.)

ccl. An Act for incorporating and conferring Powers on the Sheffield District Railway Company and for other purposes. (Sheffield District Railway.)

ccli. An Act for empowering the Urban District Council of Weston-super-Mare to acquire the undertaking of Knightstone Weston-super-Mare Limited and to construct works and for extending the powers of the Council in relation to certain matters and for other purposes. (Weston-super-Mare Urban District Council.)

cclii. An Act to extend the time for the purchase of lands for the purposes of the City and South London Railway Act 1893 and for the completion of the underground Railway and works thereby authorised and to empower the Company to acquire additional lands and for other purposes. (City and South London Railway.)

ccliii. An Act to confirm and legalise certain Works constructed by the Blackrock and Kingstown Drainage on the Board further powers as to the borrowing of moneys and for other purposes. (Blackrock and Kingstown Drainage and Improvement.)

PRIVATE ACTS.

PRINTED BY THE QUEEN'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

1. AN Act to confer upon Frederic Lord Wolverton and the Trustees of the property settled by a Deed of Arrangement dated the 31st day of December 1888 in relation to the residuary real and personal estate of the late George Grenfell Lord Wolverton respectively powers to raise money for the more speedy carrying out of certain of the objects of the said Deed and to enable the grant of a jointure and portions by Frederic Lord Wolverton and for other purposes. (Wolverton Estate.)

2. An Act for empowering the Trustees of the Will of the late John Chambers of the Hurst Tibshelf in the County of Derby with the consent of the Chancery Division of the High Court to sell the Colliery Undertakings subject to his will to a Company or Companies limited by shares either wholly or partially for shares stock or securities and to retain such shares stock or securities as if authorised investments. (Chambers Estate.)

PRIVATE ACTS.

NOT PRINTED.

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Hollingsworth Griffin formerly of 164 Rathmines Road in the County of Dublin but now of 67 Stephen Street in the City of Dublin Mechanical Engineer with Annie Beatrice Griffin his now wife and to enable him to marry again and for other purposes. (Griffin's Divorce.)

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Vance Scovell of the Grosvenor Hotel Dublin Esquire with Vivienne Scovell his now wife and to enable him to marry again and for other purposes. (Scovel's Divorce.)

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Robert Archer Ross Todd of Ballyshannon in the County of Donegal Solicitor with Sarah Gertrude Todd his now wife and to enable him to marry again and for other purposes. (Todd's Divorce.)

An Act to naturalise Isaac Aaron Abensur and to grant and confer upon him all the rights privileges and capacities of a natural-born subject of Her Majesty the Queen. (Abensur's Naturalisation.)

482

TABLE IV.

Showing the Effect of the Year's Legislation.

---

ACTS OF FORMER SESSIONS (IN CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER) REPEALED OR AMENDED BY ACTS OF 59 & 60 VICT.

Statute and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Subject-matter or

16 Chas. 1. c. 15-43 Geo. 8. c. 116

Stannary Courts Land Tax Redemption -

48 Geo. 8. c. 51 -45 Geo. 8. c. 77 -58 Geo. 8. c. 128

Land Tax Redemption -Land Tax Redemption Land Tax Redemption -

54 Geo. 8. c. 173 57 Geo. 8. c. 100

Land Tax Redemption Land Tax Redemption -

5 Geo. 4. c. 36 -

6 Geo. 4. c. 78 -1 & 2 Will. 4.:

c. 87

6 & 7 Will. 4.:

c. 106

7 Will. 4. and 1 Vict.:

c. 17 c. 86

Masters and Workmen Arbitration.

Quarantine -

Truck -

Court of the Stannaries -

Land Tax Redemption -Post Office (Offences) -

3 & 8 Vict c. 58 8 & 4 Vict. c. 96

Stannaries

Post Office (Duties)

5 & 6 Vict. c. 85

7 & 8 Vict. c. 65

8 & 9 Vict c. 83

Income Tax -

Duchy of Cornwall Lands

Poor Law (Scotland) -

9 & 10 Vict c. 87 11 & 12 Vict. c. 88 U & 15 Vict:

c. 12 c. 68

Baths and Washhouses (Ireland) Duchy of Cornwall

Income Tax -

Poor Relief (Ireland) -

How affected.

Repealed

Ss. 180, 181, amended; ss. 20-25, 27-29, 41-48, 45, 49, 51-66, 69, 70, 85-112, 117, 119-121, 128, 124, 128, 140, 148, 157, 158, 172, 176, Sells. B., F, K., L., and in part ss. 88, 40, 141. 149, 166, 171, rep.

Repealed ...

S. 2 repealed

8s. 8, 4, 13 in part, 16, 20, 24, 25, 40, Sch. A. in part repealed.

Ss. 8, 9, 14-16

Ss. 12-19, 23 in part, repealed.

Repealed

Repealed

Amended

Rep., except ss. 4, 6, 7 -

Chapter 59 & 60 Vict.

45, s. 5.

28, ss. 31 (2), 40.

28, s. 40.

19, 8. 6.

44.

45, s. 5.

Repealed

S. 6 from " and every master of a vessel or any other person " repealed. Repealed

S. 86, " and also except all such letters" to "by the post " repealed.

Ss. 68, 167 rep. in part -

S. 40 repealed -

Ss. 35 in part, 36, virt.

rep. (temp.)

S. 20 amended -Ss. 7-11, 13 repealed

28, s. 4a 19, s. 6.

45, s. 5. 19, 8. 6.

28, s. 40. 45, 8. 5. 87, 8.5.

54, 8. 22. 45, 8. 5.

S. 8 repealed - - 28, 8. 4a

S. 7, and liable " to " at 10. the least " repealed.

* Acts continued annually by the Expiring Laws Continuance Act are not noticed in thin Table.

A.D. 1896. Effect of Legislation. 483

Statute Chapter

[Short Title.]

and Subject-matter or How affected. of

Chapter. 59 & 60 Vict.

16 & 17 Vict.:

c. 38 London Hackney Carriage Si 18 from " and in case 27, s. 2-

repealed.

c. 84 Income Tax - Ss. 28, " and in Ireland " to 28, s. 40.

16 & 17 Vict: "this Act, " 46, repealed.

c. 46 Westminster Bridge Amended 28, 8. 8V

c. 74 Land Tax Redemption Repealed 28, s.40.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 94 Public Revenue and Consolidated Sch. B. "expenses of 19, S. 6.

18 & 19 Vict c. 82 Fund Charges. Quarantine " repealed.

Stannaries - Repealed except ss. 1, 81 45, s. 5.

22 & 28 Vict. c. 40 Royal Naval Reserve Volunteer Ss. 1, 9 repealed in part - 88.

24 & 25 Vict c. 37 Poor Law (Scotland) - - Virt. rep. (temp.) 3<, r. 5.

25 & 26 Vict c. 89 Companies - < Ss. 83 from " and the vice- 45, S. 5.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 7 warden" 108, 116, 124 proviso, 172 rep.

Manufactured Tobacco S. 1 amended 28, 8. 8.

27 & 28 Vict c. 42 29 & 80 Vict: Union Officers Superannuation - Repealed 50, S. 2''.

c. 113 Poor Law Amendment - Ss. 1-3 repealed - 50, 8.20.

80 & 81 Vict.:

c. 101 Public Health (Scotland) - S. 82 amended; ss. 81, 19, ss. 8, 6.

34, 56 repealed.

c. 105 Councils of Conciliation Repealed 30.

c. 106 Poor Law Amendment - Ss. 18, 19, 20 in part, rep. 50, s. 20.

81 & 82 Vict.:

c. 124 Inland Revenue S. 9 "at the rate "to "part 28, s. 40.

thereof " repealed.

82 & 88 Vict. c. 19 33 & 84 Vict.: Stannaries - Ss. 27-83, 88 repealed 45, s. 5.

c. 2 Dissolved Boards of Management S. 10 rep. 50, s. 20.

and Guardians. ‘

c. 46 Landlord and Tenant (Ireland) -Medical Officers' Superannuation Am.; s. 35 repealed 47, 18. 1, 52.

c. 94 Repealed 50, 8. 20.

34 & 85 Vict. c. 109 Local Government (Ireland) S. 11 amended cxxv. (Local).

85 & 36 Vict c. 46 Arbitration (Masters and Work- Repealed 80.

men).

87 & 88 Vict. c. 79 Foyle College - Repealed cxxxi., s. 56 (Local).

88 & 89 Vict:

c. 45 Sinking Fund . Amended (temp.) - 6.

c. 55 Public Health Ss. 130, 134 am.; s. 130 19, ss. 1, 6.

from " Any person wilfully, " Sch. V. in part, rep. Amended - 20.

c. 60 Friendly Societies Rep. in part 25, 8. ior.

residue 26, s. 18.

39 & 40 Vict.:

c. 86 Customs Laws Consolidation - S. 234 am.; s. 234 19, ss. 2, 6.

"whether or not" to " quarantine " and

" and any penalty " to " chapter 78 " rep. 28, 88. 4-6.

Ss. 42, 162, 163, 200 am.

c. 61 Divided Parishes and Poor Law 6.17 repealed 50, s. 20.

Amendment.

41 Sc42 Vict. c. 14 Baths and Washhouses - S. 5, proviso, rep. as to 59.

London.

c. 52 Public Health (Ireland) Ss. 2, 28, 40, 103, 217(7), 54.

266 am.; ss. 211, 247

proviso, rep.

c. 76 Telegraph - S. 2 am. - 48, s. 25.

4 Sc44 Vict.:

c. 20 c. 35 Inland Revenue Wild Birds Protection - S. 52 repealed S. 3. am.; s. 8 ext. Digits 15*:t%ogl(

484

Effect of Legislation.

[59 & 60 Tier.

Statute and Chapter. Subject-matter or Short Tide. How affected. Chapter of 59 & 60 Vict.

44 & 45 Vict c. 49 Land Law (Ireland) - S. 50 am.; s. 57. ext.; ss. 26 (4), 28 (1) (2), 88, and in part 8, 24, 10, 58, rep. 47, ss. 20, 23, 48, 52.

46 & 47 Vict:

c. 47 Provident Nominations and Small Intestacies. Repealed as to Registered Societies. 25, s. 107.

c. 60 Labourers (Ireland) Ss. 4, 7 am.; ss. 7 in 58, ss. 1, 11.

47 & 48 Vict. c. 66 1 1 Bishopric of Bristol - - j part, 22, rep. Sch. par. 2 repealed 29.

48 & 49 Vict.:

c. 28 Redistribution of Seats - Sch. VI. virtually repealed as to Glasgow. 17.

c. 67 Indian Army Pension Deficiency Ss. 4, 5 amended 28, s. 87.

c. 78 Purchase of Land (Ireland) Ss. 10, 15 ext.; ss. 2 (c.), 9 (1) (2), 24, and in part 4, 14, 17, rep. 47, sa.31, 38, 53.

c. 77 Labourers (Ireland) S. 12 (7) ext.; s. 26 rep. 58, ss. 8, 11.

60 & 51 Vict:

c. 83 Land Law (Ireland) S. 1 am.; a. 9 expl.; ss. 15, 16 ext; ss. 5, 17, 18 (2), and in part 1, 4, rep. 47, ss. 6, 15, 31, 52.

c. 43 Stannaries - Ss. 8, 26, 30, 32, 38 rep. -Amended - - 45, s. 5.

c. 46 Truck - 44.

c. 56 Friendly Societies - Repealed in part -residue 25, s. 107. 26, s. 18.

c. 58 Coal Mines Regulation - Ss. 34, 49, am.; s. 38 (1) (2) rep. 43, ss. 3-^5.

51 & 52 Vict.:

c. 15 National Debt (Supplemental) - S. 6 repealed 25, s. 107.

C. 41 Local Government Ss. 11, 63 amended 9.

c. 49 Purchase of Land (Ireland) Amendment S. 2 am.; ss. 1, 3 in part, 6, repealed. 47, as. 30, 52.

52 & 53 Vict:

c. 22 Friendly Societies ' Repealed - 26, s. 18.

C. 42 Revenue - 1 S. 9 repealed 28, 8. 40.

c. 64 Public Health - Repealed 19, s. 6.

53 & 54 Vict.:

c. 21 Inland Revenue Regulation S. 27 amended 28, s. 38.

c. 70 Housing of the Working Classes S. 99 expl.; Sch. IV. am. (as to Ireland.) S. 96 (2) amended 11. 31.

54 & 55 Vict:

C. 89 Stamp - Ss. 113, 116 extended - 28, ss. 12, 13.

c. 48 Purchase of Land (Ireland) S. 5 (2 (6)) ext.; s. IS (1) am.; ss. 4, 7, 8, 29, 42 rep. in part. 47, ss. 39, 46, 51

c. 57 Redemption of Rent (Ireland) - Amended - 47, 8. 14.

c. 68 Highways and Bridges S. 2 amended clxxxviii-, a. 31 (Local).

c. 71 Labourers (Ireland) S. 8 amended 53, s. 6.

c. 76 Public Health (London) - S. 142 "ss. 51 and 52 of " the Sanitary Act " 1866, and, " Sch. I. in part, repealed. 19, s. 6.

55 & 56 Vict. c. 10 Short Titles - Repealed ..... 14.

c. 22 Housing of the Working Classes (Scotland). Repealed - 81.

c. 6 1 Public Works Leans S. 2 am. - 42, s. 2.

56 & 57 Vict. 5

c. 30 Friendly Societies Repealed - 25, s. 107.

c. 62 Madras and Bombay Annies - S. 1 explained - 2.

c. 78 Local Government Amended (temp.) C^*\~ S. 22 amended ad by Vjl l&le

A.D. 1896. Effect of Legislation. 485

[Short Title.]

Statute and Chapter. Subject-matter or How affected. Chapter of 59 & 60 Vict 60 Vict.

57 & 58 Vict.:

c. 24 Wild Birds Protection Amended and explained - 56.

c. 80 Finance - Ss. 10, 17, 23 am.; SB. 8 28, as. 17, 22, 28,

(10), and in part 6, 17, 40.

rep.

c. 57 Diseases of Animals Sa. 24, 26 repealed 15.

c. 58 Local Government (Scotland) S. 45 amended 32.

58 & 59 Vict c. 26 Friendly Societies Repealed in part - 25, s. 107.

residue - 26, s. 18.

---

[Index and categories of local / private acts removed.]

