THE

LAW REPORTS.

THE PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES,

PASSED IN THE

SIXTY-FIRST AND SIXTY-SECOND YEARS

OF THE REIGN OF HER MAJESTY

QUEEN VICTORIA,

1898:

WITH

A LIST OF THE LOCAL AND PRIVATE ACTS,

TABLES SHOWING THE EFFECT OF THE SESSION'S

LEGISLATION,

AND A COPIOUS INDEX.

VOL. XXXV.

LONDON:

PRINTED BY EYRE AND SPOTTISWOODE,

FOR

T. DIGBY PIGOTT, Esq., C.B., PRINTER TO HER MAJESTY OF ALL ACTS OF PARLIAMENT,
---
gitb Dublisljcir for t&e Council of fate Reporting,

Bx WILLIAM CLOWES AND SONS, Looted,

DUKE STREET, STANFORD STREET ; AND 14, CHARINO CROSS.

PUBLISHING OFFICE, 2 7, FLEET STREET, E.C.

1898.

CONTENTS.

Table

L Table of the Titles of the Public General Acts passed during the Session

II. Table of the Titles of the Public Acts of a Local Character passed during the Session which are placed amongst the Local Acts -

III. Table of the Titles of the Local and Private

Acts passed during the Session

IV. Table showing the Effect of the Year's

Legislation on Public General Acts -

V. Table of the Local and Private Acts

ARRANGED IN CLASSES -

YI. Index to the Public General Acts -

Page

iii

vii

321

347

339 • 370

Digitized by CjOOQle

TABLE I

• »

A

TABLE

OP

The Titles of the Public General Acts passed in the Fourth Session of the Twenty-Sixth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

61 & 62 VICTORIA.—A.D. 1898.

1. AN Act to provide, during twelve months, for the Discipline

and Regulation of the Army. (Annual).) 1

2. An Act to make provision with respect to the Registration

of Electors for the purpose of Local Government in Ireland. (Registration (Ireland).) ft

3. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund

to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight, and one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine. (Consolidated Fund (No. 1).) 5

4. An Act to enable Her Majesty the Queen to carry into effect

a Convention made for facilitating the raising of a Loan by the Government of Greece. (G Loan.) 6

5. An Act to provide for defraying the expenses of the purchase

of Land and Buildings and the construction of Buildings and Works in connexion with certain Public Departments. (Public Buildings Expenses.) ft

0. An Act for amending the Law as to Special Juries. (Special Juries.) 11

7. An Act to amend the Law with respect to Bail. (Bail.) 11

8. An Act to amend the Law in regard to the Tenure of Office

of Sheriffs in Scotland. (Sheriffs Tenure of Office (Scotland).) ‘ 1L

9. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Reserve Forces

and Militia. (Reserve Forces and Militia.) 12

10. An Act to grant certain duties of Customs and Inland

Revenue, to alter other duties, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue, and to make other provision for the financial arrangements of the year. (Finance.) 1ft

a 2

Google

IV

Table of the Statutes.

[61 & 62 Vict.

11. An Act to explain the Act as to Suffragan Bishops. (

Bishops) 18

12. An Act to amend the Public Record Office Act, 1877.

{Public Record Office) 19

13. An Act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India

to raise money in the United Kingdom for the service of the Government of India. {East India Loan) 19

14. An Act to amend the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, with

respect to the Liability of Shipowners. {Merchant Shipping {Liability of Shipowners)) 20

15. An Act to empower certain Societies to borrow money from

persons and Corporations other than Members. {Societies' Borrowing Powers.) 21

16. An Act to provide for the protection of dangerous places

on Canals in the County of London. {Canals Protection {London)) 22

17. An Act to amend and consolidate the Laws relating to

Solicitors and to the service of Indentured Apprentices in Ireland. {Solicitors {Ireland)) 23

18. An Act to make better provision for the guarantee of Postal Facilities by Local Authorities. {Post Office {Guarantee).) 40

19. An Act to provide for the establishment of a Poor Law Unions

Association in England and Wales, and to enable Boards of Guardians to contribute to the expenses of the Association. {Poor Law Unions Associcdion (Expenses)) 40

20. An Act to exempt certain Ex-officio Justices of the Peace

in Scotland who have already taken the Oath from again taking oath before acting as Justices of the Pea;e. {Ex-officio Justices of the Peace (Scotland)) 41

21. An Act to further amend the Law relating to the Settlement

and Removal of the Poor in Scotland. {Poor Law {Scotland)) 42

22. An Act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute

Law by repealing Enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary. {Statute Law Revision) 45

23. An Act to amend the Union of Benefices Act, 1860. {Union

of Benefices) 95

24. An Act to amend the Greenwich Hospital Acts, 1865 to

1892. {Greenwich Hosp>ital) 96

25. An Act to amend the Pharmacy Acts, 1852 and 1868.

{Pharmacy Acts Amendment) 97

26. An Act to amend the Companies Act, 1867. {Companies) 98

27. An Act to amend the Law with respect to Customs Duties

in the Isle of Man. (Isle of Man {Customs)) 100

28. An Act to develop the Fisheries of Mu sels in Ireland.

{Mussels, Periwinkles, and CocJles (Ireland)) 101

Google

A.D. 1898.]

Public General Acts.

v

29. An Act to amend the Law with respect to the use of

Locomotives on Highways, and with respect to extraordinary Traffic. {Locomotives.) 102

30. An Act to make further provision with respect to the Relief of Pauper Children in Ireland, and for other purposes connected therewith. {Pauper Children {Ireland)) 111

31. An Act to amend the Metropolitan Police Courts Act, 1897.

{Metropolitan Police Courts.) 114

32. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the

service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine. {Consolidated Fund (No. 2).) 114

33. An Act to provide for raising further Money for the

purpose of the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1897. (Telegraph (Money).) 115

34. An Act to enable the County Councils on either side of

the Border to act together for the prevention of the Pollution of Rivers. (Rivers Pollution Prevention (Border Councils).) 116

35. An Act to prevent vexatious Legal Proceedings in Scotland.

(Vexatious Actions (Scotland).) 117

30. An Act to amend the Law of Evidence. (Criminal Evidence.) 117

37. An Act for amending the Law relating to Local Govern-

ment in Ireland, and for other purposes connected therewith. (Local Government (Ireland),) 120

38. An Act to enable Parish Councils to borrow Fire-Engines.

(Parish Fire-Engines.) 220

39. An Act to amend the Vagrancy Act, 1824. (Vagrancy.) 221

40. An Act to amend the Law regarding the Circuit Clerks of Justiciary in Scotland. (Circuit Clerks (Scotland).) 222

41. An Act to amend the Prisons Acts. (Prison.) 222

42. An Act to amend the Trusts (Scotland) Amendment Act,

1884. (Trusts (Scotland).) 226

43. An Act to amend the Metropolitan Commons Acts. (Metropolitan Commons.) 227

44. An Act to amend the Law with regard to the provision for the Payment of certain Expenses under the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, and with regard to the levying of Light Dues.

(Merchant Shipping (Mercantile Marine Fund).) 228

45. An Act to amend Section Sixty-nine of the Metropolitan

Poor Act, 1867, as to the Expenses pa}'able out of the Metropolitan Common Poor Fund. ( Poor.) 234

40. An Act for amending the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue and for other purposes connected with Finance. (Revenue.) 235

47. An Act to continue various Expiring Laws. (Expiring Laics Continuance.) 240

Digitized by LjOOQle

VI

Table of the Statutes. [61 & G2 YictJ

48. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Patronage of Benefices, and to their avoidance on Sequestration, and to amend the Pluralities Acts, 1838 and 1885. {Benefices.) 244

49. An Act to amend the Law with respect to Vaccination.

{Vaccination.) 251

50. An Act to provide for the Supply of Seed Potatoes, Seed

Oats, and Spraying Machines and Material to Occupiers and Cultivators of Land in Ireland, and for the employment of Instructors in the use of such Machines and Material. {Seed Supply and Potato Spraying {Ireland).) 254

51. An Act to make temporary provision for the Relief of

Distress in Ireland. {Oat-door Relief {Ireland).) 258

52. An Act to transfer to the Commissioners of the Township of Kingstown certain Roads and Lands now vested in the Commissioners of Kingstown Harbour, and for other purposes. {Kingstown Township {Transfer of Harbour Roads).) 260

53. An Act to provide for the Punishment of Offences in

Libraries. {Libraries Offences.) 266

54. An Act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local

Loans, and for other purposes relating to Loans out of the Local Loans Fund. {Public Works Loans.) 267

55. An Act to amend the Universities and College Estates Acts,

1853 to 1880. {Universities and College Estates.) 269

56. An Act to make provision in regard to the distribution

and application of further sums from time to time paid to the Local Taxation (Scotland) Account. {Local Taxation Account {Scotland).) 275

57. An Act to provide for Superannuation and other Annuities

and Allowances to Elementary School Teachers certificated by the Education Department. {Elementary School Teachers {Superannuation).) 276

58. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Attendance of

Registrars at Marriages in Nonconformist Places of Worship. {Man'iage.) 283

59. An Act to extend to Borough and Urban District Councils

the powers to guarantee Postal and Telegraphic Facilities already possessed by Rural Councils. {Post Office Guarantee {Ko. 2).) 287

60. An Act to provide for the treatment of Habitual Inebriates.

(inebriates.) 288

61. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the

service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. {Appropriation.) 297

62. An Act to make further provision with respect to the

University of London. ( Universiiy of London.) 315

Digitized by boogie

vii

TABLE 11.

A

TABLE

OF

The Titles of the Public Acts of a Local Character passed during the Session which are placed amongst the Local Acts.

61 & 62 VICTORIA—A.D. 1898.

xxix. A N Act to confirm an Amended Scheme under the Metropolitan Commons Acts 1866 to 1878 relating to Barnes Common in the Parish of Barnes Surre}r. {Metropolitan Commons {Barnes) Supplemental

XXX. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local ' Government Board for Ireland relating to the Killiney and Ball}'brack Township. {Local Government Board ( )

Provisional Order Confirmation {No. 1).)

XXXi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bootle East Stonehouse Epsom (Rural) Halifax (Rural) Hucknall-Torkard Leather-head Ramsgate and Tewkesbury (Rural). {Local Government Board'8 Provisional Orders Confirmation {No. 1).)

xxxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Eastbourne ()swaldtwistle Oswestry and Wallasey and to the Oakwell and Staines Joint Hospital Districts. {Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation {No. 2).)

XXXiii. An Act for acquiring Land for Customs and other Offices at Barry Dock and for other purposes connected therewith. {Customs and other Offices Dock).)

xxxiv. An Act for the acquisition of Land at Southampton as a Site for Customs and other Offices connected therewith and for other purposes connected therewith. {Customs Offices {Southampton).)

XXXV. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Lccal Government Board relating to Burnley (Rural) Cuckfield (Rural) Epping Fenny-Stratford Heston-and-Isleworth Keswick Sunderland Tadcaster (Rural) and VVetherby (Rural). {Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation {No. 3).)

viii

Table of the

[61 & 62 Vict

XXXVi. An Act to confirm a Provision^ Order under the Inclosure Acts 1845 to 1882 relating to Wolstanton Marsh in the County of Stafford. (Commons Regulation (Wolstanton Marsh) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

XXXvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 to 1890 relating to Airdrie Brechin Hamilton and Rothesay. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

XXXviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Dartford East Ham Ilfracombe Ossett Rawmarsh and Rotherham. (Elective Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

XXXIX. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Batley Hereford Hornsey Ilford Leigh-on-Sea and Lewes. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

%

xl. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Barnes Chichester Doncaster Hove (Ald-rington) King's Norton and Leatherhead. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

xli. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Merchant Shipping Act 1894 relating to the Pilotage District of the Tees. (Pilotage Order Confirmation.)

xlii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Clonmel Armagh Kildare and Baltinglass. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confimnation (No. 2).)

xliii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Belfast. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 4).)

lxxv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1861 relating to Hacconby Fen situate in the Parish of Hacconby in the County of Lincoln. (Land Drainage Supplemental.)

lxxvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State under the Metropolitan Police Act 1886 and the Metropolitan Police Courts Act 1897. (Metropolitan Police Provisional Order Confirmation.)

lxxvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Abingdon Croydon-and-Wimbledon Newmarket-and-Moulton Royston-Ashwell-and-Melbourn Saffron-Walden and Ulver^ton Joint Hospital Districts. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

Digitized by v^ooQle

AJ). 1898.] Public Acta of a Local Character.

IX

lxxviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Leeds Manchester and Wakefield. {Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation {No. 5).)

lxxix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Blaby (Rural) Bristol Eastbourne Epsom (Rural) Gelligaer-and-Rhigos (liuraty Mailing (Rural) Newport (Mon.) Penmaenmawr Richmond (Surrey) and Rugeley. {Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation {No. 6).)

Ixxx. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Counties of Brecon Monmouth and Radnor. {Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation {No. 7).)

lxxxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Blackpool Gomersal Nottingham and Sunbury-on-Thames. {Local Government Boards Provisional Orders Confirmation {No. 8).)

Ixxxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of tyhe Local Government Board relating to Brighton-and-Hove Ossett Ripon and Uttoxeter and to the Conway-and-Colwyn-Bay and Tolworth United Districts. {Local Government Boards Provisional Orders Confirmation {No. 9).)

lxxxiii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Borough of Ashton-under-Lyne and the Urban District of Dukinfield and to the City of Chester. {Local Government Boards Provisional Orders Confirmation {No. 11).)

lxxxiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Dewsbury Haworth Leeds and Stourbridge. {Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation {No. 12).)

lXXXV. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Acts 1870 to 1893 to enable the School Boards for Barnes Cellan Heston Llanelly and Low Leyton to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. {Education Department Provisional Orders Confirmation {Barnes, &c.).)

lxxxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Budleigh Salterton Gas Coatbridge Gas Great Marlow Gas King's Lynn Gas and Whitchurch (Salop) Gas. {Gas Orders Confirmation {No. 1).)

lxxxvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Inclosure Acts 1845 to 1882 relating to Runcorn Heath and Runcorn Hill in the County of Chester. {Commons Regulation {Runcorn) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

Ixxxviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by -the Secretary for Scotland under Part I. of the Housing of

X

Table of the Statutes.

[61 & 62 Vicnv

the Working Classes Act 1890 relating to the City and Royal Burgh of Edinburgh. (.Ed Improvement Scheme Provisional Order Confirmation.)

lxxxix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Secretary of State under the Military Lands Act 1892.

( Military Lands Provisional Orders Confirmation.)

XC. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Tralee Coleraine and Skull. {Local Government Board {Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation {No. 3).)

XOi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Secretary for Scotland relating to an increase in the number of Councillors in the Burgh of Leith. {Leith Burgh Order Confirmation^

xoii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 188*2 and 1888 relating to Colne East Stonehouse Margam Rochdale St. Anne's-on-the-Sea and Weymouth and Melcombe Regis. {Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation {No. 6).)

XCiii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Aston Manor Darlington Lowestoft Oldbury Smethwick and West Bromwich. {Electric Lighting-Orders Confirmation {No. 10).)

xoiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Chelmsford Melton Mowbray Norwich (Extension) Preston (Extensions) and Warrington. (

Lighting Orders Confirmation {No. 11).)

XOV. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Bolton (Extension) Kingswinford Penarth. Prescot (Extension) and Shrewsbury. {Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 14).) ;

XCVi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Rothesay Weymouth and Wooda Bay. Pier and Harbour Orders Corfirrnation (No. 1).)

XCvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 and the Public Health Act 1875 relating to Selby and Wenlock. {Local Government Board's -visional Orders Confirmation {Gas).)

f

XCViii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Cannock Gas Col wall Gas Crossgates Hal ton and Seacroft Gas and Slough Gas. ( Orders Confirmation (No. 2).) . . ' 1

~\

Google

A.D. 1898.] Public Acts of a Local Character.

xi

xoix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Devonport and Sheffield. {Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation {Housing of Working Classes).)

C. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Parish of Lambeth and to the Newhaven and Saint Olave s Unions. {Local Government Board'8 Provisional Orders Confirmation {Poor Law).)

ci. An Act to confirm an Order in Council of the Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council in Ireland relating to the Londonderry and Loughswilly Bailway. {Tramways Or<ier in Council {Ireland) {Londonderry and Lough {Letterkenny to Burton-port Extension) Railway) -firmation.)

CXOix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 to 1890 relating to Montrose and Perth. {Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation {No. 9).)

CC. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Holborn and St. Giles. {Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation {No. 13).)

CCi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Colwyn Bay Macduff Medina River Portsmouth Camber Quays and Southwold. {Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation {No. 2).)

CCii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to East Ham Urban Distiict Tramways Eccleshill Urban District Tramways Huddersfield Corporation Tramways and Linthwaite Tramway. {Tramways Orders Confirmation {No. 2).)

CCiii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Broughton-in-Furness Water Hayling Water Portsmouth Water Ross Water Saint Neot's Water and Wrexham Water. ( Water Orders Confirmation.)

CCiv. An Act to conBrm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Acts 1870 to 1893 to enable the School Board for London to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. {Education Department Provisional Order Confirmation {London).)

COV. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Aldershot Bridgwater Chislehurst Gravesend and Hastings. {Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation {No. 5).)

*

Digitized by L^ooQie

Table of the Statutes. [61 & 62 Vict ]

xii

CCVi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Middlesbrough Nuneaton St. Alban Whiston and Willesden. {Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation. {No. 7).)

COVii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Birkdaie Burslem Chorley Crewe Maidenhead and Stoke-upon-Trent. {Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation {No. 8).)

CCviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order granted by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 to the Midland Electric Corporation for Power Distribution (Limited) in respect of an area situate in the County of Stafford. {Electric Lighting Order Confirmation {No. 15).)

CCix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Blackpool St. Anne's and Lytham Tramways Great Crosby Tramways Liverpool Corporation Tramways (Extensions) and Waterloo-with-Seaforth Tramways. {Tramways Orders Confirmation {No. I).)

COX. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Carlisle Tramways Hartlepool Tramways and City of Oxford and District Tramways. {Tramways Orders Confirmation {No. 3).)

CCXi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Borough of Devonport. {Local Government Boards Provisional Order Confirmation {No. 10).)

CGXii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Cheltenham (two) Fulwood Salford and Worthing and to the Hanley Stoke and Fenton Joint Hospital District. {Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation {No. 13).)

COXiii. An Act to confirm a Scheme relating to East Sheen Common in the Parish of Mortlake Surrey. {Metropolitan Commons {East Sheen) Supplemental.)

CCXiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Secretary of State under the Military Lands Act 1892. {Military Lands Provisional Orders Confirmation {No. 2).)

CCXV. An Act to empower the Secretary of State in Council to purchase Lands in connexion with the Store Department of the India Office. {India Office {Store Depdt).)

Digitized by LjOOQle

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES.

61 Victoria.

CHAPTER 1.

An Act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

[29th March 1898.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping of a standing army within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in time of peace, unless it be with the consent of Parliament, is against law :

And whereas it is adjudged necessary by Her Majesty and this present Parliament, that a body of forces should be continued for the safety of the United Kingdom and the defence of the possessions of Her Majesty's Crown, and that the whole number of such forces should consist of one hundred and eighty thousand five hundred and thirteen, including those to be employed at the dep6ts in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the training of recruits for service at home and abroad, but exclusive of the numbers actually serving within Her Majesty's Indian possessions:

And whereas it is also judged necessary for the safety of the United Kingdom, and the defence of the possessions of this realm, that a body of Royal Marine forces should be employed in Her Majesty's fleet and naval service, under the direction of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid:

And whereas the said marine forces may frequently be quartered or be on shore, or sent to do duty or be on board transport ships or vessels, merchant ships or vessels, or other ships or vessels, or they may be under other circumstances in which they will not be subject to the laws relating to the government of Her Majesty's forces by sea:

And whereas no man can be forejudged of life or limb, or subjected in time of peace to any kind of punishment within this realm by martial law, or in any other manner than by the judgment of his peer3 and according to the known and established laws of this realm; yet nevertheless it being requisite, for the retaining all the before-mentioned forces, and other persons subject to military law, in their duty, that an exact discipline be observed, and that persons belonging to the said forces who mutiny or stir up sedition, u 3671. A

Digitized by VjOOQIC

2

Army {Annual) Act, 1898.

61 Vict.

44 & 45 Vic». c. 58.

Short title.

Army Act (44 & 45 Viet, c. 58.)

to be in force for specified times.

Prices in respect cf billeting.

Cff. 1,

or desert Her Majesty's service, or are guilty of crimes and offences to the prejudice of good order and military discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the usual forms of the law will allow:

And whereas the Army Act will expire in the year one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight on the following days:

(a.) In the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and the Isle of Man, on the thirtieth day of April; and (b.) Elsewhere in Europe, inclusive of Malta, also in the West Indies and America, on the thirty-first day of July ; and (c.) Elsewhere, whether within or without Her Majesty's dominions, on the thirty-first day of December :

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Army (Annual) Act, 1898.

2. —(1.) The Army Act shall be and remain in force during the periods herein-after mentioned, and no longer, unless otherwise provided by Parliament; that is to say,

(a.) Within the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and the Isle of Man, from the thirtieth day of April one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight to the thirtieth day of April one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, both inclusive; and

{b.) Elsewhere in Europe, inclusive of Malta, also in the West Indies and America, from the thirty-first day of July one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight to the thirty-first day of July one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, both inclusive; and (c.) Elsewhere, whether within or without Her Majesty's dominions, from the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred aud ninety-eight to the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, both inclusive;

and the day from which the Army Act is continued in any place by this Act is in relation to that place referred to in this Act as the commencement of this Act

(2.) The Army Act, while in force, shall apply to persons subject to military law, whether within or without Her Majesty's dominions.

(3.) A person subject to military law shall not be exempted from the provisions of the Army Act by reason only that the number of the forces for the time being in the service of Her Majesty, exclusive of the marine forces, is either greater or less than the number herein-before mentioned.

3. There shall be paid to the keeper of a victualling house for the accommodation provided by him in pursuance of the Army Act the prices specified in the schedule to this Act.

Digitized by v^ooQle

1898.

Army (Annual) , 1898.

Ch. 1, 2.

3

Amendment of Army Act.

4. In section one hundred and fifty-four of the Army Act after Amendment the words “ in the United Kingdom to a Secretary of State,” in 44 & 45 each place where they occur, shall be inserted the words “ or as he Vl?r.c” 68‘

. ,* * B. 1D4*

may direct.

SCHEDULE.

Accommodation to be provided. Maximum Price.

Lodging and attendance for soldier where hot meal furnished. Fourpence per night.

Hot meal as specified in Part 1. of the Second Schedule to the Army Act. One shilling and threepence halfpenny each.

Breakfast as so specified .... One penny halfpenny each.

Where no hot meal furnished, lodging and attendance, and candles, vinegar, salt, and the use of fire, and the necessary utensils for dressing and eating his meat. Fourpence per day.

Ten pounds of oats, twelve pounds of hay, and eight pounds of straw per day for each horse. One shilling and nine-pence per day.

Lodging and attendance for officer - - Two shillings per night.

Note.—An officer shall pay for his food.

CHAPTER 2.

An Act to make provision with respect to the Registration of Electors for the purpose of Local Government in Ireland. [29th March 1898.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make provision with respect to the registration of electors under any Act passed in the present session of Parliament for the purpose of local government in Ireland:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Digitized by Google

4

Ch. 2.

Registraiion ( Irelan1898.

G1 Vict.

Making of list of voters by poor lav electoral divisions and addition of local government supplement.

51 «r 52 Vict. e. 10.

56 & 57 Vict. e. 78.

Short title.

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the Bame, as follows:

1. —(1.) The lists of parliamentary electors in Ireland shall be made up for poor law electoral divisions instead of for parliamentary polling districts.

(2.) There shall be added to each such list a local government supplement, which shall be prepared and revised together with the said list; and every person shall be entitled to be entered in the local government supplement to any list who would, but for being a peer or a woman, or being registered as a parliamentary elector elsewhere, be entitled to be entered in the list, but such entry shall not of itself confer any right to vote.

(3.) Any alteration of a poor law electoral division made by the Local Government Board before the first day of June in the current year, shall take effect only for the purpose of this Act, and may include the division of a townland which is situate partly within and partly without an urban sanitary district or town.

(4.) Such sum as the Treasury certify to be the additional cost (if any) payable by reason of this Act out of the Consolidated Fund, or out of moneys provided by Parliament, in connexion with the revision of the lists of parliamentary electors made up for poor law electoral divisions and of the local government supplement thereto, shall be a debt to the Crown, and be paid by the board of guardians of the poor law union comprising those divisions to the person named in the said certificate, and shall be raised equally over the whole union, and the said certificate shall be conclusive evidence that the amount specified therein is payable by those guardians, and the amount when paid shall be paid into the Exchequer.

(5.) The Lord Lieutenant in Council may, before the end of the year one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight, make rules for carrying into effect this Act, and in particular for adapting to the provisions of this Act the enactments relating to the registration of parliamentary electors in Ireland, and the precepts and forms contained in or used under those enactments, and for causing the lists and register to be so made up as to be available for any parliamentary election, or for any election under any Act passed in the present session of Parliament of a member of a local authority, and for causing lists to be made where necessary for different parts of a poor law electoral division as if such part were a separate electoral division; and such rules may apply any of the provisions of the County Electors Act, 1888, or Part Four of the Local Government Act, 1894, or any enactments applied or referred to therein, with the modifications necessary for adapting them to Ireland.

2. This Act may be cited as the Registration (Ireland) Act, 1898.

Google

1498.

Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1898.

Ch. 3.

5

CHAPTER 3.

An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight, and one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine. [29th March 1898.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

*TT7 E, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons ▼ ▼ of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sums herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the 1A

United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards out of the Ccn-making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of for the^k»d the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand °^®yean* eight hundred and ninety-seven and one thousand eight hundred ^

and ninety-eight, the sum of two million one hundred and fifty-five thousand nine hundred and thirty-nine pounds seventeen shillings

and one penny.

2. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidate d Fund of the issue of United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards ffRScK.cut making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of forthl'iivke1 the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand e£di^*fear eight hundred and ninety-nine the sum of twenty-six million sist March ista. fifty-two thousand two hundred pounds.

3. The Treasury may borrow from any person, and the Bank of Power to England may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said the Treasuiy sums, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of 10 now' twenty-eight million two hundred and eight thousand one hundred

and thirty-nine pounds seventeen shillings and one penny, and the Treasury shall repay the moneys so borrowed with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any moneys so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

4. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Short title. Act, 1898.

Google

6

Ch. 4.

Greek Loan , 1898.

61 Vict.

Power to the Queen to guarantee annuity required for the service of a loan to be raised by the Government of Greece. CHAPTER 4.  An Act to enable Her Majesty the Queen to carry into effect a Convention made for facilitating the raising of a Loan by the Government of Greece. [1st April 1898.'] 1  "YXTHEREAS the Government of Her Majesty the Queen has ▼ ventered into a Convention with the Governments of France,  Russia, and Greece, containing articles to the effect set forth in the schedule to this Act for facilitating the raising of a loan by the Government of Greece, and, in pursuance of Her Majesty's gracious recommendation in that behalf, it is expedient to enable Her Majesty to cany into effect the said Convention :  Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and 1 Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:  1.—(1.) Her Majesty the Queen may guarantee jointly with the Governments named in Article nine of the Convention set forth in the schedule to this Act, and severally upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Articles in that schedule, the regular payment of the annuity required under the said Articles for the service of the loan to be raised as therein mentioned by the Government of Greece.  (2.) In the event of the power specified in Article eleven in the schedule (respecting the conversion of the loan) being exercised,  Her Majesty the Queen may, in substitution for the former guarantee, guarantee jointly with the said Governments and severally the regular payment of such annual sum as appears to Her Majesty to be required for the effective exercise of the said power, so that the annual sum so guaranteed does not exceed in amount or continue for a longer time than the annuity previously guaranteed.  (3.) The Treasury shall charge on and issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, or the growing produce thereof, such sums as may from time to time be required for fulfilling the guarantee of Her Majesty in pursuance of this Act.  (4.) All sums paid from time to time in or towards the repayment of any sum issued out of the Consolidated Fund in pursuance of this Act shall be paid into the Exchequer.  (5.) The Treasury shall, during the continuance of the said guarantee, lay before both Houses of Parliament in every year within one month after the thirty-first day of March, an account up to that day of the total sums, if any, which have been either issued from the Consolidated Fund in pursuance of this Act, or paid in or towards repayment of any money so issued.

Short title. 2. This Act may be cited as the Greek Loan Act, 1898.

Digitized by CjOO^Ic

1898.

Greek Loan Act, 1898.

Ch. 4.

SCHEDULE.

Articles contained in a Convention made in March, one thousand qjght hundred and ninety-eight, between the Governments of Great Britain, France, Russia, and Greece, respecting the guarantee of a Loan of £6,800,000 to be issued by the Government of Greece, the English Translation of which Articles is as follows:—

I.—Issue of the .

ARTICLE I.

The Hellenic Government may issue, under the guarantee afforded by the present Convention, at an effective rate of interest not exceeding 2| per cent., and for a period of not more than sixty years, the amount of bonds necessary to produce a net maximum sum of 170,000,000 fr., 6,800,000/., or 63,750,000 roubles, which shall be employed in the manner provided in Articles 7 and 10 of the Law regarding the Control.

The conditions of this loan will be settled by mutual agreement between the three Guaranteeing Powers and the Hellenic Government. They will form the subject of a Reglement which will be sanctioned by a Royal Decree, issued in the Council of Ministers under special legislative authorization.

ARTICLE II.

Of the capital fixed by Article I., the amount of bonds necessary to produce a net sum of 150,000,000 fr,, 6,000,000/., or 56,250,000 roubles will be issued immediately.

The bonds intended eventually to cover the deficits of the year 1898 and the following years, up to a maximum of 20,000,000 fr., will be issued as they are required, under special legislative authorizations, which must have been previously submitted for the approval of the International Commission, in accordance with Article 10 of the Law regarding the Control.

The power to issue these bonds will not extend beyond the year 1903.

ARTICLE III.

The expenses of issue, of negotiation, and of commission, will be added to the capital of the loons referred to in the preceding Article.

II.—Service of the Loan.

ARTICLE IV.

The service of the loan will be provided for by a fixed annuity, calculated, including amortization, at 3 *6 per cent, of the nominal capital, and furnished by the revenues assigned for the service of the Hellenic Public Debt, according to the provisions of the Law regarding the Control.

The amortization shall not, however, commence till 1903, and for the first five years the annuity to be provided by the Hellenic Government will be 2*5 per cent, of the nominal capital of the loans issued.

ARTICLE V.

The coupons will be paid in gold on the 1st April and 1st October of each year, at places to be fixed hereafter.

Digitized by LjOOQle

s

Ch. 4.

Greek Loan Act, 1S98.

G1 Vict

ARTICLE VI.

The portion of the annuity fixed by Article III. which is not absorbed by the service of the interest will be assigned for the amortization of the loan. The amortization will be csrried out at par by drawings. If, however, the price is below par, it may be effected by purchases in the market.

III.—Employment of the Proceeds of the Loan.

ARTICLE VII.

The proceeds of the loan will be employed by the International Commission in the manner laid down in Articles 7 and 10 of the Law regarding the control.

ARTICLE VIII.

The conditions of the conversion or repayment of the floating gold debt will form the subject of a Royal Decree, which shall previously be submitted for the approval of the International Commission.

The bonds destined to cover the sums in gold borrowed from the banks of issue under the Laws on the forced currency, as well as the other udvances in gold made by thos9 banks, will be deposited at the Bank of France, which will not give them up without the concurrence of the International Commission.

The coupons of these bonds will be detached, and forwarded to the banks of issue.

IV.—Guarantee of the .

ARTICLE IX.

The Governments of France, Great Britain, and Russia underfake to guarantee jointly and severally, or to apply to their Parliaments for authority to guarantee jointly and severally, the regular service of the annuity fixed by Article IV.

ARTICLE X.

The conditions under which advances are to be made if the guarantee becomes effective, and the manner in which they are to be repaid, will be determined by a future Convention.

ARTICLE Xi:

The Hellenic Government will have the right with the consent of the •three Guaranteeing Powers, to effect the conversion of the loan at any time after the 1st April 1918.

It will be bound to exercise this power at the collective request of the three Guaranteeing Powers, who will come to an agreement as to the circumstances under which this request is to be made.

V.—General Provisions.

ARTICLE XII.

The capital and interest of the bonds issued in accordance with Articles I. and II. of the present Convention will be free from any taxes, dues, or charges for the benefit of the Hellenic Government.

ARTICLE XIII.

The present Convention will be ratified, and the ratifications will be •exchanged at Paris, at the earliest possible date.

Digitized by LjOoq Le

1898.

Public Buildings Expenses Act, 1898.

Ch. 5.

9

CHAPTER 5.

An Act to provide for defraying the expenses of the purchase of Land and Buildings and the construction of Buildings and Works in connexion with certain Public Departments. [1st April 1898.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1.—(1.) The Treasury shall issue out of the Consolidated Fund issue of or the growing produce thereof such sums, not exceeding in the moneyfor whole two million five hundred and fifty thousand pounds, as may j||en* be required by the Commissioners of Works for defraying the schedule, costs of the purchases, buildings, and works specified in the schedule to this Act, whether incurred before or after the passing of this Act.

(2.) Any sum so issued may, so far as not immediately required, be invested in such manner as the Treasury direct, and any interest thereon shall be applied for the purposes of this Act.

(3.) Such sum as is shown by the accounts certified by the Comptroller and Auditor-General under section four of the Sinking 38 & 39 Viet. Fund Act, 1875, to be the surplus of income above expenditure for c. 45. the financial year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight shall, to the extent of two million five hundred and fifty thousand pounds, instead of being applied as provided by that Act, be applied by the Treasury at such times as they direct in paying any sums authorised by this Act to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund.

(4.) Any money issued under this Act, and not required for the purposes thereof, and also any money which the Treasury certify to have been received either by way of equality of exchange upon the acquisition of any land or buildings referred to in the schedule to this Act, or for the sale or other disposal of any land or buildings rendered unnecessary by reason of any of the purqhases or works specified in the schedule to this Act, shall be paid to the National Debt Commissioners and applied as if such money were part of the old sinking fund.

2.—(1.) Before any money is issued for the purpose of Accounts and expenditure under any head in the schedule to this Act, the ftudit' Commissioners of Works shall submit to the Treasury an estimate with such details as may be required by the Treasury of the expenditure under that head for which it is for the time being proposed to issue money, and shall therewith state the period within which it is proposed to expend the money so issued.

(2.) There shall be no excess of expenditure under any head in the schedule above the amount stated therein for that head, unless

Google

10

Ch. 5.

Public Buildings Expenses Act, 1898.

61 Vict.

29 & 30 Vict. 0. 39.

Short title.

the Treasury and Commissioners of Works are satisfied that the excess will be compensated by savings on the expenditure under another head, so that no excess will be caused over the total expenditure specified in the schedule, and in such cases the savings may be applied in payment of the excess.

(3.) The Commissioners of Works shall in every financial year cause to be made out an account, in the form required by the Treasury, of the money expended under this Act, and the account of expenditure under this Act shall be audited and reported upon by the Comptroller and Auditor-General as an appropriation account and presented to the House of Commons in manner directed by the Exchequer and Audit Departments Act, 1866.

3. This Act may be cited as the Public Buildings Expenses Act, 1898.

SCHEDULE.

Offices and Buildings.

Heads. Estimated Cost.

1. Public offices (Whitehall site), completion of purchase of site, and erection of buildings and works connected therewith. £  475,000

2. Public offices (Westminster site), completion of purchase of site, and erection of buildings and works connected therewith. 700,000

3. Science and Art Buildings at South Kensington - 800,000

4. Completion of Admiralty, including extension - 275,000

5. Post Office buildings (Queen Victoria Street and West Kensington), purchase of buildings, erection of buildings, and works connected therewith. 300,000

£2,550,000

Note.—The sum of 700,000?. mentioned under Head 2 includes a sum of 100,000?. for the purchase of the Westminster site, which is in addition to the sum of 460,000?., authorised to be borrowed for the purchase of that site by the Public Offices (Acquisition of Site) Act, 1895, Session 2 (69 Vict. c. 6.).

>

Digitized by Google

i89a

Special Juries Act, 1898.

Ch. 6, 7, 8.

11

CHAPTER 0.

An Act for amending the Law as to Special Juries.

[23rd May 1898.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1.—(1.) The provision in section one hundred and eight of the Amendment Common Law Procedure Act, 1852, by the words “ not exceeding forty-eight in all ” shall be repealed. special

(2.) The power to make rules of court for the High Court shall include power to make rules with respect to special juries, and thereby to repeal or alter any rules made under any previous Act with respect to special juries.

2. This Act may be cited as the Special Juries Act, 1898. Short title.

CHAPTER 7.

An Act to Amend the Law with respect to Bail.

[23rd May 1898.]

WHEREAS accused persons are sometimes kept iu prison for a long time on account of their inability to find sureties, although there is no risk of their absconding, or other reason why they should not be bailed, and it is therefore expedient to amend section twenty-three of the Indictable Offences Act, 1848: n & h vfct.

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, c. 42. by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :

1. Where a justice has power, under section twenty-three of the Power to Indictable Offences Act, 1848, to admit to bail for appearance, he *®cfP* b*il may dispense with sureties, if, in his opinion, the so dispensing will not tend to defeat the ends of justice.

2. This Act may be cited as the Bail Act, 1898. Short title.

An Act to amend the Law in regard to^the Tenure of Office of Sheriffs in Scotland. [1st July 1898.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Upon a report prepared at the instance of the Secretary for Re nova] of Scotland by the Lord President of the Court of Session and the

J or ler of

CHAPTER 8.

12

Secretary for Scotland.

Annuities.

17 & 18 Viet, c. 94.

Application of Act.

Short title.

Liability of members of the army reserve to be called out on permanent service.

45 & 46 Viet, c. 48.

"\

Ch. 8, 9. Sheriffs Tenure of Office (Scotland) 61 & 62 Vict.

Act, 1898.

Lord Justice Clerk for the time being, declaring that a sheriff in Scotland is by reason of inability or misbehaviour unfit for his office, it shall be lawful for the Secretary for Scotland to issue an order for his removal from office, provided alwajTs that such order shall lie before both Houses of Parliament for a period of four consecutive weeks while Parliament is sitting, and if either House of Parliament within that period resolve that such order ought not to take effect, the same shall be of no effect, but otherwise shall come into operation at the expiration of the said month.

2. If a sheriff is removed under the preceding section before he has completed ten years' service on the ground that he is by reason of inability unfit for his office, it shall be lawful for the Treasury to grant him an annuity of such amount and for such period as they shall consider just in all the circumstances, but in no case exceeding three-tenths of the salary payable to such sheriff, and any such annuity shall be charged upon and payable out of the same fund and in the same manner as annuities to sheriffs are paid and charged under the first section of the Public Revenue and Consolidated Fund Charges Act, 1854.

3. This Act shall not apply to sheriffs substitute.

4. This Act may be cited as the Sheriffs Tenure of Office (Scotland) Act, 1898.

CHAPTER 9.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Reserve Forces and Militia. [1st July 1898.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Any man belonging to the first class of the army reserve, whose character on transfer to the army reserve is good, shall, if he so agrees in writing, be liable during the first twelve months of his service in that reserve to be called out on permanent service without such proclamation or communication to Parliament as is mentioned in section twelve of the Reserve Forces Act, 1882, and the calling out of men under this Act shall not involve the meeting of Parliament as required by section thirteen ©f that Act.

Provided as follows :—

(a.) The number of the men so liable shall not at any one time exceed five thousand;

(b.) The power of calling out men under this section shall not be exercised except when they are required for service outside the United Kingdom when warlike operations are in preparation or in progress;

Google

1898.

Reserve Forces and Militia Act, 1898.

Ch. 9, 10.

13

(c.) A man called out under this section shall not he liable to serve for more than twelve months;

(cl.) Any agreement under this section may be revoked by three months' notice in writing; and (e.) Any exercise of the power of calling out men under this section shall be reported to Parliament as soon as may be.

2. Section twelve of the Militia Act, 1882, shall have effect as if Amendment the words “ any place out of the United Kingdom ” were substituted voluntary*0 therein for the words “ the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, service of

“ and Sark, the Isle of Man, Malta, and the garrison of Gibraltar,

“ or any of them,” and shall be construed as authorising the united employment of any member of the militia volunteering to serve for Kingdom, a period not exceeding one year whether an order embodying the 45^ 46 vict* militia is in force or not at the time. c

3. The number of men for the time being employed under Provision as

this Act shall not be reckoned in the number of the forces ^^orised" authorised by the Army Act for the time being in force. by Army

Act.

4. This Act may be cited as the Reserve Forces and Militia Short title. Act, 1898.

CHAPTER 10.

An Act to grant certain duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other duties, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue, and to make other provision for the financial arrangements of the year. [1st July 1898.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray Your Majesty's public expenses, and making an addition to the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several duties herein-after mentioned ; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

PART I.

Customs and Excise.

1.—(1.) In lieu of the duties of Customs now payable on Duties and tobacco, there shall, on and after the sixteenth day of May, one ^^bacco

Google

14

Ch. 10

Finance Act, 1898.

61 & 62 Vict.

26 & 27 Viet c.7.

Amendment of 50 & 51 Viet, c. 15. 8. 4.

Duty on tea.

Prohibition

against

grogging

casks which have contained spirits.

X

thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight, be charged, levied, and paid upon tobacco imported into Great Britain or Ireland, the duties following (that is to say) :—

Tobacco, manufactured, viz.:—

£, 8. d.

Cigars ----- the lb. 0 5 0

Cavendish or Negrohead - - the lb. 0 3 10

Cavendish or Negrohead, manufactured

in bond - the lb. 0 3 5

Other manufactured tobacco - - the lb. 0 3 5

Snuff containing more than 13 lbs. of moisture in every 100 lbs. weight thereof - the lb. 0 3 2

Snuff not containing more than 13 lbs. of moisture in every 100 lbs. weight thereof - - - the lb. 0 3 10

Tobacco, unmanufactured, viz.:—

Containing 10 lbs. or more of moisture in

every 100 lbs. weight thereof - the lb. 0 2 8

Containing less than 10 lbs. of moisture

in every 100 lbs. weight thereof - the lb. 0 3 0

(2.) The drawback allowed under section one of the Manufactured Tobacco Act, 1863, as extended by any subsequent Act, on tobacco exported from Great Britain or Ireland, or deposited in a bonded or Queen's warehouse, shall, on and after the sixteenth day of May, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight, be allowed at the rate of two shillings and ninepence upon every pound weight instead of three shillings and threepence as provided in the said section.

2. In section four of the Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1887 (which restricts the amount of moisture in tobacco), “ thirty per centum ” shall be substituted for “ thirty-five per centum.”

3. The duty of Customs now payable on tea shall continue to be charged, levied, and paid on and after the first day of August, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight, until the first day of August, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, on the importation thereof into Great Britain or Ireland (that is to say):—

Tea, the pound - Fourpence.

4. —(1.) A person shall not—

(a) subject any cask to any process for the purpose of extractiDg any spirits absorbed in the wood thereof ; or

(b) have on his premises any cask which is being subjected to any such process, or any spirits extracted from the wood of any cask.

(2.) If any person contravenes this section, he shall for each offence incur a fine of fifty pounds.

(3.) All spirits extracted in contravention of this section shall be deemed to be spirits unlawfully kept or deposited within the

Google

1898.

Finance A, 1898.

Ch. 10.

15

meaning of the Spirits Act, ] 880, and every cask which is being 43 & 44 vict subjected to any such process, or which being upon premises c*24* upon which spirits so extracted are found has been subjected to any such process, shall be forfeited.

PAET II.

Stamps.

5. The provisions contained in section one hundred and fourteen Extension of of the Stamp Act, 1891, in reference to the composition for stamp * ®5 JJj*-duty chargeable on transfers of certain colonial stocks, shall extend ^ British * to the stock of any British protectorate or protected state to which protectorate, protectorate or state a Secretary of State applies the Colonial Stock Acts, 1877 and 1892, and be is hereby authorised so to apply the said Acts with the necessary modifications.

6. For the removal of doubts with reference to the effect of Removal of sections fifty-four and fifty-seven of the Stamp Act, 1891, it is 5^*5“ hereby declared that the definition of “ conveyance on sale ” in the Cm 39. B8> 54, said section fifty-four includes a decree or order for, or having 57, so far as the effect of an order for, foreclosure. forectosure

Provided that— decrees.

(а) the ad valorem stamp duty upon any such decree or order shall nob exceed the duty on a sum equal to the value of the property to which the decree or order relates, and where the decree or order states that value that statement shall be conclusive for the purpose of determining the amount of the duty; and

(б) where ad valorem stamp duty is paid upon such decree or order, any conveyance following upon such decree or order shall be exempt from the ad valorem stamp duty.

PART III.

Income Tax.

7.—(1.) Income tax for the year beginning on the sixth day of Rate of April, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight, shall be charged at the rate of eightpence.

(2.) All such enactments relating to income tax as were in force on the fifth day of April, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight, shall have full force and effect with respect to the duties of income tax hereby granted.

8. Any individual who having been assessed or charged to Relief from

income tax or having paid income tax either by deduction “come tax

° j • 1 .1 where income

or otherwise claims and proves in manner prescribed by the does not

Income Tax Acts that his total income from all sources, although exceed 7oo/.

exceeding one hundred and sixty pounds, does not exceed seven

Google

Ch. 10.

Finance Act, 1898.

61 & 62 Vict.

16

Annual value of deduction in certain cases. 16 & 17 Vict. c. 34.

57 & 58 Vict. c. 80.

Power to landlords to pay income tax under Schedule A.

A

hundred pounds, shall be entitled to relief from income tax equal—

(a) if his total income does not exceed four hundred pounds, to the amount of the income tax upon one hundred and sixty pounds; and

( b)if his total income exceeds four hundred pounds and does not exceed five hundred pounds, to the amount of the income tax upon one hundred and fifty pounds; and

(c) if his total income exceeds five hundred pounds and does not exceed six hundred pounds, to the amount of the income tax upon one hundred and twenty pounds ; and

(d) if his total income exceeds six hundred pounds and does not exceed seven hundred pounds, to the amount of the income tax upon seventy pounds;

and such relief shall be given either by reduction of the assessment or by repayment of the excess which has been paid, or by both of those means, as the case may require.

9. Where in estimating the amount of annual profits or gains arising or accruing from any profession, trade, employment, or vocation, and chargeable to income tax under Schedule D. of the Income Tax Act, 1853, any sum is deducted on account of the annual value of the premises used for the purpose of such profession, trade, employment, or vocation, the sum so deducted shall not exceed the amount of the assessment of the premises for the purpose of income tax under Schedule A. to the said Act, as reduced tor the purpose of collection under section thirty-five of the Finance Act, 1894.

10. In assessing and charging the duties of income tax under Schedule A. in the Income Tax Act, 1853, in respect of any lands, houses, or buildings assessable on the occupier, it shall be lawful for the General Commissioners of Income Tax, if they shall think fit, on a request in writing to that effect from the landlord or immediate lessor delivered personally or sent by post to the clerk of the General Commissioners of Income Tax for the district on or before the thirty-first day of July in any year, to charge and assess such person in the assessment for such year and subsequent years with the said duty as if he were the occupier thereof, and such duty may be recoverable from him in the same manner as any other duties of income tax are recoverable, provided that this provision is not to prejudice the right of recovery of the duty, if necessary, by distraint upon the premises or property in respect of which the assessment was made, in the same way as if the assessment had been made upon the occupier for the time being, and upon such occupier paying the same the amount thereof may be deducted and allowed out of the next or any subsequent payment on account of rent.

Provided further, that it shall be competent for any landlord or immediate lessor to cancel the said request by a notice in writing to that effect, delivered personally or sent by post to the Clerk of the General Commissioners of Income Tax for the district, on or before the thirty-first day of July in any year.

Google

1898. * Finance Act,1898. Ch. 10. 17

11. This Part of this Act shall be construed together with the Construction

Income Tax Act, 1842, and the Income Tax Act, 1853, and the Jf^Jryict

enactments amending the same. c. 35.

16 & 17 Viet, c. 34.

PART IV.

Land Tax.

12. —(1.) Where the owner in possession of the rents and profits Exemption of any land or other property on which land tax is assessed before from land the amount so assessed, in any financial year, is paid, produces to tax‘

the collector of land tax a certificate from the surveyor of taxes that such owner has been allowed in that year a total exemption from income tax by reason of his income not exceeding a hundred and sixty pounds, the said amount of land tax shall not be collected, and if such owner produces to the said collector a certificate from the surveyor of taxes that such owner has been allowed in that year an abatement of income tax by reason of his income not exceeding four hundred pounds, one half of the said amount of land tax shall not be collected ; and any amount of land tax not collected by reason of this section shall be remitted from the unredeemed quota of the land tax for that year.

(2.) This Part of this Act shall be construed together with Part Six of the Finance Act, 1896, and the Land Tax Acts, as defined 59 & 60 Viet, in that Part. «•28-

PART V.

Estate Duties.

13. Section five, sub-section two, of the Finance Act, 1894, shall Person* not be read and have effect as if the following words had been inserted

at the end thereof, “ and who if on his death subsequent limitations competent*to “ under the settlement take effect in respect of such property was dispose for “ sui juris at the time of his death or had been sui juris at any time ^ebpu^°8e “ while so competent to dispose of the property.” wtUementf.

14. Where in the case of a death occurring after the commence- Settlement * ment of this Act settlement estate duty is paid in respect of any e8ta,e duty

property contingently settled, and it is thereafter shown that the rep*yment' contingency has not arisen, and cannot arise, the said duty paid in respect of such property shall be repaid.

PART VI.

Miscellaneous.

15. Notwithstanding anything in the Suez Canal Shares Act, Provision as to 1876, or the Finance Act, 1894, any money paid into the Exchequer, m°wpecSrTlncz whether before or after the passing of this Act, in respect of the Spl?d!h*ro“ capital of Suez Canal shares drawn for repayment shall be issued § JSvSuSS' and applied in like manner as the new sinking fund.

B

Google

18

Ch. 10,11.

Finance Act, 1898.

61 & 62 Vict.

Power to barristers and solicitors to plead before the General Commissioners.

Short title.

Repeal of Acts.

Explanation of 26 Hen. 6. c. 14.

Short title.

51 A 62 Vict c. »6.

16. Section fifty-seven, sub-section nine, of the Taxes Management Act, 1880, is hereby repealed, and it shall be lawful for the General Commissioners to permit any barrister or solicitor to plead before them on any appeal for the appellant or officers either viva voce or by writing.

17. This Act may be cited as the Finance Act, 1898.

18. The Acts specified in the schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent in the third column of that schedule mentioned.

SCHEDULE.

Acts Repealed.

Customs.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

41 & 42 Yict. c. 15. The Customs and Inland Section three, down to

Revenue Act, 1878. “ allowable, provided always that ”

50 A 51 Yict. c. 15. The Customs and Inland Section three.

Revenue Aot, 1887.

CHAPTER 11.

An Act to explain the Act a9 to Suffragan Bishops.

[1st July 1898.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Notwithstanding anything contained in the Act passed in the twenty-sixth year of King Henry the Eighth “ for nomination and consecration of suffragans within this realm,” it shall be lawful to nominate, present, and appoint as suffragan bishop a person already consecrated as a bishop, and in that case the letters patent presenting him shall not require his consecration.

2. This Act may be cited as the Suffragan Bishops Act, 1898, and the said Act of King Henry the Eighth, and the Suffragans Nomination Act, 1888, and this Act may be cited collectively as the Suffragan Bishops Acts, 1534 to 1898.

Google

189a

PMic Record Office Act, 1898.

Ch. 12,13.

19

CHAPTER 12.

An Act to amend the Public Record Office Act, 1877.

[1st July 1898.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Section one of the Public Record Office Act, 1877 (which gives Amendment of power to make rules as to the disposal of valueless documents), 40 & 41 Viet, shall have effect as if for the words “ one thousand seven hundred **10 and fifteen ” were substituted the words “ one thousand six hundred and sixty,” and as if for the words " sixty days ” were substituted the words “ nine weeks.”

2. This Act may be cited as the Public Record Office Act, 1898, Short title.

and the Public Record Office Acts, 1838 and 1877, and this Act l & 2 Vibt.

may be cited collectively as the Public Record Office Acts, 1838 to 192* 4

1 odtt ' 40 k 41 Viet,

CHAPTER 13.

An Act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise Money in the United Kingdom for the Service of the Government of India. [1st July 1898.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Pasliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the East India Loan Act, 1898. short title.

2. In this Act the expression “ Secretary of State ” means the Definition. Secretary of State in Council of India, unless the context otherwise requires.

3. It shall be lawful for the Secretary of State, at any time or Power to times, to raise in the United Kingdom, for the service of the Secretary of Government of India, any sum or sums of money not exceeding in g^^1*18® the whole ten millions of pounds sterling, such sum or sums to be exceeding raised by the creation and issue of bonds, debentures, bills, or capital 10,000,000/. stock bearing interest, or partly by one of such modes, and partly by another or others.

4. The whole amount of the principal moneys to be charged Limit of on the revenues of India under this Act shall not exceed ten on

millions of pounds sterling. revenues of

B 2 Indim*

Digitized by L^ooQle

20

Power to raise money for payment of principal money.

Securities to be charged on revenues of India.

Saving.

Provisions of 56 & 57 Viet, c. 70. 1893, to apply.

Kxtension of limitation of liability in certain cases of loss of life, injury, or damage.

Ch. 13,14. East India Loan Act, 1898. 61 & 62 Yict.

5. Upon or for the repayment of any principal moneys secured under the authority of this Act, the Secretary of State may at any time borrow or raise, by all or any of the modes aforesaid, all or any part of the amount of principal money repaid or to be repaid, and so from time to time as all or any part of any principal moneys under this Act may require to be repaid, but the amount so to be charged on the revenues of India shall not in any case exceed the principal moneys required to be repaid.

6. All bonds, debentures, and bills issued under this Act, and the principal moneys and interest thereby secured, and all capital stock issued under this Act, and the interest thereon, shall be charged on and payable out of the revenues of India, in like manner as other liabilities incurred on account of the Government of India.

7. This Act shall not prejudice or affect any power of raising or borrowing money vested in the said Secretary of State at the time of passing thereof.

8. The provisions of the East India Loan Act, 1893, as to the issue, signature, verification, terms, and conditions of bonds, debentures, and bills, and the payment of principal and interest on debentures, and the creation, registration, and transfer, of capital stock, and the composition for stamp duties, and as to criminal offences, and as to the application of the India Stock Certificate Act, 1863, shall apply in the case of bonds, debentures, and bills issued, and capital stock created, under this Act, as the case may be.

CHAPTER 14.

An Act to amend the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, with respect to the Liability of Shipowners.

[25th July 1898.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :

1. Sections five hundred and two to five hundred and nine inclusive of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, shall extend and apply to the owners, builders, or other parties interested in any ship built at any port or place in Her Majesty's dominions, from and including the launching of such ship until the registration thereof under section two of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894. Provided always that such owners, builders, or other parties interested as aforesaid shall not benefit under this section for a period beyond three months after the launching of such ship.

189$. Merchant Shipping (Liability of Ch. 14, 15. 21

Shipowners) Act, 1898.

2. So much of section five hundred and eight of the Merchant Partial repeal Shipping Act, 1894, as is inconsistent with the foregoing is hereby 60 * 5soa repealed.

3. For the purposes of this Act the tonnage of a ship shall be Measurement ascertained as provided by section five hundred and three, sub-

section two (b) and (c) of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, with poses of this regard to foreign ships. Act.

4. For the purposes of this Act “ ship ” shall include every Definition, description of vessel used or intended to be used in navigation not propelled by oars and whether completed or in course of completion

or construction.

5. This Act may be cited as the Merchant Shipping (Liability Short title, of Shipowners) Act, 1898.

CHAPTER 15.

An Act to empower certain Societies to borrow Money from Persons and Corporations other than Members.

[25th July 1898.]

EE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. A society may by rule provide that it may receive deposits Provision for and borrow money at interest from its members, or from other borrowing, persons, and upon the registry of such rule the same shall be valid.

2. The expression “society” in this Act means a specially Interpretation, authorised society registered, or seeking registration, under the Friendly Societies Act, 1896, having for its object the creation of 59 & co Viet, funds to be lent out to the members of the society or for their c* 25*. benefit, and having in its rules provisions—

(a) that no part of its funds shall be divided by way of profit, bonus, dividend, or otherwise among its members;

(6) that all money lent to members shall be applied to such purpose as the society or its committee of management may approve.

3. This Act shall be cited for all purposes as the Societies' Short title. Borrowing Powers Act, 1898.

22

Ch. 16. Canals Protection ( Lond) Act, 1898. 61 & 62 Yict.

Dangerous places on canals to be protected.

Appeal from requisition to court of summary jurisdiction.

Execution of •works by local

authority.

Power to recover costs of works.

Appeal from court of

summary

jurisdiction.

Commencement of Act

%

CHAPTER 16.

An Act to provide for the Protection of Dangerous Places on Canals in the County of London. [25th July 1898.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. If in the opinion of any local authority any part of a canal within the jurisdiction of that local authority, or the bank or towing-path thereof, is so insufficiently protected at any place where it abuts upon any public highway existing at the time of the passing of this Act as to involve danger to human life, such local authority may by notice in writing require the canal company to erect and maintain such fences, gates, turnstiles, or rails on any part of the bank or towing-path, or on adjacent property of the canal company, as may, in the opinion of the local authority, be required to obviate such danger: Provided that no fences, gates, turnstiles, or rails shall be required to be erected which would be between the waterway of the canal and the towing-path thereof, or which would otherwise interfere with the free passage of traffic along the canal or towiDg-path.

2. If the canal company refuse to comply with any notice under this Act, or fail for one month from receipt of any such notice to comply therewith, it shall be lawful for a court of summary jurisdiction by order on complaint by the local authority to determine, after due inquiry, whether any such danger exists, and whether the works required by any such notice are necessary and such as the canal company may be reasonably required to carry out, and whether the whole or any of such works shall be carried out, and to limit a time within which any works shall be executed, and to determine whether the costs of any such works and the future maintenance thereof shall be borne by the local authority or the canal company, or in what proportions between them.

3. If any such order be not complied with by the canal company within the time so limited, the local authority may execute the works necessary for compliance with such order, and may recover the costs thereof from the canal company, so far as payable by them.

4. The costs of any works payable by the local authority or the canal company under this Act may be recovered from the party liable for the same in manner provided by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts.

5. Any order of a court of summary jurisdiction under this Act shall be subject to appeal to the court of quarter sessions in manner provided by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts.

6. This Act shall come into operation on, and shall take effect from the first day of January, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine.

Google

1898.

Canals Protection {London) , 1898. Ch. 16,17.

23

7. This Act shall apply only within the administrative county of Extent of

London. Act*

8. In this Act— Interpreta-“ Canal company ” means any company or person owning or in tion.

possession of a canal or any part thereof:

“Local authority” means and includes the London County Council, a vestry or district board of works under the Metropolis Management Acts, the Mayor, Commonalty, and citizens of the City of London, or the Woolwich Local Board of Health, as the case may require.

9. This Act may be cited as the Canals Protection (London) Short title. Act, 1898.

CHAPTER 17.

An Act to amend and consolidate the Laws relating to Solicitors and to the service of Indentured Apprentices in Ireland. [25th July 1898.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :

Preliminary.

L This Act may be cited as the Solicitors (Ireland) Act, 1898. short title.

2. This Act shall extend to Ireland only. Extent of Act

3. This Act shall, so far as regards the power of the Lord Commence-' Chancellor and certain of the judges of the High Court and of the ment of Act-Incorporated Law Society to make regulations hereunder, and so

far as regards the issue of notices and other proceedings preliminary to holding the first examinations hereunder, come into operation on the passing hereof, and for all other purposes shall come into operation on the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine.

4. In this Act “ Lord Chancellor ” includes Lords Commissioners, interpretation and Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of Ireland : °*terms-

“ Solicitor ” means solicitor of the Supreme Court:

“ Registrar ” means the registrar of solicitors:

“ The Incorporated Law Society ” or “ the Society ” means “ the Incorporated Law Society of Ireland ” acting under their present or any future charters :

“ Preliminary examination ” means an examination in general knowledge of persons seeking to become bound under indentures of apprenticeship to solicitors :

Google

/

24

Ch. 17,

Solicitors (Ireland) ,1898,

61 & 62 ViCT.

Registrar of solicitors.

No person to act as solicitor unless admitted and enrolled.

Power to Society to provide lectures.

Examine* tions to be held under management

of Society.

N.

“ Intermediate examination ” means an examination of persons bound under indentures of apprenticeship to solicitors in order to ascertain the progress made by such persons during their apprenticeship in acquiring the knowledge necessary for rendering them fit and capable to act as solicitors:

“ Final examination ” means an examination of persons applying to be admitted as solicitors as well touching the indentures of apprenticeship and service as the fitness and capacity of such persons to act as solicitors in all business and matters usually transacted by solicitors, and includes, where any allegation is made by the registrar of solicitors as to the moral unfitness of any such person to be an officer of the Supreme Court, an inquiry into the truth of such allegation.

5. There shall be a registrar of solicitors, who shall have the powers and perform the duties by this Act provided, and the office of such registrar shall be vested in the Incorporated Law Society under their present or any future charters of incorporation.

6. From and after the commencement of this Act, no person shall act as a solicitor, or as such solicitor sue out any writ or process, or commence, carry on, solicit, or defend any action, suit, or other proceeding, in his own name or in the name of any other person in the Supreme Court, or in the Court of Bankruptcy, or in the Court of the Land Commission, or of any Sub-commission, or in the county court or petty sessions courts of any county or riding of a county, or in any court of civil or criminal jurisdiction, in Ireland, or act as a solicitor in any cause, matter, or suit, civil or criminal, to be heard, tried, or determined before any justice of assize, of oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, or at any general or quarter sessions of the peace for any county, riding, division, liberty, city, borough, or place, or before any justice, unless such person has been admitted and enrolled and otherwise duly qualified to act as a solicitor under or by virtue of the laws now in force, or unless such person shall after the commencement of this Act be admitted and enrolled and otherwise duly qualified to act as a solicitor pursuant to the directions and regulations of this Act, and unless such person shall continue to be so duly qualified and on the roll of solicitors at the time of his acting in the capacity of a solicitor as aforesaid, except as herein-after in this Act mentioned.

Lectures and Examinations.

7. It shall be lawful for the Incorporated Law Society to provide lectures, classes, and other teaching for persons bound, or about to be bound, under indentures of apprenticeship, to solicitors, and for that purpose to appoint such professors and lecturers to hold office for such period, and on such terms, and for such remuneration, and subject to such conditions, as the Incorporated Law Society may determine.

8. The Incorporated Law Society are hereby authorised and required to hold, at least three times in the year, commencing with the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine,

Google

1898.

Solicitors ( Ireland)1898.

Ch.1?.

25

and in every succeeding year, a preliminary examination, an intermediate examination, and a final examination; and the Society shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, have the entire management and control of all such examinations, and shall have power to make regulations with respect to all or any of the following matters; (that is to say,)

(a.) With respect to the admission to apprenticeship, the attendance of apprentices at lectures, and other matters connected therewith; and

(b.) With respect to the subjects for and the mode of conducting the examination of candidates; and (c.) With respect to the times and places of examination, and the notices of examinations; and (d.) With respect to the certificates to be given to persons of their having passed any examination ; and (e.) With respect to the appointment and removal of examiners, professors, and lecturers, and with respect to the remuneration by fees or otherwise of the examiners, professors, or lecturers so appointed; and (f.) With respect to the exemption from the whole or from any part of the intermediate examination of persons who have obtained the degree of bachelor of civil law or bachelor of laws, or a certificate of having passed the examination required for such degree at any university in the United Kingdom; and (g.) With respect to any other matter or thing as to which the Society think it expedient to make regulations for the purpose of carrying this section into execution.

Copies of all regulations made under the authority of this section shall be transmitted to the Lord Chancellor, the President of the Queen's Bench Division, the Lord Chief Baron, and to the Master of the Rolls, and if within twenty-eight days after a copy of any regulation has been so transmitted, any three of those judges, or any two of them in the event of the office of Lord Chief Baron ceasing to exist (the Lord Chancellor in each case being one), signify by writing under their hands, addressed to the president or secretary of the Society, their dissent from such regulation or any part thereof, the same shall be of no force or effect; and if after any such regulation or any part thereof has come into force, any three of those judges, or any two of them in the event aforesaid (the Lord Chancellor in each case being one), signify in manner aforesaid their dissent from such regulation or any part thereof, the same shall, at the expiration of two months, cease to be of any force or effect.

Apprenticeship and Admission.

9. Save as herein-after by this Act provided, no person shall be Admission capable of being bound by indentures of apprenticeship to serve j® aPPren' as an apprentice to a solicitor unless he has obtained from the tiow lp‘ Incorporated Law Society a certificate that he has passed a preliminary examination and has complied with such regulations as the Society under the provisions of this Act may have prescribed with respect to the admission to apprenticeship.

26

Ch. 17.

Solicitors (Ireland) Act, 1898. 61 & 62 VlCT

Restriction on solicitors taking apprentices.

No person to be admitted a solicitor unless be has served an apprenticeship of five years.

Admission of graduates of certain universities after three years service.

Admission of persons having been at the bar after three years service.

Admission of graduates of Irish universities after four years apprenticeship.

Admission of

persons

attending

prescribed

lectures and

passing

prescribed

10. No solicitor shall have (save as herein-after in this section mentioned) more than two apprentices at one and the same time bound by indentures of apprenticeship to serve him as apprentices, and no solicitor shall take, have, or retain any such apprentice after such solicitor has discontinued or left off practising as or carrying on the business of a solicitor, nor whilst such solicitor is retained or employed as a writer or clerk by any other solicitor, and service by any apprentice under such indentures as aforesaid to any solicitor, for and during any time that such solicitor is so employed as writer or clerk to any other solicitor, shall not be deemed good service under such indentures: Provided always, that in every case where a solicitor at the commencement of this Act has three apprentices he may have and retain such apprentices till the expiration of their indentures of apprenticeship.

11. No person, save as herein-after by this Act provided, shall from and after the commencement of this Act be capable of being admitted and enrolled as a solicitor, unless such person has been bound by indentures of apprenticeship to serve as an apprentice for and during the term of five years to a practising solicitor, and has duly served under such indentures for and during the said term of five years.

12. Every person having taken the degree of bachelor of arts or bachelor of laws in any of the uni verities of Dublin, Oxford, Cambridge, Durham, London, or in Victoria University, or in the Royal University of Ireland, or the degree of bachelor of arts, master of arts, bachelor of laws, or doctor of laws in any of the universities of Scotland (none of such degrees being honorary degrees), and who at any time after having taken such degree, and either before or after the commencement of this Act, has been bound by indentures of apprenticeship to a practising solicitor, shall only be required to be bound and serve thereunder for the term of three years.

13. Every person who either before or after the commencement of this Act has been called to the degree of utter barrister in Ireland, and has procured himself to be disbarred, and has been bound by indentures of apprenticeship to a practising solicitor, shall only be required to be bound and serve thereunder for the term of three years.

14. Every person who, after the commencement of his apprenticeship, and previous to his admission as a solicitor, takes the degree of bachelor of arts in the University of Dublin, or in the Royal University of Ireland, shall only be required to serve under indentures of apprenticeship to a practising solicitor for the term of four years.

15. Every person who, as a matriculated or as a non-matriculated student of the University of Dublin or of any of the Queen's Colleges in Ireland or the Royal University of Ireland, attends any prescribed lectures, and passes any prescribed examinations of the professors of the faculty of law in the said University of Dublin or

Google

Ch. 17.

27

. f.y?V :

1898.

Solicitors {Ireland) Act, 1898.

in any of the Queen's Colleges in Ireland or in the Royal University examinations of Ireland for a period of two collegiate years, shall only be required iaWXrmg°two to serve under indentures of apprenticeship to a practising solicitor collegiate years for the term of four years. “ Prescribed ” in this section means afterfour JearB prescribed by any regulations made by the Incorporated Law 8erTlce* Society.

16. Any person who, either before or after the commencement of Admission of this Act, has for the term of seven years been a bona fide clerk to a solicitor or solicitors, and during that term has been bon& fide bon&fde6D engaged in the transaction and performance, under the direction clerks to and superintendence of such solicitor or solicitors, of such matters of business as are usually transacted and performed by solicitors, after three and who produces to the Incorporated Law Society satisfactory years service, evidence that he has faithfully, honestly, and diligently served as such clerk, and who, after the expiration of the said term of seven years, ha3 been bound by indentures of apprenticeship to a practising solicitor, shall only be required to be bound and serve thereunder for the term of three years.

17. A certificate of having passed a preliminary examination under General this Act shall not be required from any person coming within the exemptions twelfth or thirteenth sections of this Act, or who has passed the first

public examination before moderators at Oxford, or the previous examination, examination at Cambridge, or the examination in arts for the second year at Durham, or who has passed one of the local examinations established by the University of Oxford, or one of the non-gremial examinations established by the University of Cambridge, or one of the examinations of the Oxford and Cambridge Schools Examination Board, or one of the open public matriculation examinations of the Universities of Dublin, London, or the preliminary examination of Victoria University, or the Royal University of Ireland, or in any of the Queen's Colleges in Ireland, or the examination for the first-class certificate of the College of Preceptors incorporated by Royal Charter in 1849. The above exemption may be extended by regulations made under this Act to any persons who pass any examination held in any of the above-mentioned universities, or in any other university, college, or educational institution, specified in such regulations.

18. The Lord Chancellor, the President of the Queen's Bench Power of

Division, the Lord Chief Baron, and the Master of the Rolls, ial

or any one or more of them, may, where under special circum-

stances they or he see fit so to do, exempt any person from com- from pre-pliancte with the enactments and regulations for the time being in force with respect to the preliminary examination, either entirely or partially, or subject to any such conditions as to them or him may seem fit.

19, In case any solicitor to whom any apprentice is bound by In case indenture as aforesaid, before the end or determination of such f^jc,tor. contract, beqomes bankrupt* or is imprisoned for debt and remains bankrupt 0r in prison for the space of twenty-one days, it shall be lawful for insolvent, or is the Lord Chancellor, upon the application of such apprentice, to ^©otnlesto

Digitized by Google

28

Ch. 17.

Solicitors {Ireland) Act, 1898. 61 & 62 Vicrr.

be discharged^ or assigned.

Disqualification of solicitor not to affect service of apprentice.

Applications for striking solicitors off the roll for defect in indentures, &c. to be made within twelve months of admission.

Apprentices whose masters have died or left off practice, &c., may enter into fresh indentures for the residue of their term.

Power to Lord Chancellor to order assignments under last section.

Indentures off apprenticeship to be

registered.

order and direct the said indentures to be discharged, or assigned to such person and upon such terms and in such manner as he shall think fit

20. No person who has duly served his apprenticeship under indentures pursuant to the provisions of this Act shall be prevented or disqualified from being admitted and enrolled as a solicitor, nor liable to be struck off the roll if admitted, by reason or in consequence of the solicitor to whom lie may have been bound by such indentures having been after such service struck off the roll, provided that such apprentice or person be otherwise entitled to be admitted and enrolled according to the provisions of this Act.

21. No person who has been admitted and enrolled shall be liable to be struck off the roll for or on account of any defect in the indentures of apprenticeship, or in the registry thereof, or in his service under such indentures, or in his admission and enrolment, unless the application for striking him oft' the roll be made within twelve months from the time of his admission and enrolment, provided that such indentures, registration, service, admission, or enrolment be without fraud.

22. If any solicitor to whom any person is bound dies before the expiration of the term for which such person is so bound, or discontinues to practise as a solicitor, or if such indentures by mutual consent of the parties are cancelled, or in case such apprentice is legally discharged before the expiration of such term by any rule or order of the Lord Chancellor, such apprentice may in any of the said cases be bound by other indentures or by an assignment of his former indentures to serve as apprentice to any other practising solicitor during the residue of the said term ; and service under such second or other indentures or under such assignment shall be good and effectual for all purposes.

23. In the event of any apprentice requiring to have an assignment made of his indentures under the last preceding section, it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, upon application being duly made by or on behalf of such apprentice, and upon being satisfied that a difficulty exists in procuring such assignment to be executed, to order that such indentures shall be transferred to such solicitor as to the Lord Chancellor may seem fit, and upon the making of any such order the said indenture shall be deemed and taken to be absolutely assigned in as full and ample a manner as if an assignment thereof had been duly executed by the person or persons legally entitled to assign the same.

24. —(1.) The indentures whereby any person is bound to serve as an apprentice to a solicitor, and which have not been registered before the commencement of this Act, shall, within six months from the date of such indentures, be produced to the registrar, who on being satisfied of the due execution thereof shall enter in a book the names and addresses of the parties to, and the date of the indentures, and the date of the entry. The book in which the entries are made shall, during office hours, be open to inspection by any person without fee or reward.

Google

1898.

Solicitors {Ireland) Act, 1898.

Cur. 17.

29

(2.) The registrar may, before making any such entry as aforesaid, require the execution of any articles to be verified by a statutory declaration or otherwise as may be thought fit by the registrar.

(3.) If indentures of apprenticeship are not produced to the registrar for entry within six months of the date thereof, they may be subsequently produced and entered, but in that case the service of the apprentice shall be reckoned to commence from the date of the production for entry, unless the Lord Chancellor shall otherwise direct.

(4.) In any case in which the indentures of apprenticeship have been lost before being produced to the registrar for entry, the Lord Chancellor may, upon being satisfied by such evidence as he thinks sufficient of the loss of the original indentures and that the duty has been duly paid thereon or upon a copy thereof, direct that the production of a copy thereof to the registrar shall be a sufficient compliance with the provisions of this section as to the production of indentures of apprenticeship.

(5.) The provisions of this section with respect to the production and entry of indentures shall apply to fresh indentures and to an assignment under the twenty-second section of this Act, in the same manner as they apply to the original indentures.

25.—(1.) Every person who is bound as an apprentice as Restriction on aforesaid shall, before he is admitted a solicitor according to this apprentices Act, prove, by an affidavit of himself and of the solicitor to whom taking mhTr° he was bound as aforesaid, to be duly made and filed with the employment, registrar, or by such other evidence as shall be satisfactory to the Lord Chancellor, that he has actually and really served and been employed by such practising solicitor, and that he has not (save as herein-after provided) held any office or engaged in any employment whatsoever other than the employment of apprentice to such solicitor and his partner (if any) in the business, practice, and employment of a solicitor during the whole time and in the manner required by the provisions of this Act.

(2.) Any person while so bound as aforesaid may hold any office or engage in any employment, provided that before or after he enters upon the office, or engages in the employment, he has applied for and obtained—

(а) the consent thereto in writing of the solicitor to whom he is bound ; and

(б) the sanction thereto of the Lord Chancellor, to be evidenced by his order.

(3.) Such order shall not be made except such person proves, by an affidavit of the solicitor to whom he is bound, or by such other evidence as is satisfactory to the Lord Chancellor, that the holding of such office, or being engaged in such employment, was with the consent of the solicitor to whom he was or is bound, and has not interfered with due service under his indentures of apprenticeship, and the Lord Chancellor shall have power to make any order which he may think fit as to the service by the person so bound as aforesaid for the remainder of the term of his

Digitized by (^.ooQie

30

Oh. 17.

Sdicztora (Ireland)Act, 1898. 61 & 62 i^tor.

Certificate of having passed examinations requisite for admission of solicitor.

Power for Lord Chan* cellor to admit, though service under indentures irregular.

29 & 80 Viet, e. 84.

Candidates not to present themselves for final examination till expiration of apprenticeship.

service, or any part thereof, ,frfter the acceptance of quchr offiee, or the engagement in such employment, or as to the pacing of.($ny examination. - ,

(4.) Not less than fourteen days before any such application is made to the Lord Chancellor notice in writing of the application shall be given to the Incorporated Law Society by the applicant, which notice shall state the names and residences of the applicant, and of the solicitor to whom he is bound, and the nature of the office or employment, and the time it is expected to occupy.

The Society may appear on the hearing of such application, and upon any other proceedings arising out of or in reference to the same.

(5.) The Lord Chancellor may in and by such order impose on the applicant such terms and conditions touching the office or engagement and his employment therein as he may think fit.

(6.) Where any terms or conditions are so imposed, and the person authorised by the order accepts the office, or engages in the employment, he shall, before being admitted a solicitor, prove to the satisfaction of the Lord Chancellor and of the Incorporated Law Society that he has duly observed aud fulfilled those terms and conditions.

26. Subject to the exemptions allowed by this Act, or by regulations made under the authority thereof, no person shall be admitted a solicitor unless he has obtained from the Incorporated Law Society a certificate to the effect that he has passed a preliminary, an intermediate, and a final examination, and has complied with such regulations as the Society under the provisions of this Act may prescribe.

27. Where any person who has been bound by indentures of apprenticeship to serve as an apprentice to a solicitor has not served as an apprentice under such indentures strictly within the provisions of this Act or of the Attorneys and Solicitors Act (Ireland), 1866, while the same was in force, but subsequently to the execution of such indentures bon& fide serves (either continuously or not) one or more solicitors as an apprentice for periods together equ il in duration to the full term for which he was originally bound, and has obtained such certificates as he is required by this Act to obtain, it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor in his discretion, if he is satisfied that such irregular service was occasioned by accident, mistake, or some other sufficient cause, and that such service, though irregular, was substantially equivalent to a regular service, to admit such person to be a solicitor in the same manner as if such service had been a regular service within the meaning of the said Act or this Act.

28. No person bound by indentures of apprenticeship to serve as an apprentice to a solicitor shall present himself as a candidate at the final examination until after the expiration of the period for which, under the provisions of this Act, he is required to serve as such apprentice before being admitted a solicitor: Provided that whenever any of the periods of five, four, and three

A

Digitized by v^ooQle

1898.

Solicitors (Ireland) Act, 1898.

Ch. 17.

31

years service mentioned in this Act expire in any vacation, then, and in such case, any person whose period of apprenticeship so expires is at liberty to present himself at the final examination which shall be held immediately preceding such vacation.

29. Any person who has been called to the degree of utter Exemption barrister in Ireland, and is of not less than five years standing at of certain _ the bar, and has procured himself to be disbarred with a view of jntera^diate m becoming a solicitor, and has obtained from two of the Benchers examination of the King's Inns a certificate of his being a fit and proper person and serrice to practise as a solicitor, shall not be required to obtain a certificate ^iclgS

of having passed an intermediate examination under this Act, and shall be entitled, without being bound or serving as an apprentice to a solicitor, on payment of the fees herein prescribed for the final examination, and on passing a final examination under this Act (except so much of such examination as relates to indentures of apprenticeship and service thereunder), to be admitted and enrolled as a solicitor.

30. Any person who has been refused a certificate of having Appeal to passed an intermediate or final examination, and who objects to Lord Chan-such refusal, shall be at liberty within one month next after such refusal to appeal by petition in writing to the Lord Chancellor certificate, against such refusal, such petition to be presented in such manner

and subject to such regulations as the Lord Chancellor may direct.

In the meantime, and until the Lord Chancellor otherwise directs, such petition shall be presented at the office of the secretary to the Lord Chancellor without the payment of any fee, and a copy of such petition shall be left therewith and shall be delivered by the secretary to the Lord Chancellor to the secretary of the Incorporated Law Society, and the secretary to the Lord Chancellor shall also notify to such secretary of the Incorporated Law Society the day appointed for the hearing of the petition, and the same shall be heard by the Lord Chancellor on such day after the expiration of fourteen days from the day on which such petition was presented and at such time as he may appoint.

On the hearing of any petition under this section the Incorporated Law Society may appear, and the Lord Chancellor may make such order as to him may seem meet, and where any person who has been refused a certificate of having passed his final examination on appeal to the Lord Chancellor obtains an order for his admission, such order shall entitle him to a certificate from the Incorporated Law Society of his fitness and capacity to act as a solicitor, and in the usual business transacted by a solicitor, in the same manner as if he had passed his final examination.

31. A person who has obtained from the Incorporated Law Admission as Society a certificate of having passed a final examination may Lol^cbaif apply to the Lord Chancellor to be admitted as a solicitor, and ceuor-thereupon the Lord Chancellor, unless cause to the contrary i9

shown to his satisfaction, shall, by writing under his hand, admit such person to be a solicitor in such manner and form as he may direct.

Digitized by i^ooQle

82

Ch. 17.

Solicitors (Ireland)Ad, 1898. 61 & 62 Vicr.

Enrolment 32. On production of the admission signed by the Lord °5 p®rR<J.n8 Chancellor, and on payment of the fee in the First Schedule to

a mute . this Act mentioned, it shall be the duty of the Society, as registrar,

to cause the name of the person admitted to be entered on the roll of solicitors.

Roll of Solicitors.

Transfer to Incorporated Law Society of roll of solicitors.

33.—(1.) The books containing the roll of solicitors, and any other documents relating thereto, heretofore in custody of the Registrar of the Chancery Division, shall, as soon as may be after the passing of this Act, be transferred to and be kept in the custody of the Incorporated Law Society as registrar of solicitors; and all affidavits, orders, and documents heretofore required to be filed or delivered at the office of such registrar shall henceforth be filed with or delivered to the Society; and all powers and duties of such registrar in relation to the roll of solicitors, or to solicitors, shall henceforth (subject to the repeals effected by and to the other provisions of this Act) be exercised and performed by the Society: Provided that the Lord Chancellor shall have and may exercise all the powers and jurisdiction with regard to all the matters in this section mentioned which he had and might have exercised if this Act had not been passed.

(2.) The roll of solicitors shall, during office hours, be open to the inspection of any person, without fee or reward.

Striking off the Roll.

Constitution 34. For the purpose of hearing any application to strike a of committee, solicitor off the roll of solicitors, or an application to require a solicitor to answer allegations contained in an affidavit, the Lord Chancellor shall appoint a committee of not less than three nor more than seven of the members of the council of the Society, in this Act called “ the committee.”

The Ix>rd Chancellor may remove any member from the committee, or fill any vacancy in the committee, or add to its number, provided that the number shall not exceed seven nor be less than three.

No application shall be heard before less than three members of the committee.

35. An application to strike the name of a solicitor off the roll of solicitors (whether at the instance of the solicitor himself or of any other person), or an application to require a solicitor to answer allegations contained in an affidavit, shall be made to and shall be heard by the committee, in accordance with regulations to be made under the authority of this Act.

The committee, after hearing the case, shall embody their finding in the form of a report to the Lord Chancellor, who shall make such order thereon as he may think fit.

If the committee are of opinion that there is no primd facie case of misconduct against the solicitor, the Society need not take any

Applications to be made to committee. Report of committee.

X

Google

139$.

Solicitors ( Ireland) Act, 1898.

Ch. 17.

33

further proceedings ; but if the committee are of opinion that there is a prima facie case, it shall be the duty of the Society to bring the report of the committee before the Lord Chancellor.

The report shall have the same effect, and shall be treated by the Lord Chancellor in the same manner as a report of a master of the High Court; and the Lord Chancellor may make such order thereon and as to any costs incurred in the proceedings as he may think fit.

Provided that any person who but for this Act would have been entitled to apply to the court to strike a solicitor off the roll of solicitors, or to apply to require a solicitor to answer allegations contained in an affidavit, shall be entitled so to apply, although the committee is of opinion that there is no prima facie case of misconduct against the solicitor, and shall be entitled to be heard if the Society brings the report of the committee before the Lord Chancellor.

36. The committee may administer and take oaths and affirmations for the purpose of an inquiry or any application made to them under this Act.

37. —(1.) Where the name of any solicitor is ordered to be struck off the roll of solicitors on the application of the Society, it shall be the duty of the Society, as registrar, to enter a note or minute of such order in connexion with the name of such solicitor on the roll of solicitors and on the register, and to strike such name off such roll and register.

(2.) Where such order is made on the application of the solicitor himself, or of any other person not being the Society, such order shall forthwith, and before the same is acted upon, be produced to the registrar, who shall thereupon enter a note or minute thereof and strike the name of the solicitor off the roll and register in the same manner as in the preceding sub-section specified.

Solicitors Certificates.

38. It shall be the duty of the registrar of solicitors to keep an alphabetical roll or book of all solicitors, to be called the register of solicitors, and to issue certificates of persons who have been admitted and enrolled as solicitors when required so to do.

39. It shall not be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Revenue or any of their officers, save as herein-after mentioned, to grant or issue to any person any stamp upon a certificate authorising such person to practise as a solicitor, but every person desiring to obtain such stamped certificate shall deliver to the said Commissioners or their proper officer, at the head office of Inland Revenue in Dublin, a certificate from such registrar as aforesaid that such person is a solicitor, and entitled to a stamped certificate, and such registrar's certificate shall be thereupon stamped with the proper amount of duty payable thereon, and shall have the same force and effect as the stamped certificate heretofore issued under the Attorneys and Solicitors Act (Ireland), 1866.

C

Google

Power to administer oaths, See.

Order for striking solicitor on roll to be entered on roll and register.

Register of solicitors to be kept.

Commissioners of Inland Revenue not to grant certificate until registrar has certified that person applying is entitled thereto.

29 & 30 Viet, c. 84.

34

Ch. 17.

Solicitors {Ireland) Act, 1898. 61 & 62 Vicr.

On application 40. For the purpose of obtaining such registrar's certificate as for certificate aforesaid a declaration in w ri ting, in the form in the Second Schedule to be signed1 to tois Act, signed by such solicitor or by his partner, or by his and entered in Dublin agent, being a solicitor, on his behalf, containing his name a book. and place of business, and the court of which he is then admitted

a solicitor, together with the sittings or term and year in or ae of which he was so admitted, shall be delivered to the said registrar, who shall cause all particulars in such declaration to be entered in a proper book to be kept for that purpose, which shall be open to the inspection and examination of all persons without fee or reward ; and the said registrar shall, within six days after the delivery of such declaration (unless he sees cause and has reason to believe that the party applying for such certificate is not upon the said roll of solicitors), deliver to the said solicitor, or to his agent as aforesaid, on demand, a certificate in the form set forth in the Third Schedule to this Act annexed, and which last-mentioned certificate shall be delivered to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue as herein-before directed for the purpose of being stamped.

Registrar's 41. The stamp duties chargeable on such certificates shall be certificates denoted upon the registrars certificates, and upon any such dut^uTbe1 °f certificate being stamped accordingly, and the date of the payment deemed of the duty certified by the proper officer by writing under his

stamped hand, or by other sufficient means, the same shall be and be deemed

ceru cates. flj0 pr0per stamped certificate required by law to be taken out by the solicitor named therein.

For sump duty 42. For determining the rate of stamp duty payable on the on certificate certificate, the place or places where the solicitor shall carry on his nesstobeUM business shall be deemed to be the place of his residence, within the deemed place meaning of the Acts relating to the stamp duties on certificates, of residence.

Declaration on 43. The declaration required to be made for the purpose of applying for obtaining the registrar's certificate shall be made out and signed in certificate to be duplicate, and one of such duplicates shall be delivered to and left in duplicate, with the registrar, and the other shall be produced to him. and the an<L??V0W}i duplicate go produced, together with the certificate granted on such Commis declaration, shall be left with the Commissioners of Inland Revenue tioners. or their proper officer on applying to have the certificate stamped,

and shall be and be deemed the note in writing required by law to be delivered to the Commissioners or their officer to entitle the solicitor to a stamped certificate; and for every such certificate issued by the registrar, and the previous requisite search and inquiry, there shall be paid to the registrar by such solicitor, his partner, or agent, the sum of five shillings.

On registrar's 44. In case the registrar shall decline or neglect to issue such

certificate as he is herein-before required to give, the solicitor cation to be . . . . ** 7

made to Lord applying for the same may, on giving ten clear days notice to the Chancellor. registrar, apply to the Lord Chancellor, who shall make such order in the matter as is just.

Google

1893.

Solicitors ( Ireland)Act, 1893.

Ch. 17.

35

45. For the purpose of enabling the registrar to enter upon the Certificate to register of solicitors kept by him a note or minute of the time of entered with stamping every certificate, the Commissioners of Inland Revenue ^slonerekT shall, whenever the same is required after the sixth day of supply particu-Febraary in every year, furnish to the registrar an account of the lars when certificates issued between the sixth day of February and the fifth 8tamp ' day of January preceding for which during the same period the

stamp duties have been paid, specifying the names and places of business of the parties respectively to or for whom the same have been issued, and the date3 of payment of the stamp duties ; or in lieu of such account the Commissioners at their option shall return to the registrar the aforesaid duplicate declarations to which such certificates relate, with a note or memorandum on each of them specifying the date of payment of the stamp duty for the certificate, and the registrar shall, upon such account being furnished, or such duplicate declarations being returned to him as aforesaid, enter such note or minute as aforesaid; and in order that such entry may be made in respect of certificates stamped at any other time, every such last-mentioned certificate shall, within one month after payment of the duty be produced to the registrar, who shall thereupon make such entry, and signify the same by a note or memorandum upon the certificate; and every such last-mentioned certificate which is not so produced within the said period shall have effect only as a qualification to practise from the time when it is produced: Provided that it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor at any time to make an order directing that any certificate not so produced shall have effect upon and from the time of stamping the same or any subsequent period.

46. Every certificate issued by the registrar between the fifth Date and day of January and the sixth day of February in any year shall

bear date on the sixth day of January, and shall take effect on that day for all purposes, provided it be stamped before the sixth day of February, and in every such case the fifth day of January shall, for the purpose of this Act, be deemed to be the date of the payment of the duty; but if such certificate be not so stamped it shall take effect, as regards the qualification to practise, on the day on which it is stamped; and every certificate issued at any other time shall bear date on the day on which it is issued, and, subject to the provisions herein contained relating to certificates stamped after the fifth day of January in any year, and not produced within a month to be entered by the registrar, shall take effect as regards such qualification on the day on which it is stamped ; and every certificate shall be and continue in force from the day on which it takes effect as aforesaid until the fifth day of January next following inclusive, and no longer.

47. If a solicitor, who lias obtained t'io registrar's certificate jurisdiction; * entitling him to practise, neglects for twelve months after the t3 renewal of expiration of such certificate to obtain a fresh certificate, and certl' subsequently applies for a fresh certificate, it shall be in the discretion of the registrar to grant or refuse the application, subject to an appeal to the L >rd Chancellor, who may affirm the

C 2

Google

36

Ch. 17.

Solicitors {Ireland) Act, 1898. 61 & 62 Vict.

No costs recoverable by unqualified person.

Fees payable to Incorporated Law Society.

No fees to be payable by apprentices, &c., other than those authorised by this Act.

Solicitors not to act for unqualified persons, &c.

decision of the registrar, or may direct the registrar to issue a certificate to the appellant on such terms and conditions (if any), as he may think fit.

Notice of the intention to make the application must be given to the registrar at least three weeks before the application is actually made, unless such notice is dispensed with by the registrar or by the Lord Chancellor.

48. No costs, fee, reward, or disbursement on account of or in relation to any act or proceeding done or taken by any person who acts as a solicitor without having previously obtained a stamped certificate, then in force, shall be recoverable in any action, suit, or matter, by such person or any other person whomsoever.

Fees.

49. The persons specified in the First Schedule to this Act shall pay to the Incorporated Law Society such fees as are specified in that schedule or such other fees as may be determined by regulations to be made under this Act.

All expenses to be from time to time incurred by the Society with reference to examinations, and with reference to the lectures, classes, and other teaching provided by the Society from time to time for persons bound cr about to be bound under indentures of apprenticeship to solicitors shall be paid by the Society out of such fees.

50. From the commencement of this Act no fees other than those specified in the said First Schedule to this Act, or such other fees as may be authorised by regulations to be made in pursuance of this Act, shall be payable by any person seeking to be bound as an apprentice as aforesaid, or by any person seeking to be admitted and enrolled as a solicitor of the Supreme Court.

Penalties.

51. If any solicitor wilfully and knowingly acts as agent in any action, suit, or matter for any person not duly qualified to act as a solicitor, or permits or suffers his name to be in any way made use of in any action, suit, or matter, upon the account or for the profit of any unqualified person, or sends any process to such unqualified person, or does any act thereby to enable such unqualified person to appear, act, or practise in any respect as a solicitor in any action, suit, or matter, knowing such person not to be duly qualified as aforesaid, and complaint is made thereof by summons to any Division of the High Court, or any judge thereof, and proof is made thereof upon oath to the satisfaction of such court or judge, that such solicitor has wilfully and knowingly offended therein as aforesaid, then and in such case every such solicitor so offending may be struck off the roll, and for ever after disabled from practising as a solicitor, or may be suspended from practising a9 a solicitor for such time as to such court or judge may seem fit and proper, and in that case, and upon

Digitized by Google

1898.

Solicitors (Ireland) ,1898.

Ch. 17.

37

such complaint and proof made as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the court or judge to commit such unqualified person so acting or practising as aforesaid to prison for any term not exceeding one year.

52. Any person who acts as a solicitor, contrary to the enactments in section six hereof, without being duly qualified so to act shall be deemed guilty of a contempt of the court in which the action, suit, or matter, in relation to which he so acts is brought, had, or taken, and may be punished accordingly, and shall, in addition to any other penalty or forfeiture, forfeit and pay for every such offence to the Incorporated Law Society the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered, with full costs of suit, by action brought, with the sanction of Her Majesty's Attorney-General for Ireland, in the name of the Incorporated Law Society, in the High Court or in any county court.

53. Any person who wilfully and falsely pretends to be, or takes or use3 any name, title, addition, or description implying that he is, duly qualified to act as a solicitor, or that he is recognised by law as so qualified, shall be guilty of an offence under this Act, and be liable to a penalty not exceeding the sum of ten pounds for each offence.

Any offence under this section may be prosecuted before a court of summary jurisdiction in manner provided by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts.

Penalty for wrongrally act ing as a solicitor.

Penalty for wrongfully acting as a solicitor.

Miscellaneous Provisions.

54. In every case where by statutory provision or by custom the Provision as qualification of a solicitor to hold any office is his having been admitted and enrolled as a solicitor for a prescribed period, every solicitors who person who either before the passing of this Act has been or here- b«ve been after shall be called to the degree of utter barrister in Ireland, and bamBters-also, having been subsequently disbarred, has been admitted and enrolled as a solicitor, shall, in lieu of such qualification as aforesaid, be qualified to hold any such office on the completion of the prescribed period, to be reckoned from the date of such person

being called to the degree of an utter barrister in Ireland.

55. All rules and regulations, acts, matters, and things Council of respectively authorised or required to be made or done by the ^^behaif Incorporated Law Society, under or in pursuance of this Act, or of society, under any rules and regulations made in pursuance hereof, may be

made or done by the council for the time being of the Society on behalf of the Society.

56. All rules, regulations, certificates, notices, and other docu- Authentication ments made or issued by the Incorporated Law Society for any

purpose whatever may be signed on behalf of the Society by the documents, secretary, or by such other officer of the Society as may be prescribed by the council, and the production of a copy of any such rules, regulations, certificates, notices, or other documents purporting to be signed by the secretary or other officer of the Society shall be prim& facie evidence of the due making thereof.

Google

38

Ch. 17.

Solicitors ( Ireland) Act, 1898. 61 & 62 Vict.,

Buies as to procedu;e before committee, and for carrying Act into execution.

Act not to extend to^ examination, &c. of solicitors to public departments.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 36.

53 St 54 Vict. c. 21.

59 Sc 60 Vict. c. 28.

57. The Lord Chancellor, the President of the Queen's Bench Division, the Lord Chief Baron, the Master of the Rolls, and the President of the Incorporated Law Society, or any three of them, of whom the Lord Chancellor shall be one, may make rules and regulations for legulating the making, bearing, and determining applications to the committee of the Society under this Act, and reports by the committee to the court under this Act, and generally for the purpose of the execution of the provisions of this Act (except the provisions in respect of which the power of making rules and regulations is expressly given by this Act to the Incorporated Law Society alone).

58. This Act shall not extend to the examination, swearing, admission, or enrolment,, or any rights or privileges, of any persons appointed to besolicdois to the Treasury, Customs, Inland Revenue, Post Olfce, or any other branch of Her Majesty's Revenue, or to the solicitor to the Board of Admiralty, or to the solicitor to the War Department, and shall not affect the provisions of section two hundred and seventy-three of the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876, or of section twenty-seven of the Inland Revenue Regulation Act, 1890, as amended by section thirty-eight of the Finance Act, 1S9C.

Construction of enactment referring to attorneys.

59. All enactments referring to attorneys which are in force immediately after the commencement of this Act shall be construed as if the expression “ solicitor of the Supreme Court ” were therein substituted for the expression “ attorney.”

Saving 60. The Lord Chancellor or any Judge of the High Court may,

jurisdiction notwithstanding anything in this Act, exercise any jurisdiction

Chancellor and over 80^cil0rs which he might have exercised if this Act had not Judges. passed.

Temporary Provision and Repeal.

Saving 01. Nothing in this Act shall extend to repeal, prejudice, or

enab!ii°nS affect any provision in any Act of Parliament in anywise enabling

others tLm any person other than a solicitor to conduct, defend, or otherwise solicitors to act. act in relation to, any suit, matter, or proceeding.

Temporary 62. All persons who before this Act comes into operation have

provision as passed a preliminary, but have not passed a final examination under

tion?Rmlna" the enactment hereby repealed, shall be deemed respectively to have passed a preliminary examination under this Act, and all persons who have passed a final examination under the said enactment and regulations made thereunder, but have not been admitted as solicitors, shall be deemed to have passed a final examination under this Act.

Repeal. 63. The Attorneys and Solicitors Act (Ireland), 1866, is hereby

29^&80Vict. repealed as from the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine. Any Act or document referring to the Attorneys and Solicitors Act (Ireland), 1866, or to any provision therein, shall be construed as referring to this Act or to the corresponding provision in this Act.

Digitized by LjOOQle

1898.

39

Solicitors (Ireland) Act,1898. Ch. 17.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

1. Fee to be paid to the Incorporated Law Society by each

person on lodgment of his petition for leave to be bound apprentice to a solicitor -

2. Fee to be paid to the Society by each apprentice on the

entry of his indentures by the registrar

3. Fee to be paid to the Society by each apprentice on his

application for permission to attend the intermediate examination -

4. Fee to be paid to the Society by each apprentice on his

application for permission to attend the final examination for admission as a solicitor -

5. And for each application to attend at a preliminary,

intermediate, or linal examination after the first

6. Fee to be paid to the Society by each solicitor on the

entry of his name on the roll of solicitors

£ s. d.

8 3 0

0 5 0

1 1 0

10 0 0

1 1 0

5 5 0

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Form of Annual Declaration for obtaining the Registrar's Certificate.

No.

I hereby declare, that I (or A.B.) was admitted a solicitor of the Court of in sittings or

term in the year and that my (or his) place or places of business

is (or are) as follows:

Dated this 18 .

A.B. (or C.D. Partner [or Dublin Agent] of the said A.B.)

To

The Registrar of Solicitors in Ireland.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

18 -18 .

Form of Registrar's .

For year ending the 5th day of January 18 .

Pursuant to the Solicitors (Ireland) Act, 1898, the Incorporated Law Society, as the registrar of solicitors appointed under the said Act, hereby certify that

solicitor, whose place of business is at

hath this day delivered and left with the secretary of the said Society a declaration in writing signed by the said solicitor (or by his partner, or by his Dublin agent on his behalf, as the case may containing his name and place or places of business, together with the sittings or term and year in or as of which he was admitted a solicitor; and the said Society (as the registrar) hereby further certify that the said solicitor is duly enrolled a solicitor of The Supreme Court of Judicature in Ireland, and is entitled to practise as such solicitor upon this certificate being duly stamped as required by law.

Given under the hand of the secretary of the Incorporated Law Society this day of 18

^ Secretary.

Sections 32, 49, 50.

Section 40.

Section 40.

Digitized by v^ooQle

40

Ch. 18, 19. Post Office ( Guarantee) , 1898. 61 & 62 Yict.

Extension of powers of rural authorities to undertake to pay loss occasioned by extra postal facilities.

54 & 55 Viet, e. 36.

58 & 59 Viet, c. 18.

60 & 61 Viet, c. 41.

Short title.

Extent of Act.

Contribution by guardians

to Assoc at on,

CHAPTER 18.

An Act to make better provision for the guarantee of Postal Facilities by Local Authorities. [25th July 1898.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The powers conferred upon a rural district council, parish council, and parish meeting respectively, by section eight of the Post Office Act, 1891, and by the Post Office Amendment Act, 1895, as amended by section two of the Post Office and Telegraph Act, 1897, may be exercised with reference to any post or telegraph office, or any additional postal or other facilities provided by the Postmaster-General, although such office is established or facilities provided outside the boundary of any contributory place or the rural district or parish for which such council or meeting acts; provided that the district council, parish council, or parish meeting, as the case may be, is of opinion that the establishment of such office or the provision of such additional facilities is for the benefit of the contributory place or parish proposed to be charged, and that when a district council propose to exercise such powers, the parish council or, if there is no parish council, the parish meeting, of any parish wholly or partly situate in any such contributory place shall have consented thereto.

2. This Act may be cited as the Post Office (Guarantee) Act> 1898, and may be cited with the Post Office Acts, 1837 to 1897.

3. This Act shall not apply to Scotland or Ireland.

CHAPTER 19.

An Act to provide for the establishment of a Poor Law Unions Association in England and Wales, and to enable Boards of Guardians to contribute to the expenses of the Association. [25th July 1898.]

WHEREAS it is proposed that an Association of Poor Law Unions in England and Wales should be formed for the purposes of consultation as to their common interests and the discussion of matters relating to the poor law and other matters relating to their powers and duties :

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The guardians of any poor law union may, when empowered by and subject to any regulations made by the Local Government

Google

1898.

Poor Law Unions Association {Expenses) Act, 1898.

Ch. 19, 20.

41

Board, which regulations the said Board is hereby authorised from time to time to make, vary, or rescind, pay any sum not exceeding five pounds in any one year as an annual or other subscription to the funds of the Association as well as the reasonable expenses of the attendance of representatives, not exceeding in any case two, at meetings of the Association, and may charge such payments to their common fund, or if they have no common fund to the fund under their control. Provided that no payment shall be made by the guardians in respect of the attendance of any representative at a meeting of the Association unless the attendance of such representative at that meeting shall have been expressly authorised by a resolution passed at a meeting of the guardians held after not less than seven days' notice in writing that the proposal is to be considered at such meeting of the guardians has been sent to each guardian. Any such representative shall be either a guardian of the poor law union or (without power of voting) the clerk to the guardians of the union.

2. No payment shall be made in pursuance of this Act until the Local Govern-Local Government Board have certified that the Association has ^i?oa.nit<>

. ...... . certuy estab-

been established. lishment of

Association.

3. This Act may be cited as the Poor Law Unions Association Short title. (Expenses) Act, 1898.

^/x/Wx/X/wi/inAAAfv^'V/Wx/x^WV/V/vA/V/VWVAA^WV

CHAPTER 20.

An Act to exempt certain Ex-officio Justices of the Peace in Scotland who have already taken the Oath from again taking oath before acting as Justices of the Peace. [25th July 1898.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Any ex-officio justice of the peace in Scotland who has been Chairmen on re-elected to the office in respect of which he became a justice of the peace on the expiration or other determination of a previous again take term of office, and who has taken the oaths required by law to oath as justice be taken by a justice of the peace, may continue to act as a justice of peflce‘ of the peace without again taking such oaths.

2. This Act may be cited as the Ex-officio Justices of the Peace Short title. (Scotland) Act, 1898.

Digitized by AjOOQle

42

Ch. 21.

Poor Law {Scotland) Ad, 1S98. Cl & 62 Vict.

Repeal of 8 & 9 Vict c. 83. s. 76.

Settlement by residence for three years.

Reference of cases of disputed settlement to determination of Local Government Board.

CHAPTER 21.

An. Act to further amend the Law relating to the Settlement and Removal of the Poor in Scotland.

[25th July 1898.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Section seventy-six of the principal Act is hereby repealed, and in lieu thereof it is enacted as follows :—

From and after the commencement of this Act no person shall be held to have acquired a settlement in any parish in Scotland by residence therein unless such person shall, either before or after, or partly before and partly after, the commencement of this Act, have resided for three years continuously in such parish, and shall have maintained himself without having recourse to common begging, either by himself or his family, and without having received or applied for parochial relief; and no person who shall have acquired a settlement by residence in any such parish, shall be held to have retained such settlement if during any subsequent period of four yeai-s he shall not have resided in such parish continuously for at least one year and a day: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall, until the expiration of four years from the commencement of this Act, be held to affect any persons who, at the commencement of this Act, are chargeable to any parish in Scotland.

2. In any case where the parish councils of two or more parishes in Scotland have differed as to the settlement of a poor person but are agreed as to the facts on which such settlement depends, it shall be lawful for such parish councils to refer the case for determination by the Local Government Board, whose determination shall be final.

Appeal to 3.—(1.) Whenever any parish council shall order the removal

Government any Poor person who shall have applied for parochial relief in Board against any. parish in Scotland from such parish to another parish in removal of Scotland, such poor person, if he or she shall have resided con-

smother t0 tinuously in such first-mentioned parish for not less than one year

parish in before the date of the application for relief (her deceased husband's Scotland. residence, if necessary, being reckoned as part of her residence in the case of a widow), may, within ten days after intimation of such order, and of the right to appeal in this section mentioned, appeal to the Local Government Board, which Board shall without delay investigate the grounds of such appeal, and determine whether it is reasonable and proper that such poor person shall be so removed. The inspector of poor of the parish whence the poor person is proposed to be removed shall be bound to intimate to the poor person the receipt of the order and the right of appeal; and no order of removal shall be carried out until the expiry of the

Google

Ch. 21.

43

1898. Pooi' Law (Scotland) Act, 1898.

said ten days, or, if an appeal is taken, until it has been disposed of by the Board.

(2.) If the Board are of opinion that, having regard to the whole circumstances .of the case, the removal is reasonable and proper they shall dismiss the appeal, and thereupon the order for the removal of the poor person may be carried out; but

(3.) If the Board are of opinion that, having regard to the whole circumstances of the case, the removal should not be carried out, they shall so determine, and if they think fit may fix the period during which such determination shall have effect, and thereupon the provisions of section seventy-two of the principal Act shall apply as if the poor person appealing were, owing to sickness or infirmity, incapable of being removed, in which case the parish in which he is shall be bound to relieve him, and shall be entitled to recover from the parish to which he belongs the amount so expended, provided that such amount has been approved by the Board.

4. Where an English born or Irish born poor person has resided Effect of

continuously in Scotland for not less than five years (of which not on

less than one year shall have been continuously in the parish in irremova-which he applies for parochial relief) and shall have maintained bility of himself without having recourse to common begging, either by ^“f^iborn himself or his family, and without having received parochial pRUper. relief, he shall, on thereafter becoming chargeable to any parish

in Scotland, be irremovable from Scotland and shall be maintained by the parish to which he has so become chargeable.

Provided that nothing in this section contained shall prevent such poor person from ceasing to be chargeable to such parish, if, as it shall be competent for him to do, he shall have acquired a settlement by residence in any other parish in Scotland in pursuance of section one of this Act.

5. —(1.) Whenever any parish council shall have obtained in Appeal to terms of the Poor Law Removal Act, 18G2, a warrant for the Government removal from an}' parish in Scotland to England or Ireland of any Board against English born or Irish bom poor person who has not acquired a removal of settlement by residence in Scotland and to whom the immediately preceding section does not apply, such poor person, if he or she Ireland. °r shall have resided continuously in such parish for not less than one 25 & 26 Viet, year before the date of the application for relief (her deceased c* 113, husband's residence, if necessary, being reckoned as part of her residence in the case of a widow), may, within fourteen days after intimation of the granting of such warrant and of the right to

appeal in this subsection mentioned, appeal to the Local Government Board, which Board shall without delay investigate the grounds of such appeal, and determine whether it is reasonable and proper that such poor person shall le so removed. The inspector of poor of the parish whence the poor person is proposed to be removed shall be bound to intimate to the poor person the granting of the warrant and the right of appeal; and no warrant in terms of the Poor Law Removal Act, 1862, shall be carried out until the expiry of the said fourteen days, or, if an appeal is taken, until it has been disposed of by the Board.

Google

44

Ch. 21.

Poor Law ( Scotland)Act, 1808. 61 & 62 VicT.

Amendment of 25 A 26 Viet,

c. 113.

Board may make, &c. rales and regulations.

(2.) In the case of a poor person as in the preceding subsection mentioned, the inspector of poor shall also be bound to send by registered letter a notice to the clerk to the board of guardians of the union or parish in England or Ireland named in the warrant of removal, that if they desire they may, within fourteen days after receipt of such notice, appeal to the Local Government Board against the removal, and shall with such notice transmit a copy of the depositions taken before the sheriff granting the warrant; and if the board of guardians shall so appeal, the Local Government Board shall without delay investigate the grounds of such appeal, and determine whether it is reasonable and proper that such poor person shall be so removed. No warrant in terms of the Poor Law Removal Act, 1862, shall be carried out until the expiry of the said fourteen days, or, if an appeal is taken, until it is disposed of by the Board.

(3.) The Board, when deciding as to whether, in the whole circumstances of the case, such removal is reasonable and proper, shall have regard, inter alia, to—

(а) the length and character of the residence in Scotland;

(б) the causes why a settlement has not been acquired, or, if acquired, has not been retained ; aud

(c) any circumstances tending to show that the exercise of the power of removal would unduly injure the interests of the poor person on account of the industrial employment of his children or otherwise.

(4.) If the Board are of opinion that the removal should not be carried out they shall so determine, and their order to that effect shall be binding on any parish council in Scotland.

(5.) If the Board are of opinion that the removal is reasonable and proper they shall dismiss the appeal, and thereupon the warrant for the removal of the poor person may be carried out.

Provided also that if in consequence of a determination of the Board that a proposed removal of a poor person to England or Ireland is not reasonable and proper, such removal cannot be carried out, the Board shall determine, after due inquiry, which parish council or parish councils shall be liable for the expense of the maintenance of the poor person, and, if they think fit, in what proportions and under what conditions, and for what period, regard being had to the length and character of the poor person's residence in one or more of such parishes; and the determination of the Board shall be binding on any parish council in Scotland.

6. The power of granting warrants of removal under the Poor Law Removal Act, 1862, shall in Scotland be exerciseable by the sheriff only, and, in the case of a lunatic poor person proposed to be removed to Ireland, the warrant shall order his delivery at the district asylum of the place to which he is to be removed.

7. The Board may make, and from time to time may alter and vary, rules and regulations for giving effect to the provisions of this Act, and regulating the procedure thereunder; and a copy of such

Google

1898.

Poor Law (Scotland) 1898.

Oh. 21, 22.

45

rules and regulations, certified by the secretary of the Board, shall be evidence of such rules and regulations and alterations thereof in any court of law and for any purpose whatever.

8. Except in so far as expressly provided, nothing contained in Saving, this Act shall prejudice or affect the provisions of the principal Act

or of the Poor Law Removal Act, 18G2.

9. In this Act, unless the subject or context otherwise Definitions, requires—

The expressions the Local Government Board ” and “ Board ” mean the Local Government Board for Scotland;

The expression “ parish ” includes “ combination”;

The expression “ the principal Act ” means the Poor Law 8 & 9 Viet. (Scotland) Act, 1845. c 83.

10. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of October short title, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight, and may be cited as construction, the Poor Law (Scotland) Act, 1898, and, except in so far as “ActGDt expressly provided, shall be read and construed along with the principal Act and the Acts amending the same ; and, except in so

far as expressly provided, this Act shall apply to Scotland ooly.

CHAPTER 22.

An Act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing Enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary.

[25th July 1898.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that certain enactments which may be regarded as spent, or have ceased to be in force otherwise than by express specific repeal by Parliament, or have, by lapse of time or otherwise, become unnecessary, should be expressly and specifically repealed:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The enactments described in the first part of the schedule to Enactments this Act are hereby repealed, subject to the provisions of this Act in 8clj^uIe and subject to the exceptions and qualifications in the said schedule repea mentioned ; and every part of a title, preamble, or recital specified after the words “ in part, namely,” in connexion with an Act mentioned in the said schedule may be omitted from any revised edition of the statutes published by authority after the passing of this Act, and there may be added in the said edition such brief statement of the Acts, officers, persons, and things mentioned in the title, preamble, or recital, as may in consequence of such omission appear necessary.

Digitized by boogie

46

Ch. 22.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1898.

61 & 62 VtCT.

Provided as follows:

The repeal of any words or expressions of enactment described in the said schedule shall not affect the binding force, operation, or construct:on of any statute, or of any part of a statute, whether as respects the past or the future ;

and where any enactment not comprised in the said schedule has been repealed, confirm.d, revived, or perpetuated by any enactment hereby repealed, such repeal, confirmation, revivor, or perpetuation shall not be affected by the repeal effected by this Act;

and the repeal by this Act of any enactment or schedule shall not affect any enactment in which such enactment or schedule has been applied, incorporated, or referred to ;

nor shall such repeal of any enactment affect any right to any hereditary reveuues of the Crown, or affect any charges thereupon or prevent any such enactment from being put in force for the collection of any such revenues, or otherwise in relation thereto;

and this Act shall not affect the validity, invalidity, effect, or consequences of anything already done or suffered,—or any existing status or capacity,—or any right, title, obligation, or liability, already acquired, accrued, or incurred, or any remedy or proceeding in respect thereof,—or any release or discharge of or from any debt, penalty, obligation, liability, claim, or demand,—or any indemnity,—or the proof of any past act or thing;

nor shall this Act affect any principle or rule of law or equity, or established jurisdiction, form or course of pleading, practice, or procedure, or the general or public nature of any statute, or any existing usage, franchise, liberty, custom, privilege, restriction, exemption, office, appointment, payment, allowance, emolument, or benefit, or any prospective right, notwithstanding that the same respectively may have been in any manner affirmed, recogirsed, or derived by, in, or from any enactment hereby repealed ;

nor shall this Act revive or restore any jurisdiction, office, duty, drawback, fee, payment, franchise, liberty, custom, liability, right, title, privilege, restriction, exemption, usage, practice, procedure, form of punishment, or other matter or thing, not now existing or in force;

and this Act shall not extend to repeal any enactment so far as the same may be in force in any part of Her Majesty's dominions out of the United Kingdom, except wThere otherwise expressed in the said schedule.

Application of repealed enactments in local courts.

Substituted

repeals.

5G Viet. c. 14.

2. If and so far as any enactment repealed by this Act applies or may have been by Order in Council applied to the court of the county palatine of Lancaster or to any inferior court of civil jurisdiction, such enactment shall be construed as if it were contained in a local and personal Act specially relating to such court and shall have effect accordingly.

3. The second part of the schedule to this Act shall be substituted for so much of the Statute Law Revision Act, 1893, as relates to the Act mentioned in that part, and the Statute Law Revision Act, 1893, shall be read and construed as if the part so substituted had originally been enacted therein.

4. This Act may be cited as the Statute Law Revision Act, 1898.

Google

Short title.

1898.

Statute Law Revision , 1898.

Ch. 22. 47

The SCHEDULE.

FIRST PART.

Reign and Chapter.

Short Title.

38 Geo. 3. c. 5.

The Land Tax Act, 1797. In part, namely,—

Preamble. *

Section four, to “ aforesaid that ” and from “ by four 1 quarterly payments ” to the end of the section. Section seveD, from “at the most” to “care and charge ” and from “ by charging ” to “ France ” Section eight, to “ service by this Act required ”; from “High Constables” to “ Ministers” ; from “and at such their appearances ” to “ true meaning of the same”; from “ con-table ” to “ minister or other” ; the words “ at and after such charge given as aforesaid ”; from “ and shall then also ” to “ answerable ”; from “ and the said Commissioners ” to “herein limited”; and from “ notice to be given” to “ shall also cause the like ”

Section nine.

Section fourteen.

Section fifteen.

Section sixteen.

Section seventeen, to “ same be paid and no longer ” Section nineteen, from “ on parchment ” to the end of the section.

Section twenty-one.

Section twenty-two.

Section twenty-three to “ and paid ; and ”

Section twenty-five, from “ or any master ” to “ colleges or schools ”

Section thirty-six, from “ for the avoiding ” to “ hereditaments”

Section forty-three.

Section forty-eight.

Section forty-nine, from “ which said oaths ” to the end of the section.

Section eeventy-nine, from “ according to ” to the end of the section.

Section eighty-four, from “where such overcharge” to the end of the section.

Section eighty-seven, to “ aforesaid that ”

Section eighty-nine.

Section ninety-six, from “by action of debt” to the end of the section.

Section one hundred and five.

Section one hundred and ten.

Section one hundred and eleven, from “ in pursuance ” to “ distrained or ” and the words “ or any former.” Section one hundred and fourteen.

Section one hundred and thirty.

Section one hundred and thirty-five.

Google

48 Ch. 22.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1898.

61 & 62 VrcT.

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

38 Geo. 3. c. 60. The Land Tax Perpetuation Act, 1798.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section one, from “ to be raised, levied ” to u ninety.  eight,” and from “ from and after ” to “ said terra.” Section two.

42 Geo. 3. c. 116. - The Land Tax Redemption Act, 1802.  In part, namely,—  Section five.  Section eight, from “ according to ” to the end of the section.

Section thirty-seven, from “ and also ” to “ Scotland ”  Section seventy-five.  Section one hundred and sixty-four, from “and the said officer ” to the end of the section.  Section one hundred and sixty-seven, the words “ transfer or ” occurring twice, and “ transferred or ” and from “ and in cases ” to the end of the section.  Section one hundred and seventy-seven.  Section one hundred and eighty-three.

45 Geo. 3. c. 77.. The Land Tax Redemption Act, 1805. In part, namely,—  Preamble to “ same that ”

50 Geo. 3. c. 58. • The Land Tax Redemption Act, 1810. In part, namely,—  Section two, to “ enacted that ”

53 Geo. 3. c. 123. The Land Tax Redemption Act, 1813.  In part, namely,—  Preamble and to “ same, that.”  Section one, from “ and any two ” to the end of the section.  Section eight.  Section nine.

c. 142. The Land Tax Act, 1813.  In part, namely,—  Preamble and to “ after the passing of this Act.” Section four.  Section five.  Section seven.

4 Geo. 4. c. 19. The National Debt Reduction Act, 1823. In part, namely,—  Section thirteen.

9 Geo. 4. c. 38. The Land Tax Commissioners Act, 1828. In part, namely,—  Sections one to three.

4 A 5 Will. 4. c. 60. - The Land Tax Act, 1834. In part, namely,— Section five.

Digitized by v^ooQle

1898.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1898.

Ch. 22. 49

lleign and Chapter. Short Title.

17 & 18 Viet. c. 80. - The Registration of Births, Deaths, and Marriages (Scotland) Act, 1854.  In part, namely,—  In sections sixty and sixty-two, the words “or by imprisonment for a period not exceeding two years.”

c. 103. - The Towns Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1854.  In part, namely,—  Section thirty-one, the words “ of Ireland for the time being ”  Section thirty-six, the words “ any turnpike commissioners or trustees, or ”  Section ninety-eight, from “ and the officers ” to the end of the section.

c. 116. - The Episcopal and Capitular Estates Act, 1854.  In part, namely,—  Section five, the words “or in the Copyhold Act, 1852.”

18 & 19 Viet. c. 120. - The Metropolis Management Act, 1855.  In part, namely,—  Section one hundred and seventy-one, from “ any rate ” where those words first occur, to “ county, and.” Section two hundred and twenty-three, from “ or take ” to “ debtors ” and the words “ or insolvency.” Section two hundred and fifty, the words “ except the carriageway of any turnpike road.”

19 & 20 Viet. c. 16. - The Central Criminal Court Act, 1856.  In part, namely,—  Section twenty-five, the words “ in term time, or for the said judge in vacation.”

c. 56. - The Exchequer Court (Scotland) Act, 1856.  In part, namely,—  Schedule B. Forms headed “ 2. Malt ” Forms 3 and 4 so far as relates to malt and maltsters.

c. 58. - The Burgh Voters Registration (Scotland) Act, 1856.  In part, namely,—  Section twenty, from “ from and after ” to “ fifty-six.”

c. 59. - The Revenue (Transfer of Charges) Act, 1856.  In part, namely,—  Schedule (B), from “ Expenses ” to the end.

c. 68. - The Prisons (Ireland) Act, 1856.  In part, namely,—  Section twenty-nine, from “ or in the case ” to “ recited ”

20 & 21 Viet, c, 43. - The Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1857.  In part, namely,—  Section eight, from “and as well” to the end of the section.

c. 60. - The Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland) Act, 1857. In part, namely,—  Section two hundred and eighty-five.  Digitized by CjOO^Ic

50 Ch. 22.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1898.

61 & 62 Vicr.

Reign and Chapter. j Short Title.

22 & 23 Viet. c. 21. - 1  | The Queen's Remembrancer Act, 1859.  | In part, namely,—  i Section thirty, from “ and section one ” to the end of the j section.

23 A 24 Viet. c. 19. - f The Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1860.  In part, namely,—  I Section two.

c. 100. - : The European Forces (India) Act, 1860.  i In part, namely,—  From “the Act” where those words first occur to 1 “ India, and of.”

24 & 25 Viet. c. 44. - j The Australian Colonies Act, 1861. In part, namely,—  Section four.

30 A 31 Viet. c. 106. - The Poor Law Amendment Act, 1866.  In part, namely,—  Section thirty, from “and the several” to “ set forth.” Schedule.

31 & 32 Viet. c. 28. - The Revenue Act, 18C8.  In part, namely,—  Title, the words “ Customs and ”

c. 45. - 1 The Sea Fisheries Act, 1868.  In part, namely,—  Section forty-six, the words “Herheirs or successors” “ Her Majesty's ” and “ Forests and Land Revenues ”

c. 48. -  i  !  i The Representation of the People (Scotland) Act, 1868.  In part, namely,—  Section seventeen, the words “ the first day of August in the present or” and the word “ subsequent ” Section eighteen, the words “ the twenty-fifth day of July in the present or” and the word ‘‘subsequent” Section nineteen, iu subsection two, the words “ third day of August in the present and ” “ the first day of August in the present or” and the word “subsequent” occurring twice.

c. 49. - ]  i The Representation of the People (Ireland) Act, 1868.  In part, namely,—  Section nineteen, the words “ after the passing of this Act”

c. 64. - The Land Registers (Scotland) Act, 1868.  In part, namely,—  Section thirteen, tho words “ Commissioners of the ”

c. 83 - The Army Chaplains Act, 1868.  In part, namely,—  Section nine, the words “ after the passing of this Act ”

1898.

Statute Law R-vlsion Act, 1898.

Ch. 22.

51

Bcign and Chapter. | Short Title.

31 & 32 Viet. c. 101. - The Titles to Land Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1868.  In part, namely,—  Schedule T in the General Note, the words and figures “ writs and ” “ 1 ” and “ 3 ”

c. 125. - The Parliamentary Elections Act, 1868.  In part, namely,—  Section twenty-seven, the words“ the Commissionersof ”

32 & 33 Viet. c. 5(5. - The Endowed Schools Act, 1869.  In part, namely,—  The words “ for England and Wales ” wherever they occur in sections twenty, twenty-four, twenty-eight, thirty-two, and forty-two.  Section twenty-seven, the words “ for England ”

c. 67. - The Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1859.  In part, namely,—  Section fifty-six, the words “ Commissioners of Her Majesty's ”

c. 91. - The Courts of Justice Salaries and Funds Act, 1869.  In part, namely,—  Section eleven, the words “ Governor and Company of the ”

c. 94. - The New Parishes Acts and Church Building Acts Amendment Act, 1869.  In part, namely,—  Section two, the words “ for England ”

i  o*  o  d The Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1869. In part, namely,—  Section thirty-eight.

33 & 34 Viet. c. 10. - The Coinage Act, 1870.  In part, namely,—  Section fourteen, from “ or vacate ” to “ Exchequer

c. 71. - The National Debt Act, 1870.  In part, namely,—  Section forty-nine, the words “ Her heirs and successors ”

c. 110. - The Matrimonial Causes and Marriage Law (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1870.  In part, namely,—  Section thirty-four, the words “or other general governor or governors of Ireland ”

34 & 35 Viet. c. 22. - The Lunacy Regulation (Ireland) Act, 1871.  In part, namely,—  Section two, from “ mean ” where it first occurs, to • “ and to ” where those words next occur.  The words “ the Governor and Company of” in sections forty-one, forty-nine, fifty-five, ninety-three, one hundred and seven, and one hundred and ten. Section one hundred and sixteen, the words “ the bank of the Governor and Company of”  D 2  Digitized by (jOCK^Ic

52 CiL 22.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1898.

Cl & 62 Vicr.

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

34 & 35 Viet. c. 47. - The Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1871. In part, namely,—  Section eleven.

c. 72. - The Judgments Registry (Ireland) Act, 1871.  In part, namely,—  Section five, the words “after the passing of this Act ”

c. 76. - The Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1871. In part, namely,—  Section eleven, the words “ to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland ” and “ to the Lord Lieutenant'* wherever they occur.

c. 103. - The House Tax Act, 1871.  In part, namely,—  Title, the words “ Customs and **

35 & 36 Viet. c. 15. - The Parks Regulation Act, 1872.  In part, namely.—  In the preamble and in the First Schedule, Regulations 19 and 20, the words “Her Majesty's” and “and Public Buildings.”

c. 24. - The Charitable Trustees Incorporation Act, 1872.  In part, namely,—  Section one, the words “ for England and Wales ”

c. 58. - The Bankruptcy (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1872.  In part, namely,—  In sections ten and sixteen, the words “ Commissioners of Her Majesty's ”  Sections thirty-two to thirty-nine.  Section fifty-eight, the words “ Commissioners of the ”

c. 62.; - The Education (Scotland) Act, 1872.  In part, namely,—  Section two, the words “Lords of Her Majesty's” Section forty-nine, the word “ first ” and from “ on or before ” to “ directed ”  Section fifty, the words “ Lords of Her Majesty's ” Section fifty-seven, from “immediately ” to “ thereafter ”

e.72. -c. 77. - The Turnpike Trusts Arrangements Act, 1872.  The Metalliferous Mines Act, 1872.  In part, namely,—  Section thirty-two, in subsection one, the words “general or”  Section forty-one, the definition of Secretary of State and from “ In England and Ireland ” to “ referred to ”

c. 85. - The Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1872. In part, namely,—  Section twelve.

c. 90. - The Irish Church Act (1869) Amendment Act, 1872.  In part, namely,—  Section six, subsection (3), from “ Provided however to the end of the subsection.

Digitized by i^ooQie

1898.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1898.

Ch. 22. 53

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

35 & 36 Viet. c. 93. - The Pawnbrokers Act, 1872.  In part, namely,—  Section thirty-seven, the words “Her heirs and successors.”  Section thirty-nine, the words “ After the passing of this Act.”

c. 94. - The Licensing Act, 1872.  In part, namely,—  Section thirty-eight, the words “ From and after the passing of this Act ” in the last paragraph.  Section forty-six, from “ If at the first ” to the end of the section.  Section forty-eight, the words “ granted after the commencement of this Act ”  Section seventy-four, so far as relates to the Secretary of State.  Section seventy-seven, the words “ as defined by this section ” wherever they occur, and “ as defined in this section ”

36 & 37 Viet. c. 19. - The Poor Allotments Management Act, 1873.  In part, namely,—  Section sixteen, the words “ for England and Wales”

c. 22. - The Australian Colonies Duties Act, 1873.  In part, namely,—  Section two, from “ The term country ” to the end of the section.

c. 44. - Section three, the word “ further ”  The Government Annuities Act, 1873.  In part, namely,—  Section four, from “ of the Acts ” to “ those Acts or ” and the word “ other ”

c. 66. - Section five, from “ or in the Acts ” to “ this Act ”  The Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1873.  In part, namely,—  Section five, the word “ said ” wherever it occurs before and the words “of Justice” after “High Court ” except where they first occur.  The word “said” wherever it occurs before “High Court ” and before “ Court of Appeal ” respectively, and the words of “Justice” wherever they occur after “ High Court ” in sections seven, eight, eleven to seventeen, nineteen, twenty-three to thirty-three, thirty-six, thirty-seven, thirty-nine to forty-two, forty-four to forty-seven, forty-nine to fifty-one, sixty, sixty-two, sixty-four to sixty-six, seventy-five to seventy-seven, seventy-nine, eighty-two to eighty-four, eighty-six, eighty-seven, eighty-nine, ninety, and ninety-two.  Section thirty-one, the words “ immediately on the commencement of this Act ” occurring twice.  Section thirty-seven, the words “ or any serjeant at law.” Section forty-seven, the words “ after the commencement of this Act ”  Section sixty-seven.  Section seventy-seven, from “ Provided that ” where 1 those words last occur to “ of this Act ”  Digitized by CjOO^Ic

54 Ch. 22.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1898.

61 & 62 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. I Short Title.  1

36 &37 Vict. c. 70. - The Revising Barristers Act, 1873.  In part, namely,—  Section six, from “ The term ” to “ Wales ”

c. 80. - Tlic Elementary Education Act, 1873.  In part, namely,—  Section thirteen, from “ or the Act of the ninth ” to the end of the section.

c. 90, - The Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1873.

c. 91. - The Statute Law Revision Act, 1873. In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Schedule.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 7. - The Middlesex Sessions Act, 1874.

c. 23. - The Resident Magistrates and Police Commissioners' Salaries Act, 1874.  In part, namely,—  Section three, from “ or other " to “ Ireland ”

c. 36. - The False Personation Act, 1874.  In part, namely,—  Section three, the words “general or” and “of the peace ”

c. 42. - The Building Societies Act, 1874.  In part, namely,—  Section twenty-six, the words “the Governors and Companies of”

c. 45. - The County of Hertford and Liberty of St. Alban Act, 1874. In part, namely,—  Section six, to “ liberty but ”  The words “ general or,” and “ of the peace ” in sections nine and thirty-seven.

c. 53. - The Revising Barristers Act, 1874.  In part, namely,—  Section one, the word “ so ”  Section four, from “ The Act of ” to the end of the section.  Section six, from “ unless he has ” to the end of the section.

c. 57/ - The Real Property Limitation Act, 1874.  In part, namely,—  Section four, the words “ after the commencement of t his Act ”

c. 68. - The Attorneys and Solicitors Act, 1874.  In part, namely,—  Section seven, the words “ attorney or ” and “ an attorney or ”  Section twelve, the words “ of the Governors ”  Digitized by CjOO^Ic

1898.

Statute Lavj Revision Act, 1898.

Ch. 22. 55

Reign and Chapter. | Short Title.

37 & 38 Viet. c. 70. - !  The Vulufttion (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1874.  In part, namely,—  Schedule, the words “ from and after the 1st July 1874 ”

c. 74. - The Private Lunatic Asylums (Ireland) Act, 1874.  In part, namely,—  Section one, from ** Act of the ” to “ cited as * The * ” where those words first occur.

c. 77. - The Colonial Clergy Act, 1874.  In part, namely,—  Section seven, the words “ the Governors of ”

c. 81. - The Great Seal (Offices) Act, 1874.  In part, namely,—  Section four, the words “ on the commencement of this Act”  Section five, the words “of Judicature in England ” Section eleven, the words “ of Judicature in England ” occurring twice.

c. 86. - The Irish Reproductive Loan Fund Act, 1874.  In part, namely,—  Section two, the words “ from and after the passing of this Act ”  Section five, subsection one.  Section eleven, from “in the proportions” to the end of the section.'

c. 87. - The Endowed Schools Act, 1874.  In part, namely,—  Section two, from “ and their salaries ” to “ seventy-four.”  Section six, to “ seventy-four and ”

c. 94. - The Conveyancing (Scotland) Act, 1874.  In part, namely,—  In the note in Schedule B., the words “ Her Majesty*® ” and “and Forests”

c. 93* • 38 & 39 Viet. c. 17. - The Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1874.  The Explosives Act, 1875.  In part, namely,—  Section fourteen, the last paragraph commencing “ The occupier of ”  Section twenty, the last paragraph commencing “ The occupier of ”  Section fifty-two.

c. 51. - The Pacific Islanders Protection Act, 1875.  In part, namely,—  Section seven, the words “ her heirs or successors ”

c. 53. - The Canada Copyright Act, 1875.  In part, namely,—  Section three, from “ in the Act ” to “ ninety-three or,** and the word “ other ”  Digitized by CjOO^Ic

56 Ch. 22.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1898.

61 & 62 Vict

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

38 & 39 Yict. c. 55. - The Public Health Act, 1875.  In part, namely,—  Section four, the words “ not being a turnpike road.** Section nine, from * who are not ** to “ rural authority,'* where it next occurs.  Section thirty-two, the words “ turnpike roads and *' and the word “ trustees **  Section thirty-three, the word “ trustee **  Section one hundred and forty-eight, the words “ with the trustees of any turnpike road ” from “ and may remove ** to “ in lieu thereof ** and from “ Provided ** to the end of the section.  Section two hundred and forty-three, the words “ Commissioners of the ”

c. 65. - Section two hundred and forty-nine, the words “ or attorney '*  Section three hundred and twenty-two.  The Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1875.  In part, namely,—  Sections nine and eleven.

c. 68. - The Department of Science and Art Act, 1875.  In part, namely,—  Section one,* the words “the Commissioners of** and

c. 77. - “ or any two of them **  The Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1875.  In part, namely,—  Section three, the word “ said ** before “ High Court ** Section four, the third paragraph and the words “ of Justice*' after “High Court** and “said** before “ Court of Appeal '* wherever they respectively occur. Section five, the words “of Justice** after “High Court ” and the words “ after the passing of this Act ** Section six, the words “ of Justice ** after “ High Court ** Section eight, from “ Subject as aforesaid ” to “ heretofore ; but ” the word “ said ** before “ High Court ** and the words “of Justice appointed after the passiug of this Act '*  Section eleven, the word “ said '* wherever it occurs before “ High Court** and the words “of Justice ** after “ High Court '*  Section seventeen, the words “of Justice** wherever they occur after “ High Court** and the word “ said ** before “ High Court '*  Section eighteen, the words “of Justice** wherever they occur after “ High Court”  Section nineteen, the words “ of Justice ** after “ High Court *'  Section twenty-one, the word “ said ** wherever it occurs before “ High Court ** and “ Court of Appeal '* and the words “ of Justice '* after “ High Court ** Section twenty-two, the words “of Justice'* after “ High Court ”  Section twenty-four, the words “ of Justice ** wherever they occur after “ High Court '* and the words “ the Governor and Company of ”  Digitized byCjOO^IC

1898.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1898.

Ch. 22. 57

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

38 & 39 Viet. c. 77.—  cont. Section twenty-six, the words “ either before or after the commencement of this Act ” and “ of Justice ” Section twenty-eight, the words “of Justice” after “ High Court ”

c. 87. - The Land Transfer Act, 1875.  In part, namely,—  Section one hundred and twenty-eight.

c. 89. - The Public Works Loans Act, 1875.  In part, namely, —  Section thirty-three, the words “ Her heirs and successors ”

39 & 40 Viet. c. 3. -c. 16. - The Epping Forest Act, 1876.  The Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1876.  In part, namely,—  Section eight, from “ and in lieu of ” to the end of the section.

c. 35. - The Customs Tariff Act, 1876.  In part, namely,—  The schedule, so far as it relates to chloroform, collodion, currants, ether (sulphuric), and ethyl (iodide of).

c. 36. - The Customs Consolidation Act, 1876.  In part, namely,—  Section two hundred and thirty-four, the words “ her or their.**

c. 39. -c. 47. - The Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1876.  The Saint Vincent . . . and Grenada Constitution Act, 1876.  In part, namely,—  Schedule (Act of St. Vincent), preamble and sections two, three, and seven, and the schedule thereto. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 55. - The Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1876. In part, namely,—  Section eleven.

c. 56. - The Commons Act, 1876.  In part, namely,—  Section twenty, the words u or trustees of any turnpike road.”

c. 59. - The Appellate Jurisdiction Act, 1876.  In part, namely,—  Section fifteen, from “or in any Court” to “ Appeal,” where that word next occurs.

c. 71. - The Chairman of Quarter Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1876.  In part, namely,—  Section five, the words “ Commissioners of Hei Majesty's.”

Digitized by i^ooQie

58 Ch. 22.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1808.

61 & 62 Vict.

fieign and Chapter. Short Title.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 17. • Au Act the title of which begins with the words “ An Act to amend ” and ends with the words “ in boroughs.”

c. 32. - The Public Works Loans Remission Act, 1877.

c. 52. - The Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1877. In part, namely,—  Section twenty-three.

c. 57. - The Supreme Court of Judicature (Ireland) Act, 1877.  In part, namely,—  Section seventy-three, the words “within two years from the commencement of this Act.”

c. 64. -41 &42 Vict. c. 37. - The Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1877.  The Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1878. In part, namely,—  Sections twenty-two and twenty-four.

c. 4S. - The Weights and Measures Act, 1878.  In part, namely,—  Section seventy, the definition of Weights and Measures Act, 1835.

c. 51. - The Roads and Bridges (Scotland) Act, 1878.  In part, namely,—  Section eighteen, the words “ to be appointed by the county road board.”

c. 52. - The Public Health (Ireland) Act, 187S. In i»rt, namely,—  Schedule A.

c. 62. -c. 77. - The Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1878.  The Highways and Locomotives (Amendment) Act, 1878.  In part, namely,—  Section two, the words “to the Isle of Wight; nor” and from “ nor to any part of a county ” to the end of the section.  Section seventeen.  Section twenty-seven, from “ This section shall extend” to the end of the section.  Section twenty-eight, the words “ turnpike ro&d or ” occurring twice and “ road or ”  Section thirty, the words “ turnpike road or” occurring twice.  Section thirty-one, the"words t( turnpike roads or.”

42 &43 Vict. c. 6. - The District Auditors Act, 1879.  In part, namely,—  Section seven, the words “ of Justice.”

c. 11. - The Bankers* Books Evidence Act, 1879.  In part, namely,—  Section ten, the words “ of Justice ” occurring twice.

\ Digitized by CjOO^Ic

1893.

Statute Law Revision , 1898.

Ch. 22.

59

Reign and Chapter. | Short Title.

42 & 43 Viet. c. 22. - 1 The Prosecution of Offences Act, 1879.  In part, namely,—  Section six, the words “ of Justice.”

c. 50. - The Bills of Sale (Ireland) Act, 1870.  In part, namely,—  The words “ of Judicature in Ireland,” and “ of Justice in Ireland ” wherever they occur in sections thirteen, fourteen, sixteen, and seventeen.

c. 53. - The Municipal Elections (Ireland) Act, 1879.  In part, namely,—  Section two, to “Act,” where it first occurs.

c. 59. - The Civil Procedure Acts Repeal Act, 1879.  In part, namely,—  Section four, subsection two, from “aud shall not” to the end of subsection three.

c. GO. - The East India Loan Act, 1879.  In part, namely,—  Section three, from “ under the hands” to “ aforesaid.” Section six, from “under the hands” to “aforesaid.” Section eighteen, to “ provide and.”  Section nineteen.

c. 69. - The Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1879. In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Sections three to seven.  Section eight, the first two paragraphs.  Sections nine to eleven.  Section twelve, the first three paragraphs. Section thirteen.  Section fourteen, the first three paragraphs. Section fifteen, the first three paragraphs. Sections sixteen to twenty-six and twenty-eight. Schedule.

c. 78. - • The Supreme Court of Judicature (Officers) Act, 1879. In part, namely,—  Section four, the words “ of Judieature.”

43 Viet. c. i. - The Belief of Distress (Ireland) Act, 1880.  In part, namely,—  The words “ Commissioners of Her Majesty's ” wherever they occur in sections five, nine, ten, eleven.  Section eleven, the words “ after the passing of this Act, and ”

c. 10. The East India Loan (East Indian Railway Debentures) Act, 1880.  In part, namely,—  Section three, from “under the hands” to “as aforesaid.”

c. 11. - The India Stock (Powers of Attorney) Act, 1880.  In part, namely,—  Section three, from “ and also ” to the end of the section.  Digitized by CjOO^Ic

60 CH. 22.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1898.

61 & 62 Vicr

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

43 Viet. c. 17. - The Town Councils and LocaI Boards Act, 1880.  In part, namely,—  Section three, the words 44 but not to Scotland.”

43 & 44 Viet. c. 1. The Public Works Loans Act, 1880.

c. 14. - The Relief of Distress (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1880. In part, namely,—  Section two, to “Therefore.”  Section sixteen, the definition of the Treasury.

c. 19. - The Taxes Management Act, 1880.  In part, namely,—  Section five, the definition of High Court.  Section ten, from “ of Justice ” to M respectively.”  The Fourth Schedule, the entries as to 5 Geo. 4. c. 44., 5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 20.

c. 24. - The Spirits Act, 1S80.  In part, namely,—  The words “ Scotland or ” in section one hundred and forty-six.

c. 25. - The Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1880.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section three, the first paragraph.  Sections four to six.  Section seven, the first two paragraphs.  Section eight.  Section nine, to 44 stock ; but ” and from 44 Provided always ” to the end of the section.  Section ten, to 44 consolidated stock and ”  Section eleven, the first three paragraphs.  Section twelve, the first three paragraphs.  Section thirteen.  Section fourteen, the first two paragraphs.  Section fifteen, the first three and the last paragraphs. Sections sixteen to twenty-five and twenty-seven,  Firet Schedule.  Second Schedule, Part I.

c. 46. - The Universities and College Estates Amendment Act, 1880. In part, namely,—  Section four, the words 44of Judicature” and 44of Justice.”

44 &45 Vic . c. 28. - The Local Government Board (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1881.  In part, namely,—  Title, from 44 to make” to 44 1880 and” where they first occur.

(  OD  CO The Public Works Loan Act, 1881.  In part, namely,—  Section ten, the words 44 Commissioners of Her Majesty's.”

\

Digitized by LjOOQie

1898.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1898.

Ch. 22. 61

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

44 & 45 Viet. c. 41. - The Conveyancing and Law of Property Act, 1881.  In part, namely,—  Section two in paragraph XVIII., the words “of Justice/'  Section forty-eight, the words “of Judicature” and “ Commissioners of Her Majesty's.”  Section seventy-two, subsection two, the words “of Justice,” and in subsection four the words “of Judicature '' twice occurring.

c. 46. - The Patriotic Fund Act, 1881.  In part, namely,—  Section five, the words “ Commissioners of Her Majesty's.”

c. 48. - The Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1881.  In part, namely,—  Sections three to nine.  Section ten, the first two paragraphs.  Section eleven.  Section twelve, to “ stock but ” and from “ Provided always ” to the end of the section.  Section thirteen, to “ Consolidated stock and ”  Section fourteen.  Section fifteen, the first three paragraphs.  Section sixteen, the first three paragraphs.  Section seventeen.  Section eighteen, the first two paragraphs.  Section nineteen, the first three and the last paragraphs.  Sections twenty to thirty and thirty-two.  Section thirty-three, to “ Act ” where it first occurs. Section thirty-four.  Schedules.

c. 49. - The Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881.  In part, namely,—  Section forty-eight in subsection (8) the words “ of Justice”

c. 68. - The Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1881.  In part, namely,—  The words “of Justice ” wherever they occur in sections two, four to eight, eleven, twelve, fourteen, and seventeen to nineteen.  The words “of Judicature” wherever they occur in sections four, nineteen, twenty, and twenty-one.

c. 69. - The Fugitive Offenders Act, 1881.  In part, namely,—  Section thirty-nine, the words “ of Justice ” wherever they occur.

45 & 46 Viet. c. 1. -c. 2. - The Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1882.  The Post Office (Reply Post Cards) Act, 1882. In part, namely,—  Prei mhle.

Digitized by LjOOQle

62 Ch. 22.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1898.

61 & 62 Y.ct.

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

45 & 46 Viet. c. 4. The Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1882.

c. 7. - The Army (Annual) Act, J882.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Sections two and three and schedule.

c. 8. - The Consolidated Fund (No. 3) Act, 1882.

c. 9. - The Documentary Evidence Act, 1882. In part, namely,—  Preamble.

c. 10. - The Military Manoeuvres Act, 1882.

c. 12. - The Militia Storehouses Act, 1882. In part, namely,—  Section one.

c.' 13. - The Arklow Harbour Act, 1882.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section two.  Section three, the words “ Commissioners of Her Majesty's ” “ in this Act referred to as the Treasury ” and “ Her heirs and successors ”  Section four.  Section six, to “direct” where it first occurs Section eight, to “ direct ”  Section ten, subsection (2), to “Act”  Section twenty-one, to “ Board ” where it first occurs. Section twenty-two, the words “Her heirs or successors ”  Section twenty-three, the words “ Her heirs or successors ”

c. 15. - i The Commonable Bights Compensation Act, 1882. i In part, namely,— j Preamble.

c. 16. - , The Irish Reproductive Loan Fund Amendment Act, 1882. In part, namely,—  Preamble.  j Section two, to “ repealed and ”

c. 17. - I The Customs and Inland Revenue Buildings (Ireland) Act, 1882.  In part, namely,—  Section two, the words “ Her Majesty's ” before “ Works” and “and Public Buildings ”  Section three, the words “Her Majesty's” and “and Public Buildings ” wherever they occur.  The words “Commissioners of the” in sections four, five, and six.

Digitized byCjOO^lC

1898.

Statute Law Revision A , 1898.

Ch. 22. 63

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

45 &46 Viet. c. 19. - The Interments (felo dese) Act, 1882. In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section one.  Section two, to “ Act”

c. 21. - The Places of Worship Sites Amendment Act, 1882.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section one, in subsection (5), the words “ Commissioners of Her Majesty's” and in subsection (d), the words “ for England and Wales ”

c. 22. - The Boiler Explosions Act, 1882. In part, namely,—  Preamble.

c. 25. -c. 27. - The Prevention of Crime (Ireland) Act, 1882.  The Highway Bate Assessment and Expenditure Act, 1882. In part, namely,—  Section three, the last paragraph.  Section four, the words “ made after the passing of this Act.”

c. 28. - The Consolidated Fund (No. 4) Act, 1882.

c. 29. - The County Court Amendment (Ireland) Act, 1882.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section nine, to “ enacted that ” and from “ The fifty-fifth ” to the end of the section.

c. 30. - The Baths and Washhouses Act, 1882. In part, namely,—  Preamble.

c. 31. - The Inferior Courts Judgments Extension Act, 1882. In part, namely,—  Preamble.

c. 32. - The Public Offices Site Act, 1882.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section two, from “ on and after ” where those words first occur to “ eighty-three ” where it first occurs, the words “ Her Majesty's ”, from “ and Public Buildings ” to “ assigus ” where it next occurs, the words “and their successors and assigns” wherever they occur, the words “ on and after such day aforesaid ”, and from “ on and after ” where those words last occur to “ eighty-three.”  Section four.  Section five, from “Upon the thirtieth ” to “ eighty-three and ” and the word “ succeeding ”  Section six.  Section eight.  Section nine, the first two paragraphs and from “shall lay out” where those words first occur to “ such sum ” Section twenty-two.

Digitized by LjOOQie

64 Ch. 22.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1898.

61 & 62 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

45 & 46 Viet. c. 33. - The Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1882. In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Sections three to ten.  Section eleven to “ passing of this Act and ” Section twelve.  Section thirteen, the first two paragraphs.  Section fourteen, the first paragraph.  Section fifteen.  Section sixteen, the first paragraph.  Section seventeen to “ Provided always that ” Sections eighteen to twenty-six and twenty-eight. Schedules.

c. 34. - The Beer Dealers Retail Licences (Amendment) Act, 1882. In part, namely,—  Preamble.

c. 36. - The Casual Poor Act, 1882.  In part, namely,—  Section two.  Section four, to “ as follows ” where those words first occur.

c. 37. - The Corn Returns Act, 1882.  In part, namely,—  Section three.  Section fifteen, the words “ Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's ”  Section sixteen, the words “Commissioners of Her Majesty's ”  Section seventeen, the words “ Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's ”  Section nineteen to the end of subsection (2).  Schedule.

c. 38. - The Settled Land Act, 1882.  In part, namely,—  Section forty-six, subsection (9).  Section sixty-four.  Section sixty-five, subsection (5), from “ at any time ” to the end of the subsection, and subsection (8) from “ at any time ” to “ this Act ” where those words last occur.  Schedule.

c. 39* ■ The Conveyancing Act, 1882.  In part, namely,—  Section two, subsection (5), the words “ Commissioners of Her Majesty's '' and from “ and may be made ” to the end of the subsection.  Section three, subsection (4), from “save that” to the end of the section.  Section seven,the words “ of Justice”, subsection (3), from “ and may be made ” to the end of the subsection, and subsections (4) and (6).  Section thirteen.  Schedule.

V Digitized by CjOO^Ic

1898.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1898.

Ch. 22. 65

Reign and Chapter. j Short Title.

1  45 & 46 Viet. c. 4a - The Copyright (Musical Compositions) Act, 1882.  In part, namely,—'  Preamble.  Section one, to “ Act ” where it first occurs.  Section two, the words “after the passing of this Act.”

c. 41. - The Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1882.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Sections two and three.  Section four.  Section five, the words “ Her heirs and successors” Sections eight to twelve.

c. 42. - The Civil Imprisonment (Scotland) Act, 1882. In part, namely,—  Section two.  Section three, to “ Act ”  Section seven.

c. 43. - The Bills of Sale Act (1878) Amendment Act, 1882. Preamble.  Section ten, from “ So much ” to the end of the section. Section thirteen, the words “ after the commencement of this Act ” where they first occur.  Section fifteen, to “ and also ” and the word “ other ”, and from “ but this repeal ” to the end of the section. Section sixteen, to “ this Act ”

c. 44. - The Pensions Commutation Act, 1882. In part, namely,—  Preamble.

c. 45. - An Act the title of which begins with the words “ An Act to make ” and ends with the words “ in Council.”  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section one.  Section two, to “Government of India” and from “ such additional ” to “ eighty-two ”  Section four, to “ Act ” where it first occurs.  Section six.

c. 46. - The Isle of Man (Officers) Act, 1882. In part, namely,—  Preamble.

c. 47. - The Arrears of Rent (Ireland) Act, 1882.  In part, namely,—  Sections one to fifteen.  ! Section sixteen, the first, third, fourtli, fifth, sixth, and | twelfth paragraphs.  | Section seventeen.  Section eighteen, to “ Act ” where it first occurs. Section twenty-two.  First Schedule.  E  Digitized by CjOO^Ic

66 Ch. 22.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1898.

61 & 62 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 48. - The Reserve Forces Act, 1882.  In parr, namely,—  Section two.  Section twenty-nine, to “Provided as follows” and subsections (1) and (5).  Schedule.

c. 49. - The Militia Act, 1882. In part, namely,— Preamble.

c. 50. - Section two.  Section fiflty one, the definition of Secretary of State. Section fifty-three, subsection (8).  Section fifty-four, to “Provided as follows” and subsections (2) and (9).  Second Schedule.  Third Schedule ia 34 & 35 Vict. c. 86. s. 19, the definition of Secretary of State.  The Municipal Corporations Act, 1882.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.

c, 51. - Sections four and five.  Section seven, the definitions of Borough, Treasury, Secretary of State, High Court, and Bank of England, and the words “ or revising assessor ”  Section twenty-nine.  Section thirty, subsection (I), from “two-thirds” to “ petition and ” and the word “ thereupon ”  Section two hundred and twenty-six, subsections (I) and (2).  Section two hundred and forty-three.  Section two hundred and sixty, subsections (1) aud (3), and subsection (2) from “and shall not” to the end of the subsection.  The First Schedule, Parti., and in Part II. the entries as to 15 Rich. 2. c. 5; 2 3 Phil. & Mary, c. 18 ;  11 Geo. 1. c. 4; 12 Geo. 3. c. 21; 32 Geo. 3. c. 58; 55 Geo. 3. c. 51; 4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 27; 7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 19; 23 & 24 Vict. c. 106; 40 & 41 Vict. c. 17; 42 & 43 Vict. c. 30; 43 Vict. c. 17.  The Ninth Schedule, in Part I. the entries as tc  12 & 13 Vict. c. 35; 12 & 13 Vict. c. 82 ; 14 & 15 Vict. c. 34 ; 16 & 17 Vict. c. 97; 17 18 Vict. c. 71; 18 & 19 Vict. c. 121; 31 & 32 Vict. c. 130; 41 & 42Vict. c. 74.  The Government Annuities Act, 1882.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section one, from “The Act of” to the end of the section.  Section thirteen, subsection (7), the words “ the Governor and Company of ” occurring twice.  Section fourteen, the definitions of Treasury and National Debt Commissioners.  Section fifteen, to “ repealed ; and ”  Schedule.

Digitized by CjOO^Ic

1898.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1898.

Oh. 22. 67

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

45 A 46 Viet. c. 52. - The Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1882. In part, namely,—  The whole Act except sections eight to ten.

c. 53. - The Entail (Scotland) Act, 1882.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section two, the word “ expression,” and from “ shall mean ” to “ mentioned and ”  Schedule.

c. 55. - The Merchant Shipping (Expenses) Act, 1882. In part, namely,—  Preamble.

c. 58. - The Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1882. In part, namely,—  Section fourteen, to “Act; and” in subsection (3).

c. 59. - The Educational Endowments (Scotland) Act, 1882.  In part, namely,—  Section three.  Section four, the words “ Commissioners of Her Majesty's ” and “ Commissioners of the ” and the last paragraph.  Section forty-seven.

c. 60. - The Labourers Cottages and Allotments (Ireland) Act, 1882. In part, namely,—  Preamble.

c. 61. - The Bills of Exchange Act, 1882.  In part, namely,—  Section ninety-six.  Section ninety-seven, subsection (3), sub-clause (a), to “ it, or ”  Second Schedule.

c. 62. - The Public Works Loans Act, 1882.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Sections three, four, and five.  Section six, to the end of subsection (2), and subsections (4) and (6)  Section seven, to “ as follows ”  Section nine.  Section ten, to “ enacted as follows.”  Section eleven, to “ enacted as follows.”

c. 63. - The Constabulary (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1882.  In part, namely,—  Section two, the words “ the Commissioners of”, and from “ The rates ” to “ eighty-two ”  Section three, to “ Act ” where it first occurs.  Section four, to “ said first day of October ”, and the words “ the Commissioners of ”  Section seven.

c.64. - The Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1882. E 2  Digitized by CjOO^Ic

68 Ch. 22.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1898.

Cl & 02 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

45 & 46 Viet. c. 65. - The Prison Charities Act, 1882.  In part, namely,—  Section two, from “ for England ” to “ Commissioners ” where it next occurs.

c. 66. - The Passenger Vessels Licences Amendment (Scotland) Act, 1882.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section three, the words “after the passing of this Act”

c. 67. - The South Wales Turnpike Bonds Amendment Act, 1882. In part, namely,—

• Section five and schedule.

c. 68. - The Corrupt Practices (Suspension of Elections) Act, 1882.

c. 69. - The Intermediate Education (Ireland) Act, 1882.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section two.  Section three, the words “ the present or ” and the word “ future ”

c. 70. - The Supreme Court of Judicature (Ireland) Act, 1882. In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section two, the words “ of Judicature.”

c. 71. - The Appropriation Act, 1882.

c. 72. - The Revenue, Friendly Societies and National Debt Act, 1882.  In part, namely,—  Section five, the words “Her Majesty's” and “and Public Buildings”  Section seven, from “ The following portions ” to the end of the section.  Section eleven, subsection (2), to “ Act ” where it first occurs.  Section twelve, the words “ of Justice ” occurring twice. Section eighteen, to “ as follows ”  Section nineteen, to “appoint”  Section twenty.  Section twenty-one, to “ enacted as follows ”, and in subsection (3) the words “ the Governor and Company of”  Section twenty-two, to “ enacted as follows ”  Section twenty-three, to “ enacted as follows ”, and in subsection (I) the words “for England” occurring twice, and in subsection (3) the words “ the Governor and Company of”  Section twenty-four, to “ enacted as follows ”  Section twenty-five, to “repealed”  Section twenty-six, the definitions of Treasury and National Debt Commissioners.  Second, Third, and Fourth Schedules.

Digitized by boogie

1898.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1898.

Ch. 22. 69

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

45 & 46 Viet. c. 73. - The Ancient Monuments Protection Act, 1882.  In part, namely, —  Section five, the words “ Commissioners of Her Majesty's ” occurring twice.  Section seven, from “The expression” to “amending the same ” and the words “ general or ”  Section eight, from “ as respects Great Britain ” to “ Buildings, and ” from “ Each ” to “ say,” and the words rt Her Majesty's ” and “ and Public Buildings”

c. 74. - The Post Office (Parcels) Act, 1882.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section seventeen, the definition of Treasury.

c. 75. - The Married Women's Property Act, 1882. Iu part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section twenty-two.

c. 77. - The Citation Amendment (Scotland) Act, 1882. In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section two.  Section three, to “ Act ”

c. 78. - The Fishery Board (Scotland) Act, 1882. In part, namely,—  Section three.

c. 79. -c. 80. - Section four, the words “ Commissioners of Her Majesty's” wherever they occur and subsection (5). Section six, the words “ Commissioners of Her Majesty's ”  The Tndia (Home Charges Arrears) Act, 1882.  The Allotments Extension Act, 1882.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section eight, from “for England” to “ Commissioners ”

c. 81. - The Somersham Rectory Act, 1882.  In part, namely, —  Preamble.  Section two.  Section three, to “ Act ” where it first occurs and the words “ after the commencement of this Act ”  . Section four, to “ Act ” where it first occurs.  Section five, to “ Act ” where it first occurs.  Section six, to “ Act ” where it first occurs.  Section seven, to “ Act ” where it first occurs.  Section nine, to “ Act ” where it first occurs.  Section fifteen.

46 & 47 Viet. c. 1. The Consolidated Fund (Permanent Charges Redemption) Act, 1883.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section three.

70 Ch. 22.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1898.

61 & 62 ViCT

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

16 & 47 Viet. c. 2. -c. 6. t c. 6. - The Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1883. The Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1883. The Army (Annual) Act, 1883.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Sections two and three.  Schedule.

c.7. - The Bills of Sale (Ireland) Act (1879) Amendment Act, 1883. In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section ten, from “ So much ” to the end of the section. Section thirteen, the words “ after the commencement of thi3 Act” where they first occur.  Section fifteen, to “ and also ” and the word “ other ”, and from “ but this repeal ” to the end of the section. Section sixteen, to “ this Act ”

c 8. The Glebe Lean (Ireland) Acts Amendment Act, 1883. In part, namely,—  Preamble.

c. 9. * The Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1883. In part, namely,—  Preamble.

c. 10. - The Customs aud InlandTRevenue Act, 1883. In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section two.  Sections eight to twelve.

c. 11. - The Poor Law Conferences Act, 1883. In part, namely,—  Preamble.

c. 12. - The Prevention of Crime (Ireland) Act, 1882, Amendment (Audience of Solicitors) Act, 1883.

c. 13. -c.-14. - The Consolidated Fund (No. 3) Act, 1883.  The Constabulary and Police (Ireland) Act, 1883.  In part, namely,—  Section two, to “repealed” and from “ The extra pay ” to “ Act ” where it next occurs.  The words “the Commissioners of” in sections three, four, and seventeen.  Section twelve, to “eighty-three”  Section thirteen,'to “Act” where it first occurs. Section seventeen, to “ Therefore ”  Section eighteen, the words “ after the passing of this Act”

c. 15. - The Lands Clauses (Umpire) Act, 1883.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section one, the words “The following words in”, from “ are hereby ” to “ same section ” and the word “ accordingly ”

v Digitized by CjOO^Ic

1898.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1898.

•Oh. 22. 71

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

46 & 47 Viet. c. 16. -c. 17. • e. 18. - Lord Alcester's Grant Act, 1883.  Lord Wolselcy's Grant Act, 1883.  The Municipal Corporations Act, 1883.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section two, to “ appoint ”, subsection (I), to *• Act and ” and subsection (2). ■ Section three, to “ appoint ” and from u to which Her Majesty ” to “ new charter ”  Section five.  Section seven, to “as follows”  Section eight, subsection (3), from “and an order” to “ passing of this Act ”, and in subsection (4) the words “ of »1 ustice ”  Section nine, subsection (4), the words “ of Justice ” Section ten, subsection (2), to “Act” where it first occurs.  Section eleven, subsection (4), the words “of Justice” Section sixteen, subsection (2).  Section seventeen, to “ as follows ”  Section eighteen, to “ as follows ”  Section nineteen, the werds “ the Privy Council or,v Section twenty, to “ as follows ”  Section twenty-one, to “ as follows ”  Section twenty-two, to “ as follows ”  Section twenty-three, to “ as follows ”  Section twenty-five, subsection (2), the words “ Her heirs and successors ” occurring twice and subsection (3).  Section twenty-six, snbsection (2), to “ to the making of ” and the words “ and any such rate ”  Section twenty-seven, the definition of Charity Corn** missioners.  The First Schedule, Part I., except as to Alnwick, Braduinch, Over, Radnor, and Wootton Bassett, and in Part II., the entries as to Brackley, Higham Ferrers, and Lampeter, and the note.

c. 20. - The Registry of Deeds Office (Ireland) Holidays Act, 1883. In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section one, to “ Act ”

c. 21. - The Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1883.

c. 22. - The Sea Fisheries Act, 1883.  In part, namely,—  Section twenty-one, the words “ Commissioners of the ” Section twenty-eight, the definitions of the Admiralty and consular officer.  Section twenty-nine.  Section thirty, subjection (1), subsection (2), to “ Act ” where it first occurs, and subsection (3).  Second Schedule, Part I.  Digitized by CjOO^Ic

72 Ch. 22.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1898.

61 & 62 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

4G & 47 Yict. c. 23. - The Consolidated Fund (No. 4) Act, 1883.

c. 24. - The Relief of Distressed Unions (Ireland) Act, 1883. Section four.

c. 26. - The Sea Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1883.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section two.  Section four, the words “ Commissioners of Her Majesty's ”  Section nine, the definition of the Treasury.

c. 27. - The Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1883.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section three, the first and last paragraphs.  Sections four to eight.  Section nine, to 44 passing of this Act and **  Section ten, the first two paragraphs.  Section eleven, the first paragraph.  Section twelve.  Section thirteen, the first paragraph.  Section fourteen, to 44 Provided always that ”  Sections fifteen to seventeen, twenty, twenty-three, and twenty-five.  First Schedule, Second Schedule, Part I.

c. 29. - The Supreme Court of Judicature (Funds, &c.) Act, 1883.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section one, to 44 Act ” and the words “ of Judicature ” Section two, to 44 1872 and” where they first occur, and the words 44after the commencement of this Act ” 44 of Justice ” and 44 of Judicature”  Section three, the words 44 after the passing of this Act” 44of Justice” and “of Judicature”  Section five, the words 44 of Judicature ” where they first occur.  Section seven, the words 44of Justice” and “the Governor and Company of ”

c. 30. - The Companies (Colonial Registers) Act, 1883. In part, namely,—  Preamble.

c. 31. - The Payment of Wages in Public-houses Prohibition Act, 1883. In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section three, to 44 Act ” where it first occurs.

c. 32. - The Greenwich Hospital Act, 1883.  In part, namely,—  Section six.  Section eight, from 44 by the Lord ” to44 in succession ” and the words 44 Her heirs and successors”

Digitized by v^ooQle

1898.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1898.

Ch. 22. 73

Reign and Chapter.  — Short Title.

46 & 47 Yict. c. 33. - The Irish Reproductive Loan Fund Amendment Act, 1883. In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section eight, the definition of Treasury.

c. 34. - The Cheap Trains Acl, 1883.  In part, namely,—  Section two, to “ Act ” where it first occurs.  Section eight, the definition of the Admiralty.  Section nine.  Section ten, to “ Act ” where it first occurs and the words “ as from the commencement of this Act ”

c. 36. - The City of London Parochial Charities Acl, 1883.

c. 38. - The Trial of Lunatics Act, 1883. In part, namely,—  Section four, subsection (1). Schedule.

c. 39. - The Statute Law Revision Act, 1883. In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Schedule.

c. 40. - The Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1883.

c. 42. - The Public Works Loan Act, 1883.  In part, namely,—  Sections three to seven.  Section eight, to the words “and further” in subsection (1) and subsections (2) to (10).  Section ten.  Section eleven, to the end of subsection (1).  Section twelve, to “ as follows ”  Section thirteen, the words “ a county of a city ”

c. 43. - The Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883. In part, namely,—  Section twenty-five, the definition of the Treasury.

c. 44. - The Borough Constables Act, 1883. In part, namely,—  Preamble.

c. 46. - The Corrupt Practices (Suspension of Elections) Act, 1883.

c. 47. - The Provident Nominations and Small Intestacies-Act, 1883.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section one, the words “ to industrial and provident societies and ”  Section two, in the definition of directors, the paragraph numbered (2), the definition of Savings Bank, the definition of Office, from “ the Friendly ” to “ Acts or ” and from “ in the case of a registered ” to the end of the section.

Digitized by i^OOQLe

74 Ch. 22.

Statute Law Revision , 1898.

61 & 62 Vict.

Reign and Chapter.

Short Title.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 47.— cont.

c. 48. -c. 49.

c. 50. -c. 51.

Section three, from “ subsections ” where that word first occurs to “ 1876 ” where it first occurs, the word “ forty-three ”, and from “ section ten ” to *• savings banks ” where those words last occur. Section five.

Section six.

Section eight, the words “ the Commissioners of ” Section ten, the words “ or savings bank ” occurring twice, and “ or of any depositor in a savings bank ”

The Cholera Hospitals (Ireland) Act, 1883.

The Statute Law Revision and Civil Procedure Act, 1883.

In part, namely,—

Preamble.

Section two, from “ It shallto the end of the section. Section four.

Section five.

Section six, subsections (a) and ( ).

Schedule, except the entries as to 5 & 6 Vict. c. 69. and 21 & 22 Vict. c. 27.

The Appropriation Act, 1883.

The Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883.

In part, namely,—

Section one, to “ as follows ”

Section eleven, to “ enacted as follows ”

Section twelve, to “ enacted as follows ”

Section forty-three, the words “ Commissioners of Her Majesty's ” wherever they occur.

Section forty-fcur, in subsection (3), the words “ of Judicature ”

Section forty-nine, the words “after the passing of the Act ”

Section fifty-six, in subsection (2), the words “ of Judicature ”

Section fifty-eight, the words “Commissioners of Her Majesty's ” occurring twice.

Section sixty-four, the definitions of High Court, Court of Summary Jurisdiction, Petty Sessional Court, and Summary Jurisdiction Acts.

Section sixty-five, subsection (2).

Section sixty-six, to “ Act and ”

Section sixty-seven.

Section sixty-eight, the definition of Summary Jurisdiction Acts.

Section sixty-nine, subsections (2), (.5), (6), and (7). Section seventy.

Fourth Schedule.

Fifth Schedule.

c. 52.

The Bankruptcy Act, 1883.

In part, namely,—

Section three.

Section forty, subsection (6).

Section sixty-six, the words “after the passing of this Act ”

Digitized by LjOOQie

1898.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1898.

Ch. 22. 75

Reign and Chapter.

46 & 47 Viet. c. 52.—

cont.

c. 53.

c. 54.

c. 55.

Short Title.

Section seventy-one, the words “ after the passing of this Act”

Section seventy-four, subsection (2).

Section ninety-three, to “ Act ” where it first occurs and the words ‘‘of Judicature ” where they first occur.

Section ninety-four, the words “ of Judicature ” in subsection (4).

Section one hundred and twenty-seven, subsection (3) and subsection (5) to “ Act.”

Section one hundred and twenty-eight, subsection (2).

Section one hundred and twenty-nine, subsection (2).

Section oue hundred and forty-six, subsection (2).

Section one hundred and fifty-three, in subsection (4), the words “ after the passing of this Act ”

Section one hundred and fifty-four, in subsection (1), the words “ after the passing of this Act ”

Section one hundred and fifty-five, in subsection (1), the words “ after the passing of this Act ” and in subsection (2) the words “ after the commencement of this Act ”

Section one hundred and sixty-two, in subsection (2) (a), the words “ after the passing of this Act ” and subsection (5).

Section one hundred and sixty-eight, the definitions of High Court and Treasury.

Section one hundred and sixty-nine, subsections (1) and (2).

Section one hundred and seventy, to “Act” where it first occurs.

The Fifth Schedule.

The Factory aud Workshop Act, 1883.

In part, namely,—

Section two, to “ eighty-three ”

Section six, from “ after the ” to “ eighty-three ”

The National Debt Act, 1883.

In part, namely,—

• Preamble.

Section eleven, the definitions of Treasury, National Debt Commissiouers, and Bank of England.

The Revenue Act, 1883.

In part, namely,—

Section four, the words “ of Justice ” occurring twice.

Section ten, to “ Be it enacted ”, the word “ That ” at the commencement-of subsections (1), (2), and (3), and the words “ Commissioners of Her Majesty's ” in subsection (10).

Section sixteen.

Section eighteen, to “enacted as follows”; and from “ for England ” to “ Commissioners ” where it next occurs.

Section nineteen, to the end of subsection (3).

Schedule.

Google

70 Ch. 22.

Statute L nv Revision Act, 1898.

61 & 62 Vict

Keiga and Chapter. Short Title.

1  4G & 47 Vict. c. 5G. -  I 1  The Education (Scotland) Act, 1883.  In part, namely,—  Section two, from “ except ” to “ and shall ”  Section five, to “ 1872 and ”, and from “ shall be ” where those words first occur to “ second-mentioned Act ”

c. 57. - Section six, to “ eighty-five ”  Section fourteen, to “ enacted as follows ”  The Patents Designs and Trade Marks Act, 1883.  In part, namely,-—  Section five, from “ in the form ” to “ Act or ” and the word “ other ”  Section twenty-six, subsection (1).  Section twenty-seven, the words “ her heirs and successors.”  Section sixty-two, from “ in the form ” to “ Act or ” and the word “other”  Sectiou eighty-three, the words “ after the passing of this Act.”  Section one hundred and one, subsection (3), from “ at any time ” to “ Act” where it secondly occurs. Section one hundred and eleven, the words “ and the Court of Appeal respectively”, “of Justice”, and from “and Her Majesty's” to the end of subsection (1).  Section one hundred and thirteen.

c. 58. • Section one hundred and fifteen.  Section one hundred and seventeen, the words “of Justice” and the definition of the Treasury, and from “ that is to say ” to the end of the section.  The First Schedule, Forms A, B, C, and F.  The Third Schedule.  The Post Office (Money Orders) Act, 1883.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section one, from “ in lieu ” to “ that Act.”  Section four, to “ enacted as follows ”  Section five.  Section eight.  Second Schedule.

c. GO. - The Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883.  In part, namely,—  Section seven, from “ A Provisional Order made ” to “ Parliament ” where that word last occurs, and the words “ of Justice.”

c. 61. - Section twenty-one, the definition of Treasury.  1 Section twenty-two.  'I he Agricultural Holdings (England) Act, 1883.  In part, namely,—  Section one, the words “ on and after the commencement of this Act ”  Section twenty-three, the words “of Justice”  Section thirty-five, the words “ her heirs and successors ” occurring twice, and “ her heirs or successors ” and the words “ Her Majesty's ” and “ Forests and Land Revenues ” wherever they respectively occur.

Digitized by LjOOQle

1898.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1898.

Ch. 22. 77

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

46 & 47 Viet. c. 61.— cont. Section thirty-six, the words “her heirs and successors ” occurring twice and “ her heirs or successors ” Section thirty-eignt, the words “for England*'  Section thirty-nine, the words “the Governors of” wherever they occur, and from “ that is ” to “ Poor Clergy ”  Section forty, the words “ for England and Wales ” Section forty-four, to “ Act ** where it first occurs, and from “except” to “passed”  Section sixty-two, to “ repealed ” and subsection (a).

c. 62. - The Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1883.  In part, namely,—  Section one, the words “from and after the commencement of this Act ”  Section twenty-seven, from “ The second ” to “ repealed and ”  Section thirty-one, the words “her heirs and successors ” occurring twice, “ Her Majesty's ” occurring twice, “ her heirs or successors ” “ Forests and Land Revenues ” and “ Forests Land and Revenues ” Section forty-two, the definition of Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1853.

47 A 48 Vict.c. 1. - An Act the title of which begins with the words “ An Act for settling,” and ends with the words “ eminent services.”

c.2. - The National Debt Act, 1884.  In part, namely,—  Section two, the words “ the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury in this section referred to as” and from “the Commissioners for” to “referred to as” where occurring next, and the words “the Governor and Company of ” occurring twice.

c. 3. • The London Brokers Relief Act, 1884.

c. 4. - The Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1884.

c. 5. - The Valuation (Metropolis) Amendment Act, 1884. In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section two, to “ as follows ”

c. 6. - The Dublin Science and Art Museum Act, 1884.  In part, namely,—  Preamble, the second and fourth recitals.  Section three, the words “ Her heirs and successors,” and the words “ Commissioners of Her Majesty's ” occurring twice.

c. 7. - The Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1884.  In part, namely,—  Section two, subsection one, to “ ferry boats, and ” and subsection two.

Digitized by v^ooQle

78 Ch. 22. Statute Law Revision Act, 1898. Cl c5 62 Yict.

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

47 & 48 Viet. c. 8. - The Army (Annual) Act, 1884.  In part, namely,—  Sections two, three, and eight. Schedule.

c. 9. - The Bankruptcy Appeals (County Courts) Act, 1884.  In part, namely,—  Section two, to “ enacted that,” and the words “ of Justice.”

c. 11. - The Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1884.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section three, to “ enacted that.”  Section eight, from “So much of section three” to end of section.

c. 15. -c. 16. - The Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1884.  The Bankruptcy Frauds and Disabilities (Scotland) Act, 1884. In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section two.

c. 17. - The Metropolitan Police Act, 1884.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section one, the second nnd third paragraphs. Schedule.

c. 19. - The Summary Jurisdiction over Children (Ireland) Act, 1884. In part, namely,—  Section three.  Section nine, the definition of Court of Summary Jurisdiction.

c. 21. - The Sea and Coast Fisheries Fund (Ireland) Act, 1884.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section two, the words “the Governor and Company of.”  Section five.

c. 22. - The Loans for Schools and Training Colleges (Ireland) Act, 1884.  In part, namely,—  Section two, the words “ Commissioners of Her Majesty's.”

c. 23. - i The National Debt (Conversion of Stock) Act, 1884.  In part, namely,—  Section nine, from “ the Treasury ” to “ Successors.”j

c.21. • The Colonial Attorneys Belief Act Amendment Act, 1884. In part, namely,—  Preamble.

c. 25. - The Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1884.

Digitized by LjOOQie

1898.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1898.

Ch. 22. 79

Keign and Chapter. Short Title.

47 & 48 Viet. c. 28. - The Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1884.

c. 29. - The Licensing (Evidence) Act, 1884. In part, namely,—  Preamble.

c. 30. - The Great Seal Act, 1884. In part, namely,— Section three. Section five. Schedule.

c. 31. - The Colonial Prisoners Removal Act, 1884.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section eleven, the words “Commissioners of Her Majesty's ”  Section eighteen, the definition of Secretary of State.

c. 32. - The Royal Military Asylum, Chelsea (Transfer), Act, 1884.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section two, to “ Act ” where it first occurs, and from “and their successors ” to “ 1874.”  Section three, the words “ her heirs and successors.” Schedule, the words “ Her Majesty's ” occurring twice, and “ Forests and Land Revenues,” and “ and Public Buildings.”

c. 33. - The Newcastle Chapter Act, 1884. In part, namely,—  Preamble.

c. 35. - The County of Dublin Jurors' and Voters' Revision Act, 1884. In part, namely,—  Section two, the words “ or other chief Governor or Governors of Ireland ” occurring twice, “ for the time being,” and “ Commissioners of Her Majesty's ”

c. 36. - The Prisons (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1884. In part, namely,—  Section two, to “ of this Act.”

c. 37. - The Public Libraries Act, 1884.  In part, namely,—  Section two, the words “as regards Ireland”, from “ And whereas” to “respectively ”  Section three, subsection two.  Section four, from “as respects” to “respectively” (occurring first), and the words “ first, second, and third parts respectively of the ”  Section five, the words “ the third part of ”  The Schedule, Parts I. and II.

c. 38. • The Indian Marine Service Act, 1884. In part, namely,—  Preamble.

Digitized by CjOO^Ic ^

80 Ch. 22.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1898.

61 & 62 Vicr.

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

47 & 48 Viet. c. 39. - The Naval Discipline Act, 1884.  In part, namely,—  {Section eight, snbsections one, two, and three. Section nine.  Schedule.

c. 40. - The Reformatory and Industrial Schools (Manx Children) Act, 1884.  In part, namely,—  Section four, so far as it defines Secretary of State.

c. 41. - The Building Societies Act, 1884. In part, namely,—  Preamble.

c. 42. - The Sheriff Court Houses (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1884.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  The words “Commissioners of Her Majesty's** wherever they occur in sections four and six.  Section six, to “ passing of this Act **

c. 43. - The Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1884.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section two.  Section three, to “ enacted that**  Section four, from “ and (3) This repeal ** to “ not passed '*  Section five, to “ enacted that **, and from ** And for the further '* to “ declared that**  Section eight, to “ declared that ** (occurring first), and from “ and for the ” to “ declared that **  Section twelve, to “ enacted that**  Schedule.

c. 44. - The Naval Pensions Act, 1884. In part, namely,— Preamble.  Sections four and five. Schedule.

c. 45. - The National School Teachers Amendment (Ireland) Act, 1884.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section one, from “ and shall commence ** to end of section.  Section two, to “ of this Act.”

c. 46. - The Naval Enlistment Act, 1884.  In part, namely,—  Section one, to “ 1853 ** where it first occurs. Section two, to “ enacted as follows *'  Section four, to “ enacted as follows **  Section five, subsection one.  Schedule.

1898.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1898.

Cfl. 22. 81

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

47 & 48 Viet. c. 48. - The Oyster Cultivation (Ireland) Act, 1884.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section twenty, the words “ Her heirs or successors,'* “ Her Majesty's," and “ Forests and Land Revenues."

c. 49. - The Public Works Loans Act, 1884.

c. 50. - The Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1884. In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Sections three to seven.  Section eight, to “ passing of this Act and " Section nine, the first two paragraphs.  Section ten, the first paragraph.  Section eleven.  Section twelve, the first paragraph.  Section thirteen, to u Provided always that'' Sections fourteen to twenty and twenty-two. Schedules.

c. 51. - The Prison Act, 1884.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section two, subsections four and five.

c. 52. - The Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1884.  In part, namely,—  The whole Act, except subsection four of section six.  In section six, subsection four, the first word “ That," and from “ from and after ” to “ said rentcharge shall"

c. 53. - The Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1834.

c. 54. - The Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section thirty-three, to “ Act ” where it first occurs. Section thirty-nine, the words “ after the commencement of this Act ”  Section fifty-one and First Schedule.

c. 55. - The Pensions and Yeomanry Pay Act, 1884. In part, namely,—  Section two, to “ of this Act"  Section six, subsection five.  Sections eight and nine.  Schedule.

c. 56. - The Chartered Companies Act, 1884. In part, namely,—  Preamble.

c. 57. - The Superannuation Act, 1884.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  The words “Commissioners of Her Majesty's" wherever they occur.  F

Digitized by Google

82 Ch. 22.

Statute Law lievUion , 1898.

01 & 62 Vicr.

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

47 & 48 Viet. c. 58. - The Prosecution of Offences Act, 1884. In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section two, to “ revoked, and ” Section five.

c. 59. - The Cholera Hospitals (Ireland) Act, 1884.

c. 61. • The Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1884.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section two.  The words “ of Justice ” in sections three, four, six, eight, thirteen, seventeen, and eighteen.  Section seventeen, the word3 “now pending or hereafter commenced ”  Section twenty-two.  Section twenty-four, the words “ of Judicature.”

c. 62. - The Revenue Act, 1884.  In part, namely,—  Section two, subsection two.  Section three, subsection five.  Section thirteen, to “as follows” and the words “ Commissioner of Her Majesty's ”  Section fourteen, to “ as follows ”

c. 63. - The Trusts (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1884.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section three, from “ and section five ” to end of section.

e. 61. - The Criminal Lunatics Act, 1884.  In part, namely,—  Section one, from “ The Acts ” to the end of the section.  Section sixteen, so far as it defines Secretary of State and the Admiralty.  Section seventeen.  Section eighteen, to “ of this Act.”  Schedules.

c. 65. - The New Parishes Acts and Church Building Acts Amendment Act, 1884.  In part, namely,—  Section five.  Schedule.

c. 66. The Bishopric of Bristol Act, 1884. In part, namely,—  Preamble,

c. 67. - The Improvement of Lands (Ecclesiastical Benefices) Act, 1884.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.

Digitized by boogie

1898.

Statute Law It t vision Act, 1898.

C h. 22. *3

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

47 & 48 Viet. c. 68. - The Matrimonial Causes Act, 1884. In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section two, to “of this Act.”

c. 70. - The Municipal Elections (Corrupt and Illegal Practices) Act, 1884.  In part, namely,—  Section thirty-eight.  Section thirty-nine.  Section forty-one and the Second Schedule.

c. 71. - The Intestates Act, 1884.  In part, namely,—  Section three, to “ this Act.”  Section five, the words “ of Justice.”  The words “ Commissioners of Her Majesty's,” in sections eight and nine.

c.72. - The Disused Burial Grounds Act, 1884. ! In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section three, to “ this Act.”

c. 73. -c. 75. - The Appropriation Act, 1884.  The Canal Bont3 Act, 1884* In part, namely,— Preamble.

c. 76. - The Post Office (Protection) Act, 1884.  In part, namely,—  Section two.  Section thirteen, from “The court before” to the end> of the section.  Section seventeen, to “as follows.”  Section twenty, the definition of the Treasury.  Section twenty-one and the schedule.

c. 77. - ; The Public Health (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1884-i In part, namely,—  Section two, the words “ Commissioners of the.” Section five.

' c. 78. - Tho Corrupt Practices (Supervision of Elections) Act, 1884.

48 & 49 Viet. c. 1. The Additional Income Tax Act, 1884.

c. 2. - The Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1884 (Sess. 2).

c. 3. - ! The Representation of the People Act, J884.  In part, namely,—  Section nine, subsection six, to “repealed,”' Section thirteen.  The Second Schedule.

c. 6. - The Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1885.

c.7. - 1 The Cape of G*x>d Hope (Advance) Act, 1885.  Digitized byCjOO^IC

84 Ch. 22.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1898*

61 & 62 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

48 & 49 Viet. c. 8. - The Army (Annual) Act, 1885.  In part, namely,—  Sections two, three, and schedule.

c.9. - The Municipal Voters Relief Act, 1885. In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section two, to “ this Act.” Section four, to “ this Act.”

c. 10. - The Elections (Hours of Poll) Act, 1885. In part, namely,—  Sections three and five.

c. 11. - The Egyptian Loan Act, 1885.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  The words “ Commissioners of Her Majesty's ” in sections three and four.

c. 12. - The Constabulary (Ireland) Redistribution Act, 1885.  In part, namely, —  Section one, from “ within three ” to “ thereafter,** and the word 4< succeeding.”  Sections two and three.

c. 13. - The Highway Act Amendment Act, 1885. In part, namely,—  Preamble.

c. 14. - The Consolidated Fund (No. 3) Act, 1885.

c. 15. - The Registration Act, 1885.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section seven, subsection one,from “in the present” to “ subsequent year.”  Section eight, to “ as follows.”  Section ten.  Section twelve, to u as follows.**  Section thirteen, subsections four and five.  Section fifteen, to “ repealed.**  Section seventeen.  Section eighteen.  Schedules.

c. 16. • The Registration Amendment (Scotland) Act, 1885.  In part, namely,—  Section three, subsection four, from “ and section five ” to “ is hereby repealed.”  Section nine, to “ repealed and.'*  , Section twelve, from “ And section ten '* to the end of the section.  Section sixteen.

Digitized by CjOO^Ic

1898.

Statute Law Revision , 1898.

Ch. 22. 85

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

48 &49 Viet. c. 17. - The Parliamentary Registration (Ireland) Act, 1885.  In part, namely,—  Sections one, ten, eleven and fourteen.  Section thirty, to “ enacted that.”  Section thirty-one.  Section thirty-two so far as it defines lord-lieutenant. First Schedule, Forms Nos. 1, 13, 16, 31.

C. 18. - The Metropolitan Streets A.ct, 1885. In part, namely,—  Preamble.

c. 19. - The Industrial Schools (Ireland) Act, 1885.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section two, the words “ to the lord-lieutenant.” Section nine, the words Commissioners of Her Majesty's”

c. 20. - The Barristers Admission (Ireland) Act, 18S4. In part, namely,—  Section one, to “ Act.”

c. 21. - The Burial Boards (Contested Elections) Act, 1865. . Iu part, namely,—  Preamble.

c. 23. - The Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885.  In part, namely,—  Section two, to “ any member ”  Section three.  Section four, to “ Parliament.”  Section five, to “ Parliament.”  Section six, to “ Parliament” and from “ and any” to the end of the section.  Section seven, to “Parliament ” where it first occurs and from “ held after ” to “ Parliament.”  Section eight, to “ Parliament ” where it first occurs. Section nine, to “ Parliament '* and from “ and the divisions ” to the end of subsection one.  Section twelve, from “Provided that” iu subsection . one to the end of that subsection.  Section fourteen, subsection two, paragraph (a) and in paragraph (6) the word ** subsequent.”  Sections seventeen and nineteen.  Section twenty-three, from “shall be determined” where t hose words first occur to “ subsequent years.” The definition of Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts in sections twenty-four and twenty-five.  Sections twenty-seven to thirty-four.  The first and third parts of the First Schedule.  The Eighth Schedule.

c. 25. - The Eapt India Unclaimed Stock Act, 1885.  In part, namely,—  Section two so far as it defines High Court and Banks of England and Ireland.  Section twenty-two, to “ enacted as follows.”

Digitized by ooQle

86 Ch. 22.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1898.

61 & 62 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Short Ttti*.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 26. - 1 The Yorkshire Registries Amendment Act, 1885. In part, namely,—  Section three, to 44 provided thait ”  Section five.

c. 23. - The East India Loan Act, 1885.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section three, from 4' issued ” to 44 as aforesaid.” Section fourteen, to 44provide and”

c. 30. - The Local Loans Sinking Funds Act, 18S5. In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section three.

c. 32. - The Tithe Rentcharge Redemption Act, 1835. In part, namely,—  Preamble.

c. 33. - The Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1885.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Sections one and two.  Section three, to 44 dissolved, and,” 44 from that date,” and from 44 The vestry ” to the end of the section. Sections four and five.  Section seven, from 44 The property, claims and demands ” to the end of the section.

34. - The Water Rate Definition Act, 1885. In part, namely,—  Preamble.

<5.35. - The Public Health (Ships, <fec.) Act, 1885. In part, namely,—  Preamble.

36. - The Artillery and Rifle Ranges Act, 1885. In part, namely,—  Preamble.

c. 37. - The Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1885.

<s. 38. - The School Boards Act, 1885.  In part, namely,—  Section one, to 44 hereby repealed ”  Section two, to 4‘ enacted as follows ” and subsections two and three.

c. 39. - The Cholera Hospitals (Ireland) Act, 1885.

<5. 41. - The Shannon Act, 1385. In part, namely,^ Preamble.

Digitized by Google

1898.

Statute. Law Revision Act, 1898.

Ch. 22. 87

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

48 & 49 Viet. c. 42. - The Greenwich Hospital Act, 1885.  In part, namely,—  Proamble.  Section two, from “as from” to “eighty-five.” Section eight.  The Schedule.

c. 44. -C.-48. - The Exchequer and Treasury Bills Act, 1885.  The Medical Relief Disqualification Removal Act, 1885. In part, namely,—  Section two, subsection two.  Section three, to “under it ” in subsection three.

c. 49. - The Submarine Telegraph Act, 1885.  In part, namely,—  Section thirteen, from “ shall come into force ” to “ Gazette, and ”

c. 50. - The Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1885.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Sections three to nine.  Section ten, to “ passing of this Act and ”  Section eleven, the first two paragraphs.  Section twelve, the first paragraph.  Section thirteen.  Section fourteen, the first paragraph.  Section sixteen, to “ Provided always that ”  Sections eighteen to twenty-four and twenty-six.  The words “ of Justice ” in sections thirty-two, thirty-four, thirty-five, and thirty-seven.  Schedules.

c. 51. -  ; The Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1885.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section two.  Section five, to “ eighty-five.”  Section ten.  Section eleven, to “ euacted that,” from “ one thousand ” to “ same day,” and the words “ Her Majesty's ” twice occurring and “ and Public Buildings ” and “ Forests and Land Revenues.”  Section fifteen, from “on or before” where those words first occur to “ eighty-five, and ” and the word “ subsequent.”  Section eighteen, the words “on or before the first day of December in the present year, or ” and the word “ subsequent.”  Sections twenty-two to twenty-four.  Section twenty-six, to “ enacted that ” and the words “the Commissioners of”  Section twenty-seven.  The Schedule.

c. 54. The Pluralities Acts Amendment Act, 1885. In part, namely,—  Section three, to “ instead thereof ” Section thirteen, to “ enacted that.”

Digitized by LjOOQle

88 Ch. 22.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1898.

61 & 62 Vicr.

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

48 & 49 Viet. c. 66. . The Parliamentary Elections Corrupt Practices Act, 1885. In part, namely,—  Preamble.

c. 57. - The Revising Barristers Act, 1885.

c. 58. - The Telegraph Act, 1885.  In part, namely,—  Section two, to “ as follows.”  The words **Commissioners of Her Majesty's” in , sections two and three.

c. 59. - The Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1885.

c. 60. . The Federal Council of Australasia Act, 1885. In part, uamely,—  Section seven to u Subsequent.”

c.61. . The-Secretary for Scotland Act, 1885.  In part, namely,—  Section five, the words “ Commissioners of Her Majesty's,” occurring twice.  Schedule, Part I., the reference to 42 A 43 Viet. c. 15., and to the Acts relating to Turnpikes Accounts, and to Artizans' and Labourers* Dwellings.

c.C2. . The Parliamentary Elections (Retnming Officers) Act, 1885. In part, namely,—  Preamble.

c. 63. - The Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks (Amendment) Act, 1885.  In part, namely,—  Section two, to “ enacted that.”  Section three, to “ as follows.”

c.61. . The Appropriation Act, 1885.

c. G5. - The Public Works Loans Act, 1883.

c. 6G. - The Registration Appeals (Ireland) Act, 1885.

c. 67. . The Indian Army Pension Deficiency Act, 1885.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section four, from “ beginning ” to “ eighty-five and ” The words “ Commissioners of Her Majesty's ” in sections four and five.

c 68. - The Metropolitan Police Staff Superannuation Act, 1885. In pnrt, namely,—  Preamble.

Digitized by CjOO^Ic

1898.

Statute Law Revision , 1898.

Ch. 22. 89

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

48 & 49 Vici. c. 69. - The Criminal Law Amendment Act, 1885.  In part, namely,—  Section four, the words “at the discretion of the Court” where they first occur, and from “or for any term ” to “ hard labour ” where those words next occur.  Section six, the words “at the discretion of the court” where they first occur, and from “or for any term ” to “ hard labour ” where those words next occur.  Section fourteen.  Section fifteen so far as it defines “The Summary Jurisdiction Acts.**  Section nineteen and the schedule.

c. 70. . The Sea Fisheries (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1885. In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section eight, to “ repealed.”

c. 71. - The County Officers and Courts (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1885.  In part, namely,—  Section one, to “passing of this Act” and the words “ Commissioners of the.”

* Section two* from “This Act shall also” to “respectively as aforesaid,** and the words “Commissioners of the ” in the last paragraph.

c. 72. - The Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1885.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section eight, to “ as follows.**  Section ten, the words “ or by the Labouring Classes Lodging-houses Act, 1851.”

c. 73. - The Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1885.  In part, namely,—  Section nineteen, from “ and in the meantime” to “to discharge,” and Ihc words “ all such duties,” and “ of Justice '* occurring twice.  Section twenty-two, from “ and so much ” to the end of the section.

c. 75. . The Prevention of Crimes Amendment Act, 1885. In part, namely,—  Preamble.

o. 77. - The Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1885.  In part, namely,—  Section twelve, subsection one.  Section twenty-three, to “ hereby repealed.'* Section twenty-six.

Digitized by v^ooQle

90 Ch. 22.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1898.

Cl & 62 Yict.

Reigu and Chapter. Short Title.

48 & 49 Yict. c. 78. - The Educationftl Endowments (Irelnnd) Act, 1885.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section one, the definition of “ the lord-lieutenant.” Section three.  Section four, from the Rijrht Honourable Gerald ” to “ Commissioners ” where that word next occurs. Section five, the words “Commissioners of the.”

c. 79. - The Crown Lands Act, 1885.  In part, namely,—  Section one, from “ Each of the ” to the end of the section.  Section two, to “ means ” and the words “ and those Commissioners.”  Section three, to “ enacted as follows.”  First Schedule.

49 & 50 Yict. c. 1. - The Land Registry Act, 1886. In part, namely,— Preamble.

c. 2. - The Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1836. In part, namely,—  Preamble.

c. 3. - The Marriages Validity Act, 1886. In part, namely,—  Preamble.

c. 4. The Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1886.

c. 6. • The Glebe Loan (Ireland) Acts Amendment Act, 1886.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section two, subsection one, and in subsection two the word “said.”

c. 7. - The Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1886.

c. 8. - The Army (Annual) Act, 1886. In part, namely,— Preamble.  Sections two and three. Schedule.

c. 9. - The Prison (Officers Superannuation) Act, 1886. In part, namely,—  Preamble.

c. 10. - The Contagious Diseases Acts Repeal Act, 1886.

c. 11. - The Metropolitan Police (Compensation) Act, 1886.

c. 12. - The Bankruptcy (Office Accommo lation) Act, 1886. In part, namely,—  1 Preamble.

- Digitized byCjOO^lC

189S.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1898.

Ch. 22. 91

Reign and Chapter.  1 Short Title.

49 & 50 Viet. c. 13. - The Cape Eace Lighthouse Act, 1886.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section two, to “in respect thereof,” and the words “ Her heirs and successors,” and subsection (3).

c. 14. - The Marriage Act, 1886.  In part, namely,—  Section one, subsection (1) to “ Act.”

c. 15. - The Sporting Lands Eating (Scotland) Act, 1886. In part, namely,—  Section one.  Section four.

c. 16. - The Lunacy (Vacating of Seats) Act, 1886.  In part, namely,—  Section two, to “ passing of this Act”  Section three, the words tcof Justice.”

c. 17. •» The Poor Relief (Ireland) Act, 1S86.  In part, namely,—  Sections two and four.  Section nine, the words “ Her heirs or successors.” Section ten.  Section eleven, the words “ Commissioners of Her Majesty's.”

c. 18. - The Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1886. In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Sections two and four to eight.

c. 20. - The Burial of Drowned Persons Act, 1886. In part, namely,—  Preamble.

c. 21. - The Burial Grounds (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1886.

c. 22. - The Metropolitan Police Act, 1886.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section one, from “ The Acts ” where those words first occur to “ mentioned ” where it next occurs.  Section seven, the definitions of‘Secretary of State and Treasury.  Section eight.  The Second Schedule.

c 23. - The Companies Act, 1886.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section six, the words “ shall come into force from the passing of this Act, and”

Digitized by v^ooQle

92 Ch. 22.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1898.

G1 & 62 Vict.

Keign and Chapter. Short Title.

49 h 50 Viet. c. 24. - The Peace Preservation (Ireland) Continuance Act, 1886.  In part, namely,—  Section two, to “ this Act.” •  Section three, from “ The return ” to the end of the section.

c. 25. - The Idiots Act, 1886. In part, namely,— Preamble. Section three.

c. 26. - The Appropriation Act, 1886.

c. 27. - The Guardianship of Infants Act, 1886.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  The words “of Justice” wherever they occur in sections six, nine, ten, eleven, and thirteen.

c. 29. - The Crofters Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1886.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section eighteen, from *after” to “eighty-six.” Section thirty-four, the definition of Treasury.

c. 30. - The Patriotic Fund Act, 1886. In part, namely,— Preamble.  Section four.

c. 31. - The Oxford University (Justices) Act, 1886. In part, namely,—  Preamble.

c. 33. • The International Copyright Act, 1886.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section one, subsection (2), from “are in this” to “those Acts,” where those words next occur, and from “ may be cited ” to “ those Acts.”  Section twelve to “ as follows ” and subsection (6). The Third Schedule.

c. 34. - ' The Incumbents of Benefices Loans Extension Act, 1886.

c. 35. - The British North America Act, 1886. In part, namely,—  Preamble.

CO  a*  • The West Indian Incumbered Estates Act, 1886. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's dominions.

c. 37. - The Patents Act, 1886.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section three, to “ as follows.”

1898

Statute Law Revision , 1898.

Ch. 22. 93

Keign and Chapter. •Short Title.

49 & 50 Viet. c. 38. - The Riot (Damages) Act, 1386.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section nine, the definition of Secretary of State. Section ten, subsection (1).  The Second Schedule.

c. 39. • The Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1886.  In part, namely,—  Section two.  Section three, to “ Act ” where it first occurs, and tho words “ from and after the commencement of this Act” where they last occur.

c. 41. - The Customs Amendment Act, 1886. In part, namely,—  Section one, to “ lieu thereof.”

c. 42. - The Revising Barristers Act, 1886.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section two, the words “ of Justice.”  Section three, down to “ 1843 ” where it first occurs. Section four.

c. 43. • The Revising Barristers (Ireland) Act, 1886.  In part, namely,—  Section three, the definitions of Lord-Lieutenant and Treasury.

c. 45. - The Public Works Loans Act, 1886. In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Sections two to nine.

c. 46. - The Public Works Loans (Ireland) Act, 1886.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section one, the words M Commissioners of Her Majesty's.”

c. 48. - The Medical Act, 1886.  In part, namely,—  Section six, to “ day.”  Section seven, to “ Act ” where it first occurs, and subsection two, to “ Act; but ”  Section eight, subsection eight.  Section eleven, to “ day ” where it first occurs, and the word “ said ” wherever it occurs before “ prescribed.” Section twelve, to “ day ” where it first occurs, and the word “ said ” wherever it occurs before “ prescribed.” Section sixteen, to “ day.”  Section twenty-six, from “There shall be repealed” to “ branch council, and ”  Section twenty-eight and the schedule.

c. 49. - The Peterhead Harbour of Refuge Act, 1886. In part, namely,—  Preamble.

Digitized by v^ooQle

94 Ch.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1898,

G1 & 62 Vict.

ljeign and Chapter. • Short Title.

49 & 50 Vict. c. 50. - The Removal Terms (Scotland) Act 188G. In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section two.

c. 51. - The Poor Law Loans and Relief (Scotland) Act, 1886. In part, namely,—  Preamble.

c. 52. - The Married Women (Maintenance in case of Desertion) Act, 1886.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section one, to “ Act ”

c. 53. - The Sea Fishery Boats (Scotland) Act, 1886. In part, namely,—  Preamble.

c. 54. - The Extraordinary Tithe Redemption Act, 1886.  In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Sections one and two.  Section four, subsection five, the words “ of Justice.” Section five, in subsection two the words “the Governors of”  Section thirteen, the words “ after the passing of this Act.”  Provided that this repeal shall not extend to any extraordinary charge the capital value of which has not been certified.

c. 55. - The Shop Hours Regulation Act, 1586.

c. 56. - The Intoxicating Liquors (Sale to Children) Act, 1886. In part, namely,—  Preamble.  Section five.

c. 57. - The Parliamentary Elections (Returning Officers) Act (1875) Amendment Act, 1886.  In part, namely,—  Section one, the words “of Justice” wherever they occur.

c. 58. - The Returning Officers (Scotland) Act, 1886. In part, namely,—  Preamble.

c. 59. - The Labourers (Ireland) Act, 188G.  In part, namely,—  Section four, to “ repealed.”  Section seven, to “enacted as follows.”  Section eight, in subsection four the words “ of Justice.” Section eighteen.

'V Digitized by CjOO^Ic

1898.

Statute Law Revicion Act, 1898. Gh. 22, 23. 95

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

50 Viet. C. 1.  c. 2. -c. 3. • c. 4. -c. 5. The Appropriation Act, 1886, Session 2.  Tho Secret Service Money (Repeal) Act, 1886. The Submarine Telegraph Act, 1886.  The Belfast Commission Act, 1886.  The Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1886.

SECOND PART.

Reign and Chapter. | Short Title.

28 & 29 Viet. c. 88. - The Record of Title Act (Ireland), 1865.  In part, namely,—  Preamble, and to “ os follows.”  Section one, from “ and shall ” to the end of the section.  Section twelve, the words “ her heirs and successors.” Section fifty-five, from “ on or before ” to “ next.” Section sixty-seven, from “ after ” to “ operation ” and the words “ or other chief Governor or Governors of Ireland.”

CHAPTER 23.

An Act to amend the Union of Benefices Act, 1860.

[25th July 1898.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. A scheme for the removal of a church or parsonage under the Extension Union of Benefices Act, 1860, may be made if it provides for the P^r erection of another church or parsonage for a benefice in the schemes, vicinity of the metropolis, and any benefice within or partly within 23 & 24 Viet, the Metropolitan Police District shall for the purposes of that Act c* 142‘ and this Act be deemed to be in the vicinity of the metropolis.

2. This Act may be cited as the Union of Benefices Act, 1898 ; Short title, and the Union of Benefices Act, 1860, and this Act may be cited together as the Union of Benefices Acts, 1860 and 1898.

y*

Digitized by L*ooQie

96

Cff. 24,

Greenwich Hospital Act, 1898. Cl & 62 Vict

Gifts of property for the benefit of navy or marines.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 89.

Repeal of 28 8c, 29 Vict. c. 89. s. 29.

Invalids in hospitals, &c. 32 Sc 33 Vict c. 44.

Alteration of maximum of Greenwich Hospital pensions.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 44.

Explanation of 46 8c, 47 Vict. c. 32. s. 8.

Short title.

CHAPTER 24.

An Act to amend the Greenwich Hospital Acts, 1865 to 1892. [25th July 1898.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :

1.—(1.) Section forty-three of the Greenwich Hospital Act, 1865, shall extend to authorise the gift of property to the Admiralty to be held for the benefit of officers, non-commissioned officers, or men of the royal navy or marines, or of their widows, children, or dependents, and property so given shall be held in accordance with the directions of that section, and be applied as the Admiralty, having regard to the terms of the gift, may direct.

(2.) The property devised in the year one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six by Jane Douglas Rotely “ to the Lords of the English “ Admiralty or other the proper authorities for the purpose to “ be applied for the benefit of the British Government School “ in England constituted for the education of sons of officers of “ the British Navy and Marines ” shall be held as if given in pursuance of the powers conferred by the foregoing provisions of this section, and shall be applied for the education of sons of officers of the royal navy or marines as the Admiralty may direct, but subject and without prejudice to any claims affecting that property.

2. Section twenty-nine of the Greenwich Hospital Act, 1865, is hereby repealed.

3. Non-commissioned officers or men may under section four of the Greenwich Hospital Act, 1869, be sent to any hospital or infirmary, and the word “ naval ” in that section is hereby repealed.

4. The maximum limit of special Greenwich Hospital pensions under section five of the Greenwich Hospital Act, 1869, shall be forty-five pounds twelve shillings and sixpence a year instead of thirty-six pounds ten shillings a year and twenty-seven pounds ten shillings a year in the respective cases referred to in that section.

5. Nothing in section eight of the Greenwich Hospital Act, 1883, shall be deemed to have vested or to vest in the Admiralty any term of years which since the passing of that section has or would but for that section have vested in any trustee on behalf of the Admiralty in connexion with any mortgage.

6. This Act may be cited as the Greenwich Hospital Act, 1898, and may be cited with the Greenwich Hospital Acts, 1865 to 1892.

Google

1893.

Pharmacy Ads Amendment Act, 1898.

Ch. 25.

97

CHAPTER 25.

An Act to amend the Pharmacy Acts, 1852 and 1868.

[25th July 1898.]

EE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

•and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. In this Act the term “ chemist and druggist ” shall have the Interpretation, same meaning as in the Pharmacy Act, 1868, and “ the Society ” shall mean the Pharmaceutical Society of Great Britain.

2. Every person who at the time of the passing of this Act shall “ Apprentices have been duly registered as an “apprentice or student,” and who, ^bi^tobe under the provisions set forth in section ten of the Pharmacy Act, elected 1852, has been admitted to and at that time remains in the Society “student as a “ student,” shall be registered as a “ student-associate ” of the Society ; and every person who at the time of the passing of this c. 56.

Act shall have been duly registered, or who thereafter shall become registered as an “ apprentice or student,” shall be eligible to be elected a “ student-associate ” of the Society according to the byelaws thereof.

3. Every persbn who at the time of the passing of this Act shall Registered have been registered as a chemist and druggist, or who shall here- aod

after become registered as a chemist and druggist, shall be eligible eliable t*o to be elected a “ member ” of the Society according to the byelaws be elected thereof. “members.”

4. In lieu of the provisions contained in the Royal Charter of Retirement Incorporation of the Society, whereby it is provided that two-thirds of member* of the members of the Council shall in every year go out of office, council by the following provisions shall, after the passing of this Act, have rotation, effect:—

1. On the ordinary day of election of members of the Council in every year seven members of the Council shall go out of office, and the vacancies shall be filled by election, the retiring members being eligible for re-election :

2. The seven members who go out shall be the members of the Council who have been longest in office without re-election :

3. If and whenever the number of the members of the Council who have been longest in office without re-election shall exceed seven, the members of the Council to retire shall be determined from these by lot.

5. At all meetings of the Society at which votes shall be given Voting papers for the election of officers, all or any of the votes may be given for election either personally or by voting papers, in a form to be defined in the of officers; byelaws of the said Society, or in a form to the like effect, such

G

Digitized by k^ooQle

98

Ch. 28, 26. Pharmacy Acts Amendment Act, 1898. 61 & 62 Vicr.

Extent of Act.

Short title of Act.

Repeal.

Court empowered to grant relief for non-com* pliance with 80 & 31 Viet. c. 181. h. 25.

voting papers being received by the secretary, under cover, not later than twelve o'clock noon on the day on which the election takes place.

0. This Act shall not extend to Ireland.

7. This Act may be cited as the Pharmacy Acts Amendment Act, 1898.

8. The enactments mentioned in the schedule to this Act to the extent specified in the third column of that schedule are hereby repealed.

SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

15 & 16 Viet. c. 56. • Pharmacy Act, 1852 In section ten, the words “ and ** every such person ^ duly “ registered as an assistant “ shall be eligible for admis-“ sion as an associate of the ** said Society.'*

31 A 32 Viet. o. 121. Pharmacy Act, 1868 Sections eighteen, nineteen, twenty, and twenty-one.

CHAPTER 26.

An Act to amend, the Companies Act, 1867.

[2nd August 1898.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1.—(1.) Whenever, before or after the commencement of this Act, any shares in the capital of any company under the Companies Acts, 1862 and 1890, credited as fully or partly paid up shall have been or may be issued for a consideration other than cash, and at or before the issue of such shares no contract or no sufficient contract is filed with the Registrar of Joint Stock Companies, in compliance with section twenty-five of the Companies Act, 1867, he company or any person interested in such shares or any of

Google

IS98. Companies Act, 1898* Ch. 26. 99

them may apply to the court for relief, and the court, if satisfied that the omission to file a contract or sufficient contract was accidental or due to inadvertence, or that for any reason it is just and equitable to grant relief, may make an order for the filing with the registrar of a sufficient contract in writing, and directing that on such contract being filed within a specified period it shall, in relation to such shares, operate as if it had been duly filed with the registrar aforesaid before the issue of such shares.

(2.) Any such application may be made in the manner in which an application to rectify the register of members may be made under section thirty-five of the Companies Act, 1862, and either 25 & 26 Viet, before or after an order has been made or an effective resolution c-89* has been passed for the winding-up of such company, and either before or after the commencement of any proceedings for enforcing the liability'- on such shares consequent on the omission aforesaid, and any such application shall, if not made by the company, be served on the company.

(3 ) Any such order may be made on such terms and conditions as the court may think fit, and the court may make such order as to costs as it deems proper, and may direct that an office copy of the order shall be filed with the registrar aforesaid, and the order shall in all respects have full effect.

(4.) Where the court in any such case is satisfied that the filing of the requisite contract would cause delay or inconvenience, or is impracticable, it may, in lieu thereof, direct the filing of a memorandum in writing, in a form approved by the court, specifying the consideration for which the shares were issued, and may direct* that on such memorandum being filed within a specified period it shall in relation to such shares operate as if it were a sufficient contract in writing within the meaning of section twenty-five of the Companies Act, 1867, and had been duly filed with the registrar aforesaid before the issue of such shares. The memorandum shall before the filing thereof be stamped with the same amount of ad valorem stamp duty as would be chargeable upon the requisite contract unless the contract has been produced to the registrar duly stamped, or unless the registrar is otherwise satisfied that the contract was duly stamped.

2. The jurisdiction by the Act given to the court is not by Jurisdiction implication to curtail or derogate from its jurisdiction to gi ant cumulat,ve* relief in any such case under section thirty-five of the Companies Act, 1862, or otherwise.

3. Th:s Act may be cited as the Companies Act, 1898, and shall Short tide be read with the Companies Acts, 1862 to 1893. •ndconetn

G 2

Digitized by LjOOQle

100

Ch. 27.

I ale of Man ( Customs) Act, 1898. 61 & 62 Vict.

Dnty on spirits and tobacco.

Short title.j

8. d.

9 6

9 6

9 6 9 6

CHAPTER 27.

An Act to amend the Law with respect to Customs Duties in the Isle of Man. [2nd August 189S.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :

1.—(1.) In lieu of the duties of Customs now payable on spirits and tobacco imported or brought into the Isle of Man, there shall be levied the following duties :—

Spirits, namely:—

Brandy, Geneva, and other foreign spirits

the gallon

Rum, including shrub, of the British possessions

the gallon

British or Irish spirits not otherwise exempted from payment of duty - - the gallon

Liqueurs, or cordials, and mixed or sweetened spirits - the gallon

All such spirits shall be computed at hydrometer proof; provided that where a person importing liqueurs, cordials, or mixed or sweetened spirits in bottle, has entered the same in such a manner as to indicate that the strength is not to be tested, duty shall be levied and paid at the rate per gallon of - - - - - 10

Perfumed spirits - the gallon 10

Tobacco, manufactured:—

Cigars -

Cavendish or Negrohead Cavendish or Negrohead, manufactured in bond -

Other manufactured tobacco -Snuff containing more than 13 lbs. of moisture in every 100 lbs. weight thereof -

Snuff not containing more than 13 lbs. of moisture in every 100 lbs. weight thereof -

Tobacco, unmanufactured:—

Containing 10 lbs. or more of moisture in every 100 lbs. weight thereof -Containing less than 10 lbs. of moisture in every 100 lbs. weight thereof (2.) The said duties on spirits shall be leviable and payable as from the twenty-seventh day of May, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight, and the said duties on tobacco shall be leviable and payable as from the sixteenth day of Ma}*, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight.

T 2. This Act may be cited as the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1898.

the lb. the lb.

the lb. the lb.

5

3

3

3

6

6

0

10

5

5

- the lb. 3 2

- the lb. 3 10

- the lb. 2 8

- the lb. 3 0

Digitized by ^ooQle

Oh. 28.

101

.1898. Mussels, Periwinkles,and Cockles

(.Ireland) Act, 1898.

CHAPTER 28.

An Act to develop the Fisheries of Mussels in Ireland.

[2nd August 1898.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Inspectors of Irish Fisheries are hereby empowered from time to time to make, alter, and revoke byelaws, rules, orders, or regulations, in the manner and under the regulations set forth in the Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1842, dealing with the mussel, periwinkle, and cockle fisheries of Ireland, and all the provisions relating to byelaws, rules, orders, and regulations, and to an appeal against the same, and to the enforcing of same, contained in the said Act, shall apply to byelaws, rules, orders, and regulations made, altered, or revoked under the provisions of this Act.

2. The Inspectors of Irish Fisheries are hereby empowered, in any case where they may deem it expedient, to make a byelaw fixing a period or periods in each year within which it shall not be lawful to take or attempt to take any mussels, periwinkles, or cockles, from any locality specified in said byelaw, or to have in possession or custody, or sell or attempt to sell, mussels, periwinkles, or cockles taken from said locality.

3. The Inspectors of Irish Fisheries are hereby empowered in any case where they may deem it expedient to make a byelaw either upon the application of any person interested, or in the absence of such an application, fixing a period, not exceeding three years, during which it shall not be lawful to take or attempt to take mussels, periwinkles, or cockles from any locality specified in said byelaw.

4. Section fourteen of the Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1869, shall extend to and include mussel beds, periwinkle beds, and cockle beds, and the Inspectors of Irish Fisheries are hereby empowered to grant in respect of the said beds the licences mentioned in said section fourteen.

5. Sections five to sixteen, inclusive, of the Oyster Fishery (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1866, shall extend to and include mussel beds and mussel fisheries, periwinkle beds and periwinkle fisheries, and cockle beds and cockle fisheries.

6. In the construction of sections five to sixteen, inclusive, of the said last-mentioned Act the term “ Commissioners ” shall mean the Inspectors of Irish Fisheries, and the term u owner of lands ” shall have the meaning assigned to it in section three of the said Act.

7. Officers and men of the Royal Irish Constabulary and Dublin Metropolitan Police shall have power to enforce the provisions of

Power to make byelaws with respect to mussels, &c. fisheries.

Close season for mussels, &c. fishing.

Byelaws may be made on application of persons interested.

Extension of 32 & 33 Viet, c. 92.

Extension of 29 & 30 Viet, c. 97.

Interpretation of terms.

Employment of constabulary.

Digitized by v^ooQle

102

Ch. 28, 29.

Enforcing of orders under 40 & 41 Viet.

c. 42. s. 10.

Short title.

Provisions as to the weight carried by waggons.

24 & 25 Viet, c. 70.

41 & 42 Viet. C 77.

Weight o' waggons to be affixed thereon.

Mussel*, Periwinkles, and Cockles 61 & 62 V ict.

{Irdand) A, 1898.

any byelaw made and approved in accordance with the powers conferred by this Act

8. Any order made by the Inspectors of Irish Fisheries, with the approval of the Lord Lieutenant, under the provisions of section ten of the Fisheries (Oyster, Crab, and Lobster) Act, 1877, shall and may be enforced by the persons appointed by the Inspectors of Irish Fisheries, with the approval of the Lord Lieutenant, under section twelve of the same Act.

9. Tliis Act may be cited as the Mussels, Periwinkles, and Cockles (Ireland) Act, 1898.

CHAPTER 29.

An Act to amend the Law with respect to the use of Locomotives on Highways, and with respect ta extraordinary Traffic. [2nd August 1898.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :

1.—(1.) The council of a municipal borough as regards any highway situated in the borough, and the county council as regards any highway situated in their county but not in a borough, may permit any waggons drawn or propelled by a locomotive on the highway to carry weights in excess of those mentioned in section four of the Locomotive Act, 1861.

(2.) If any person without such permission uses any waggon drawn or propelled by a locomotive on any highway to carry weights in excess of those mentioned in section four of the Locomotive Act, 1861, as amended by this Act, or, being the owner of the waggon, permits it so to be used, that person shall be liable for each offence, on summary conviction, to a fine* not exceeding ten pounds.

(3.) The proviso to section four of the Locomotive Act, 1861, is hereby repealed, and in lieu thereof it is enacted as follows:— Provided that the regulation of weight herein mentioned shall not extend to any waggon carrying only one block, plate, cable, roll, vessel of stone or metal, or other single article, being of greater weight than sixteen tons, but the fellies, tires, or shoes of such waggon shall not be less than eight inches in breadth, and any damage arising from the user of any such waggon shall be deemed to be damage caused by excessive weight within the meaning of section twenty-three of the Highways and Locomotives Amendment Act, 1878, as amended by this Act.

2. The weight unloaded of every waggon drawn or propelled by a locomotive shall hi conspicuously and legibly affixed thereon, and eveiy owner not having affixed such weight shall be liable for each offence, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding five pounds,

Digitized by LjOOQle

1898.

Locomotives ,1898,

Ch. 29.

103

and any owner who shall fraudulently affix thereon any incorrect weight shall be liable for each offence, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

3.—(1.) A locomotive more than three loaded used for carrying water so far as regards highways situated in a municipal borough, of the council of the borough, and, so far as regards highways not so situated, of the county council.

(2.) If any person uses a locomotive in contravention of this section, or being an owner of a locomotive permits it to be so used, that person shall be liable for each offence, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

shall not be used on any highway to draw Limit to waggons (exclusive of any waggon solely number of for the locomotive) without the consent, waggons

4.—(1.) Road authorities shall have power to erect in their Erection and districts machines for weighing locomotives and loaded waggons ose of weighing drawn by them, and shall have power by their servants to require mac mfcS' the persons in charge of such locomotives and waggons to proceed thither for the purpose of having such locomotives and waggons weighed: Provided that the road authority making such requirement shall pay for any loss caused by the delay if the weight should be found to bi within the limits authorised by law, and that any person in charge of a locomotive who refuses or neglects to comply with any such requirement shall be liable for each offence, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

(2.) Where a road authority and the engine owner fail to agree as to the amount of compensation to be paid under this section, the differences between them shall be settled by arbitration under the Arbitration Act, 1889. 52 & 53 Viet.

Where a road authority weighs locomotives and waggons under °* 49‘ this section, a certificate of weight shall be given which shall exempt such locomotives and waggons from being weighed during the continuance of that journey.

(3.) For the purposes of this section the council of any county

borough and any district council may borrow under and subject to

the provisions of the Public Health Act, 1875. 38 & 39 Viet,

c. 55.

5.—(1.) When a locomotive is passing on any highway— Regulations

(a) two persons shall be employed in driving or attending to fpriocomo-the locomotive, and on high wap.

(o) m the case of any locomotive not being a steam roller . another person shall be employed to accompany the locomotive in such a manner as to be able to give assistance to any person with horses or carriages drawn , by horses meeting or overtaking the locomotive, and shall give such assistance when required; and

(e) when a locomotive is drawing more than three waggens, another person shall be employed for the purpose of attending to the waggons:

Provided that it shall not be necessary in the case of two locomotive plough engines (including their necessary gear) closely following one another, to employ more than five persons in all

/

Digitized by LjOOQle

104

Cn. 29.

Locomotives Act, 1898.

61 & 02 Vicr.

Restriction of locomotive traffic by byelaw.

tinder the foregoing enactment, but one of these persons shall be employed to accompany the engines and give assistance in manner thereby required.

(2.) So long as the fires of a locomotive are alight, or the locomotive contains in itself sufficient motive power to move it, one person shall remain in attendance whilst it is on any highway although it is stationary.

(3.) The lights required to be carried on a locomotive, whether stationary or passing on any highway, shall be carried between the hours of one hour after sunset and one hour before sunrise during-the six months beginning the first day of April in any year, and between sunset and sunrise during the six months beginning the first day of October in any year, and there shall be carried in-addition during those hours an efficient red light on the rear of the locomotive, or if it is drawing waggons on the rear of the last waggon, fixed in such a manner as to be conspicuous.

(4.) Every light carried on a locomotive, or on a waggon drawn, by a locomotive, shall be fitted with such shutters or other contrivances as will enable the light to be temporarily screened in an effective manner.

(o.) If any of the provisions of this section are not complied with in the case of any locomotive, the owner of the locomotive shall be liable for each offence, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

6.—(1.) The council of a county and of any borough containing, according to the census of one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one, a population of ten thousand or upwards, may by byelaw—

(a) prohibit or restrict the use of locomotives on any specified highway in their county or borough on account of the highway being crowded or unfitted for locomotive traffic, or of the inconvenience caused to inhabitants, or of any other reasonable cause; and

(b) regulate the use of locomotives and of waggons drawn by locomotives on any highway ; and

(c) prohibit or restrict the use of a locomotive on any specified bridge in their county or borough, if they are satisfied that such bridge is unsuited for locomotive traffic, or that such use would be attended with damage to the bridge or danger to the public.

Provided that the council of any such county or borough may, where their byelaw prohibits the use of locomotives on any highway, give special authority for the use of a locomotive on the highway, if in any case it appears necessary for the purpose of the delivery of goods or for any other particular purpose. Provided also that the council of any such county or borough shall not give any such special authority for the use of a locomotive on any bridge except with consent of the person liable to the repair of such bridge, and the council of any such county or borough may with such consent give such special authority subject to payment being made by the person applying for such special authority to the person liable to the repair of such bridge of

1898.

Locomotives , 1898.

Ch. 29.

105

the cost of temporarily strengthening such bridge on each occasion of such use.

(2.) If any person in charge of a locomotive acts in contravention of any byelaw under this section, and without any such special authority, he shall be liable for each offence, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(3.) Any byelaw made under this section shall be subject to confirmation by the Local Government Board, and sections one hundred and eighty-four, one hundred and eighty-five, and one hundred and eighty-six of the Public Health Act, 1875 (which relate to the confirmation, printing, and evidence of byelaws), shall accordingly apply to any byelaws under this section as they apply to byelaws made by a local authority under that Act. Provided that, in addition to the notice of intention to apply for confirmation of any byelaw which is required by section one hundred and eighty-four of the said Act, notice of such intention shall in the case of any byelaw made under this section be given in the London Gazette one month at least before making the application.

(4.) The Local Government Board in connexion with the confirmation of any byelaw under this section shall have all proper regard to the necessities of through locomotive traffic, and of persons who own or uso locomotives, and shall consider any representations made to them by any local authority concerned, and shall also have regard to the advantage of byelaws being uniform in adjoining areas except where uniformity is, in their opinion, made inexpedient by difference in the circumstances of the areas.

(5.) The mayor, aldermen, and commons of the city of London may make byelaws under this section as to the city of London in the same manner as the council of a borough.

(6.) For the purpose of byelaws under this section, a borough, the council of which may make such byelaws, shall not form part of the administrative county in which it is situate.

7.— (1.) Where the owner of a locomotive is aggrieved by any restriction or prohibition placed, either before or after the passing of this Act, on the passing of locomotives over any bridge, either under section six of the Locomotive Act, 1861, or under any byelaw made under this Act, or any enactment repealed by this Act, that owner may appeal to the Local Government Board, and that Board, if they consider that the bridge is sufficient to bear the weight of locomotives, and that there is no other reasonable cause for imposing the restriction or prohibition, may order the restriction or prohibition to be removed, or, if they consider that it may reasonably be varied in any respect, to be varied.

(2.) The authority by whom a restriction or prohibition has been imposed shall comply within a time to be specified in the order with any order of the Local Government Board made under this section.

(3.) The Local Government Board may determine any appeal under this section either as arbitrators or otherwise at their option, and, where they determine any such appeal as arbitrators, section

Google

38 & 3d Viet, c. 55.

Appeal aga'nst restrictions on passing over bridges.

24 & 25 Viet, c. 70.

106

51 & 52 Viet, c. 41.

59 & 60 Viet, c. 9.

Locomotives not to meet on a bridge.

Licences for locomotives.

Ch. 29. Locomotives , 1893. 61 & 62 Vict.

sixty-three of the Local Government Act, 1888, as amended by the Local Government (Determination of Differences) Act, 1896, shall apply for the purpose.

(4.) An order of the Local Government Board under this section with regard to any bridge shall not prevent the imposition of any restriction or prohibition with regard to the bridge at a future time, if the authority having power to impose the restriction or prohibition consider that it is necessary to do so, having regard to any change in the circumstances of the bridge or the traffic, but the imposition of any such restriction or prohibition shall be subject to appeal under this section.

(5.) The Local Government Board may refuse to consider any appeal under this section with regard to any bridge if the question raised by the appeal has been already considered by them either on the confirmation of a byelaw or under a former appeal.

(6.) In the case of any bridge which a railway company is liable to repair, the Board of Trade shall be substituted for the Local Government Board, and this section shall be read and construed accordingly.

8. No locomotive shall be taken across any bridge so as to meet or pass any other locomotive upon such bridge, and any person who acts in contravention of this section shall be subject, on summary conviction, to a penalty not exceeding five pounds for every offence.

9. —(1.) Every locomotive shall be licensed by a county council, provided that this enactment shall not apply to any agricultural locomotive, to any locomotive not used for haulage purposes, to any steam roller, or to any locomotive belonging to a road authority when used by them within their district.

(2.) The licence shall be taken out in the county in which the locomotive is at the time ordinarily used, or to be used, and shall remain in force for one year from the date on which it is granted and no longer: Provided that, if any question arises as to the county in which a licence is to be taken out under this section, such question shall be determined by agreement between the chairmen of the councils of the counties concerned, or in case of their failing to agree by an arbitrator appointed by them, or in their default by the Local Government Board.

(3.) The council of a county shall grant a licence under this section on the payment of a fee not exceeding ten pounds if the weight of the locomotive (exclusive of water and coal) is not more than ten tons, with an addition not exceeding two pounds for every ton or fraction of a ton by which that weight exceeds ten tons in the case of a locomotive exceeding that weight.

(4.) The council of a county shall on the grant of a licence provide the person to whom the licence is granted with a licence plate, having marked upon it the date and number of the licence and the name of the council by which it is granted.

(5.) The licence plate shall be fixed in a conspicuous position to the locomotive in respect of which it is provided, and shall not be

Digitized by LjOoq Le

1898.

Locomotives Act, 1898.

Ch. 29.

107

removed, whilst the licence is in force, without the consent of the council by whom the licence has been granted.

(6.) A licence may, with the consent of the council by which it has been granted, be transferred from one locomotive to another locomotive belonging to the same owner.

(7.) "Where a locomotive is licensed in accordance with this section in any county, an additional licence may be taken out in any other county in the same manner and subject to the same provisions as in the case of the original licence, except that such additional licence shall expire on the same date as the original licence, and except that with regard to the payment to be made for licences a fee not exceeding five pounds shall be substituted for a fee not exceeding ten pounds, and an addition not exceeding one pound for an addition not exceeding two pounds.

(8.) A locomotive in respect of which such an additional licence granted under this section by the council of any county is in force shall for the purpose of the use of the locomotive in that county be deemed to be licensed in that county.

(9.) A locomotive shall not be used on any highway in a county in which it is not licensed, except on paymeut to the council of the county of a fee not exceeding two shillings and sixpence for each day on which it is so used.

(10.) If any person—

(а) uses on any highway a locomotive which is required to be, but is not, licensed in accordance with this section ; or

(б) uses a locomotive on any highway in a county in which the locomotive is not licensed without payment of the fee required by this section ; or

(c) fails to affix the licence plate to a locomotive in accordance with this section, or removes it in contravention thereof,

that person shall be liable for each offence, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

(11.) Any sums received on account of fees under this section, shall be carried to the county fund.

10.—(1.) All locomotives not required to be licensed under this Agricultural Act shall be registered in the county in which they are ordinarily used or to be used in such manner as the county council may rollers, direct.

(2.) The county council may charge such a fee not exceeding two shillings and sixpence for registration under this section as they think fit, and on registration shall provide the person applying for registration with a plate with the registered number marked upon it.

(3.) The plate shall be fixed in a conspicuous position to the locomotive in respect of which it is provided, and shall not be removed without the consent of the council by whom the locomotive is registered.

Digitized by ^ooQie

108 Ch. 29. Locomotives Act, 1898. 61 & G2 Yict.

Penalty for forgiDg licence or registration plate.

Amendments as to proceedings for extraordinary traffic damage.

Power of owner of locomotive to exempt himself from fine on the conviction of the actual offender.

(4.) If any person —

(a) uses on any highway a locomotive which is required to be but is not registered in accordance with this section ; or

(b) fails to affix the registration plate in accordance with this section, or removes it in contravention thereof,

that person shall be liable for each offence, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(5.) Any sums received on account of fees for registration under this section shall be carried to the county fund.

(6.) This section shall not apply in the case of the use by any road authority of steam rollers belonging to them within their district.

11. Every person who shall forge, counterfeit, or tamper with, or who shall cause or procure to be forged, counterfeited, or tampered with, any licence plate, or registration plate, or who shall knowingly use any locomotive having thereon a licence plate or registration plate which has been forged, counterfeited, or tampered with, shall be liable, on summary conviction, to pay a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

12. —(1.) Section twenty-three of the Highways and Locomotives (Amendment) Act, 1878 (which relates to the recovery of expenses of extraordinary traffic), shall be amended as follows :—

(a.) Expenses under that section shall cease to be recoverable in a summary manner, but may be recovered if not exceeding two hundred and fifty pounds in the County Court, and if exceeding that sum in the High Court.

(b.) Proceedings for the recovery of any expenses incurred after the passing of this Act shall be commenced within twelve months of the time at which the damage has been done, or where the damage is the consequence of aiiy particular building contract, or work extending over a long period, shall be commenced not later than six months after the completion of the contract or work.

(c.) There shall be substituted for the words " by whose order ” the words “ by or in consequence of whose order.”

(2.) Nothing in this section shall affect the prosecution and determination of any proceedings which have been commenced before this Act shall come into operation.

13. —(1.) Where an offence under any Act or byelaw relating to locomotives on highways, for which the owner of a locomotive or waggon is liable to a penalty, has, in fact, been committed by some servant, workman, or other person, that servant, workman, or other person shall be liable to the same penalty as if he were the owner.

(2.) Where the owner is charged with any such offence, he shall be entitled upon information duly laid by him to have any other person whom he charges as the actual offender brought before the court at the time appointed for hearing the charge, and if, after the commission of the offence has been proved, the owner

Digitized by boogie

1898.

Locomotives Act, 1898.

Ch. 29.

109

proves to the satisfaction of the court that ho had used due diligence to enforce the execution of the Act, and that the other person had committed the offence in question without the owner's knowledge, consent, or connivance, that other person shall be summarily convicted of the offence, and the owner shall be exempt from any fine.

14. For the purposes of this Act the council of a county or Action of borough may act through their surveyor or other authorised officer.

15. —(1.) The Local Government Board may direct any inquiries Inquiries

to be held by their inspectors which they may deem necessary in ^sP^ctors regard to the exercise of any of their powers under this Act, and Government the Board and their inspectors shall for the purposes of any such Board, inquiry have the same powers as they respectively have for the purpose of an inquiry under the Public Health Act, 1875.

(2.) The expenses incurred by the Local Government Board in respect of inquiries under this Act shall be paid by such authorities and persons, and cut of such funds and rates as the Board may by order direct, and the Board may certify the amount of the expenses so incurred, and any sum so certified and directed by the Board to be paid by any authority or person shall be a debt from that authority or person to the Crown.

(3.) Such expenses may include the salary of any inspector or officer of the Board engaged in the inquiry, not exceeding three guineas a day.

16. No locomotive to which this Act applies shall be driven over For the the Menai Bridge when prohibited by notice exhibited thereon by JJ^jJenai the authority of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Bridge. Public Buildings, and nothing in section seven of this Act shall

have any application to'such bridge.

If any person in charge of a locomotive acts in contravention •of this section, he shall be liable for each offence, on summary conviction, to a fiue not exceeding five pounds.

17. —(1.) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires,— interprcta-

The expression “ county ” means an administrative county,tion.aad

and includes a county borough ; saving.

The expressions “ council of a county ” and “ county council ” include the council of a county borough;

In the case of a county borough the expression “ chairman ” includes the mayor, and the expression “ county fund ” includes borough fund;

The expression “ locomotive ” means a locomotive propelled by steam or other than animal power;

The expression “ waggon ” includes any truck, cart, carriage, or other vehicle;

The expression “ agricultural locomotive ” includes—

(a) any locomotive used solely for threshing, ploughing, or any other agricultural purpose ; and

(b) any locomotive, the property of one or more owners or occupiers of agricultural land employed solely for the purposes of their farms, and not let out on hire.

Digitized by v^ooQle

110

C&29.

192$.

61 & 62 ?*cr>

59 A 60 Viet, c. 36.

Repeal.

Short title.

Application of Act.

Commencement of Act.

(2.) Nothing in this Act shall affect light locomotives within the meaning of the Locomotives on Highways Act, 1896.

(3.) The mayor, aldermen, and commons of the city of London shall have the same powers with regard to the licensing and registration of locomotives in the city of London as the council of a county have in their county, and shall apply as part of their income any fees or other money received in connexion with such powers..

18. —(1.) The Acts mentioned in the schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of that schedule.

(2.) Provided that such repeal shall not affect any byelaws made under any enactment mentioned in the said schedule, so far as the same relate to preventing the use of locomotives upon bridges, or for a period of twelve months from the passing of this Act any other byelaws made under any such enactment, except so far as the same may be repealed or altered by byelaws made under this Act.

(3.) Nothing in this Act shall affect or derogate from the provisions of any local Act dealing with the licensing of locomotives (whatever the payments in respect of the licence may be) or otherwise relating to locomotives in any borough or other area

19. This Act may be cited as the Locomotives Act, 1898.

20. This Act shall not apply to Scotland or Ireland.

21. This Act shall not, except so far as regards the making and confirming of byelaws hereunder, come into operation until the first of January, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine.

SCHEDULE.

Repeals.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

24 & 25 Viet. c. 70. The Locomotive Aot, 1861. Section six, from “And in case” to the end of the section.

23 A 29 Viet. c. 83. The Locomotives Ac*, 1865. Section three, th9 paragraph commencing with the word “ Firstly ” and ending with the word “ carriages ” and from “ but it shall be lawful “for such owner*' to the end of the'section.

Section three, the words “ between the hours of one hour after sunset and one hour before sunrise.'*

41 A 42 Viet. o. 77. The Highways and Locomotives (Amendment) Act, 1878. Sections twenty-nine, thirty-one, and thirty-two.

WVWWVV/W>AA/V\A/WWVVVV\A/»/V*\»VVA/V\/0

Google

1898.

Paupti' Children (Ireland) , 1888.

Gift SO.

Ill

CHAPTER 30.

An Act to mako further Provision with respect to the Relief of Pauper Children in Ireland, and for other purposes connected therewith. [2nd August 1898.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1.—(1.) The board of guardians of any poor law union may, Provision for if they think fit, subject to the regulations of the Local Govern- relief of ment Board, provide for the relief of any orphan or deserted child workhouses. ° out of a workhouse, by placing such child out at nurse or boarding it out according to their discretion, and also may at any time withdraw such child from the care of the person with whom it has been placed out at nurse or boarded out: Provided that no child shall be placed out at nurse or boarded out with any person who does not profess the same religion as that in which the child was registered.

(2.) The Local Government Board shall make regulations with respect to all or any of the matters following (that is to say) :—

(a.) The age up to and conditions under which children may be placed out at nurse or boarded out, whether within or outside the limits of the union;

(6.) The form of contract to be entered into by boards of guardians for the purposes of this section;

(c.) The expenses of conveying children to and from the houses in which they are placed out at nurse or boarded out;

(d.) The attendance of children at divine worship and school;

(e.) The supervision and visitation of children placed out at nurse, boarded out, or placed out at service ; and (/.) Generally with respect to all such matters as the Local Government Board think proper.

(3.) If the Local Government Board are of opinion that any child placed out at nurse, boarded out, or placed out at service, should be removed from the care of its foster parent, or the person with whom it is boarded out, or placed out at service, the board of guardians shall at any time, upon the requisition of the Local Government Board, cause the child to be removed accordingly, and brought back to the workhouse, and in such case any agreement to the contrary shall from the date of such removal become void.

(4.) Any person failing or refusing to deliver up a child when required' to do so pursuant to this section, shall be liable, on conviction before a court of summary jurisdiction, to a penalty of forty shillings; and the court shall, upon such conviction, order the child to be taken out of the custody of such person and handed over to the custody of the board of guardians.

(5.) A board of guardians may, with the consent of the Local Government Board, in the case of any orphan or deserted child having reached the age of fifteen years, and having obtained

Digitized by Google

112

Ch. 30. Pauper Children {Ireland) Act, 1898. 61 & 62 V'ict.

55 & 56 Viet, c. 42.

Power to provide for teaching of children at national schools.

Power to send pauper children to certified schools.

such certificate of proficiency in reading, writing, and elementary arithmetic as is mentioned in the Second Schedule to the Irish Education Act, 1892, pay such fee as may be requisite to place the child in some suitable trade or business.

2. Where there is a national school within two miles by the nearest road of the workhouse of a poor law union the board of guardians of the union may, subject to the approval of the Local Government Board and the manager of the school, provide for the teaching of children relieved in the workhouse of the union at such school: Provided that a child shall not, without the consent of a chaplain of the workhouse of the religious persuasion in which the child was brought up, be sent to a national school the manager of which is not of the same persuasion.

3. —(1.) The Local Government Board may, if they think fit, upon the application in writing of the managers of any school, other than a national school, appoint a fit person to examine into the condition of the school, and to report to them thereon; and if satisfied with such report, the Board may, by writing under the hand of their secretary or assistant secretary, certify as to the fitness of such school for the reception of such children as may be sent there under this section, and as to the number of children that may be received in such school, and the Board, if at any time they are dissatisfied with the condition or management of such school, may, by notice addressed to the managers of such school, and signed as aforesaid, declare that the certificate is withdrawn from and after a day to be specified therein, being not less than two months after the date thereof

(2.) The board of guardians of any poor law union may, with the sanction of the Local Government Board, send any child relieved in the workhouse of such union to any school certified under this section, the managers of which are willing to receive the child, and the guardians may, out of any funds in their hands, pay the expenses incurred in the maintenance, clothing, and education of the child at such school (not exceeding such annual amount as may be prescribed), and in the conveyance of such child to and from the same, and, in the case of death, the expenses of its burial.

(3.) If the Local Government Board are of opinion that any person is aggrieved by any child being so sent or kept at such school as aforesaid, the Board may order the child to be removed, and the board of guardians shall forthwith cause the child to be removed from the school; and any engagement entered into for the payment of any expenses in the case of such child which might otherwise have been incurred shall, from the date of such removal, become void.

(4.) Every school certified under this section shall be open to the visitation and inspection of any inspector appointed by the Local Government Board; and such inspector may make any examination into the state and management of the school, and the condition and treatment of the children therein, which he may deem requisite.

Digitized by L^ooQLe

i898.

Pauper Children (.Ireland) , 1898. Ch. 30.

113

and shall report the results of any such examination to the Local Government Board; and the board of guardians by whom any child is sent to any such school may appoint any one of their body to visit and inspect the school, and the school shall at all reasonable times be open to such visitation and inspection.

(5.) A board of guardians by whom a child has been sent to any such school may at any time, at their discretion, and shall, upon the requisition of the managers of the school, or upon the withdrawal of the certificate of the school, cause any such child to be removed from the school, and brought back to their union.

(6.) No child shall bs sent to such school unless he or she is an orphan, or deserted by his or her parents or surviving parent, or is a child whose parents or surviving parent consent to the sending of such child to the school, or, if illegitimate, whose mother, if she has the care, custody, or possession of the child, so consents.

(7.) No child, not being an orphan or deserted, shall be kept in any such school unless its parents or surviving parent are inmates of the workhouse.

(8.) The expenses incurred by a board of guardians in respect of any child sent to any such school under this section shall be charged to the same fund and in the same manner as the relief otherwise supplied to such child would be charged.

(9.) No child shall be sent under this section to any school which is conducted on the principles of a religious denomination to which such child does not belong.

(10.) The word “ school ” in this section shall extend to any institution established for the instruction of blind, deaf, dumb, lame, deformed, or idiotic persons, but shall not extend to a certified reformatory school.

4. —(1.) No person shall take into his employment for any Restriction purpose any child being relieved in the workhouse of any union, or M to employ-subject to the control of the board of guardians of any union, and ^?d«;i1.paaper being under the age of twelve years, and any person acting in contravention of this section shall be liable on conviction before a

court of summary jurisdiction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(2.) Where the age of any child is required to be ascertained for the purposes of this Act, any person, on presenting a written requisition in such form and containing such particulars as may be prescribed, shall be entitled to obtain a certified copy, under the hand of the registrar or superintendent registrar, of the entry in the register under the Births and Deaths Registration Acts (Ireland), 1863 to 1880, of the birth of the child named in the requisition.

5. This Act may be cited as the Pauper Children (Ireland) Act, Short title and 1898, and, save where inconsistent therewith, shall be construed as contraction, one with the Poor Relief (Ireland) Acts, 1838 to 1892.

6. The Pauper Children (Ireland) Act, 1876, is hereby repealed. Repeal.

K

H

Google

114

Ch. 31, 32. Metropolitan Police Courts Ast, 1893. G1 & G2 Vict.

Amendment of 60 & 61 Vict c. 26. s. 6, as to certain fines.

Short title.

Issue of 10,924,352/. out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the

X

CHAPTER 31.

An Act to amend the Metropolitan Police Courts Act, 1897. [2nd August 1898.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :

1. Nothing in section six of the Metropolitan Police Courts Act, 1897, shall affect the application of any fines, pecuniary penalties, and forfeitures, which under any ether Act are payable to the informer or to the party aggrieved, or to a police pension fund, or which are recoverable under any of the Acts relating to the Customs or Inland Revenue, or to the Post Office, or Trade or Navigation, or under the Factory Acts, or which when recovered are to be applied as an excise penalty.

2. This Act may be cited as the Metropolitan Police Courts Act, 1898, and may be cited with the Metropolitan Police Acts, 1829 to 1897, and shall be deemed to have come into operation on the first day of April one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight.

CHAPTER 32.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine.

[2nd August 1898.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight

Google

1898.

Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1893. Ch. 32, 33.

115

hundred and ninety-nine the sum of ten million nine hundred and year ending twenty-four thousand three hundred and fifty-two pounds. *^March

2. The Treasury may borrow from any person, and the Bank of Power to the

England may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said sum, to

any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of ten Trow* million nine hundred and twenty-four thousand three hundred and fifty-two pounds, and the Treasury shall repay the moneys so borrowed with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at

any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any moneys so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

3. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Short title. Act, 1898.

CHAPTER 33.

An Act to provide for raising further Money for the purpose of the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1897.

[2nd August 1898.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund, or the Grant of growing produce thereof, such sums not exceeding in the whole 1.000,000/. the sum of one million pounds as may be required by the Post- p°r^^*ph master-General for the purposes of the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 55 &56 Viet. 1897, and section one of the Telegraph Act, 1892, as amended by c- 59* the Telegraph (Money) Act, 1896, shall be construed as if two million three hundred thousand pounds were therein substituted for one million three hundred thousand pounds.

2. This Act may be cited as the Telegraph (Money) Act, 1898. short title.

>/\/\A/WVWV

H 2

Digitized by AjOOQle

116 Cu. 34. Rivers Pollution Prevention ( 61 & 62 Vicr.

Councils) , 1898.

CHAPTER 34.

An Act to enable the County Councils on either side of the Border to act together for the Prevention of the Pollution of Rivers. [2nd August 1898.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Where a river or any tributary thereof is situate partly in England and partly in Scotland, the Local Government Board for England and the Secretary for Scotland, by Provisional Order made on the application of the council of any of the counties concerned, may together constitute a joint committee or other body representing all or any of the counties through or by. which such liver or any specified portion or tributary thereof passes, and may confer on such committee or body all of the powers of a sanitary authority under the Rivers Pollution Prevention Act, 1876, or such of them as may be specified in the order; and the order may contain such provisions respecting the constitution and proceedings of the said committee or body as may seem proper, and may provide for the payment of the expenses of such committee or body by the counties represented by it, and for the audit of the accounts of such committee or body and their officers.

Application of 2. Section two hundred and ninety-seven of the Public Health Act, 1875 (which relates to the making of Provisional Orders by the Local Government Board), shall apply for the purposes of this Act as if the same was herein re-enacted, and in terms made applicable thereto, but with the substitution for the words “ Local Government Board ” of the words “ Local Government Board for England and Secretary for Scotland.”

3. In this Act the term “ county ” means, as regards England, an administrative county, and includes a county borough, and means, as regards Scotland, a county or burgh as defined by the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889.

4. This Act may be cited as the Rivers Pollution Prevention (Border Councils) Act, 1898.

Interpretation of “ county.”

52 & 53 Viet, c. 50.

Short title.

Provision for enforcement of 89 & 40 Viet, c. 75. in border counties.

89 & 40 Viet, c. 75.

Digitized by v^ooQle

1898.

• Vexatious Actions (Scotland) Act, 1898. Ch. 35, 36.

117

CHAPTER 35.

An Act to prevent vexatious Legal Proceedings in Scotland. [12th August 1898.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. It shall be lawful for the Lord Advocate to apply to either Power of Division of the Inner House of the Court of Session for an order under this Act, and if he satisfies the Court that any person has prohibit*0 habitually and persistently instituted vexatious legal proceedings institution without any reasonable ground for instituting such proceedings, ^^°tn]eave whether in the Court of Session or in any inferior court, and m ou eaYC' whether against the same person or against different persons, the Court may order that no legal proceedings shall be instituted by that person in the Court of Session or any other court, unless he obtains the leave of the Lord Ordinary.on the Bills in the Court of Session, having satisfied the Lord Ordinary that such legal proceeding is not vexatious, and that there is prima facie ground for such proceeding. A copy of such order shall be published in the Edinburgh Gazette.

2. This Act may be cited as the Vexatious Actions (Scotland) shoit title. Act, 1898.

CHAPTER 30.

An Act to amend the Law of Evidence.

[12th August 1898.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Every person charged with an offence, and the wife or Competency husband, as the case may be, of the person so charged, shall be a competent witness for the defence at every stage of the proceedings, whether the person so charged is charged solely or jointly with any other person. Provided as follows :—

(a.) A persou so charged shall not be called as a witness in pursuance of this Act except upon his own application:

(6.) The failure of any person charged with an offence, or of the wife or husband, as the case may be, of the person so charged,

Digitized by LjOOQle

/

118

Ch. 36.

Criminal Evidence Act, 1898.

61 & 62 Yicr.

U & 12 Viet. 42.

Evidence of

person

charged.

Bight of reply.

Calling of wife or husband in certain cases.

X

to give evidence shall not be made the subject of any comment by the prosecution :

(c.) The wife or husband of the person charged shall not, save as in this Act mentioned, be called as a witness in pursuance of this Act except upon the application of the person so charged :

(d.) Nothing in this Act shall make a husband compellable to disclose any communication made to him by his wife during the marriage, or a wife compellable to disclose any communication made to her by her husband during the marriage:

(e.) A person charged and being a witness in pursuance of this Act may be asked any question in cross-examination notwithstanding that it would tend to criminate him as to the offence charged:

(/.) A person charged and called as a witness in pursuance of this Act shall not be asked, and if asked shall not be required to answer, any question tending to show that he has committed or been convicted of or been charged with any offence other than that wherewith he is then charged, or is of bad character, unless—

(i) the proof that he has committed or been convicted of such other offence is admissible evidence to show that he is guilty of the offence wherewith he is then charged; or

(ii) he has personally or by his advocate asked questions of the witnesses for the prosecution with a view to establish his own good character, or has given evidence of his good character, or the nature or conduct of the defence is such as to involve imputations on the character of the prosecutor or the witnesses for the prosecution ; or

(iii) he has given evidence against any other person charged with the same offence :

(g.) Every person called as a witness in pursuance of this Act shall, unless otherwise ordered by the court, give his evidence from the witness box or other place from which the other witnesses give their evidence :

( h.) Nothing in this Act shall affect the provisions of section eighteen of the Indictable Offences Act, 1848, or any right of the person charged to make a statement without being sworn.

2. Where the only witness to the facts of the case called by the defence is the person charged, he shall be called as a witness immediately after the close of the evidence for the prosecution.

3. In cases where the right of reply depends upon the question whether evidence has been called for the defence, the fact that the person charged has been called as a witness shall not of itself confer on the prosecution the right of reply.

4. —(1.) The wife or husband of a person charged with an offence under any enactment mentioned in the schedule to this Act may be called as a witness either for the prosecution or defence and without the consent of the person charged.

Google

1898.

Criminal EvidenceAet^ 1898.

Ch. 36.

119

(2.) Nothing in this Act shall affect a case where the wife or husband of a person charged with an offence may at common law be called as a witness without the consent of that person.

5. In Scotland, in a case where a list of witnesses is required, Application the husband or wife of a person charged shall not be called as a of Act t0 witness for the defence, unless notice bo given in the terms pre- Scotland-scribed by section thirty-six of the Criminal Proceduie (Scotland) so& 51 Viet Act, 1887. c. 35.

6.—(1.) This Act shall apply to all criminal proceedings, Provision as notwithstanding any enactment in force at the commencement of to previous this Act, except that nothing in this Act shall affect the Evidence Acts'

Act, 1877. 40* 41 vict-

(2.) But this Act shall not apply to proceedings in courts martial unless so applied—

(a) as to courts martial under the Naval Discipline Act, by £9 & so Vict. general orders made in pursuance of section sixty-five of that c-109*

Act; and

( b) as to courts martial under the Army Act by rules made in 44 & 45 Vict. pursuance of section seventy of that Act «• 5S-

7.—(1.) This Act shall not extend to Ireland. Extent,

(2.) This Act shall come into operation on the expiration of commeneemen\ two months from the passing thereof. title 8h°rt

(3.) This Act may be cited as the Criminal Evidence Act,

1898.

SCHEDULE. Enactments referred to.

Section 4.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Enactments referred to.

5 Geo. 4. c. 83. The Vagrancy Act, 1821. The enactment punishing a man for neglecting to maintain or deserting his wife or any of his family.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 83. The Peer Law (Scotland) Act, 1815. Section eighty.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 100. The 0 donees against the Person Act,1861. Sections forty-eight to fifty-five.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 75. The Married Women's Property Act, 1882. Section twelve and section sixteen.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 69. The Criminal Law Amendment Act, 1885. The whole Act.

57 * 58 Vict. c. 41. The Prevention of Cruelty to Children Act, 1894. The whole Act.

Google

120

Ch. 37. Local Government {Ireland) Act, 1898. 61 & 62 Vicr-

Part I.

County

Councils.

Establishment of county councils.

Election and qualification of councillois.

CHAPTER 37.

An Act for amending the Law relating to Local Government in Ireland, and for other purposes connected therewith. [12th August 1898.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

PART I.

County Councils.

Constitution.

1. A council shall be established in every administrative county, and be entrusted with the management of the administrative and financial business of that county, and shall consist of a chairman and councillors.

2.—(1.) The councillors of a county shall (subject to the provisions herein-after contained with respect to additional members) be elected by the local government electors for the county.

(2.) The councillors shall hold office for a term of three years and shall then retire together, and their places shall be filied by a new election.

(3.) The number of councillors and the divisions in every county for their election (in this Act referred to as county electoral divisions) shall be those provided by an order of the Local Government Board made before the first day of January next after the passing of this Act, subject after the first election to alteration in manner provided in pursuance of this Act:

Provided that—

(a) One councillor only shall be elected for each county electoral division except where an uiban district forming one such division returns more than one councillor; and

(b) The county electoral divisions shall be arranged with a view to the population of each division being, so ntarly as conveniently may be, equal, regard beiDg had to a proper representation both of the rural and urban population, and to the distribution and pursuits of such population, and to the last published census for the time being, and to evidence of any considerable change of population since such census.

(4.) At an election for a county, each elector may give in a county electoral division one vote and no more, or in case of an urban district forming one county electoral division and returning

Digitized by LjOOQle

1898.

Local Government ( Ireland)Act, 1898. Ch. 37.

121

more than one councillor, one vote and no more for each of any number of persons not exceeding the number of councillors to be elected for that division, and shall not vote at the same election in more than one county electoral division of the county.

(5.) A person shall not be qualified to be elected or to be a councillor for a county, unless he is a local government elector for such county.

3. —(1.) The chairman of every rural district council (established under this Act) within the county shall, by virtue of his office, be an additional member of the county council, but if such chairman is otherwise a member, or is disqualified for election as a member, of the county council, the district council may assign one of their number who is not so disqualified to take during the term of office of that chairman the place of the chairman as additional member of the county council.

(2.) The county council may choose from persons qualified to be councillors one or two persons who shall be additional councillors during the term of office of the council by whom the choice is made.

(3.) The first business of the council after any triennial election shall be the consideration of the question of choosing additional councillors.

(4.) The county council may annually choose a chairman, and if they think fit a vice-chairman, from among the councillors, and the chairman, subject as hereafter provided by this Act, shall, during the term of and by virtue of his office, be a justice of the peace for the county, but before acting as such justice he shall, if he has not already done so, take the oaths required by law to be taken by a justice.

Powers of County Councils and County CouH.

4. —(1.) Subject to the provisions of this Act, there shall be transferred to the council of each county all the business of the grand jury not excepted by this section, and all the business of the county at large presentment sessions; and the county council for the purpose of such business shall, save that any fiat or other sanction of a judge shall not be required, have the powers and duties of the grand jury and the said presentment sessions in connexion with the said business, and also such further powers and duties as are conferred on them by or in pursuance of this Act, or as may be necessary for conducting, as an administrative body, the business hereby transferred.

(2.) Nothing in this Act shall transfer to a county council or a member thereof—

(a) any business relating to bills of indictment or any business of the grand jury at common law relating to crime; or

(b) any business by this Act transferred to the county court; or

(c) any power to appoint a visiting committee for a prison.

Paut i.

County

Councils.

Additional members and chairman and vice-chairman of county council, and constitution of chairman os justice.

Transfer to county council of business of grand jury and county at large presentment sessions.

Digitized by v^ooQle

122

Ch. 37. Local Government {Ireland) , 1898. 61 & 62 Vict

Part I.

County

Councils. Transfer to county court of grand jury business respecting compensation for criminal injuries and amendment of law respecting such compensation.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 116.

24 & 25 Viet, c. 97.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 116.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 57.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 48.

5.—(1.) There shall be transferred to the county court the business of any presentment sessions and grand jury in relation to compensation for criminal injuries, that is to say, compensation under the enactments mentioned in Part One of the First Schedule to this Act, and of those enactments section one hundred and thirty-five and the following sections of the Grand Juries Act, 1836, so far as unrepealed, shall extend to the case of maliciously setting fire to, destroying, or injuring property of any description, whether real, or personal, in like manner as they apply to the setting fire to, injuring, or destroying the particular descriptions of property specified in the first-mentioned section : Provided that this Act shall not extend the application of the said sections to any case except where the malicious act done was a crime punishable on indictment under the Malicious Damage Act, 1861.

(2.) Upon an application for such compensation, the county court may either refuse the application, or make a decree against the county council, and, if the decree is made, shall have the power of a j udge of assize under section one hundred and forty of the Grand Juries Act, 1836, with respect to the apportionment of the compensation.

(3.) Any person claiming compensation in a county may apply to the county court, and the council for the county and the council for the district in or within one mile from the boundary of which county or district the injury is alleged to have been committed, and also any person paying poor rate in that county may, as well as the applicant, appear and be heard by the county court in relation to the application.

(4.) Any person or council who appeared, or though not actually appearing was entitled to appear, before the county court in relation to such application, and also, where the area off which the compensation awarded is to be levied is less than the whole county, the council for any county district comprising all or any part of that area, may, if aggrieved by the refusal or decree of the county court, appeal to the judge of assize, and, subject to this Act and to rules of court, the County Courts (Ireland) Acls, 1851 to 1889, shall, except in so far a9 they require security to be given, apply in like manner as in the case of any other appeal; and the judge may vary the decree in respect of the area ofl which the compensation is to be levied as well as in respect of other matters.

(5.) The judge of assize upon any such appeal shall, in addition to any other power, have power if he thinks tit to empanel a jury to try any issue of fact arising on the appeal, and such jury shall, if any party to the proceedings so requires, be a special jury.

(6.) The county court and judge of assize respectively may award costs to or against any party to any proceedings under this section.

(7.) Rules of court may regulate the practice and procedure under this section, including oosts, and the service of all preliminary

Google

1808.

Local Government ( Ireland) , 1898. Ch. 37.

123

notices, and the time within which any proceedings are to be had or Pabt I.

taken; and in particular such rules shall provide that non-compliance -

with any of the rules shall not render any proceedings void unless the court or judge of as ize so direct, but the time may be extended and the proceedings may be set aside either wholly or in part, or be amended or otherwise dealt with, in such manner and upon such terms as the court or judge may think just.

(8.) Save so far as fees are taken by an existing clerk of the peace for his own use, court fees shall not be payable in any proceedings in the county court under this section.

(9.) The enactments mentioned in Part One of the First Schedule to this Act and this section shall extend to the whole of Ireland so far as they do not already so extend.

6. There shall be transferred to the council of each county— Transfer to

(a) the business of the guardians with respect to making, business o? levying, collecting, and recovering the poor rate in so boards of much of the county as is not comprised in an urban county district; fls n Tmo'

as to poor rate, cattle

(b) the business of the guardians as local authority under the ^s^re*Ud

Diseases of Animals Act, 1894, and the Destructive Insects 5?P& ssvict. Act, 1877; and <-*• 57.

(c) the business of the justices in petty sessions under the c. 68.

Explosives Act, 1875, except the power to appoint any 38 & 39 Viet, officer, which power shall cease. c'17*

7. The council of a county shall be a local authority within the Powers of meaning of the Technical Instruction Acts, 1889 and 1891; but this section shall not prevent any other local authority under the ^tructkn!^ said Acts from acting concurrently with the county council, if that 52 & 53 Viet, authority act in accordance with any general scheme framed by £47& 55 vict the council, or otherwise with the consent of the council: c. 4.

Provided that—

(a) The rate levied under the said Acts by such authority shall not, when combined with the rate levied thereunder by the county council, exceed the limit thereby authorised ; and

(b) Nothing in this section contained shall affect any scheme for technical or manual instruction instituted or made by any local authority before the passing of this Act, or the continued payment after the passing of this Act of any aid in pursuance of such scheme by such authority.

8.—(1.) One half of the expenses of the maintenance of any Expenses and main road shall be levied off the administrative county, and the determination other half off the county districts in which the road is situate. councifof (2.) Every road the expense of the maintenance of which at the ma,n roads* passing of this Act is levied partly or wholly off the county at large shall be a main road until it ceases so to be as herein-after

Digitized by LiOOQLe

Ch. 37. Local Government {Ireland) Act, 1898. 61 & G2 Vict.

provided, and the enactments respecting main roads shall be repealed.

(3.) The council of each county may, upon the report of the county surveyor, make a general declaration declaring what roads in the county shall be main roads, and any road not mentioned in such declaration shall cease to be a main road; and at any time after the end of five years, the council may, if they think fit, reconsider the declaration and make a new declaration, and so on at intervals of not less than five years.

(4.) The county council may declare a proposed new road to be a main road, subject to reconsideration at any time at which the councii reconsider any general declaration, and the cost of and incidental to the making of such road shall be levied in like manner as its maintenance.

(5.) A declaration, whether a general declaration or a declaration respecting a new road, shall at first be a provisional declaration, and shall be communicated by the county council to each district council in the county in the prescribed manner.

(6.) After the prescribed time, and after considering any representations which may meantime have been submitted either by any district council or by any person or persons claiming to be interested, the county council shall take the said provisional declaration into consideration, and may adopt the same, either in its original form or after modifying it either by way of exclusion or inclusion of roads.

(7.) The declaration, unless suspended as herein-after mentioned, shall come into operation at the date of its final adoption, or any later date specified in the declaration.

(8.) The county council shall forthwith communicate a declaration as finally adopted to every district council in the county; and any such district council, if aggrieved by the declaration or by the omission therefrom of any road, may, within the prescribed time, appeal to the Local Government Board, and that, Board after communication with the county council, may dismiss the appeal, or make any declaration which the county council could have made, and that declaration shall operate as a declaration by the council.

(9.) In the event of such an appeal, the declaration shall be suspended while the appeal is pending. A county council may also suspend a declaration as regards a portion of an old road situate in any county district, until the council of the district have proposed the expenditure of sufficient money for placing that portion in proper repair and condition to the satisfaction of the county council.

(10.) A declaration, suspended while an appeal is pending, which afterwards becomes operative, shall operate as from the date when originally made, or any later date which may be fixed by the Local Government Board on the appeal

(11.) This section shall apply to so much of any main or other road as is situate within an urban county district.

Digitized by v^.ooQle

1898.

Local Government ( I) , 1898.

Ca. 37.

125

(12.) Nothing in this section shall be held to prevent the whole or a greater proportion than one-half of the expenses of the maintenance of any road heretofore leviable wholly off the county at large, or of the expenses of the maintenance or construction of any bridge, from being levied off the county at large.

9.—(1.) It shall be the duty of the council of every county to provide and maintain sufficient accommodation for the lunatic poor in that county in accordance with the Lunatic Asylum Acts, and if it appears to the Lord Lieutenant that any council fail to perform such duty, he may order that council to remedy the failure within the time and in the manner (if any) specified in the order.

(2.) The duties of the council under this section shall be exercised through a committee appointed by them, and if the Lord Lieutenant fixes a number of the number so fixed; and out of that committee a number not exceeding one-fourth may be persons not members of the council.

(3.) There shall be transferred to the council, acting through that committee, the business of the governors and directors of the asylum under the Lunatic Asylum Acts, and the committee, subject to the general control of the council as respects finance, may act without their acts being confirmed by the council.

(4.) Plans or contracts for the purchase of land or buildings, or for the erection, restoration, or enlargement of buildings, shall not be carried into effect until approved by the Lord Lieutenant.

(5.) The county council, through the said committee, shall properly manage and maintain every lunatic asylum for their county; and, subject to the provisions of this Act, may appoint and remove the officers of the asylum and regulate the expenditure; and the powers under the Lunatic Asylum Acts of the Lord Lieutenant or the inspectors of lunatics, as to those matters, and as to land and buildings, and as to the appointment of governors or directors, shall cease, and also the Board of Control for lunatic asylums shall be abolished.

(6.) The county council, through the said committee, may, and if required by the Lord Lieutenant shall, make regulations respecting the government and management of every lunatic asylum for their county, and the admission, detention, and discharge of lunatics, and the conditions as to payment and accommodation under which private patients may be admitted into and detained in the asylum, and the regulations when approved by the Lord Lieutenant with or without modifications shall have full effect, and shall have the same effect for the purposes of the fourth section of the Lunatic Asylums (Ireland) Act, 1875, as if made by the Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council.

(7.) Where a district for a lunatic asylum comprises two or more counties, this section shall apply with the necessary modifications to those counties and to the councils thereof; and the expenses shall be defrayed by the several counties in proportion to the number of lunatics from each county according to the average of the three local financial years which ended next before the last triennial election of county councillors; and the committee for the asylum shall be a joint committee of the councils of the counties.

Google

Part I.

County

Councils.

Provision and management of lunatic asylums.

38 8c 39 Viet c. 67.

126

Ch. 37. Local Government ( IrelaAct, 1898. Cl & G2 Vict.

Part I.

County

Councils.

Powers of county council as to acquisition of land or easements.

41 & 42 Viet, c. 52.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 77.

with a representation of each council (determined in case of dispute by the Lord Lieutenant) in the same proportion as that in which the expenses are defrayed.

(8.) Where a county council fail or refuse to provide funds for any object approved by any such joint committee, the joint committee may, except where the majority of the county councils represented on such joint committee so fail or refuse, appeal to the Lord Lieutenant, and the said county council shall comply with any order made by the Lord Lieutenant upon that appeal.

(9.) Proceedings had or taken by any such joint committee shall be had or taken in the names of the said councils jointly, and proceedings had or taken against any such joint committee shall be had or taken against such councils jointly.

10.—(1.) A county council, for the purpose of aoy of their powers and duties, may acquire, purchase, take on lease or exchange, any land or any easements or rights over or in land, whether within or without their county, including rights to water, and may acquire, hire, erect, and furnish such halls, buildings, and offices as they require, whether within or without their county, and for the purpose of this section section two hundred and three of the Public Health Act, 1878, shall apply with the necessary modifications, and in particular with the modification that the advertisements mentioned in sub-section two of the said section may be published in any month, and that the notice mentioned in the said sub-section shall be served in the next succeeding month.

(2.) A county council shall not take or use any such land, easements, or rights, without either the consent of the owner and occupier or the authority of a provisional order duly confirmed, and where the order does not affect demesne land, it may be confirmed without the authority of Parliament in manner provided by section twelve of the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1885, and that section and any enactment amending the same shall apply, with the necessary modifications.

(3.) Where a county council desire for the purpose of the work of widening an old road, or making a new road, to acquire otherwise than by agreement any land other than demesne land or pleasure ground or than land situate in a borough or town, they may, if they think fit, notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of this section, proceed as follows, namely :—

(a) Publish such advertisement and serve such notice on the owner or reputed owner, lessee or reputed lessee, and occupier, of the land as may be prescribed by the Local Government Board, and within the prescribed time petition the judge of assize for an order authorising the council to put into force with reference to such land the powers of the Lands Clauses Acts with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement;

( b)The judge of assize, on due proof of the prescribed advertisements having been published and prescribed notices served, shall, unless there is an application as herein-after mentioned, make an order in accordance with the prayer of the petition;

Digitized by v^ooQie

1898.

Local Government (Ireland) , 1898. Ch. 37.

127

(<:) Any person interested in the said land on whom the said Part

notice is required as aforesaid to be served and who objects ---------

to the land being acquired by the county council, and any owner or reputed owner, lessee or reputed lessee, or occupier, of any land who nlieges that such land will be injuriously affected by the sa:d work, and also any ratepayer in the county may, within such time after the publication of the said notices as is fixed by rules of court, apply to the judge of assize to refuse the order upon the said petition, and the judge shall hear such application and determine all questions of law and fact arising thereon, and in particular the question whether the said work is of public utility, and of such importance to the public as to justify the compulsory acquisition of the land ;

(d) Any decision by the judge upon the hearing of such application, whether making or refusing the order, shall be subject to appeal by any party to the proceedings before the judge of assize to the Lord Lieutenant in Council within the time fixed by rules of court, and the appeal shall be heard by a committee of the Privy Council (which shall be styled the Judicial Committee), consisting of such members thereof as are or have been judges of the Supreme Court, who, or a quorum of whom consisting of not less than three, shall advise the Lord Lieutenant thereon;

Provided that, with the consent of the parties, the judge of assize may state a case for the opinion of the Court of Appeal upon any question of law, and in such case no appeal shall lie to the Lord Lieutenant in Council.

(e) The judge of assize and Lord Lieutenant in Council and the Court of Appeal may respectively award such costs to be paid by or to parties to any proceedings under this section as appear just;

(f) Rules of court regulating the practice and procedure and costs respecting the petitions to aDd proceedings before the judge of assize under this section, and appeals from such judge to the Lord Lieutenant in Council, and cases stated, may be made by the authority having power to make rules of court for the Supreme Court;

(g) An order under this section granting in whole or in part the prayer of the petition, whether made by the judge of assize or by the Lord Lieutenant in Council upon appeal from that judge, shall have effect as if it were a provisional order under section

two hundred and three of the Public Health Act, 1878, duly 41 &*42 Viet, confirmed, and upon any land being taken under the order, the «•52-compensation for the same to be pfeid by the county council shall, in ti e absence of agreement, be determined by an arbitrator appointed by the Local Government Board, or if the parties so agree, be determined by the judge of assize, either with or without a jury, according to the agreement;

(h) The foregoing provisions with respect to the acquisition of any land for the purpose of widening an old road, or making a new road, shall apply to the acquisition of any easement or right over land in like manner as if it were land.

Digitized by LjOOQle

128

Ch. 37. Local Government {Ireland) , 1898. 61 & 62 Vict.

Fart I.

County

Councils.

Powers of

county

council

as to sudden

damage to

public

works.

11.—(1.) The council of each county shall arrange for the immediate repair of sudden damage to any public work, maintained in whole or in part at the cost of the county or any rural district, but where the expense of the repair is wholly leviable off any district and not partly oft' the county at large, such expense shall not exceed fifty pounds if within the prescribed time the council of the district object to any larger expenditure.

(2.) For the purposes of this section “ repair of sudden damage ” means such repair of any sudden damage to any public work, and such erection of any temporary work in place of any public work suddenly carried away or destroyed, and such collection or preservation of the materials of any damaged public work, as, subject to the general directions of the county council, the county surveyor considers cannot, without prejudice to the public, be delayed until the ordinary procedure relating to the repair of public works can be followed.

(3.) The powers of any justices and of extraordinary presentment sessions in relation to the repair of sudden damage to public works shall cease.

Power of county council as to purchase of quarries and machinery and obtaining materials.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 116.

12.—(1.) The county council, without prejudice to the power under section one hundred and sixty-two of the Grand Juries Act, 1836, or any other enactment, may, for the purpose of the maintenance of the roads in their county, whether main or other roads, acquire, purchase, take on lease, or exchange any land from which materials may be got for the repair of such roads, and may purchase or hire any steam roller, scarifier, or other machine, and may place at the disposal of the persons contracting for the repair of the roads materials from the said land, and the use of the said steam roller, scarifier, or other machine, upon such reasonable terms as may be agreed upon.

(2.) Section one hundred and sixty-two of the Grand Juries Act, 1836 (which relates to the power to obtain gravel, stone, sand, or other materials), shall extend to authorise the digging for, raising, and carrying away of gravel, stone, sand, or other materials, out of any river or brook at a distance of at least a hundred and fifty feet above or below any bridge, dam, or weir, where the same can be taken away without diverting or interrupting the course of the river or brook, or prejudicing or damaging any building, highway, ford, or spawning-bed.

Powers of 13.—(1.) Where the guardians of any union satisfy the council

oounty council of a county that exceptional distress exists in some district electoral tiona^dfstress div*3'011 situate both in the union and in the county, and the council apply to the Local Government Board, that Board may, if they think fit, by order authorise the guardians, subject to the prescribed conditions, to administer relief out of the workhouse for any time not exceeding two months from the date of the order to poor persons of any description resident in the said electoral division, and may revoke any such order either wholly or partly or with reference to any particular class of persons.

25 & 26 Vict. (2.) Section two of the Poor Relief (Ireland) Act, 1862 (which c S3. excludes an occupier of more than a quarter of an acre from being

Digitized by Google

1898. Local Government (Ireland) 1898. Ch. 37. 120

relieved otherwise than in the workhouse), shall not apply as PxRT r

regards relief given under this section. ----

(3.) One half of any expenditure incurred in pursuance of an Council order under this section shall be levied off the county at large (so, unct *' however, that the total amount of such expenditure levied off the county at large in any one year shall not exceed a sum equal to threepence in the pound on the rateable value of the county), and the council of the county may nominate one of their members who shall be an additional member of the board of guardians for the period fixed by the order.

(4.) The guardians may, with the consent of the Local Government Board, obtain for the purpose of this section temporary advances of such amount and for such period and repayable in such manner as that Board may sanction, and may mortgage their property and funds to secure such advances.

14.—(1.) A coroner for a county shall not be elected as here- powerg of tofore, and on a vacancy in the office of a coroner for a county county council the county council shall within one month after the vacancy, or *PP°int' such further time not exceeding three months after the vacancy coronas and as the Lord Chancellor may allow, appoint a qualified person to the coroners' office, and if the county is divided into coroners' districts assign distn.c^and

J 6 provision as to

nun a district. removal,

(2.) The county council may alter the coroners' districts, and salary, and the enactments respecting those districts shall apply as if the kroner01* county council were the justices assembled in special sessions for that purpose under the direction of the Lord Lieutenant, and the secretary of the county council were the clerk of the peace, and the powers of the Lord Lieutenant and justices and the clerk of the peace in relation to coroners' districts shall cease.

(3.) The Lord Chancellor may, if he thinks fit, remove any coroner for a county from his office for inability or misbehaviour in the discharge of bis duty.

(4.) The writ de coronatore eligendo need not be issued, but neither the omission to issue that writ nor anything else in this section shall alter the jurisdiction of the Lord Chancellor, or the High Court or a judge of assize, in relation to the removal of a coroner otherwise than in manner provided by this Act, or in relation to ordering a new election of a coroner.

(5.) A person who is a coroner for a county shall not be qualified to be elected, or to be, a county or district councillor in that county.

(6.) The salary of every coroner shall be in lieu of all sums which otherwise would be payable to him for fees, mileage, and allowances, and shall be fixed with the approval of the Local Government Board by the county or borough council by whom the salary is payable, or in default of the same being so fixed then by the Local Government Board, and shall not be subject to increase or diminution during his tenure of office.

Provided that—

(a) nothing in this section shall deprive the coroner of the right to be repaid expenses and disbursements lawfully paid by him on the holding of any inquest; and

I ■

Digitized by LjOOQle

130

Ch. 37. Local Government (Ireland) , 1898. 61 & 62 Vict.

Pam I.* (b) the salary of any existing coroner shall not be less than

--- the average annual net receipts of such coroner from his

Council. office of coroner during the five years next before the passing

of this Act.

(7.) So much of any Act as requires that a coroner shall possess a property qualification shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

Power of 15.—(1.) A county council shall annually contribute towards any

afl'tooouS?10118 county infirmary or fever hospital which is situate in their county or to which, though situate elsewhere, they are by statute empowered and fever to contribute, and to any officer thereof, a sum not less than was so hospitals. contributed out of the county cess in the standard financial year, or any less minimum which the Local Government Board sanction.

(2.) Every such county infirmary shall be managed, and the admission of patients thereto controlled, by a joint committee appointed triennially, consisting of such number of members of the corporation of the “governor or governesses of the infirmary appointed by the corporation, and of such number of members of the county council or other persons appointed by the council, as the Local Government Board from time to time fix in the case of each infirmary, having regard as well to the proportion of the contribution out of the county cess or the poor rate towards the building and maintenance of the infirmary as to all the other circumstances of the case ; and all powers vested in the corporation in relation to the infirmary shall be exercised only by the said committee; and every member of the committee shall have the same power of recommendation as a governor.

(3.) Where the councils of two or more counties contribute to the same county infirmary, each of those councils shall be represented on the said committee.

(4.) The foregoing provisions with respect to the management of a county infirmary shall extend to every fever hospital which is vested in the corporation of the “ president and assistants of the hospital."

(5.) Where a county infirmary or fever hospital is under the management of a governing body other than such corporation as above mentioned, the foregoing provisions of this section shall apply, with the necessary modifications, in like manner as if the governing body were the said corporation.

(6.) A county council may, if they think fit, contribute towards the rebuilding or enlargement or erection on a new site of any county infirmary (whether such rebuilding, enlargement, or erection takes place after the passing of this Act, or is in course of completion at that passing), or towards the re-opening of a closed county infirmary, a sum not exceeding in the whole one-third of the sums actually received from private donations or subscriptions for such rebuilding, enlargement, erection, or re-opening, and the foregoing provisions with respect to the management of the infirmary shall apply accordingly.

(7.) Where the boundary of a county for which an infirmary or hospital has been provided is altered by or in pursuance of this Act, or where part of any such county is constituted a county

Google

1898.

Local Government {Ireland) , 1898.

Ch. 37.

131

borough, the contribution to be made to such infirmary or hospital Pabt i. shall be a subject of adjustment, and the Local Government Board Count in making such adjustment may provide for the representation Councils. of the council of any contributing county upon the said committee.

(8.) Nothing in this Act shall deprive any existing officer of any infirmary or hospital to which this section applies of any privileges enjoyed by him under any Act, and such officer shall not be removed from his office except with the consent of the Local Government Board, but, subject as aforesaid, every officer of the hospital or infirmary may be appointed and removed by the committee appointed under this section.

(9.) Any county council may, notwithstanding anything in any other Act, contribute to any such county infirmary or fever hospital as above in this section mentioned any amount not exceeding the amount in that behalf mentioned in the Grand Juries Act, 1836. 6 & Will.

(10.) Any county councils may agree for the contribution by °*116* one council to the county infirmary or fever hospital of the other council, on such conditions as to the admission to the infirmary or hospital of patients from the county of the contributing council, and the representation of that council on the committee for managing the infirmary or hospital, as may be agreed upon. And in the case of the county of Cork the county council may contribute a portion of the amount mentioned in sub-section nine of this section towards the maintenance of the North Cork Infirmary situate in the city of Cork upon such terms and conditions, and subject to such restrictions, as may be determined upon by the councils of the county of Cork and county borough of Cork.

(11.) No ecclesiastical person shall in right of his dignity or office be entitled to be a governor or trustee of any such infirmary or fever hospital as aforesaid.

(12.) This section shall not apply to the Waterford City and County Infirmary as regulated by the Waterford Infirmary 59 & 60 Viet.

Act, 1896. 2 &?Wiu. 4

(13.) The Charities (Ireland) Act, 1832, and section eighty-one c. 85. of the Grand Juries Act, 1836, are hereby repealed. 6 & 7 Will. 4.

c. 116.

16.—(1.) A county council shall have the same power of Power of making byelaws in relation to their county, or to any specified count7. part or parts thereof, as the council of a borough have of making makTbye-byelaws in relation to their borough under sections one hundred laws, and twenty-five to one hundred and twenty-seven of the Municipal Corporations (Ireland) Act, 1840, and section two 8 & 4 Viet hundred and twenty-four of the Public Health Act, 1878, shall ®* apply to such byelaws: c}bt lQi

(2.) Provided that byelaws made under this section shall not be of any force or effect within any borough.

17. The council of a county shall have the same powers of Power of opposing Bills in Parliament and of prosecuting and defending ag to legal proceedings necessary for the promotion or protection of the opposing interests of the inhabitants of the county, or any part thereof, as Bul8 in

I 2

Google

132

Ch. 37. Local Government {Ireland) Act, 1898. 61 & 62 Vict.

Part I.

County Councils. Parliinn* nt and legal oroceedings. 51 & 52 Vict. c. 53.

As to marine works constructed by Congested Districts Board or Board of Works or at county expense.

59 & 60 Vict. c. 84.

6 8c 7 WiU. 4. c. 116.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 3.

16 & 17 Vict c. 136.

Powers of county council as to ancient monuments. 45 & 46 Vict. c. 73.

53 8c56 Vict.

c. 46.

\

are conferred on the governing body in any district by the Borough Funds (Ireland) Act, 1888 ; and that Act shall extend to a county council as if they were a “governing body ” and the county were their district: provided that—

(a) no approval of voters shall be required for any proceedings under this section; and

(b) this section shall not empower a county council to promote any Bill in Parliament, or to incur or raise any expenses in relation to such promotion.

18. —(1.) The council of any county may, if they think fit, agree with the Congested Districts Board for Ireland to take over from that board any marine work in the county constructed or acquired by such board, and agree with the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland to take over any marine work constructed or acquired by those Commissioners under the Railways (Ireland) Act, 1896, and upon any such agreement the work ihall become the public property of the county, subject nevertheless to the payment of compensation to any person other than the Congested Districts Board or the said Commissioners in like manner as if the same had been taken by the county council under the authority of a Provisional Order duly confirmed in pursuance of this Act.

(2.) Where any marine work becomes vested in a county council under this section, or is or becomes public property under section sixty-eight of the Grand Juries Act, 1836, the provisions of the Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1846, and the Grand Juries Act, 1863, relative to maintenance and repair, and to tolls and rates, and to byelaws, rates, orders, and regulations, and otherwise, shall apply to such work as if it had been constructed by the Commissioners of Public Works under the said Act of 1846, and become the public property of the county under the said Act of 1853.

(3.) The provisions of the said Acts and of this section respecting maintenance and repair shall extend to reconstruction according to the original or any new plan.

(4.) For the purposes of this section, “ marine work ” means any harbour, dock, pier, quay, wharf, beacon, light, or other similar work, and includes the approaches to any marine work as above defined, and all land and property used in connexion therewith.

19. —(1.) Where any ancient monuments or remains within the meaning of this section are being dilapidated, injured, or endangered, the county surveyor of any county shall report the same to the county council, and a county council may prosecute for any penalty under section six of the Ancient Monuments Protection Act, 1882.

(2.) The provisions of section eleven of the said Act (defining “ ancient monuments to which this Act applies ”) and section one of the Ancient Monuments Protection (Ireland) Act, 1892, shall have effect as if they were herein re-enacted, with the substitution of “ county council ” for “ Commissioners of Works ”; but this enactment shall be in addition to and not in derogation of the existing provisions of the said sections as respects the Commissioners of Work*.

Google

1898.

Local Government {Ireland) , 1898.

Ch. 37.

133

20.—(1.) The Local Government Board may, with the consent of the board or body affected, make a provisional order for transferring to a county council business arising in their county under any Act of any drainage board, or other public body corporate or unincorporate (not being a district council or the commissioners of a town or a board of guardians), and where it appears to the Local Government Board that there are no persons capable of acting as such board or body, the order may be made without the consent of the board or body, and each order shall make such exceptions and modifications and also such provisions for carrying into effect the transfer as appear necessary or expedient.

(2.) Any such business, if arising within two or more counties, may be transferred to the councils of those counties jointly, and be administered by a joint committee with a representation of each council, to be determined in case of dispute by the Lord Lieutenant.

County B

21.—(1.) Each of the boroughs mentioned in the Second Schedule to this Act shall be an administrative county of itself, and be called a county borough.

(2.) The mayor, aldermen, and burgesses of each county borough acting by the council shall, subject as in this Act mentioned, have the powers and duties of a county council under this Act and the powers of baronial presentment sessions in so far as they have not the same already, and the provisions of this Act with respect to administrative counties shall, so far as circumstances admit, apply in the case of every such borough with the necessary modifications, subject as follows:—

(а) The local government register of electors shall be the burgess roll, and persons registered therein and no others shall be the burgesses, and the provisions made by or in pursuance of this Act respecting the qualification and mode of election of councillors shall extend as well to the aldermen as to the councillors of a county borough, but, save as aforesaid or as expressly provided by this Act, the provisions so made with respect to the constitution, number, duration of office, or chairman, of the county council shall not apply;

Provided that the Local Government Board, on request made by a resolution of the council of any such borough passed by two-thirds of the members voting on such resolution, may by order apply to the borough the provisions of this Act with respect to the duration of office of councillors, and make such incidental provisions as appear to the Board necessary or expedient for bringing such application into full effect, and in particular for making the triennial election of councillors coincide with the triennial election of a portion of the aldermen;

(б) The provisions of this Act relating to main roads, coroners (except as to property qualification), byelaws, or the Borough Funds (Ireland) Act, 1888, shall not apply;

Paut i.

County Councils. Power to transfer to county council powers of local bodies.

Constitution of and application of Act to county boroughs.

51 & 52 Viet, c. 53.

Digitized by v^ooQle

/

134

Ch. 37. Local Government {Ireland) Act, 1898. 61 k 62 Vict.

Paht I.

County

Councils.

Part II.

District Councils and Guardians.

County districts and district councils.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 56.

55 & 56 Vict c. 41.

Constitution and election of district councils in county districts.

(c) No approval of voters shall be necessary to enable the council of a county borough to oppose a Bill in Parliament pursuant to the provisions of the Borough Funds (Ireland) Act, 1888;

(d) The quorum of a council of a county borough shall be one-fourth of the total number of such council;

(e) The provisions of this Act with respect to compensation for criminal injuries shall apply, although the business has before the passing of this Act bren vested in the council of a borough.

PART II.

District Councils and Guardians.

Constitution.

22. —(1.) All urban sanitary authorities shall be called urban district councils and their districts shall be called urban districts, but nothing in this section shall alter the style or title of the corporation or council of a borough.

(2.) For every rural sanitary district there shall be a rural district council, whose district shall be called a rural district.

(3.) In this and every other Act, unless the context otherwise requires, the expression " district council ” shall include the council of every urban district, whether a county or other borough or not, and of every rural district, and the expression “ county district ” shall include every urban district, whether a borough or not, which is not a county borough, and every rural district.

(4.) A poor law electoral division, that is to say, an electoral division within the meaning of the PoorReUef (Ireland) Acts, 1838 to 1892, shall be called a district electoral division.

23. —(1.) In an urban county district the members of the council of the district, other than the mayor or chairman, and if the district is divided into wards the members for each ward, shall be elected by the local government electors for the district or ward, and in a borough those electors and no other persons shall be the burgesses, and the local government register of electors shall be the burgess roll; and the provisions made by or in pursuance of this Act respecting the qualification and mode of election of councillors shall extend as well to the aldermen as to the councillors of the urban district; but, save as aforesaid or as expressly provided by this Act, there shall be no change in the constitution, number, duration of office, or chairman, of any such council:

Provided that where one-third of the councillors of any such district ate elected annually, the Local Government Board, on request made by a resolution of the council passed by two-thirds of the members voting on such resolution, may by order apply to the district the provisions of this Act with respect to the duration of office of county councillors, and make such incidental provisions as appear to the Board necessary or expedient for bringing such application into full effect, and in particular, in the case of a

Google

ltm.

LoboX Gov'ern iunt ( IAet, 1898.

Ch. 37.

135

borough, for making the triennial election of councillors coincide with the triennial election of a portion of the aldermen.

(2.) The quorum of an urban district council shall be one-fourth of^the total number of such council.

(3.) In a rural district—

(a) the district council shall consist of a chairman and councillors;

<6) two councillors shall be elected for each district electoral division, except where the Local Government Board assign more than two councillors to a town or part of a town forming one district electoral division, and the councillors for each district electoral division shall be elected by the local government electors for that division;

(c) at an election for the district council an elector may give in an electoral division one vote and no more for each of any number of persons not exceeding the number of councillors to be elected for the division, and shall not vote at the same election in more than one district electoral division;

<d) the district councillors shall hold office for a term of three years, and shall then retire together, and their places shall be filled by a new election.

(4.) A person shall not be qualified to be elected, or to be, a councillor of the council of a county district unless he is a local government elector for the district, or has, during the whole of the twelve months preceding the election, resided, and continues to reside, in the district.

24. As from the appointed day in the year one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, there shall be no ex-officio guardians of a union, and—

(a) in a rural district the district councillors for every district electoral division shall be the guardians for that division; and

(b) in an urban district the guardians for any district electoral division therein shall be elected by the'local government electors for that division, subject to the like provisions in the like manner and at the like time as district councillors for a rural district, and shall be qualified in the like manner and hold office for the same term as Buch district councillors; and (c)where the Local Government Board constitute any urban county district, or part thereof, or part of a county borough, a district electoral division, they may assign to that division two or more guardians; and

(d) each elector may give in a district electoral division one vote and no more for each of any number of persons, not exceeding the number of guardians to be elected for that division; and

(e) an elector shall not at the same election vote for the members, whether district councillors or guardians, of a board of guardians for a union in more than one district electoral division in that union.

25. —(1.) The district council of every rural district—

(a) may choose from persons qualified to be councillors of the district not more than three persons, who shall be additional

Google

Part II.

District Councils and Guardians.

Constitution and election of guardians.

Chairman of rural district council or guardians and

136

Ch. 37. Local Government {Ireland) Ac>, 1898; 61 & 62 Vicr.

Paut ii.

District Cowells and Guardians. additional councillors and guardians.

Constitution of chairman of district council and of town commissioners as justice of the peace.

17 & 18 Viet, c. 103.

Transfer to district councils of business of baronial presentment sessions and grand jury and extension of powers of urban district councils as to roads.

councillors during the term of office of the council by whom the choice is made; and (6) may annually choose a chairman, and if they think fit a vice-chairman, from among the councillors.

(2.) The first business of the council after any triennial election shall be the consideration of the question of choosing additional councillors.

(3.) A person so chosen by a district council from outside their body as additional councillor shall be a member of the council, and also of the board of guardians of the union comprising the district

(4.) Nothing in this section shall alter the power of guardians to choose their chairman and vice-chairman.

26. —(1.) Where an urban or rural county district m any county contains a population, according to the last published census for the time being, exceeding five thousand, the chairman of the council for the district shall, unless a woman or personally disqualified by any Act, but subject as hereafter provided by this Act, be during the term of and by virtue of his office a justice of the peace for the county, but, except when sitting in quarter or general sessions, shall act only within the petty sessional district or districts comprising the county district, or any part of the county district.

(2.) The chairman of the council of any urban county district who is not a justice of the peace under the foregoing provisions of this section, and also the chairman of the commissioners of any town, shall, if not a woman or personally disqualified by any Act, but subject as hereafter provided by this Act, be a justice of the peace in like manner as if he had been appointed by the Lord Chancellor under section twenty-nine of the Towns Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1854.

(3.) A chairman before acting as justice under this section shall, if he has not already done so, take the oaths required by law to be taken by a justice of the peace.

(4.) The power of the Lord Chancellor under section twenty-nine of the Towns Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1854, to select a commissioner to act as justice of the peace shall cease.

(5.) This section shall apply to a borough not having a separate commission of the peace with the substitution of mayor for chairman, but shall not apply to any other borough.

Powers of District Councils and .

27. —(I.) Subject to the provisions of this Act there shall be transferred—

(a) to the district council of every county district, the business of any baronial presentment sessions so far as respects their district; and

(b) to the district council of every urban county district, so far as respects their district, the business of the grand jury of the county in relation to public works, the expense of the maintenance of which is not wholly or partly leviable off the county at large;

Digitized by kjOOQle

1898.

Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1898.

Ctt. 37.

137

but the said transfer shall only operate so far as the business is not Part II. already the business of the district council.

(2.) A county council shall not, without the consent of the Local Councils and Government Board, approve of any expenditure on roads proposed Guardians. by the council of any rural district, which will cause the expenditure on the roads of the district to exceed by one-fourth the amount certified by that board to have been the average expenditure thereon during the three years next before the passing of this Act, and the Board may as respects each council consent either for a particular road or a particular year, or generally, and in the latter case may fix a new limit under this section.

(3.) An urban district council shall transact the business transferred to them by this section in the manner prescribed by general rules of the Local Government Board.

(4.) The council of every urban county district shall for the purpose of any business transferred to them from a grand jury, either by this or any other Act, or by any order made under the Public Health Act, 1878, have the same powers as respects land 42 vict* or easements or rights over land as a county council, and the c* provisions of Part I. of this Act with respect to the acquisition, purchase, taking on lease, or exchange of land, easements, or rights, or the taking or use of any land, easements, or rights by a county council, shall apply accordingly with the necessary modifications.

(5.) If the council of any urban county district, or the council of any adjoining rural district, consider that any contribution should be made by one council to the other in respect of a liability for maintaining any public work heretofore maintained out of money levied off an area comprising the whole or part of both such districts, the councils may agree upon such contribution, and in default of agreement either council may apply to the Local Government Board to order such contribution, and that Board shall deal with the application as a matter of adjustment under this Act.

(6.) The council of any urban county district may undertake the entire maintenance of any road in the district, the expenses of the maintenance of which are leviable partly off the count}' at large, and may so undertake upon such terms as may be agreed upon, or in default of agreement be fixed by an order of the Local Government Board.

(7.) Where an order of the Local Government Board, under the foregoing provisions, deals with an application to order any contribution or fixes the terms of an undertaking, and within three months after the order the Board receive a petition against it from either council affected, or from at least one-fourth of the local government electors of any district or county affected, the order shall be provisional only, and a certificate of the Local Government Board that no such petition has been received, and that the order has taken effect, shall be conclusive evidence of those facts.

(8.) Nothing in this section or in the provisions of this Act with respect to main roads shall, save as respects the alteration of financial relations in Part Four of this Act mentioned, affect the provisions of any local Act, or any Provisional Order confirmed by

Digitized by LjOOQle

138

Ch. 37. Local Ooveimment ( IrelaAct, 1898. G1 & G2 Vict.

Part II. an Act, respecting the maintenance of- any road in an urban county District district, or respecting the liability of the district to contribute Councils and towards any expenses of the maintenance of any road outside the Guardians, district.

Transfer to urban district councils of business of guardians as to poor rate.

28. There shall be transferred, subject to the provisions of this Act, to the council of every urban district the business of the guardians as regards making, levying, collecting, and recovering the poor rate within the district.

Transfer of business of burial boards in certain towns.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 52. s. 160.

29. There shall be transferred to the council of every urban district excepted from section one hundred and sixty of the Public Health Act, 1878 (by reason of being a town or township having commissioners under a local Act), the business of the board of guardians as burial board, and the said council shall be the burial board for the district.

Transfer to guardians of business of dispensary committees.

Extension of power of purchase of market under 41 & 42 Vict. c. 52. f. 104.

Transfer of sanitary powers of guardians under

41 & 42 Vict. e. 52.

46 & 47 Vict.

c. 59.

Powers of rural district councils under Public Health Acts. 41 & 42 Vict. c. 52.

59 & 60 Vict. c. 54.

30. There shall be transferred to the guardians the business of every committee of management of a dispensary district within their union, and those committees shall cease to be appointed.

31. The power conferred by section one hundred and four of the Public Health Act, 1878, upon an urban authority to purchase a market from a market company shall extend to authorise the purchase from any person of any franchise or right to hold a market or fair, whether under Act, letters patent, or otherwise, and the said section shall apply accordingly, with the necessary modifications.

32. There shall be transferred to every urban and rural district council the business of the board of guardians under section one hundred and fifty of the Public Health Act, 1878 (which relates to the execution of the regulations made when Ireland appears to be threatened by any formidable epidemic, endemic, or infectious disease), or under any enactment amending or extending that section, and section three of the Epidemic and Other Diseases Prevention Act, 1883, shall be repealed.

33. —(1.) There shall be transferred to the district council of every rural district the business of the rural sanitary authority in the district.

(2.) Rural district councils shall also have such powers and duties of urban sanitary authorities under the Public Health Acts or any other Act, and such provisions of any of those Acts relating to urban districts shall apply to rural districts as the Local Government Board by general order direct; and every such order shall be forthwith laid before Parliament.

(3.) The power to make such general order shall be in addition to, and not in substitution for, the power conferred on the Board by section one of the Public Health Act, 1896 (which relates to investing rural authorities with the powers of urban authorities), and that power may be exercised by the Board on the application of a county council.

\

Digitized by v^, ooQle

1898.

Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1898.

Ch. 37.

139

pabt n.

District Councils and Guardians. Power o! district council to purchase lessor's interest in lands held by them on

46 A 47 Viet. C. 00. 60 A 61 Viet. c. 51.

Byelaw* in rural district regulating boats plying for hire.

17 & 18 Viet, o. 108.

85 & 86 Viet, c. 69. s. a.

Powers of district council as to recreation ground and pnblic walks.

34. Where a rural district council hold, under the Labourers (Ireland) Acts, 1883 to 1896, any land on lease, they may by agreement purchase the interest of the lessor or any other superior interest in such land, and'shall have the same power of borrowing the purchase money as they have of borrowing money for the purchase of land under the said Acts, and for the purpose of any such purchase an advance may be made under section eighteen of the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883, as amended by the Public Works Loans Act, 1897.

35. The provisions of the Towns Improvement (Ireland) Act,

1864, as amended by the Local Government Board (Ireland) Act,

1872, respecting byelaws in relation to boats plying for hire and the owners and boatmen thereof, shall apply to every rural district in like manner as if the council of the district were commissioners under the first-mentioned Act.

36. —(1.) An urban district council, and if so authorised by order of the Local Government Board a rural district oouncil, may—

(a) aoquire, purchase, or take on lease, lay out, plant, improve, and maintain land for a recreation ground or public walk; and

(b) support or contribute to the support of a recreation ground or public walk, or contribute towards the purchase or cost of the laying out, planting, or improvement of any recreation ground or public walk, when provided by any person and permanently dedicated as such; and

(c) make byelaws for the regulation of any such recreation ground or public walk, and by such byelaws provide for the removal from such recreation ground or public walk, by any officer of the said council or a constable, of any person infringing any such byelaw.

(2.) The recreation ground or public walk may be either within or withont the district of the council, if it is convenient for the use of the inhabitants of such district.

(3.) Any expenses incurred under this section by a district council shall be defrayed as expenses under the Public Health Act,

1878.

(4.) The acquisition of land for the purpose of this section shall be deemed to be a purpose for which land may be acquired under the Public Health Act, 1878, and the provisions of that Act with respect to the acquisition of land shall apply accordingly.

(5.) Sections two hundred and nineteen to two hundred and twenty-three of the Public Health Act, 1878, shall apply to the byelaws made under this section.

37. —(1.) The council ot any county district comprising the Provision as whole or part of a fishery district under the Fisheries (Ireland) Act, ^ ^strict*1011 1848, may, at the request of the board of conservators of such council to fishery district, made in pursuance of a resolution passed by such

board at a meeting specially convened for the purpose of considering c 92 10 *

such resolution, make towards the expenses of that board a contribution not exceeding in any one local financial year a sum equal

41 & 42 Viet, c. 52.

Digitized by LjOOQle

140

Pakt II.

District Councils and Guardians.

Consent to byelaws.

8 & 4 Viet c. 108.

Appointment by district councils and guardians of committees consisting partly of non* members.

Application of Act to counties of cities and

Ch. 37. Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1898. 61 & 62 Vict.

to a rate of one halfpenny in the pound on the rateable value of the county district at the beginning of the year.

(2.) Any such contribution shall be an annual contribution for a period of not less than three years, but (unless renewed) of not more than five years, and shall be a debt to the board of conservators, and the clerk of such board may sue for the same on behalf of the board.

(3.) A district council, upon paying in any year such contribution, may appoint such number of persons as the Lord Lieutenant may determine to act for that year as conservators of fisheries for that fishery district, in addition to and together with the conservators under the said Act, but the total number of conservators appointed under this section shall always be less than the number of conservators under the said Act.

38. So much of the Municipal Corporations (Ireland) Act, 1840, as requires the approval of the Honourable Society of the Governor and Assistants of London of the new plantation in Ulster within the realm of Ireland to any byelaw made by the council of the boroughs of Coleraine and Londonderry shall be repealed.

District and Union Committees.

39. —(1.) A rural district council for any purpose of the Public Health Acts, and a board of guardians for the purpose of the admission of paupers to the union workhouse, may appoint for a dispensary district or other part of their district or union a local committee composed either wholly of members of their own body representing that dispensary, district or part, or partly of such members and partly of other persons, whether members of their own body or not, resident or interested in the said district or part.

(2.) The appointing body may authorise the committee to institute any proceedings or do any act which that body might have instituted or done for the said purpose, except that they shall not authorise the committee to raise any money, nor to expend any money beyond such limit as is fixed by the appointing body, nor to appoint, remove, or alter the remuneration of, any officer.

(3.) The same persons may be appointed by any council and . board to be a committee under this section of each appointing body in the same area.

(4.) A district council, on the application of a committee under this section for any area, may authorise any expenditure, which otherwise would be general expenses under the Public Health Acts, to be incurred by the committee, on condition that the cost of the same is levied as special expenses off such area.

(5.) The appointing body may revoke in whole or in part any appointment or authority made or given under this section.

Counties of Cities and Towns.

40. —(I.) Any county of a city or town which does not become a county borough shall, for the purposes of this Act, be situated in and form part of the administrative county which it adjoins, or if

Google

1898.

Local Government {Ireland) , 1898.

Ch. 37.

141

Pi-BT II.

District

it adjoins more than one such county, then such one of those counties as the Local Government Board order.

(2.) The council of the county of which it so forms part shall in relation thereto have all the powers and duties of a county council; Guardians. and any urban district council within the area of such county of a JJJJJ not city or town shall have all the powers and duties under this Act borough*, of an urban district council, and their urban district shall be a county district of the said county; and the provisions of this Act with respect to the business of the grand jury, and presentment sessions, shall apply accordingly.

(3.) Provided that nothing in this section shall deprive the council of a borough of the right to appoint as heretofore a coroner, and that coroner shall be subject in all respects to the law relating to borough coroners.

(4.) Such portion of the county of the town of Carrickfergus as is not at the passing of this Act comprised in an urban sanitary district shall form part of the rural sanitary district constituted by the union in which that portion is situate, and upon the election under this Act of a rural district council, the business of the Municipal Commissioners of Carrickfergus in relation to the said portion shall be transferred to that council, and any question as to the right of the said portion to share in the property vested in those Municipal Commissioners shall, on the application of the rural district council, be dealt with by the Local Government Board as a matter of adjustment under this Act.

41.—(1.) The Towns Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1854, and the Application of enactments amending the same, shall, subject to the exceptions n & 18 Viet and with the amendments made by this Act, apply to the town forming the urban sanitary district of Carrickfergus, and to every town having commissioners under the Lighting of Towns (Ireland)

Act, 1828, and shall so apply in like manner as if it had been in 9 Geo. 4. whole adopted in the town, and the boundaries of each such town c* 82 at the passing of this Act were the boundaries approved under the first-mentioned Act.

(2.) In each such town the number of councillors or commissioners, as the case may be, shall be the same as the existing number of commissioners: Provided that, if the Local Government Board think fit to divide the town into wards, the wards shall be determined and set out, and the commissioners apportioned among the wards, in manner provided by section fifteen of the said Act of 1854 for a town where there are municipal commissioners, and the number of commissioners may be varied so as to be in accordance with section sixteen of the said Act.

(3.) The urban district council of Carrickfergus shall, as successors of the municipal commissioners of Carrickfergus, be the Carrickfergus Harbour Commissioners, and the enactments relating to the transfer of property from the said municipal commissioners to the urban district council shall be subject to the provisions of this Act with respect to such portion of the county of the town of Carrickfergus as forms part of the rural sanitary district.

Google

142

Ch. 37. Local Government {Ireland) , 1898. 61 & 62 Vicrr.

Part II.

District Councils and Guardians. Orders as to making, dissolving, or extending urban sanitary districts.

41 &42Viet.

0. 52.

Part III. Finance.

Raising of guardians* expenses equally over union.

Towns not Urban Sanitary Districts.

42. —(1.) Where a town has a population exceeding one thousand five hundred according to the last published census for the time being, but is not an urban sanitary district, any order of the Local Government Board constituting such town an urban sanitary district shall, unless within three months after the order is published the Board receive a petition against it,

(а) if the petition is before the first election of rural district councils from at least one-fourth of the parliamentary electors registered in respect of qualifications within the town, or from the guardians of the union comprising the town or any part thereof, or

(б) if the petition is after such first election, then from at least one-fourth of the local government electors within the town, or from the guardians of the union, or council of the rural district, comprising the town or any part thereof,

take effect without the authority of Parliament; and a certificate of the Board that no such petition has been received, and that the order has taken effect, shall be conclusive evidence of those facts.

(2.) An order of the Local Government Board under section seven of the Public Health Act, 1878, for adding any town having a population according to the last census of less than five thousand and being an urban sanitary district to a rural sanitary district, if made before the end of six months after the passing of this Act, and if the powers of the grand jury in respect of roads have not been previously transferred to the sanitary authority of the district, shall, unless within three months after the order is published the board receive a petition against it from at least one-fourth of the parliamentary electors registered in respect of qualifications within the town, or from the guardians of the union comprising the town or any part thereof, take effect without the authority of Parliament; and a certificate of the board that no such petition has been received and that the order has taken effect shall be conclusive evidence of those facts; provided that until the expiration of ten years from the said year, an order shall not be made constituting such town an urban sanitary district.

(3.) An order made after the passing of this Act for constituting a town an urban sanitary district, or for adding an urban sanitary district to a rural sanitary district, or for enlarging the boundaries of an urban county district, shall contain such provisions as may seem necessary or expedient for adapting the provisions of this Act in respect to public works, and making an adjustment of property, rights, and liabilities.

PART IH.

Finance.

Incidence of Rates as regards Areas and establishment of

County, <&c. Funds.

43. Notwithstanding anything in any Act, all expenses of the guardians of a union shall be raised equally over the whole union, and shall be called union charges, and where a union is divided

Digitized by AjOoq ie

1898.

Local Government ( Act, 1898.

Ch. 37.

143

between more than one county the total amount to be raised over the union shall be apportioned between each divided part in proportion to rateable value, and the amount so apportioned to a divided part shall be raised equally over that part as if it were a separate union.

44. Notwithstanding anything in any Act, all expenses incurred in relation to the business of the council of a rural district, including those expenses connected with any public work in the district which are not leviable off the county at large, shall, subject to the provisions of this Act with respect to excluded charges, be raised equally over the whole district, and shall be called district charges.

45. —(1.) The expenses incurred by the council of a county at large in the execution of this Act, or otherwise in relation to their business, which are not union or district charges, nor the excluded charges herein-after mentioned, shall, where no provision is otherwise made by law, be raised equally over the whole county, and shall be called county at large charges.

(2.) Where any expenses so incurred by the council of a county may by virtue of any enactment, or any direction given thereunder, be levied off an urban district, they shall be called urban charges.

(3.) Where any expenses so incurred by the council of a county may, by virtue of any enactment or any direction given thereunder, be levied off a barony or other portion of a county, they shall, according as the county council direct, be raised equally over the whole of the county district or districts comprising the barony or portion, or equally over the whole of the county, and shall be district charges or urban charges or county at large charges accordingly.

46. —(1.) The expenses of the council of an urban county district, if incurred in meeting the demands of the county council, or in connexion with the poor rate, shall be defrayed out of the poor rate.

(2.) The expenses not above mentioned, but incurred by the council of an urban county district in relation to the business transferred to the eouncil by or in pursuance of this Act or otherwise in the execution of this Act, shall be defrayed out of the fund or rate out of which the cost of paving and cleansing the streets in such district are or can be defrayed, but shall be excluded in ascertaining any limit imposed by law upon any such rate.

(3.) The expenses incurred by the council of a county borough, if incurred in meeting the expenses of guardians or in connexion with the poor rate, shall be defrayed out of the poor rate, and if not so incurred and incurred in relation to the business transferred to the council by or in pursuance of this Act or otherwise in the execution of this Act, or as incidental to their powers and duties as a county council, shall, where the like expenses have hitherto been defrayed out of any rate levied by the council of the borough

Google

Part III.

Finance.

Raising of road and sanitary expenses in rural districts equally over rural district.

Raising of expenses of county council equally over county or district.

Raising of expenses of council of urban county district and county borough.

144

Part III.

Finance.

County and borough and district fund and raising of deficiency in county fund.

Payment to and out of Local Taxation (Ireland) Account of agricultural grant.

69 & 60 Viet, c. 41.

Ch. 37. Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1898. 61 & 62 Tier.

other than county cess, or than a rate levied under the enactments relating to county cess, continue to be so defrayed, but in any other case shall be defrayed out of the poor rate.

(4.) Provided that the foregoing provisions with respect to the expenses incurred by the council oi an urban county district or county borough shall not extend to the expenses incurred under any provision of this Act amending or extending the Public Health Acts.

47.—(1.) All receipts of a district or county council, whether from rates levied off the whole or any part of the district or county, or from sources other than rates, shall be paid to the treasurer of such council, and the receipt alone of that treasurer shall be a good discharge to the person paying the same ; and, subject to the provisions of this Act, all such receipts shall be carried in a county or other borough to the borough fund, and in any other county or county district to the county or district fund, as the case requires, and all payments for any purpose out of any such fund shall be made by the treasurer;

Provided that the receipt given by a collector of rates in the case of payment of rates, or, where the treasurer is a banking company, by the secretary or clerk of the council in the case of any payment unconnected with rates, shall be a good discharge to the person making the payment, but the amount of the payment shall be forthwith paid by such collector secretary or clerk to the treasurer.

(2.) A council shall not directly or indirectly apply any part of their county or district fund, or any moneys under their control, for any purpose not authorised by this or any other Act, or, in the case of money derived from trust funds, then by the specific trusts affecting those funds.

(3.) In the county fund separate accounts shall be kept of all receipts and payments in respect of county at large, union, urban, and district charges respectively; and if the moneys standing to the county fund on account of any of those charges are insufficient to meet the sums payable in respect thereof, including the sums required to reimburse the treasurer for sums by law payable by him thereout, the county council shall raise the deficiency in manner provided by this Act by means of the poor rate; and the poor rate shall be levied, where the deficiency is in respect of union, urban, or district charges, off the union or district as the case requires, and in any other case off the county at large.

Agricultural Grant

48.—(1.) As from the twenty-ninth day of September next after the passing of this Act, section one of the Local Taxation (Ireland) Estate Duty Act, 1896, shall be repealed, and there shall be annually paid out of the Consolidated Fund to the Local Taxation (Ireland) Account a sum (in this Act referred to as the agricultural grant) equal to half the amount certified under this Act to be taken for the purpose of this Act as having been raised

Digitized by foozle

1898.

Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1898.

Ch. 37.

145

in the whole of Ireland by poor rate and county oess off agricultural Part hi.

land, as herein-a^ter defined, during the twelve months ending as ji

regards poor rate on the twenty-ninth day of September, one ce'

thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven, and as regards county

cess on the last day of June in the same year (which twelve months

are respectively in this Act referred to as the standard financial

year).

(2.) Such portion of the agricultural grant as is certihed under this Act to be payable to each county council shall be issued by the Lord Lieutenant from the Local Taxation (Ireland) Account to that council half-yearly, subject nevertheless to such conditions and provisions as are contained in this Act.

(3.) The first payments under this section to the Local Taxation (Ireland) Account shall be made during the six months ending on the last dav of March next after the passing of this Act, so as to make up the sum required to meet the half-yearly payments to the county councils on account of the six months next ensuing on such last day of March, but such half-yearly payments shall not be applied towards the cost of work done or expenses incurred before such six months.

(4.) The provisions of this Act with respect to agricultural land shall extend to every hereditament entered as land in the valuation list within the meaning of the Valuation Acts which is not part of a railway or canal, but shall not extend to any hereditament situate within the boundary of any borough or of any town which is (for the time being) an urban sanitary district.

49.—(1.) Subject to the provisions herein-after contained with respect to excluded charges, the Local Government Board, on the report of the Commissioner of Valuation made in accordance with the prescribed rules, and on taking into account any exceptional .circumstances which appear to the Board to have caused a variation from the average, shall, as soon as may be after the passing of this Act, certify as respects the standard financial year,—

(a) the amounts to be taken for the purpose of this Act as having been raised in the whole of Ireland by poor rate and county cess off agricultural land and off any other hereditaments respectively; and

(b) the portion of each of those amounts which is to be taken for the purpose of this Act as having been raised in each administrative county—

(i) in respect of county at large charges; and

(ii) in respect of union charges; and

(iii) in respect of urban charges; and

(iv) in respect of district charges; and

(c) the rate in the pound (in this Act referred to as the standard rate) at which poor rate and at which county cess is respectively to be taken for the purpose of this Act as having been levied off agricultural land and off other hereditaments respectively, in each union or district, in respect of county at large and union and urban or district charges added together; and

Certificates by Local Government Board as to poor rate and county ces9 in standard financial year.

K

Google

146

Ch. 37. Local Government {Ireland) Act,1898. G1 & 62 Vier.

Part III. Finance.

(d) any other matters in relation to the poor rate or countyjgsa levied off agricultural land or other hereditament*) that are required by this Act to be certified, or that may appear to the Board to be required for carrying this Act into effect.

(2.) In estimating the sums to be taken for the purpose of this Act as having been raised in any county1, or district, or union, or in estimating the standard rate, all sums raised to meet expenses which, if this Act had been in force in the standard financial 'year would have been raised equally over the whole county or district or union, shall be treated as having been so raised; and any town which is constituted an urban sanitary district or which being an urban sanitary district is added to a rural sanitary district shall, if the order for such constitution or addition was made before the end of six months after the passing of this Act, whether made before or jfter that passing, and whether confirmed or taking effect before or after the end of such six months, be treated as having been so constituted or added, as the case may be, during the standard year; and where a union is divided between more than one administrative county, the amount which would have been apportioned to each divided part shall be ascertained, and treated as having been so raised over a separate union.

(3.) The sum payable to each county out of the agricultural grant shall be equal to half the amounts so certified as aforesaid to be taken as having been raised in the county off agricultural land in respect of county at large and union and district charges when added together, and shall be certified accordingly.

(4.) For the purpose of certificates under this section tho Local Government Board, on the report of the Commissioner of Valuation, shall determine, in tho presciibed manner, the adjustments which are to be made in consequence of any difference between the authorities or the boundaries of counties unions or other areas, as existing in the standard financial year, and as they will exist after the appointed day, or in consequence of other changes made by or in pursuance of this Act.

(5.) The Local Government Board and Commissioner of Valuation in acting under this section shall obtain such information and make such inquiries and in such manner as seems ft, and every officer of any local authority shall give the Board and Commissioner such information and reply to such inquiries and in such form as they or he may require.

(6.) The Local Government Board, on the report of the Commissioner of Valuation, may in case of error amend, or for the purpose of meeting any alteration in an area or authority to which a certificate relates vary, a certificate under this section, and any such amendment or variation shall have effect from the date of the original certificate, or any later date fixed by the amending or varying certificate; but, save as aforesaid, a certificate under this section shall be final and binding on all persons.

(7.) Provisional certificates may, if it is thought necessary, be given for enabling the first payments under this Act to and out

Google

1898.

Local Government ( I) Act, 1898.

Ch. 37.

147

of the Local Taxation (Ireland) Account to be made before sufficient information has been obtained to enable final certificates to be given.

Part III. Finance.

50.—(1.) Where, by virtue of an order respecting the con- Disposal of stitut:on of an urban county district, whether by the constitution agnc°]tural of a new or the extension of the boundaries of an old urban ^institution county district, any agricultural land in a rural district becomes or extension included within the boundaries of the said urban district, such portion of the agricultural grant payable to the council of the county comprising the district as is proportionate to the rateable value in the standard financial year of that agricultural land shall be applied by the county council in manner directed by the said order for the relief of the said land from rates, whether by the payment thereof to the council of the urban district in exchange for an adequate exemption from rates or otherwise.

(2.) This section shall apply to a county borough in like manner as to an urban county district, but in that case the said portion of the agricultural grant shall be paid direct to the council of the county borough instead of to the council of the county at large.

Method of raising Expenses.

51.—(1.) The money required to meet the expenses of a rural liaising of district council or of a board of guardians shall be supplied by the ofSSSSt county council upon the prescribed demand by the district council councils, or board ; and the county council shall pay the money so demanded guardians, out of the county fund.

(2.) The county council shall apportion every amount to be raised by poor for county at large charges, and every amount to be raised for rate> aVd union charges, between any urban district situate in the county or p^icukorai union, and the rest of the county or union, in proportion to rateable grant.. value, and shall also apportion, in proportion to rateable value, every amount to be raised partly off any urban and partly off any rural district in the county, and any amount apportioned as aforesaid to an urban district, and also any urban charge leviable off an urban district shall be paid by the council of that district to the county council upon the prescribed demand.

(3.) The county council shall divide the amount which is not so apportioned to an urban district and is to be raised either for county at large or *union charges, and every amount which is to be raised for district charges, between the agricultural land in the county, union, or district and the other hereditaments therein, in proportion to rateable value.

(4.) There shall be deducted from the amount assigned upon such division to the agricultural land the sum payable out of the agricultural grant to the council—

(а) where the amount is to be raised for county at large charges, then in respect of county at large charges; and

(б) where the amount is to be raised for union or district charges, then in respect of union or district charges in that union or district;

K 2

Google

148

Ch. 37. Local Government ( Irela) Act, 1898. 61 & 62 Vict.

Pakt hi. an certified for the standard financial year, and the balance remaining Finance a^r that deduction shall be the amount to be levied off* the agricultural land in respect of the amount so assigned thereto.

(5.) The council shall raise the several amounts apportioned as above-mentioned to any part of the county which is not an urban district by means of the poor rate, and shall make that poor rate twice a year, and every demand note in respect of that rate shall specify approximately the respective rates in the pound required to raise the several amounts above mentioned, and the rates in the pound to which the sums deducted in respect of the agricultural grant amount.

(6.) Such poor rate shall be made either immediately prior to, or at the beginning of, the first six months of the local financial year and the second six months of that year, and shall be made in respect of the service of such first six months or second six months, as the case may be.

(7.) Every debt, claim, or demand which is directly or indirectly payable out of the poor rate, and becomes due after the passing of this Act, shall be paid within the half year (whether the first or the second six months of the local financial year), in which the same was incurred or became due, or within three months after the expiration of such half year, and not afterwards: Provided that the Local Government Board may, if they think fit, extend the time within which such payment may be made to a time not exceeding twelve months from the date at which the same was incurred or became due.

(8.) If any person claiming any such debt, claim, or demand commences any legal proceedings within the time herein-before limited, or the time to which the Local Government Board may grant extension, and with due diligence prosecutes such proceedings to judgment or other final settlement of the question, such judgment shall be satisfied notwithstanding that the judgment is recovered or the final settlement arrived at after the expiration of the said time, and all proceedings taken by mandamus or otherwise for enforcing such judgment without delay shall be deemed to be within the operation of this enactment

(9.) This section shall apply, with the necessary modifications—

(а) to the making of a poor rate by the council of a county borough or other urban district; and

(б) to a county borough so far as regards the demands of a board of guardians, and the money required to meet those demands or to meet expenses of the council of the borough which under this Act are to be defrayed out of the poor rate: Provided that in a county borough the council may, if they think fit, either immediately prior to or at the beginning of each local financial year, make one poor rate for the whole financial year, and collect the same in equal moieties, one moiety for each h-df year.

Google

1898.

Local Government ( I) Act, 1898.

Ch. 37.

149

Incidence of Rates. Par-mil

Finance.

52.—(1.) The poor rate shall be made upon the occupier and incidence not the landlord of a hereditament, except where under section of poor rate four of the Poor Relief (Ireland) Act, 1843, it is made on the landlord as the immediate lessor of a house let in separate landlord, apartments or lodgings, and except that if made heretofore in 6 & 7 Viet, respect of a half rent under section sixty-three of the Poor Relief c‘ 92' (Ireland) Act, 1838, and the enactments amending the same, it shall continue to be so made.

(2.) The occupier of a hereditament shall not be entitled to deduct from his rent any part of the poor rate, and any contract to the contrary respecting such deduction shall be void; subject nevertheless to the exceptions in this Act and to the provisions herein-after contained respecting occupiers under existing tenancies.

53.—(1.) Where the council of any borough or other urban Bates of urban district or the commissioners of any town independently of this district councils Act can make any rate in respect of any hereditament upon the power to

landlord or immediate lessor, and not on the occupier of the consolidate hereditament, such rate shall be made on the occupier of the rate8* hereditament, except where it is a house let in separate apartments or lodgings, and except that if made heretofore in respect of a half rent under section sixty-three of the Poor Relief (Ireland)

Act, 1838, and the enactments amending the same, it shall continue to be so made ; Provided that the foregoing provisions of this section shall not apply to a rate under a local Act in any county borough, if the council of that borough by a majority of not less than two-thirds of the members present at a meeting specially summoned for the purpose so resolve.

(2.) Where an urban district council independently of this Act—

(а) can raise a sum by a rate upon the same basis as the poor rate, that sum may be raised by means of the poor rate, but as a separate item thereof, and any right to deduct any part of the said rate from rent shall continue as respects that item; or

(б) can make more than one rate upon the same basis, but on a basis different from that of the poor rate, such rates may be consolidated and made, levied, collected, and recovered as one rate, and be made half-yearly, but the demand note shall specify the amount in the pound required for each such rate.

(3.) “ The same basis ” in this section means the same property, the same rateable value, and subject to the same exemptions.

54.—(1.) Where the poor rate is made upon an occupier of any Adjustment holding under an existing tenancy, then, until the tenancy is determined or a new statutory term in the tenancy begins, the occujSiw and following provisions shall have effect as from the gale day next landlord in after the appointed day :— con^3tar5T °f

(a.) Where the occupier is entitled to deduct from his rent

one-half of the county cess, the rent shall be reduced by half change in . the appropriate standard amount (herein-after defined) : incidence of

Digitized by Google

150

Past III.

Finance

Ch. 37. Local Government {Ireland) Act, 1898. 61 & 62 Vict.

(b.) Where the occupier is entitled to deduct from his rent one-half of the poor rate, and the holding is not agricultural land, the rent shall be reduced by half the appropriate standard amount:

(c.) Where the occupier is entitled to deduct from his rent the whole of the county cess or poor rate, the rent shall be reduced, in the case of cess, by the whole of the appropriate standard amount, and in the case of poor rate, where the holding is agricultural land by half, and where it is not agricultural land by the whole, of the appropriate standard amount:

{d.) Where the occupier is not entitled to make any deduction from his rent in respect of poor rate, and the holding is agricultural land, be shall be liable to pay annually to his landlord a sum equal to half the appropriate standard amount, and such sum shall be recoverable as, and be deemed for all purposes to be, part of his rent.

(2.) Provided that where the occupier is entitled to deduct from his rent a sum less than one-half of the county cess or of the poor rate, as the case may be, the foregoing provisions shall apply, with the exception that a sum bearing such proportion to half the appropriate standard amount as the amount he was entitled to deduct bore to half the county cess or poor rate, shall be substituted for a sum equal to half the appropriate standard amount.

(3.) An occupier entitled, whether by law or contract, to deduct a sum from his rent shall be deemed entitled to deduct within the meaning of this section; and where a person under the law existing at the time of his contract of tenancy, or under his contract of tenancy, is not liable to any cess or rate, he shall be in the same position under this section as if he were entitled to deduct the whole of that cess or rate from his rent.

(4) Where a person receiving rent in respect of any holding which is not agricultural land also pays rent in respect of such holding, and the rent he receives is reduced by virtue of this section, the rent he pays shall, except where under the termB of his contract he is not entitled to make any deduction from his rent in respect of rates, be reduced by a sum bearing such proportion to the amount of the reduction as the rent he pays bears to the rent he receives.

(5.) Where part of a holding is agricultural land and part is not agricultural land, the foregoing provisions of this section shall apply separately to each such part as if it were a separate holding.

(6.) The “standard amount” for the purposes of this section means, in relation to any holding a sum equal to what is produced by a rate on the rateable value of the holding in the standard financial year, according to the standard rate of poor rate or county cess, as the case requires.

; (7.) Where any change of the rent of a holding, whether by way of reduction, payment, or deduction, caused by the provisions of this section, would amount to less than sixpence, no such change shall be made; and where though exceeding sixpence it would involve a fraction of sixpence, then if the fraction amounts to

Google

1898.

Local Govei'nment ( Ireland) Act, 1898. * Ch. 87.

151

threepence or upwards, the change shall include the full sixpence Part iu. and if the fraction amounts to less than threepence the change — shall exclude the fraction. FmaHce'

(8.) Any difference which may arise as to the amount to be deducted or paid by occupiers under existing tenancies in pursuance of this section, shall be referred to the Commissioner of Valuation, whose decision shall be final.

(9.) Aji occupier of any holding under an existing tenancy shall, until the tenancy is determined or a new statutory term in the tenancy begins, be entitled notwithstanding any provision of this Act, to deduct from his rent the like proportion of any sum paid by him for poor rate oil account of any railway, harbour, navigation or public health charge, as he would have been entitled to deduct from his rent on account of any cess or rate to meet the charge, if the provisions of this Act with reference to the deduction of poor rate from his rent had not been enacted, and in the case of existing charges, as if the charge had continued to be raised by the same cess or rate as previously.

(10.) The secretary of the county council, including the town clerk of a county borough, shall, on request by the landlord or occupier of any holding, give a certificate of the rateable value of the holding and of the standard rate in the pound under this Act for the union or district in which the holding is situate, and, where part of the holding is agricultural land and part is not agricultural land, shall distinguish the rateable value of each such part. The said certificate shall be in such form, and contain buch particulars, and the said secretary shall be entitled to such payment for each certificate as may be prescribed.

(11.) Where the existing tenancy of a holding in an urban district is constituted by a lease for lives, or a lease of which not less than five years are unexpired on the appointed day, then, notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of this section, the rent of such holding shall be unaltered, but the occupier shall be entitled to deduct from his rent such portion of the amount of poor rate actually paid by him from time to time in respect of such . holding as he would have been entitled to deduct if this Act had not passed, or, if he was entitled before the passing of this Act to deduct all the poor rate and county cess, then the whole of the poor rate so actually paid.

(12.) Where the occupier of a hereditament in an urban district becomes, by reason of this Act, liable to pay all or part of any rate made by the council of such urban district, other than the poor rate, and such rate was previously made upon the landlord, or immediate lessor, he shall, until his tenancy determines, be entitled, save so far as his contract of tenancy otherwise provides, to deduct the amount for which he so becomes liable from his rent.

55. After the appointed day a fair rent in a rural district shall be Consideration fixed under the Land Law (Ireland) Acts on the assumption that there jj, has been no decrease or increase of the rate in the pound of poor rate of poor rate as compared with the total rate in the pound to which the standard in fixin8 rates for poor rate and county cess as certified under this Act, when foments.

A"

Digitized by LjOOQle

152

. Ch, 37. Ijocal Government ( IreAct, 1898, 61 & 62 Vicr.

Part III.

Finance.

59 & 60 Viet, c. 47.

Sji€ci <1 provision as to charges for pol ice and compensation for criminal injuries.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 13.;

60 & 61 Viet, c. 64.

Special provisions as to charges for railways, harbours, navigations, aud public health and labourers' dwellings.

40 ± 47 Viet, c. 43.

52 & 63 Viet, o. 00.

63 & 51 Viet, c. 52.

59 & 00 Viet.

v. 3k

9 k 10 Viet. c. 3.

29 k SO Viet, e. 45.

added together, amount, and that the tenant is to have any benefit from the agricultural grant given in respect of the county cess, and that the landlord is to have any benefit from the agricultural grant given in respect of the poor rate; and where after the appointed day any such fair rent is fixed there shall be recorded in the schedule specified in section one of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1896, the standard amount as defined in the preceding section both for poor rate and county cess, and the benefit in respect of the holding received by the landlord and tenant respectively out of the agricultural grant.

Excluded Charges,

56. —(1.) In estimating the sums raised by county cess, and estimating the standard rate, the Local Government Board on the report of the Commissioner of Valuation shall exclude such amount as they determine is to be taken as having been raised during the standard financial year in any area for the purpose—

(a) of expenses in relation to additional constabulary under tLe Constabulary (Ireland) Acts, 1836 to 1897 ; or (b) of compensation for criminal injuries as before defined; and the amount so excluded is in this Act included in the expression “ excluded charges.”

(2.) The amount required to meet any charge in connexion with such expenses or compensation shall be separately estimated and raised by means of the poor rate, but as a separate item thereof, and the provisions of this Act with respect to raising expenses and to the poor rate shall apply with the necessary modifications; Provided that—

(a) the provisions with respect to the division between agricultural land and other hereditaments, and the deduction in respect of the amount assigned to agricultural land, shall not apply; and

(b) the amount may be raised as heretofore off any area though less than a district or union, and for that purpose there shall be a separate account in the county fund.

57. —(1.) In estimating the sums raised by poor rate and county cess, and in estimating the standard rate, the Local Government Board on the report of the Commissioner of Valuation shall exclude such amount as they determine is to be taken as having' been raised during the standard financial year, in any area for the purpose—

(a)of any railway or harbour charge, that is to say, any charge in connexion with—

(i) any railway or tramway under the Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883, the Light Railways (Ireland) Act, 1889, or the Railways (Ireland) Act, 1890, or any special Act, whether public or local; or

(ii) any railway or means of communication under the Railways (Ireland) Act, 1896; or

(iii) any harbour, pier, or quay, under the Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1846, the Piers and Harbours (Ireland)

Digitized by LjOoq Le

. 1898.

Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1898.

. Ch.37.

153

Act, 1866, the Public Works Loans Act, 1882, the Sea Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1883, or the Public Works Loans Act, 1887, or under any Bpecial Act, wLether public or local; or

(iv) any work under the Relief of Distress (Ireland) Act, 1880, and the Acts amending the same; or

(6) of any navigation or public health charge, that is to say, any charge in connexion with—

(i) navigation works under the Drainage and Navigation (Ireland) Acts, 1842 to 1857, or any special Act whether public or local; or

(ii) special expenses leviable off a contributory place in a rural sanitary district, either under the Public Health Acts or under any enactment directing expenses to be levied as expenses under those Acts;

and the amount so excluded is in this Act included in the expression “ excluded charges.”

(2.) The amount required to meet payments in respect of any railway or harbour charge, or any navigation or public health charge, 6hall be separately estimated and raised by means of the poor rate, but as a separate item thereof, and the provisions of this Act with respect to raising expenses and to the poor rate shall apply with the necessary modifications;

Provided that—

(a) the provisions with respect to the division between agricultural land and other hereditaments and the deduction in respect of the amount assigned to agricultural land shall not apply ; and

(b) the amount may be raised as heretofore off any area though less than a district or union, and for that purpose there shall be a separate account in the county fund-

(3.) The provisions of this Act with reference to the fixing of fair rents shall not apply in the case of any item of the poor rate raised under this section.

(4.) The expenses incurred by a sanitary authority, in the execution of the Labourers Acts, 1883 to 1896, when incurred in the standard year, shall not be deemed to have been special expenses within the meaning of this section, and when hereafter incurred, whether in respect of transactions begun before or after the passing of this Act shall be expenses incurred in relation to the business of the council of a rural district, and be levied as district charges accordingly.

Licence Duties and Local Grants.

58.—(1.) After the thirty-first day of March next after the passing of this Act there shall be annually paid out of the Consolidated Fund to the Local Taxation (Ireland) Account—

(a) a sum equal to the amount which is ascertained in manner provided by the regulations of the Treasury to be the proceeds, in the previous financial year, of the duties collected in Ireland

Part III.

Finance.

45 A 40 Viet, c. 62.

40 Sc 47Viet, c. 26.

60 151 Viet, c. 37.

43 Viet. c. 4.

6 & 6 Viet. e. 80. 20 4 21 Viet.

C. 23.

46 & 47 Viet, c. 60.

59 & CO Viet, c. 53.

Payment of proceeds of local taxation licences and of 79,000/. annually to Local Taxation (Ireland)

Digitized by LjOOQle

/

154

Ch. 37# Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1898. 61 & 63 Yict.

Pabx hi.

Finance. Account and payments there a ut in lieu of local grants. 51 & 52 Viet, c. 41.

by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue on the local taxation licenses specified in the Third Schedule to this Act, and such amount shall be ascertained in like manner as under section twenty of the Local Government Act, 1888; and . (6) an annual sum of seventy-nine thousand pounds.

(2.) Whereas by reason of this section certain giants heretofore made out of the Exchequer in aid of the rates will cease, the Lord Lieutenant shall cause to be paid in respect of every local financial year, out of the Local Taxation (Ireland) Account, at such times and by such payments as he may direct, the following sums, namely,—

(a) to each county council, on behalf of the guardians of every union, the following amounts towards the salaries approved by the Local Government Board of the following officers, namely,

(i) one-half of the said salaries of the medical officers of the workhouse and dispensaries in respect of their duties under those guardians; and

(ii) one-half of the said salary of one trained nurse in each workhouse, who is actually employed and possesses the prescribed qualifications; and

(iii) the whole of the said salaries of schoolmasters and schoolmistresses in the workhouses;

and also one-half of the cost of such medicines and medical and surgical appliances as are provided in accordance with the prescribed conditions; and

(b) to each county council, on behalf of every rural district in the county, and to each urban district council, one-half of the salaries approved by the Local Government Board of sanitary officers in respect of their duties under the district council; and

(c) to each county council who satisfy the Lord Lieutenant that they have fulfilled their duty with respect to accommodation and buildings for lunatic poor, and that their lunatic asylum is well managed and in good order and condition, and the lunatics therein properly maintained and cared for, sums at the rate for each lunatic in the asylum for whom the net charge upon the council (after deducting any amount received by them for his maintenance from any source other than poor rate) is equal to or exceeds four shillings a week throughout the period of maintenance for which the sum is calculated, of one*balf of such net charge, or four shillings a week, whichever is least

(3.) Where a union is situate in more counties than one, the amount payable as aforesaid on behalf of the guardians of the union shall be divided between the counties in the proportion in which the expenses of such guardians are divided.

(4.) Where the amount required to be raised in any area by a county council in any local financial year, in order to meet any railway or harbour charge connected with any guarantee given or transaction occurring before the passing of this Act, or to meet

\

1893.

Local Government {Ireland) Act, 189$.

Ch. 37.

155

two or more such charges when added together, exceeds, or would Pam iii. but for the payments hereinafter mentioned exceed, a sum equal to sixpence in the pound on the rateable value of the area, the Lord Lieutenant, on the report of the Commissioner of Valuation of those facts, may pay to the county council out of the sum paid under this section to the Local Taxation (Ireland) Account a sum equal to one-half of such excess to be applied by that council in reduction of the said amount.

(5.) If the amount paid under this section to the Local Taxation (Ireland) Account is insufficient to meet the sums payable thereout under this section, those sums shall be proportionately abated a3 directed by the Lord Lieutenant, but, if the amount exceeds the sums so payable, the excess shall be accumulated and applied to meet any future deficiency, and subject thereto be applied in such manner as Parliament directs.

(6.) All sums paid to the Local Taxation (Ireland) Account under this section shall form part of the contingent portion of the guarantee fund under the Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1891. 54 & 55 Viet.

Generali

59. —(1.) All sums directed by this Act to be paid out of General

the Consolidated Fund shall be charged on and paid out of the provisions Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdoni, or the growing produce thereof, at such times and by such instalments as the dated Fond Treasury direct. *nd “ 1<0cal

(2.) The Treasury may make regulations respecting the accounts (JSsmd) of the receipts and expenditure of the Local Taxation (Ireland) Account. Account, and for carrying into effect the provisions of this Act with respect to such Account, and in particular for carrying to separate credits the several sums payable under this or any other Act to that Account, and for the accumulation and investment of sums directed to be accumulated, and for the audit of the said accounts ; and such regulations shall be duly observed, and the regulations made under this section, and an annual return of the said accounts when audited, shall be laid before Parliament.

60. The term within which a loan borrowed by the county Term of council is to be repaid shall be such period, not exceeding sixty years, as the council, with the consent of the Local Government councils.7 Board, determine in each case, having regard to the duration of the

work or object for which the loan is borrowed.

61. —(1.) A loan raised after the passing of this Act, under the Loans to Poor Relief (Ireland) Act, 1838, and any Acts amending that Act, including the Medical Charities Acts, shall be repaid within such ? & 2 vict period, not exceeding sixty years, as the guardians with the sanction c. 56.

of the Local Government Board may determine, either by equal yearly or half-yearly instalments of principal or principal and interest, or by means of a sinking fund.

(2.) The provisions of section two hundred and thirty-eight of the Public Health Act, 1878, respecting a sinking fund, shall apply to the said sinking fund.

Digitized by v^ooQie

156

Ch. 37. Local Government (.IrelaAct, 1898. 61 & 62 Vict.

Pam HI. Finance,

Amendment of 53 & 54 Yict. c. 30.

Amendment of law as to audit.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 109.

85 & 36 Vict. c. 69.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 56.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 109.

(3.) Guardians may borrow money under the Poor Relief (Ireland) Act, 1838, and any Acts amending that Act, including the Medical Charities Acts, for the purpose of repaying any outstanding part of any loan raised 4by them under those Acts which they have power to repay.

(4.) Any money so borrowed shall be repaid in the manner directed by this section, and within the same period as that originally sanctioned for the repayment of the loan, unless the Local Government Board consent to the period for repayment being enlarged, but that period shall in no case exceed sixty years from the date of the original borrowing.

(5.) For the purpose of this section the expression “ outstanding ” means not repaid by instalments, or by means of a sinking fund, or out of capital money properly applicable for the purpose of repayment other than money borrowed for that purpose.

(6.) A loan raised by guardians shall not be of such amount as exceeds, or will make the total debt of the guardians under the Acts above in this section mentioned exceed, one-fourth of the total annual rateable value of the union: Provided that the Local Government Board by Provisional Order may extend the said maximum to double the amount above authorised, and the provisions of the Public Health Acts and this Act with respect to Provisional Orders shall apply with the necessary modifications.

(7.) In the Poor Relief (Ireland) Act, 1838, and any other enactment relating to borrowing by boards of guardians, the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland shall, as respects any borrowing after the passing of this Act, be substituted for the Public Works Loan Commissioners, and the loan may be made for the period above mentioned.

62. In the construction of the Poor Law Acts (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1890, sub-section two of section two of the said Act shall have effect only in cases in which the local authority have come to such determination as in the first sub-section of the said section is mentioned.

63.—(1.) Sections twelve and thirteen of the Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1871, as amended by the Local Government Board (Ireland) Act, 1872, shall apply to the audit of the accounts of boards of guardians and their officers in like manner as it applies to the audit of accounts of governing bodies of towns and their officers; and notwithstanding anything in section one hundred and fourteen of the Poor Relief (Ireland) Act, 1838, the legality of an order of the guardians may be questioned by the auditor in like manner as the legality of an order of the governing body of a town.

(2.) Where an application, under this section or under the said section twelve of the Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1871, is made to the Local Government Board against any allowance, disallowance, or surcharge, made by any auditor of the Board—

(a)the Board may decide the application according to the merits of the case, and if the Board find that any disallowance or surcharge was lawfully made, but that the subject matter

Digitized by Google

1898

Local Goveimment (I) Act, 1898.

Ch. 37.

157

thereof was incurred under such circumstances as to make it fair and equitable that the disallowance or surcharge should be remitted, they may direct that the same shall be remitted upon payment of the costs (if any) which may have been incurred by the auditor or other competent authority in enforcing the disallowance or surcharge; and

(b) the decision of the Board shall be final; and

(c) section thirteen of the Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1871, shall apply, as if the sum found by the decision of the Local Government Board to be due from any person were at the date of such decision certified by the auditor to be due, and there was no appeal.

64. The charge for auditing a accounts of a county council in any year shall not exceed the sum of one hundred pounds.

65. —(1.) A general revaluation of rateable hereditaments under the Valuation Acts may be made, as respects a county borough, on the application of the council, and the council so applying shall pay such portion, not exceeding one-half, of the costs of the revaluation as the Treasury direct, and upon any such general revaluation the land in the borough shall be valued in the manner directed by section eleven of the Valuation (Ireland) Act, 1852, with respect to houses and buildings.

(2.) Where part of a union is within and part without any county borough in respect of which a revaluation is made under this section, the total amount to be raised for union charges in that union shall be apportioned between each such part of the union in proportion to the rateable value of each part at the date when the revaluation under this section came into force: Provided that after the expiration of five years from that date, if no general revision has meantime been made, the Commissioner of Valuation, if satis6ed by the council of the borough or the guardians representing the electoral divisions of the union situated outside the borough, or a majority of them, that the apportionment has become inequitable by reason of subsequent changes in the value of any hereditaments in the union, may revise the proportion in which the union charges are to be apportioned. This enactment shall apply to the police district of Dublin metropolis and to the Dublin bridge area within the meaning of the Dublin Port and Docks Board and Bridges Act, 1876, as if it were a union, but with the substitution of the county council of the county of Dublin, with respect to the revision of the apportionment, for the said guardians.

(3.) In this section the expression “ general revaluation ” means a general revision under section thirty-four of the Valuation (Ireland) Act, 1852.

Collection of Rates and Duties in Dublin.

66. On and after the first day of October one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, or such other day not more than six months earlier or later as may be appointed under Part Eight of this Act by the Lo^al Government Board, the following provisions

Part III.

Finance.

34 & 35 Viet, c. 109.

Charge for auditing accounts of county counoil. Amendment of 15 & 16 Viet c. 63. and 17 & 18 Viet. c. 8. as to general revaluation.

39 & 40 Viet, c. Ixxxv.

15 & 16 Viet, c. 63.

Collector • General of Rates, Dublin.1

Digitized by foozle

158

Ch. 37. Loc'd Government {Ireland) Act, 1898. 61 & 62 Yict.

Part IIL Finance,

shall apply with respect to the Dublin Collector-General of Kates and to the poor rate, police rate, bridge tax, and bridge rate:—

(1.) The poor rate shall be levied in the city of Dublin in like manner as in the rest of Ireland, and all enactments with respect to making, levying, collecting, and recovering the poor rate shall apply accordingly;

(2.) The Commissioner of Police of Dublin Metropolis under the Dublin Metropolis Police Acts shall, at the prescribed time before the beginning of every local financial year, estimate the amount of money which he finds necessary for the maintenance of the police force, and for the several purposes of the said Acts during that year, not exceeding the amount which the Commissioner is, under the said Acts, or any of them, entitled to raise by a rate thereunder;

(3.) The Dublin Port and Docks Board shall, at the prescribed time before the beginning of every local financial year, estimate the amount of money which they require to be raised in that year for the purpose of the bridge tax (if any) and bridge rate respectively;

(4.) The Commissioner and Board respectively shall apportion each amount so estimated between the city of Dublin and the rest of the police district of Dublin metropolis, or of the bridge area (as the case may be) which is outside the city of Dublin, and shall so apportion according to rateable value, and shall send to the council for the city of Dublin a demand for the amount apportioned to that city, and to the council of-the county of Dublin a demand for the amount apportioned to the rest of the police district or bridge area; and each council shall pay by equal half-yearly payments the amount specified in such demand, less five per cent, as and for the cost of collection and irrecoverable rates and office expenses, and also less such sum (if any) as the Local Government Board certify in each half-year to be the proportion of the C dlector-General's annuity herein-aftar mentioned properly chargeable against any such payment;

(5.) The council of the city of Dublin shall raise, either by means of a separate rate or by means of the poor rate but as a separate item thereof, a sum equal to the amounts specified in such demand, but the demand note shall specify approximately the amount in the pound required for each amount;

(6.) A sum equal to each <>f the amounts specified in such demand on the county council of the county *>f Dublin shall be raised in manner provided by this Act with respect to a railway or harbour charge; but a council, in lieu of raising the amount required to meet the same by means of the poor rate, may, if they think fit, raise it by levying a separate rate;

(7.) A council levying a separate rate for the purpose of this section shall make, levy, and collect the same upon the same basis and in like manner as the poor rate, and all enactments relating to the poor rate shall apply accordingly, with the

Digitized by v^ooQle

1898.

Local Government (Ireland)'Act, 1898.

Ch. 37.

159

exception that a person shall not be disqualified for being Part iii. registered as a parliamentary or local government elector by -—

reason of the non-payment of any such separate rate;

(8.) Where any property would but for this section be liable to be assessed for the purpose of raising any amount which under this section is to be raised by the poor rate, such property shall be liable for the purpose of that amount to be assessed to the poor rate and to the said separate rate;

(9.) In this section the expression “ bridge tax ” means the quay 17 & is vict wall tax and bridge tax leviable under the Dublin Bridge Act, c. 22.

1854; and the expression “ bridge rate ” means the rate leviable 89Jxxx° Vict' under the Dublin Port and Docks Board and Bridges Act,

1876 ; and the expression “ bridge area ” has the same meaning as in the latter Act;

(10.) The offices of the Collector-General of Rates under the 12 & 13 vie*. Dublin Collection of Rates Act, 1849, and of his officers, shall c. 91. be abolished, without prejudice to the provisions of the Dublin 88c*xf^ Vict' Corporation Act, 1890; and the persons who on the last day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight, held the said offices, and continue to hold them until abolition of their offices, shall be entitled to abolition superannuation allowance in accordance with section seventy (A) of the said Act of 1890, and that section shall apply, with the necessary modifications, and in particular with the substitution of the Local Government Board for the Lord Lieutenant;

(11.) The compensation granted in pursuance of this section to the Collector-General, or any such officer, shall be apportioned in manner provided by sub-section two of section seventy-one of the Dublin Corporation Act, 1890, as if it were the abolition compensation mentioned in that section;

(12.) Any sum which on such apportionment is payable by the corporation of the city of Dublin, and such portions of any superannuation allowances, abolition superannuation allowances, or abolition compensation, as under the said section seventy-one are payable by the said corporation, shall be paid by the council of the city of Dublin to the Local Government Board;

(13.) Such portions of any compensation granted in pursuance of this section, or of any superannuation allowances, abolition superannuation allowances, or abolition compensation, under section seventy-one of the Dublin Corporation Act, 1890, as are payable otherwise than by the corporation of the city of Dublin (the total of which portions is in this Act referred to as the Collector-General's annuity) shall be obtained by the Local Government Board from, and be pa}rable by, the county councils of the county at large and the city of Dublin in the proportions ascertained as herein-after mentioned ;

(14.) The Local Government Board shall certify the amount raised during the twelve months ending the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight by the Collector-General of Rates in the police district of Dublin metropolis in respect of poor rate, police rate, bridge

Digitized by ^.ooQle

160

Ce. 37. Local Government ( Irela , 1898. 61 & 62 Vict.

Part III. Finance.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 65.

57 & 58 Vict. c. 49.

Duties* on Dublin

pawnbrokers* licences under 48 G. 3. c. 140.

G. 3. xii.

tax (if any), and bridge rate, distinguishing the total amount raised within and the total amouut raised without the city of Dublin, and shall determine approximately, according to the proportions to each other of the said totals, the proportion of the Collector-General's annuity which should be borne by the city and county of Dublin respectively;

(15.) The council of the city of Dublin and the council of the county of Dublin respectively shall pay the proportion of the Collector-General's annuity to be borne by the city or county, as the case may be, and that proportion shall be raised as an addition to the several amounts to be raised by the council of the said city or county under this section ;

(16.) Every sum to be paid to the Local Government Board in pursuance of this section shall be certified by the Board, and be paid to that Board by the council of the city or county of Dublin, as the case may be, and be a debt to the Crown from that council, and shall be applied by the Local Government Board in paying the allowances or compensation for the time being payable thereout, and so far as not required for that purpose shall be repaid to the council paying the same;

(17.) The lists of voters and jurors shall be made out in the city of Dublin in like manner as in the rest of Ireland, and the Registration Acts and the Juries (Ireland) Acts, 1871 to 1894, shall apply accordingly;

(18.) The Acts specified in Part Four of the First Schedule to this Act are in this section referred to by the short and collective titles therein mentioned.

67. The duties payable by pawnbrokers under section sixty-six of the Dublin Police Magistrates Act, 1808, and the Act therein mentioned, in any part of the police district of Dublin metropolis, shall be payable to and be collected by the council of the borough or county district where the place of business of the pawnbroker in respect of which the duties are paid is situate, and the amount so received by such council shall be applied in aid of their expenses in the execution of this Act, and the receiver mentioned in the said section shall cease to have any concern with the said duties.

Part IV.

Boundaries

and

Adjustment.

Boundaries of

counties,

unions, rural

districts, and

district

electoral

divisions.

PART IV.

Boundaries and Adjustment.

68.—(1.) The first council elected under this Act for a county shall, subject as herein-after mentioned, be elected for the county as bounded at the passing of this Act for the purposes of the grand jury (in this Act referred to as the existing judicial county), or where such county is for those purposes divided into ridings, for the riding: Provided that the Local Government Board, by order made within six months after the passing of this Act, may alter for the purpose of the election of such council the boundaries of any existing judicial county, and if that order is made the first council shall be elected for the county as so altered.

Digitized by i^ooQle

1898.

Local Government {Ireland) Act, 1898.

Ch. 37.

161

(2.) The county council shall have for the purposes of this Act Pa*t iv* authority throughout the county for which it is elected (in this Boundaries Act referred to as an administrative county), and that county as and bo inded for the purpose of the first election shall, subject to Adjustment. alterations made in pursuance of any Order in Council under Part Six of this Act, be for all the purposes of this Act the county of such county council.

(3.) In exercising their powers under this Act or any Order in Council made under Part Six of this Act, whether in making an order or in confirming an order made by a county council, and in the exercise of their existing powers to alter by order district electoral divisions or the boundaries of unions, the Local Government Board shall secure that—

(a) the boundaries of counties at large and unions as existing at the date of the order shall be preserved, except in any case where the preservation thereof would cause substantial inconvenience ; and

(b) a union shall not, if it is conveniently possible to avoid it, be divided between more than two counties, and shall not in any case be divided between more than three counties; and

(c) where a union is divided between more than one count)', the area of each divided part, so far as it is not contained in an urban sanitary district, shall of sufficient size and rateable value to constitute a suitable rural district; and

{d) a district electoral division shall be situate wholly in one county district; and

(e) a county district shall be situate wholly in one county.

(4.) Where a union is divided between more than one county, each divided part, so far as it is not contained in an urban sanitary district, shall be a separate rural sanitary district.

(5.) If the Local Government Board amalgamate two unions, they may, after communication with the county council and rural district councils concerned, either amalgamate the rural districts in the same county which are comprised in the amalgamated unions, or direct that those districts shall continue as separate rural districts, and in either case may make such arrangements as may be necessary for protecting the interests of the officers of the district councils holding office at the time of the amalgamation, and for that purpose the Union Officers (Ireland) Act, 1885, shall apply 48 & 49 Vicus to officers of the district councils in like manner as it applies to the c* 80-officers of boards of guardians.

(6.) The power of the Local Government Board to divide a poor law electoral division into wards or to combine poor law electoral divisions for the purpose only of election shall cease, but nothing in this Act, nor in any Order made thereunder, shall affect—

(а) any power of the Local Government Board in relation to

sanitary districts under section seven of the Public Health 41 & 42 Viet. Act, 1878 ; or «• 52*

(б) the general power of the Board to combine, divide or otherwise alter district electoral divisions;

and the Board in the exercise of any such power may divide any townland ;

L

Digitized by v^ooQle

162

Ch. 37. Local Government ( Irela, 1898. 61 & 62 Vict.

Pakt IV.

Boundaries

and

Adjustment.

Boundaries of counties for judicial, militia, jury, police, and other purposes, and provision as to revocation of borough commission of the peace and as to certain clerks of Crown and peace.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 76.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 23.

Provided that any order of the Local Government Board combining, dividing, or otherwise altering district electoral divisions if made after the first day of May in any calendar year, shall apply to lists of electors in the next calendar year, and to any register of electors formed out of such lists, and to elections held after the time at which the register of electors no formed has come into force, and shall not apply previously.

(7.) Such changes in the Ordnance map as appear to the Lord Lieutenant in Council to be rendered necessary by this Act, or any Order in Council made thereunder, shall be made through the Commissioner of Valuation in manner directed by the Lord Lieutenant in Council.

69.—(1.) A place which, for the purposes of this Act, is a part of an administrative county shall, subject as in this section mentioned, form part of that county for all other purposes, whether assizes, sheriff, lieutenant, custos rotulorum, justices, general quarter or petty sessions, jurors, militia, police* registration, coroner, clerk of the peace, or other county officers, or otherwise, and a sheriff and lieutenant for the counties of the cities of Belfast and Londonderry may accordingly be appointed in like manner as for any other county of a city named in section four of the Municipal Privilege (Ireland) Act, 1876, and as respects the sheriff in the manner in the said Act provided, and a sheriff and lieutenant shall cease to be appointed for those counties of cities and towns which under this Act do not become county boroughs.

(2.) Provided that—

(а) the entire county of Tipperary shall, subject to variation of boundaries, continue to be one county for the said purposes so far as it is one county at the passing of this Act; and

(б) nothing in this Act, nor anything done in pursuance of this Act, shall alter the limits of any parliamentary borough or parliamentary county within the meaning of the Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885, or confer any right to vote at the election of a member to serve in Parliament in any parliamentary borough where such right did not previously exist.

(3.) The court house of a county at large, when situate within a county of a city or town, shall, while it continues to be such court house, be deemed to form part of the body of such county at large; provided that if any court held for the county of the city, or town is held in such court house, the court house shall then be deemed, for the purpose of the jurisdiction of that court, to be part of the body of the county of the city or town.

(4.) It shall be lawful for Her Majesty the Queen, on petition from the council of any borough other than a county borough, by letters patent, to revoke the grant of the commission of the peace for the borough, and to make such provision as to Her Majesty seems proper for the protection of interests existing at the date of the revocation.

Digitized by LjOOQie

1898.

Local Government ( I) Act, 1898.

Ch. 37.

163

(5.) Notwithstanding anything in this Act, the same officer shall Part IV. continue to be clerk of the Crown, and when the offices of clerk Boundaries of the Crown and clerk of the peace are amalgamated shall be clerk of the Crown and peace, for the county of Antrim and for Adjustment. the county of the city of Belfast constituted by this Act, and the same officer shall continue to be clerk of the Crown and peace for the county of Londonderry, and for the county of the city of Londonderry constituted by this Act.

(6.) Nothing in this Act shall affect the provisions of section twenty-five of the Municipal Corporations (Ireland) Act, 1843, 6 & 7 vict nor those provisions of section one of the Quarter Sessions (Ireland) 8 &895vict Act, 1845, which relate to the county of the city of Kilkenny. c. 80;

(7.) The Juries (Ireland) Acts, 1871 to 1894, shall extend to any 84 & 35 Vict. county of a city constituted by this Act, in like manner as if it were g'76^}38 viot mentioned in the same class in the First and Second Schedules 8 49. 10 *

respectively to the Jurors' Qualification (Ireland) Act, 1876, as *40 Vict. that in which the counties of the cities of Dublin and Cork arc c. 21. mentioned, and jurors' books shall be made for such county of a city accordingly.

70.—(1.) Where any county of a city or town becomes by virtue Adjustment of this Act part of a county at large, then, on the application within relations1111 the prescribed time of the council for any district, urban or rural, between which comprises all or any part of the area of such county of a city county at or town, the Local Government Board shall make an adjustment as Merged1 d between that area and the rest of the said county at large respecting county of the contribution by the said area to the county at large charges citJ or (whether for the salaries of the county officers or main road or town* other purposes), and as respects the declaration of any roads within the said area to be main roads; and any order made upon such application in respect of the main roads shall have the same effect as if it were a declaration by the county council under this Act in respect of such roads.

(2.) Any order for adjustment under this section shall bo subject to appeal within the prescribed time to the Appeal Commission mentioned in this Act, and in the event of an appeal the order shall be suspended, but shall afterwards operate as from the date at which it would but for the appeal have operated, or from any later date fixed by the Commission on the appeal.

71.—(1.) If, after the expiration of not less than fifteen years from the date herein after mentioned the council either of a county or of an urban county district as respects the financial relations between such county and district, or the council of any county district as respects the financial relations between that district and any other county district, allege that the said financial relations are inequitable, and satisfy the Local Government Board that there is reasonable ground for that allegation, the Board may inquire into the circumstances, and, if they think it just so to do, may by order alter the financial relations, but such order where it alters the provisions of any local Act or Provisional Order shall be a Provisional Order.

Periodical revision of financial relations between cjunty and urban district or between two county districts.

L 2

Digitized by ^ooQie

164

Ch. 37.

Local Government ( Ireland)Act, 1898. 61 & 62 Vicr.

Pam IV.

Boundaries

and

Adjustment.

Pam V.

Supplemental.

General provisions as to transfer of business to county and district councils and as to use of court house.

Adaptation to county and district councils of 60 & 61 Viet, c. 43.

(2.) f‘Financial relations” means the relations between the county and urban county district, or between the two county districts, as respects the burden of the expense of the maintenance or construction of any road or public work, or of the salaries of the county officers, or of any other county at large or district charges, or as respects any contribution by the county or any district to such expenses, salaries, or charges, whether such relations are specified in any Act, or Provisional Order confirmed by an Act, or in any agreement or order made under Part Two of this Act in respect of any public work, or by any adjustment made in pursuance of this Act, or of an Order in Council under this Act, or are not so specified.

(3.) The date from which the said fifteen years are to be calculated shall be the passing of this Act, or in case of any Act, Provisional Order, agreement, order, or adjustment, made before or after the passing of this Act, then the date at which the Act, Provisional Order, agreement, order, or adjustment came into operation, or in the case of an order under this section then the date of that order.

PART V.

Supplemental.

As to the Powers of County and District Councils.

72. —(1.) Any council, board, or court shall, as respects the business by this Act transferred to them from any authority, be subject to the provisions and limitations affecting them, whether in this Act or in any Order in Council made under Part Six of this Act, but, save as aforesaid, shall have all the powers and duties of the authority in respect of the business transferred.

(2.) There shall be transferred to the county and district council respectively, in relation to any business transferred to that council, all the powers and duties under any Act of any officer of such council other than the treasurer in relation to that business.

(3.) Except so far as the sheriff or the justices may require for the administration of justice, or the discharge of his or their duties, the use of any court house, sessions house, or other county building under his or their custody or control, the county council may use the same for the purpose of the execution of their duties, and if any difference arises between the sheriff or justices and the county council as to such use, or as to the remuneration of any court keeper or other officer, such difference shall be determined by the Lord Lieutenant

73. In the application of the Military Manoeuvres Act, 1897, to Ireland, the council of each county, county borough, and district, shall be construed to mean the council elected in pursuance of this Act, and the references to the council of a parish shall not apply; and sub-sections one and two of section nine of that Act (which substitute boards of guardians for county councils and exclude county boroughs) shall be repealed.

Digitized by v^.ooQLe

1898.

Local Government {Ireland) Act, 1898.

Ch. 37.

165

74. —(1.) In the Irish Education Act, 1892, the expression PabtV.

“ baronial council" shall mean rural district council, and the „ -expression “ Jocal rate ” shall mean the rate out of which the of*

expenses of the execution of this Act by a county or district 55 & 56*vict. council, as the case may be, are defrayed. c. 42,

(2.) In the application of the Technical Instruction Acts, 1889 52 & 58 Viet, and 1891, to the council of a county other than a county borough 54™' the expression “ local rate ” shall mean the poor rate, and the c. 4. 1C *

expenses of a county council under those Acts shall be county at large or district charges according as that council direct.

75. Where the council of any county borough or any urban county Establishment district consider that it would be beneficial for the inhabitants of ^ P08t £ the borough or district that any post or telegraph office should officeTm

be established within such borough or district or any additional county

facilities (postal or other) provided by the Postmaster General

within such borough or district, the council may undertake to pay

the Postmaster General any loss he may sustain by reason of the

establishment or maintenance of the office, or the provision of

the facilities, and any expenses incurred under this section may

be paid in the case of a borough out of the borough fund or the

borough rate, and in the case of any urban district not a borough

out of the rate out of which the expenses of the council under

the Public Health Act, 1878, are defrayed. 41 * 42 vict*

76. —(1.) The council for a county may, either by the exercise Provision for of their powers under this Act, or by taking over for the purpose

any workhouse or other suitable building in possession of the lunatics, .guardians, provide an auxiliary lunatic asylum for the reception of chronic lunatics who, not being dangerous to themselves or others, are certified by the resident medical superintendent of an asylum of such council not to require special care and treatment in a fully equipped lunatic asylum; and any such auxiliary lunatic asylum shall either be a separate asylum within the meaning of the Lunatic Asylum Acts, or if the Lord Lieutenant so directs, a department of such an asylum:

Provided that the sura payable out of the Local Taxation (Ireland)

Account in respect of the net charge for any lunatic therein may be paid when the net charge equals or exceeds three shillings and sixpence a week, but that sum shall not exceed two shillings a week.

(2.) The Local Government Board, on the application of a county council and after communication with the guardians concerned, may by amalgamating unions provide for placing a workhouse at the disposal of the council for the above purpose, and may dispose of the workhouse for that purpose.

(3.) Where an auxiliary asylum is so provided for any county, section nine of the Lunatic Asylums (Ireland) Act, 1875 (which 38 & 39 Vict* relates to sending lunatics to a workhouse), shall cease to apply as °* 67‘ respects that county.

(4.) This section shall apply with the necessary modifications to a lunatic asylum district comprising two or more counties.

166

Ch. 37. Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1898. 01 & 62 Vicr.

Part V.

Supplemental. Restriction on use of licensed premises for meetings, offices, &c.

As to navigation trackways. 36 & 37 Viet, c. 34.

Relative position of district council and guardians.

Imperative ' presentments.

77. Except in cases where no other suitable room is available either free of charge or at a reasonable cost, a district or county council, or any committee thereof, shall not hold a meeting on any licensed premises, nor shall such premises be used as an office of the council, or for any purpose of or incidental to the business of the council or of any officer of the council; and the expression “ licensed premises ” in this section means premises licensed for the sale of intoxicating liquor, and includes any club at which such liquor is sold.

78. A trackway on the bank of any navigable river within the meaning of the Grand Juries Act, 1873, shall, without prejudice to the reasonable use thereof for any purpose connected with navigation, be a public highway, and shall continue to he maintainable as provided by that Act.

79. —(1.) Where a rural district is co-extensive with a union—

(a) the district councillors shall, when exercising the duties of guardians, continue to be a board of guardians under their existing name, and when exercising the duties of a district council shall be a district council under the name given by or in pursuance of this Act; and

(b) matters affecting the board of guardians shall not by reason only of the members thereof forming also a district council affect that council, and matters affecting the district council shall net by reason only of the members thereof forming also a board of guardians affect that board ; and

(c) the meetings and business of the board and council may be held and transacted at the same place; and

(d) subject to the express provisions of this section the Local Government Board may make regulations as to the property held jointly or severally by the council and the board.

(2.) Where a rural district is comprised in but not co-extensive with a union, the council for the district shall be entitled, under the prescribed conditions, to use the board-room and offices of the guardians of the union for their meetings and business, and if such board-room and offices are situate outside their district, to hire a board-room and offices.

Imperative Presentments, and duty of

maintaining Works.

80.—(1.) Where the payment of a sum by any county or district council, or by the treasurer of such council or other officer of the council on behalf of the council, is ordered by a judge of assize under this or any other Act, or is required, either to comply with any enactment, or to meet either a judgment or decree of any competent court, or an order for the payment or collection of any money made by the Lord Lieutenant in pursuance of any Act, the treasurer of the council shall pay the same out of moneys under his control as such treasurer, and, if those are insufficient, out of the first moneys coming under his control as treasurer, and such payment may, to the extent of any such moneys, be enforced

Google

1898.

Local Government {Ireland) Act, 1898.

Ch. 37.

167

against such treasurer in like manner as it might be enforced Part v* against the council.

(2.) Where any such sum is due to the Crown or any Government department, the amount thereof may be deducted from any sums payable from the Local Taxation (Ireland) Account directly or indirectly to the council by whose treasurer the first mentioned sum is payable, and be paid into the Exchequer in discharge of that sum, and where the sum was due from a district council, the county council shall debit that district council with the amount so deducted: Provided that this enactment shall be without prejudice to the guarantee fund under the Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 54 * 55 vict-1891. c48‘

81. Where a mandamus is issued by the High Court to any As to enforcing county or district council, and the council fail to comply therewith, mandamu^ the Court may appoint an officer, and confer on him all or any of the powers of the defaulting council which appear to the Court necessary for carrying into effect the mandamus.

82.—(1.) It shall be the duty of every county and district Duty of council, according to their respective powers, to keep all public council works maintainable at the cost of their county or district in good toMSnSn ° condition and repair, and to take all steps necessary for that works, purpose.

(2.) The council of a county, upon a proposal made by the council of a district in which any old road or public work is situate, or where the expenses of the maintenance of the road or work are levied wholly off the county then without such proposal, may, if the road or work appears to such county council to be useless, and they resolve so to do, stop up or abandon the road or work; but, if an objection by any ratepayer is lodged in the manner and within the time determined by an Order in Council under Part VI. . of this Act, the said resolution shall be of no effect unless approved by the Local Government Board.

(3.) If any district council complain that a county council or any county council complain that a district coutcil, have failed to perform any such duty as aforesaid, the complaining council may, without prejudice to any other remedy, appeal to the Local Government Board, and section fifteen of the Public Health Act, 59 & 60 Vkt. 1896, shall apply, with the necessary modifications, in like manner c*54# as where default is made by a sanitary authority.

(4.) Where a county council refuse at two successive quarterly meetings to approve of any new public work submitted by a rural district council, the cost of which is to be levied wholly off that district, or fail to execute such work, the rural district council may appeal to the Local Government Board, and if that Board consider that such new work ought to be executed, they may order the county council to execute the same, and, if the county council make default in complying with the order, section fifteen of the Public t* & go Vict. Health Act, 1896, shall apply with the necessary modifications in c* 54‘ like manner as where default is made by a sanitary authority.

(5.) The provisions of the Grand Juries Acts with respect to memorials, other than memorials by a grand jury, shall be repealed,

Google

168

Ch. 37. Local Government ( Ire) Act, 1898. 61 & 62 Vict.

Past V. Supplement.

Officers of count/.

and the provisions of those and any other Acts with respect to traverse shall be repealed, so far as they relate to business transferred by this Act to county or district councils or the county court.

Officers.

83.—(1.) As respects the officers of the county council, the council of a county other than a county borough, subject to the provisions herein-after contained—

(o) shall appoint the secretary of the council (who shall act as the clerk of the council), the treasurer of the county (who shall be treasurer of the council), and the county surveyor or surveyors; and

(b) may appoint such assistant surveyors and such further officers as they think necessary for the performance of the duties of the council; and every officer so appointed shall perform such duties and, subject (in the case of any officer whose salary can be fixed without the concurrence of the Local Government Board) to any statutory limits, be pa'd such remuneration as the council may assign to him.

(2.) A county council may provide for the performance by a deptity of the duties of any officer in case of his illness, absence, or incapacity, and anything required by law to be done by, to, or before the officer may, subject to the directions of the council, be done by, to, or before such deputy.

(3.) The county council may take from a treasurer, when a banking company, and shall take from any other officer who receives or pays any money on behalf of the council such security as may be approved by the Local Government Board.

(4.) Part of the payment to every county council out of the agricultural grant shall be deemed to be paid in respect of part of the salary of the secretary of the county council, and of the county surveyor, and of any assistant surveyor, and any such secretary or surveyor or assistant surveyor shall not be appointed or removed, nor shall his salary be fixed or altered, without the concurrence of the Local Government Board, and he shall have such qualifications (if any) as may bs prescribed.

(5.) The Local Government Board shall also have the same power as regards collectors of the poor rate appointed by the county council and their accounts as they would have if those collectors had continued to be officers of the guardians.

(6.) Save as otherwise provided by this Act, the county council may remove any of their officers.

(7.) There shall be transferred from the clerk of the union to the secretary of the county council so far as respects rural districts, and to the clerk of the council of every county borough and urban county district so far as respects that borough or district, all powers and duties in relation to the registration of electors, or to jurors' lists.

(8.) The secretary of the county council (including in a county borough the town clerk) shall send to the Lord Lieutenant or the

1898.

Local Government {Ireland) Act, 1898.

Ch. 37.

169

Local Government Board such returns and informath n as may Part V.

from time to time be required by either House of Parliament or by “ .

that Board. upp emen

(9.) The Lord Lieutenant may, if he thinks fit, direct the assistant surveyors to be examined and their qualifications certified by the persons who examine, and certify the qualifications of, the county surveyor.

(10.) A paid officer in the permanent employment of a county council who is required to devote his whole time to such employment shall not be eligible to serve in Parliament.

(11.) The enactments relatirg to the superannuation of officers 28 & 29 Viet, of boards of guardians shall, with the necessary modifications, c-26, apply to officers of county and rural district councils other than the county surveyor and any officer of a county borough, and the amount of any such superannuation shall be paid as expenses of the county or district council.

(12.) The law relating t<T the treasurers of couuties and this section shall apply to the county of Dublin in like manner as to any other county.

(13.) Where a county surveyor, or any resident medical superintendent or assistant medical officer of a lunatic asylum, is appointed by a county council after the passing of this Act, and at the time of such appointment held a like office in another county or lunatic asylum, he shall, upon ceasing to hold office, be entitled, for the purpose of the enactments relating to superannuation, to reckon any previous service as county surveyor or as officer of a lunatic asylum which he might have reckoned if his service had been under the appointing council or committee.

(14.) This section 'shall be without prejudice to the provisions

of this Act respecting existing officers, or to the powere of the Lord

Lieutenant and Privy Council cr the Lord Lieutenant under sections

sixty-eight and sixty-nine of the Diseases of Animals Act, 1894. 57 & 58 Viet.

c* 57•

84.—(1.) Subject to the provisions herein-after contained, the officers of county council acting through their committee— lunatic asylum.

(a) shall appoint for each lunatic asylum a resident medical superintendent and at least one assistant medical officer; and

{b) may appoint such other officers as they consider necessary for the performance of their duties in relation to lunatic asylums, and every officer so appointed shall perform such duties and be paid such remuneration as the council may assign to him.

(2.) Every resident medical superintendent shall be a registered medical practitioner of not less than seven years standing, and shall have served for not less than five years as a medical officer or assistant medical officer in an asylum for the treatment of the insane, and every assistant medical officer shall be a registered medical practitioner.

(3.) The Pauper Lunatic Asylums (Ireland) (Superannuation) 58 & 54 Viet. Act, 1890, shall apply to every officer of a lunatic asylum, save c- 81* that all reference in that Act to the approval of the inspectors of lunatics or of the Lord Lieutenant shall be repealed.

(4.) The grant paid out of the Local Taxation (Ireland) Account for lunatics shall be deemed to be paid in respect of a part of the

Google

170

Ch. 37. Local Government {Ireland) Act, 1898. 61 & 62 Vict.

Past V. Supplemental.

Officers of rural district council and guardians and salary of medical officer of urban or rural district.

41 & 42 Viet, e. 52.

Obligation of county and other local officers, and their superannuation.

Amendment of law us to superannuation of officers.

55 & 56 Vict. c. 42.

Power of county borough council as to

salary of any resident medical superintendent and assistant medical officer, and any such superintendent or medical officer shall not he appointed or removed, nor shall his salary be fixed or altered, without the concurrence of the Lord Lieutenant, and he shall have such qualifications (if any) as may be prescribed.

(5.) This section shall be without prejudice to the provisions of this Act respecting existing officers.

85. —(1.) The clerk or treasurer of the union shall be the clerk or treasurer of the council of every rural district comprised in the union, except where the Local Government Board authorise such council to appoint a separate clerk or treasurer, in which case the council may appoint a clerk or treasurer, and in the case of the clerk with such salary as that Board approve.

(2.) The portion of the salary of the clerk of the union which is to be paid in respect of his duties as clerk of any rural district council shall be determined by the Local Government Board, and this sub-section shall apply with the necessary modifications to any other officer of a board of guardians who, by virtue of this Act, becomes also an officer of a rural district council.

(3.) Subject as aforesaid, the Local Government Board may make rules as to the employment of the same officers by the council of a rural district and the guardians of the union comprising that district.

(4.) The additional salary granted to the medical officer of a dispensary district by reason of his being (under, section eleven of the Public Health Act, 1878) medical officer of health of any sanitary district shall be paid by the council of the latter district.

86. Where by or in pursuance of this Act, or any Order or rules made thereunder by the Lord Lieutenant in Council or the Local Government Board, any officer paid out of the poor rate or any other local rate or cess is required to perform any duty, make any return, give any information, or do any other thing, and wilfully fails or refuses so to do, he shall be liable, if sued by the county or district council or Local Government Board, to a fine not exceeding forty shillings, or, in the case of any continuing offence, not exceeding forty shillings a day during the continuance of the offence, and any such fine may be recovered as a Crown debt, or to an amount not exceeding one hundred pounds before a court of summary jurisdiction.

87. An officer holding a pensionable office, whether the superannuation allowance is payable out of the poor rate, or any town rate, or other local rate, shall not be disqualified for receiving such an allowance by reason only of his having acted, whether before or after the passing of this Act, as an officer of a school attendance committee under the Irish Education Act, 1892.

Amendments of

88. —(1.) A council of a county borough may make regulations for regulating the use and speed of bicycles, tricycles, velocipedes, and other similar machines, in the streets and roads within the

Google

1898.

Local Government {Ireland) Act, 1898.

Ch. 37.

171

county borongh, and the carrying of lights on such machines, and Part v. the warning of approach to be given by persons using the same, g and for preventing any obstruction or danger being caused by the '

same, and the provisions of sections two hundred and nineteen other machines, to two hundred and twenty-three of the Public Health Act, 4i & 4*2 Viet. 1878, with respect to byelaws, shall apply to all regulations made c> 52* under this section as if the same were byelaws authorised by that Act.

(2.) Any person summarily convicted of offending against any regulations made under the powers by this section conferred shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding forty shillings.

89. —(1.) Notwithstanding any thing in the Act of the Parliament Licensing in of Ireland of the twenty-sixth year of the reign of King George ^““^Dubiin the Third, chapter fifty-seven, intituled An Act for regulating the of theatrical11 stage in the city and county of Dublin, the Lord Lieutenant may, performances on the application of the council for the county of Dublin or the

county borough of Dublin, or of any urban district within the county of Dublin, grant an occasional licence for the performance of any stage play or other dramatic entertainment in any theatre, room, or building where the profits arising therefrom are to be applied for some charitable purpose or in aid of the funds of any society instituted for the purpose of science, literature, or the fine arts exclusively.

(2.) The licence may contain such conditions and regulations as appear fit to the Lord Lieutenant, and may be revoked by him.

90. —(1.) A board of guardians, with the consent of the Local Conversion of

Government Board, may make regulations for— hos^taHnto

(а) the conversion of their workhouse hospital into a district district m °

hospital; and hospital.

(б) the transfer of the duties and powers of the guardians as regards such hospital and the administrative control thereof to a committee of hospital governors appointed by the guardians of whom two-thirds at least shall be members of the board; and

(c) the payment and accommodation under which private patients may be admitted.

(2.) Subject to the regulations of the Local Government Board and to the powers of that Board with respect to guardians and their officers, the guardians, acting through the said committee, shall properly manage and maintain such district hospital, and may appoint and remove officers, and regulate expenditure, and may receive and apply for the benefit of such district hospital any endowments or subscriptions given by private persons for that purpose.

(3.) Subject to the general control of the guardians in respect of all moneys provided out of rates, the acts of the committee shall not require confirmation by the guardians.

{4.) The guardians shall have power to dissolve the committee at any time on giving six months notice of their intention so to

Google

jf

172

Ch. 37. Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1898. 61 & 62 Vicr.

do, but such dissolution shall not invalidate any act done by the committee before dissolution.

91. Notwithstanding anything in the eleventh section of the Dispensary Houses (Ireland) Act, 1879, a lease to a board of guardians made thereunder may be for any term which the owner has power to grant, not being less than sixty years.

Amendment of 92. Where the undertaking of a company becomes or has c?43. aa t»Ct* become the property of a county council, pursuant to the pro-management of visions of the Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883, tramway. 0r any Order in Council issued thereunder, the council may, with the approval of the Lord Lieutenant in Council, enter into an arrangement with any railway or tramway company with any of whose railways or tramways the said undertaking is connected, for the working of the said undertaking upon such terms as may be agreed upon.

Amendment of 93. Section thirty-eight of the Tramways (Ireland) Act, 1860, 23 * 24 Vt?ushall have effect as if the words “ of not less than two-thirds ” were

as to train- ' omitted therefrom, ways.

Miscellaneous.

Part V.

Supplemental.

As to leases to boards of guardians for dispensary houses.

42 k43 Viet, c. 29.

Special provisions as to qualifications, elections, and retirement of councillors, guardians, commissioners, &c., day of annual or borough quarterly meeting, and day for electing mayor or chairman, selecting sheriffs, &c.

94.— (1.) A person being in holy orders or being a regular minister of any religious denomination shall not be eligible as a county or district councillor.

(2.) So much of any enactment, whether public or local, a3 requires a member of the council of a borough, cr of an urban or rural sanitary authority, or board of guardians, or commissioners of a town, to have any property qualification, or to have any other qualification than that of being a local government elector or resident as required by this Act, shall be repealed.

(3.) Any member of the council of a county or county district or board of guardians or commissioners of a town who, after the passing of this Act, is convicted of acting when disqualified, or of voting when prohibited, shall for a period of seven years after such conviction be disqualified for being elected or being a member of the same or any other such council, board, or commissioners.

(4.) Casual vacancies in the council of any county (not being a county borough) or in any rural district council shall be, as soon as may be, filled by the council.

(5.) Casual vacancies among the guardians elected for any electoral division in a county borough or urban county district may be filled by the board of guardians.

(6.) Outside a county borough the elections of county and rural district councillors shall be held together, and each district electoral division shall, unless the Local Government Board on the representation of the county council otherwise direct, be a polling district, and such direction, if given, may authorise the poll for a councillor for a district electoral division to be taken outside that divirion, if it is taken within the county electoral division comprising it.

(7.) The ordinary day of election of such councillors shall be the first day of June, or such day not more than seven days earlier or

i

Digitized by v^ooQle

1898.

Local Government ( IAct, 1898.

Ch. 37.

m

later than that day as may be fixed by the county council with respect to their county, and the day of the annual meeting and ordinary day of election of the chairman and vice-chairman of a rural district council shall be the fifth day, and of a county council the twelfth day, next after the said day of election of councillors.

(8.) Outside a county borough the old county and rural district councillors shall retire, and the newly elected councillors shall come into office, on the day next after the said day of election of councillors, which day shall be the ordinary day of retirement of councillors.

(9.) In the case of the council of an urban district other than a borough, and of the commissioners of a town, the ordinary day of election of councillors and commissioners shall be the fifteenth day of January, and the day of the annual meeting and ordinary day of election of the chairman and vice-chairman of the council or commissioners shall be the twenty-third day of January, and such chairman or vice-chairman shall come into office as soon as he has made the declaration accepting the office.

(10.) In the case of the council of a borough, the ordinary day of election of councillors and aldermen shall be the fifteenth day of January, and the quarterly meeting of the council shall be held at noon on the twenty-third day of January, and at such hour on such other three days before the fifteenth day of January then next following, as the council at the quarterly meeting in January decide.

(11.) The first business transacted at the said quarterly meeting in January shall be the election of the mayor, and the outgoing mayor shall retire and the newly elected mayor shall come into office on the ordinary day of retirement of the mayor, or as soon after as the new mayor has made a declaration accepting the office, and the ordinary day of retirement of the mayor shall be the day of the said quarterly meeting, or, if the council have by a general resolution so directed, the following twenty-third day of February.

(12.) In a county of a city or town, the selection of three persons qualified to fill the office of sheriff shall be part of the business transacted at the said quarterly meeting in January, and the day of that meeting and the twenty-third day of February shall respectively be substituted for the first day of December and the first day of January in sections three and four of the Municipal Privilege (Ireland) Act, 1876, and the day next before the day of the said quarterly meeting shall be substituted for the thirtieth day of November in section five of the said Act.

(13.) In the case of the council of any borough or other urban district, or the commissioners of any town, the outgoing aldermen, councillors, and commissioners shall retire, and the newly elected aldermen, councillors, and commissioners shall come into office on the sixteenth day of January, and that day sh:dl be the ordinary day of retirement of aldermen, councillors, and commissioners.

(14.) The fact that an outgoing mayor, chairman, alderman, councillor, or commissioner has ceased, upon the new register of local government electors coming inti force on the previous first

Part V.

Supplemental.

89 & 40 Viet, c. 76.

174

Ch. 37. Local Government {Ireland) Act, 1898. 61 & 62 Vicr.

Part V. Supplemental.

Position of chairman as justice of the peace.

As to rate books and lists of voters and jurors.

14 & 15 Viet, c. 99.

1 & 2 Viet, c. 56.

34 & 35 Viet, c. 65.

57 & 58 Viet, c. 49.

day of January, to be a local government elector shall not disqualify him for continuing in office until the above-mentioned ordinary day of retirement of mayor, chairman, alderman, councillor, or commissioner, as the case may be, and also, if he is a mayor or chairman and a new mayor or chairman has been elected, until that new mayor or chairman has made a declaration accepting the office.

(15.) Where any members of a joint committee or joint board are appointed by any county or district council, whether under this or any other Act or an Order in Council, and the council are elected triennially, the members appointed by such council who are in office at the date of any triennial election shall continue to be members of such joint committee or board until the day after the first meeting of the newly elected council, and the consideration of the appointment of such members shall be part of the business at the said meeting after the election of mayor or chairman.

(16.) The scale of expenses of any election shall require the approval of the Local Government Board.

95. —(1.) A chairman of any county or district council, or of any commissioners, who is by virtue of this Act a justice of the peace, and has been re-elected to the said office of chairman on the expiration or other determination of a previous term of office, may continue to act as a justice of the peace without again taking the oaths required by law to be taken by a justice of the peace.

(2.) Every such chairman who is by virtue of this Act a justice of the peace shall, in his capacity of justice but not otherwise, notwithstanding anything in the other provisions of this Act, be subject to the same restrictions, disqualifications, and power of removal by the Lord Chancellor, as any other justice of the peace.

96. —(1.) The secretary of every county council and the clerk of every urban district council shall, within the prescribed time after making a poor rate, send, without payment, to every board of guardians for a union wholly or partly situate within the county or district, a copy, certified by such secretary or clerk to be a true copy, of so much of the rate book containing the said poor rate as relates to the union, and the Evidence Act, 1851, shall apply as if the copy were a certified copy within the meaning of that Act, and every person shall have the same right to inspect and take copies or extracts from the said copy as he would have if it were a poor rate, and section seventy of the Poor Relief (Ireland) Act, 1838, and any other enactment relating to such inspection, copies, or extracts, shall apply accordingly.

(2.) Every county council shall arrange by contract for all printing, whether of lists, forms, registers, or otherwise, required in connexion with the Registration Acts, or with the Juries (Ireland) Acts, 1871 to 1894, whether such printing is required by the secretary of the council, or any clerk of the peace, clerk of a union, or town clerk, and the said printing shall be done in accordance with the contract so made, and not otherwise, unless in any exceptional ca^e the county council for special reasons so permit.

Digitized by ^.ooQle

1898.

Local Government {Ireland) , 1898.

Ch. 37.

175

(3.) Every such contract shall be made in like manner and the Part v. like tenders shall be obtained in like manner, so nearly as circum- _ "— .

stances admit, as in the case of a public work the expenses of which emen a ' are leviable off* the county at large.

97. —(1.) The local government electors of any town or other Adaptation of area shall be the persons entitled to vote at the election of com- Act* M to the missioners of the town, or to petition for a provisional or other JJtSSed to order in relation to the government of the town or area, or for a petition for charter, or to petition, present a memorial, or vote, respecting the adoption of any Act or enactment capable of being adopted for adoption of such town or area, and shall be so entitled in substitution for the Act, and as to persons who, under any enactment, are entitled so to petition or qualification of vote, except where the persons so entitled are a council elected sioner under this Act.

(2.) Where a poll is taken with reference to such adoption, it shall be taken by ballot, in accordance as near as may be with the ballot taken at the election of a council under this Act.

(3.) A person shall not be qualified to be elected or to be a commissioner of a town unless he is a local government elector for such town, or has during the whole twelve months preceding the election resided and continues to reside in the town.

98. —(1.) The local government register of electors shall be Registration of completed, and on 3ale to the public, and come into operation on electors.

the same day as the parliamentary register of electors, and shall continue in force for the same period.

(2.) In a district electoral division comprised in a parliamentary borough in which, prior to the passing of this Act, the freeholders voted for the parliamentary county and not for the parliamentary borough, the names of the freeholders, that is to say, the persons entitled in respect of a freehold, leasehold, or copyhold qualification within the parliamentary borough, shall be entered in a separate list, and that list shall form part of the local government supplement in the said division; but nothing in this enactment shall alter the right of such freeholders to vote for the parliamentary county, or confer on them a right to vote at a parliamentary election for the parliamentary borough.

(3.) A person registered as a freeman in a parliamentary borough shall be entitled to vote as a local government elector—

(а) if his place of abode is in the borough, then in the electoral division in which that place of abode is situate ; and

(б) if his place of abode is not in the borough (in this Act referred to as a non-resident freeman), then in the electoral division to which he is allotted by the revising barrister;

and shall not be entitled in respect of the qualification of freeman to vote elsewhere than in such electoral division, and the registration of electors shall be conducted, and the register arranged, so as to give effect to this enactment.

(4.) The non-resident freemen shall be allotted among the several district electoral divisions of the borough in proportion, as nearly as may be, to the number of electors in each electoral division, and shall be so allotted in like manner as is provided

176

Ch. 37. Local Government (Irelan) Act, 1898. 61 & 62 Vicrr.

Pabt v.

Supplemental.

48 A 49 Viet, c. 23.

43 & 49 Viet, c. 23.

6: & 62 Viet, c. 2.

40 A 41 Viet, c. 87.

61 A 62 Viet,

c. 2.

Provisions as to ballot boxes, Ac. at elec* tions.

As to contracts in writing by county and district councils.

by section fourteen of the Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885, with respect to the allotment of non-resident freemen among the several divisions of a parliamentary borough.

(5.) Where an electoral division is situate partly within and partly without a parliamentary borough this section shall apply to each divided part as if it were an electoral division.

(6.) Where the non-resident freemen have been allotted among the divisions of a parliamentary borough in manner provided by section fourteen of the Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885, the provisions of this section shall apply as if each such division were a parliamentary borough.

(7.) Rules under the Registration (Ireland) Act, 1898, may be made for carrying into effect the provisions of this Act with respect to local government electors, and in particular for adapting the Registration Acts to the provisions of this Act and Orders in Council made thereunder ; and so much of the said Act of 1898 as requires the rules to be made before the end of the year one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight, shall be repealed.

(8.) For the purpose of section twenty-one of the County Officers and Courts (Ireland) Act, 1877, the Registration (Ireland) Act, 1898, and this Act shall be deemed to be Acts relating to the registration of voters.

(9.) The sums payable to the Exchequer under the Registration (Ireland) Act, 1898, shall be paid by the several county councils in lieu of the guardians.

(10.) In this Act, and in every Act hereafter passed, the expression “ local government register of electors ” shall, unless the context otherwise requires, mean, as respects any county or borough, district, electoral division, ward, or other area in Ireland, the register of parliamentary electors, or the portion of that register which relates to such county or borough, district, electoral division, ward, or other area, together with the local government supplement.

99. —(1.) Ballot boxes, fittings, and compartments shall be provided and kept for each county and county district and for each electoral division of a union situate in an urban district, at the expense of the rates of such county, district, or union, and may be used free of charge at any parliamentary election for any county or parliamentary borough comprising the whole or any part of such county, district, or union, and any damage other than reasonable wear and tear caused to the same shall be paid as part of the expenses of the election in which they are so used.

(2.) It shall be the duty of the returning officer at any such parliamentary election to make use, so far as practicable, of the ballot boxes, fittings, and compartments provided in pursuance of this section, or otherwise the property of any county or district council, and the court upon taxation of his accounts shall have regard to the provisions of this section.

100. Any contract in writing, which if made by private persons would not by law be required to be made under seal, may, if made by a county or district council, and if the subject matter thereof

Digitized by ^.ooQie

189S.

Local Government ( Ireland) Act, 1898. Ch. 37.

177

does not exceed fifty pounds in value, be made under the hand of any two councillors acting by the direction and on behalf of the council.

Part V. Supplemental.

101.—(1.) Nothing in this Act shall affect any powers of the Powers of Local Government Board with respect to guardians or the officers of guardians; aUd that Board may, on the application of any Local* Go vern-council, exercise in relation to the council and the officers of the meet Board, council all such powers of holding inquiries on oath and deputing any officer of the Board to attend at the meetings of the council as they are by law empowered to exercise in the case of guardians and their officers.

(2.) Where the Lord Lieutenant or the Local Government Board is authorised to make an order under this Act, such order may be enforced by mandamus.

(3.) Any difference which under any enactment applied by an Order in Council under this Act can be referred to the High Court may, if the parties to such difference so agree, be referred to and decided by the Local Government Board.

(4.) A Provisional Order made under this Act shall be of no effect until confirmed, ngd, save as otherwise provided, until confirmed by Parliament, and sections two hundred and fourteen and two hundred and fifteen of the Public Health Act, 1878, shall, 41 & 42 Viet, with the necessary modifications, apply for the purpose of any Cl 52‘ such Order.

102.—(1.) Any act to be done or instrument to be executed by As to constitu-or on behalf of the Local Government Board may bo done or Government1 executed in the name of that Board by the president, or by t' e Board, under secretary to the Lord Lieutenant, or by the vice-p; esident, or by any person appointed by the president or vice-president to act on behalf of the vice-president.

(2.) A rule, order, or regulation made by the Local Government Board shall be valid if it is made under the seal of the Board and signed by any of the above-mentioned persons.

(3.) Every document purporting to be a rale, order, or regulation of the Local Government Board, and to be sealed ami signed as above mentioned, shall be receive I in evidence, and be deemed to be a rule, order, or regulation duly made by the Board, unless the contrary is shown.

(4.) The Local Government Board may distribute the business of the Board among the several members thereof in such manner as the Board may think light.

(5.) The President of the Local Government B ard may appoint an inspector or auditor of the Board or other person to be temporarily a commissioner of the Board for the purpose of aiding in the additional work of the Board in bringing this Act into operation and in carrying it into effect and superintending the working thereof during a limited period. Such appointment shall be in the first instance for one year after the passing of this Act, tut may, with the consent of the Treasury, be continued from year to year for a total term not exceeding five years after the passing of this Act

M

Digitized by v^»ooQLe

178

Ch. 37. Local Government {Ireland) Act, 1898. 61 & 62 V ict

Part v. Supplemental.

Appeal Commission.

41 & 42 Viet1

c. 52.

(6.) There shall be paid to the temporary commissioner, out of moneys provided by Parliament, such sum as the Treasury may sanction, not exceeding together with any other remuneration received by him the remuneration paid to a commissioner of the Board.

103.—(1.) If within six months after an order of the Local Government Board is made under Part Four of this Act with respect to county boundaries a petition against the order, so far as it affects any county, is presented to the Local Government Board by the council or grand jury for the county, or by any sanitary authority, district council, or guardians, in the county, or by not less than one hundred parliamentary electors for the county, the order so far as it relates to that county shall be referred to the Appeal Commission in this Act mentioned, and after that Commission nave held such inquiry as they think necessary, and given an opportunity of being heard to all parties concerned who apply within the prescribed time to be heard, may be annulled or varied by order of that Commission, and that order of the Commission shall after it comes into operation have effect as if made by the Local Government Board under this Act.

(2.) The order of the Commission shall not, unless it otherwise provides, come into operation until the second election of the county council, and if it so otherwise provides, the Commission shall by the same or any subsequent order make such arrangements respecting county and district councils and boards of guardians and the members thereof, and respecting all other matters, as appear necessary or expedient for bringing the order into operation at the earlier date, and for that purpose may make the like provisions as are authorised by or in pursuance of this Act to be made by the Local Government Board.

(3.) Where any other provision of this Act provides for an appeal to the Appeal Commission, the foregoing provisions of this section shall apply with the necessary modifications.

(4.) The Appeal Commission shall consist of ihe Vice-President of the Local Government Beard and four other commissioners, of whom two at least shall be members of the Commons House of Parliament, appointed by the Lord Lieutenant.

(5.) Any vacancy arising among any such four commissioners, whether by death, resignation, incapacity, or otherwise, may be filled by the Lord Lieutenant; and the Lord Lieutenant may appoint any member of the Local Government Board to take the place of the Vice-President in case of his illness or unavoidable absence.

(6.) For the purposes of any inquiry, an Appeal Commissioner shall have the same powers as an inspector of the Local Government Board when holding an inquiry under the Public Health Act, 1878; and the Commission shall have the same power respecting costs as is given to the Local Government Board by section two hundred and ten of that Act.

(7.) Any expenses of the Appeal Commission and of any officer assigned by the Local Government Board to assist the Commission

Google

1898.

Local Government {Ireland) 1898.

Ch. 37.

179

shall be defrayed in like manner a? the remuneration of officers part v.

appointed by the Board for carrying this Act into effect is directed -----

by Part Eight of this Act to be defrayed. Supplemental.

(8.) Any act of the Appeal Commission may be signified by any three of the commissioners under their hands.

PART VI. Part VI.

Orders and Rules. Orders and

Rules.

104.—(1.) There shall apply to Ireland so much as the Lord Application Lieutenant by Order in Council declares applicable of the English with adapta-and Scotch enactments specified in the Fourth Schedule to this fn QjuncU^f1 Act, and the enactments amending the same^ being enactments English relating among other matters to— and Scotch

(a) the making of registers of electors according to street JespeSfng8

order; supplemental

(b) elections of county and district councils and guardians; provisions.

(c) acceptance of office, fine, resignation, casual vacancy, &c.;

( d) disqualifications of -persons for being members of a county or district council, or board of guardians, and of members of any such council or board, and their partners, for appointment to an office;

(e) incorporation of county and district councils;

(/) transfer of property and expenses of county and district councils;

(#) accounts, audit, and annual budget;

( h) borrowing by county councils;

(i) transfer of powers of Treasury in relation to borrowing, and to the acquisition and disposition of land by councils of boroughs;

(j) alteration of boundaries and adjustments of property and liabilities;

(k) the division of a borough into wards or alteration of wards;

(l) local inquiries and Provisional Orders by the Local Government Board;

(m) construction of enactments relating to business transferred by this Act;

(n) proceedings and committees of county and district councils, and chairman and vice-chairman of those councils ; and

(o) powers of the Local Government Board for the purpose of remedying defects and bringing the Act into full operation upon the commencement thereof, and transitional proceedings and savings.

(2.) An Order in Council under this section may—

(a) apply any of the said enactments to both county and district councils and guardians and town commissioners, and committees appointed by or comprising members of any of such councils, guardians, or commissioners, or to any of them, notwithstanding that they relate to county councils only or to district councils only or to guardians only; and

^ Digitized by Google

180

Ch. 37. Local Government {Ireland) Act, 1808. 61 & 62 Vici

Part VI.

Orders and Rules.

Order in Council for adapting Irish enactments.

Order in Council for regulating procedure of councils, and making transitory provisions for bringing Act into operation.

(b) provide for the transfer to county councils of lunatic asylums and all property and liabilities connected therewith, and for the exception of any debt incurred (whether before or after the passing of this Act) on account of lunatic asylums from being reckoned in the limitation of amount imposed by any of the sai l enactments upon the borrowing by county councils, and for the joint committee of the counties comprised in a lunatic asylum district exercising jointly for the purpose of the lunatic asylum the powers of these councils relating to borrowing; and

(c) make such adaptations of the said enactments as appear necessary or expedient for carrying into effect the application thereof to Ireland ; and

(d) make such adaptations of local Acts as appear required to bring them intft conformity with any of the said enactments.

105. The Lord Lieutenant by Order in Council may make such adaptations of the Irish enactments specified in the Fifth Schedule to this Act, or of other enactments affected by this Act, as appear to him necessary or expedient for carrying into effect this Act or any Order in Council made thereunder; and for that purpose may modify the provisions in the Valuation Acts as to dates and mode of procedure, and as to levying a rate pending an appeal.

106. The Lord Lieutenant by Order in Council may do all or any of the following things, that is to say—

(1.) Regulate the procedure of county and district councils in connexion with the business transferred to them by this or any other Act from presentment sessions and grand juries:

(2.) Make such transitory provisions as appear to him necessary or expedient for bringing this Act into operation, and in particular—

(i) for regulating the actions of guardians and grand juries and presentment sessions and councils authorities and officers affected by this Act, during the period between the passing of this Act and the time at which this Act comes into full of eration ;

(ii) for securing to existing officers until they begin to receive remuneration under the provisions of this Act the like remuneration as they would have received if this Act had not passed;

(iii) for regulating the proceedings of the collector general of rates in Dublin until the abolition of his office, and for the estimating, raising, and collecting, until this Act comes into full operation, of tht sums which but for such abolition would be raised by him ;

(iv) for the first elections, and for the retirement and first meetings and proceedings of councillors and aldermen and commissioners of a town elected at the first elections;

Digitized by LjOoq Le

1898.

Local Government ( IAct, 1 898.

Ch. 37.

181

(v) for regulating the continuance in or retirement from office of the members of any existing local authority affected by this Act; and

(vi) for enabling the Local Government Board to adjust any property, income, debts, liabilities, and expenses, of any area or local authority, or any other matter which requires adjustment in consequence of this Act, or any order made or thing done in pursuance of this Act within twelve months after the passing thereof.

107. —(1.) An Order of the Lord Lieutenant in Council under this Part of this Act, shall, save as herein-afber mentioned, be made before the last day of Janqary next after the passing of this Act, and unless annulled as herein-after mentioned shall be deemed to have been duly made, and to be within the powers conferred by this Act, and no objection to the validity thereof shall be taken in any proceedings.

(2.) The Order shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament as soon as may be after it is made, and, if within the next subsequent forty days on which either House has sat, that House presents an address to Her Majesty praying that any such Order may either in whole or in part be annulled, Her Majesty in Council may annul the same either in whole or in part, as the case may require, and the Order or part so annulled shall thenceforth become void, without prejudice to the validity of any proceedings taken under the same in the meantime:

Provided that where any Order or any part thereof is so annulled the Lord Lieutenant in Council may, within six months thereafter make another Order in place of the Order or part so annulled, subject nevertheless to be laid before Parliament and to be annulled by Her Majesty in Council in manner above mentioned, and so on as often as occasion requires.

108. —(I.) The Local Government Board may make rules—

(a) for carrying into effect the provisions of Part Three of this Act so far as regards councils and guardians and their officers ; and in particular for regulating—

(i) the communication by rural district councils and guardians to county councils and by county councils to urban district councils, of the amounts respectively required to be raised in each local financial year or any part thereof; and

(ii) the estimates to be made by district councils or guardians or their officers of their receipts and expenditure in each local financial year; and

(b) for regulating any matter authorised by this Act to be prescribed or to be regulated by rules of the Local Government Board; and

(c)generally for carrying into effect this Act, so far as the Lord Lieutenant in Council is not authorised to make provision for that purpose.

Google

Pabt VI.

Ot'ders and Rules.

General provisions and restrictions as to Orders in Council.

Rules and Provisional Orders by Local Government Board.

182

Ch. 37. Local Government {Ireland) ,1898. 61 & 62 Vict.

Pabt vi.

Orders and Rules.

Pabt VII.

Definitions and Repeals.

Interpretation of certain terms in the Act,

9 Geo. 4. c. 82. 17 & 18 Vict. c. 103.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 17.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 32.

61 & 52 Vict. C. 60.

(2.) The Local Government Board may make Provisional Orders for adapting any local Act to the provisions of this Act and of any Order in Council made thereunder.

PART VII.

Definitions, Short Title, and Repeals.

L09.—(1.) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires :— The expression l< union ” means a poor law union:

The expression “ borough ” means a municipal borough having a town council:

The expression “ town ” means the area comprised in any town or township having comniiesioners under the Lighting of Towns (Ireland) Act, 1828, or the Towns Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1854, or under any local Act:

The expression “ mayor ” includes a lord mayor:

The expression “ guardians ” means a board of guardians:

The expression “ presentment sessions ” includes road sessions and special road sessions:

The expressions “ local authority ” and “ authority ” respectively include a grand jury and presentment sessions:

The expression “ Local Government Board ” means the Local Government Board for Ireland:

The expression “ Board of Control for lunatic asylums ” means the Commissioners for General Control and Correspondence,, and for the superintending and directing the erection, establishment, and regulation of asylums for the lunatic poor in Ireland:

The expression “ Commissioner of Valuation ” means the Commissioner of Valuation and Boundary Surveyor :

The expression “judge of assize ” shall, as respects the county of Dublin, or the county of the city of Dublin, mean the High Court or any judge thereof :

The expression “revising barrister” has the same meaning as in the Parliamentary Registration (Ireland) Act, 1885 :

The expression “ high constable or collector of a barony ” includes a collector for a district of a barony appointed under the County Cess (Ireland) Act, 1848 :

The expression “Local Taxation (Ireland) Account” has the same meaning as in the Probate Duties (Scotland and Ireland) Act, 1888:

The expression “ road ” includes any bridge, pipe, arch, gullet*.

fence, railing, or wall forming part of such road :

The expression “public work” means any road or work in respect of which, under the Grand Juries Acts, a presentment might but for this Act be made by any presentment sessions for a barony or county at large or any grand jury :

The expression “maintenance,” when used in relation to any road or public work, includes the reasonable improvement and enlargement of such road or work :

The expression “ lunatic asylum ” means an asylum for the lunatic poor under the Lunatic Asylum Acts:

Google

1898.

Local Government {Ireland) Act, 1898.

Ch. 37.

183

The expression “ landlord,” when used with reference to land or other hereditaments, means the immediate lessor or other person receiving rent in respect of such land or hereditaments :

The expression “ holding ” means any house or land or house and land held by a tenant of a landlord for the same term and under the same contract of tenancy:

The expression “rateable value,” when used in relation to any hereditament or area, means the annual rateable value under the Valuation Acts of such hereditament, or of all the hereditaments comprised in such area:

The expression “ local government electors ” means as respects any county or borough, district, electoral division, ward, or other area, the persons for the time being registered in the local government register of electors in respect of qualifications within such county, district, division, borough, ward, or other area:

The expression “prescribed” means prescribed by the Local Government Board:

The expression “existing” means, as respects any officer, an officer holding office on the la"t day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight, and also on the appointed day, and in any other case existing at the time specified in the enactment in which the expression is used, and if no such time is expressed, then at the appointed day for the coming into operation of such enactment:

The expression “ powers ” includes rights, jurisdiction, capacities, privileges, and immunities:

The expression “ duties ” includes responsibilities and obligations:

The expression “ powers and duties ” includes all powers and duties conferred or imposed by or arising under any local Act:

The expression “ office ” includes any office, situation, or employment, and the expression “ officer ” shall be construed accordingly:

The expression “pensionable office” means an office coming within the provisions of any Act authorising the grant of a superannuation allowance:

The expression “ local financial year ” means the twelve months ending the thirty-first day of March:

The expression “ Registration Acts” means the Acts and enactments relating to the registration of parliamentary voters in Ireland:

The Grand Juries (Ireland) Acts, 1816 to 1895, are in this Act referred to as the Grand Juries Acts, and each of them is in this Act referred to as the Grand Julies Act of the year in which it was passed :

The expression “ Lunatic Asylum Acts ” means the Acts specified in Part Two of the First Schedulo to this Act :

The Public Health (Ireland) Acts, 1878 to 1896, are in this Act referred to as the Public Hedth Acts, and each of them is in

Part Vll.

Definitions ani Rei eals.

56 Geo. . c. 87.

58 & 59 Viet, c. 8.

41 & 42 Viet, c. 52.

59 & CO Viet, c. £4.

Digitized by L^ooQle

184

Ch. 37. Local Government ( Irelan1898. 61 & 62 Yict.

Part VII.

Definitions ana Repeals.

42 & 43 Viet, c. 25.

52 & 53 Viet, c. 63.

1 & 2 Viet, c. 56.

Extent of Act, short titles, aud repeal.

Part VIII.

Transitory

Provisions.

First elections of county and rural district councillors and urban guardians and first councils.

this Act referred to as the Public Health Act of the year in which it was passed :

The expression “Medical Charities Acts” means the Acts so defined by the Dispensary Houses (Ireland) Act, 1879, and includes the last-mentioned Act:

The expression “ Valuation Acts ” means the Acts specified in Part Three of the First Schedule to this Act:

The expression “ Dublin Metropolis Police Acts ” means the Acts specified in Part Five of the First Schedule to this Act.

Each of the Acts relating to the Dublin collection of rates specified in Part Four of the First Schedule to this Act is in this Act referred to by the short title in that schedule mentioned.

(2.) For the purposes of the Interpretation Act, 1889, this Act shall be deemed to be an Act amending the Poor Relief (Ireland) Act, 1838.

110.—-(1.) This Act shall extend to Ireland only, and may be cited as the Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1898.

(2.) The enactments specified in the Sixth Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent in the third column of that schedule mentioned.

Provided that—

(a) any enactment or document referring to any Act or enactment hereby repealed shall be construed to refer to this Act or to the corresponding enactments in this Act:

(b) the existing rules of the Lord Lieutenant in Council under the Lunatic Asylum Acts shall continue in force in every county and lunatic asylum district until the first regulations under this Act in respect of that county or district come into force, and upon any such regulations coming into force, the said rules shall cease as respects that county or district.

(3.) The order of the Lord Lieutenant in Council relating to the division of Tipperary may be varied by the Lord Lieutenant in Council, so as to bring the same into conformity with this Act and with the Orders in Council made in pursuance of this Act, but otherwise shall continue in force.

(4.) Any other enactments of any Act, whether general or local, touching any business transferred to county or district councils or the county court by this Act, so far as they relate to any fiat or other sanction of a judge, court, or recorder, or relate to traverses or memorials other than memorials by a grand jury, shall be repealed.

PART VIH.

Transitory Provisions.

First Elections and Councils.

111.—(1.) The first election under this Act of county and rural district councillors and guardians in urban districts shall be held on the twenty-fifth day of March next after the passing of this Act, or on such day within fourteen days before or after that day as the Local Government Board may appoint.

Digitized by Google

1898.

Local Government {Ireland) Act, 1898.

Ch. 37.

185

(2.) The foregoing provisions of this section shall not apply to councillors of county boroughs.

(3.) The Local Government Board in the case of the first election—

(а) may give a direction under this Act with respect to a district electoral division not being a polling district, although there is no representation made by the county council; and

(б) if of opinion that any district electoral division ought to be divided, may allow more than two councillors to be elected for that division, and in that case each elector in that division may at the first election give one vote, and no more, for each of any number of persons not exceeding the number of councillors authorised by the Board to be elected for that division.

(4.) A poor law electoral division as adopted in fact for the purpose of registration in the year one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight shall be deemed to have been legally so adopted, and shall, except so far as the Local Government Board otherwise direct, be a district electoral division for the purpose of the election of county and rural district councillors and guardians at the first election under this Act.

112. The first election in accordance with this Act of aldermen and councillors of any county borough or any urban district and of town commissioners shall be held on the fifteenth day of January next after the passing of this Act, and except in the county boroughs of Belfast and Londonderry the whole number of aldermen and councillors of each borough or district and of commissioners of each town shall be then elected, and shall come into office on the day next after the day of election.

113. —(1.) The grand jury of any county other than a county of a city or town at the spring assizes, or in the county of Dublin at the Easter presenting term, next after the passing of this Act, may choose or appoint a committee to choose from persons who are then serving, or have at any time during the previous three years served, as grand jurors, three persons who shall be additional councillors of the first council for that county.

(2.) The Lord Lieutenant may nominate persons to be additional members of the first committee of a county council (including the council of a county borough), or joint committee of such county councils, for any lunatic asylum district, but the number shall not exceed one-fourth of the whole number of the committee.

{3.) The first rural district council under this Act shall, at their first meeting, choose as additional councillors three persons from Among the persons who have at any time during the preceding three years been ex-officio guardians of the union, co-extensive with, or comprising the whole or part of, their district, and have actually served as such guardians, and are willing to serve as district councillors, and, if they fail so to choose, the county council shall, as soon as may be, appoint from among those persons additional councillors, who shall be in the same position as if they

Google

Part VIII.

Transitory

Provisions.

First election of aldermen and councillors in county boroughs and urban districts and of town commissioners.

Additional councillors for first councils and additional members of first lunatic asylum committee.

i86:

Part VIII.

1 Transitory Provisions.

As to registration in 1898.

Provision for interests of existing officers.

Ch. 87. Local Government {Ireland) Act, 1898. 61 & 62 Yict.

had been so chosen; and additional councillors so chosen or appointed shall also be additional guardians.

(4.) All additional councillors appointed or chosen under this Part of this Act, and the additional members of the first committee for a lunatic asylum district, shall retire from office in the third year after the election of the council upon which, or upon the committee of which, they are appointed or chosen to serve, and shall so retire on the day fixed by this Act for the ordinary day of retirement of the councillors of such councils.

114. —(1.) In the year one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight the Registration Acts shall have effect as if for every date therein mentioned in July or August in respect of any matter, other than one affecting qualification, there were substituted such day as is seven days later thaD that date.

(2.) As regards the registers of voters to be made in the year one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight, no election shall be questioned by reason of any error or informality whatsoever in relation to the filling up the forms or lists, the forming, printing, publishing, revising, or completing the lists of voters, or the register of voters, for any county or borough, or by reason of any matter or thing not having been done within the time limited by law for that purpose. The signature of the chairman or revising barrister, or his deputy, to such register shall be conclusive evidence that such register has been in all respects duly made and revised at the time and in the manner prescribed by and in conformity with the Registration Acts and this Act and the rules made thereunder.

Existing Officers.

115. —(1.) Where the business of any authority is transferred by or in pursuance of this Act to any county or district council, the existing officers of that authority employed in that business, and not in any other business of that authority, shall become the officers of the council of that county or district in like manner, subject to the provisions of this section, as if they had been appointed by that council; and for the purpose of this section any secretary of the grand jury, county treasurer, county surveyor, assistant surveyor, county solicitor, public analyst for a county, and a high constable and collector or collector of a barony, and a deputy collector duly appointed under section one hundred and forty-eight of the Grand Juries Act, 1836, and also any deputy of the county treasurer or secretary of the grand jury, appointed with the approval of the Lord Lieutenant, who has devoted his whole time to his office, shall be deemed to be an officer of the grand jury, and the existing officers of every lunatic asylum shall be deemed to be existing officers of the governors and directors of that asylum ; and every existing offioer of the grand jury of a county shall be transferred to the council of the county, and not to the council of any urban county district

(2.) The foregoing provisions of this section shall apply to a county of a city or town ; but, if it does not become a county borough, any existing officer of the grand jury shall become the

Google

1898.

Local Government ( Ireland)Act, 1898. Ch. 37.

187

officer of the council of the county at large of which'such county of a city or town will by virtue of this Act form part

(3.) For the purpose of the enactments relating to superannuation, the service of any existing officer of any authority before the transfer to a county or district council shall be reckoned as service under that council, and the service of any existing secretary as assistant or deputy secretary in the same county shall be reckoned as part of his service.

(4.) Any existing secretary of the grand jury, unless he dies or resigns, or is removed with the concurrence of the Local Government Board, shall become and continue the secretary of the county council up to the last day of March nineteen hundred, and may then, if he has given three months' previous notice in writing to the county council of his intention to retire, retire from office, and shall thereupon be entitled to receive an allowance under this Act of the same amount as if his office were abolished.

(5.) The county council may by notice given three months next before the said last day of March require such secretary to retire, and if they do so without the concurrence of the Local Government Board he shall be entitled to the same compensation under this Act as if his office were abolished.

(6.) If at any time after the said last day of March such secretary retires voluntarily, he shall be entitled to receive from the county council a superannuation allowance on the scale provided by the Acts and rules relating to Her Majesty's Civil Service, and the amount of such allowance in case of dispute shall be determined by the treasury.

(7.) If at any time before the said last day of March such secretary satisfies the Local Government Board that he is unable, through age or infirmity, to discharge the duties of his office under this Act, he may retire from office, and shall thereupon be entitled to receive an allowance under this Act of the same amount as if his office were abolished.

(8.) The secretary of the grand jury of the county of Tipperary shall become the secretary of the council of each riding of such county, and the foregoing provisions of this section shall apply as if he were separately the secretary of each such council, and the proportion of the remuneration, allowance, or compensation, to be paid by each riding shall in default of agreement be determined by the Local Government Board.

(9.) An existing officer of the grand jury of any county of a city or town, who by this Act becomes the officer of the council of the county at large of which such county of a city or town will form part, shall perform under the like officer of the council of that county at large the like duties as he has hitherto performed as respects the county of a city or county of a town, but in other respects the foregoing provisions of this section with respect to the like officer of a grand jury of a county at large shall apply to him.

(10.) Every county council shall, within six weeks after their first meeting, sifbmit to the Local Government Board a scheme setting forth their arrangements for the collection of the poor rate,

Google

Pam VIII.;

Transitory

Provisions.

p -

188

Ch. 87. Local Government ( IrelaAct, 1898. 61 & 62 Vict.

Past VIII.

Transitory

Provisions.

53 & 60 Vict. c. 41.

& 8 Vict. 106.

and the officers they propose to employ for the purpose, and the names and descriptions of the existing officers transferre 1 to the county council by this Act (whether high constables and collectors, or collectors of a barony, or deputy collectors, or poor rate collectors of the guard inns, or deputy collectors of such poor rate collectors, where such deputy collectors devote their whole time to the work of rate collection) whom they propose to employ as officers under such scheme, and the scheme shall not authorise the employment of officers not transferred to or previously employed by the council if sufficient existing officers have expressed their willingness to serve.

(11.) The scheme shall provide for the existing officers emploj-ed under the scheme receiving remuneration substantially identical with that which they formerly received.

(12.) An existing officer who can be employed under the scheme—

( a)if he holds a pensionable office, and has within the prescribed

time notified his willingness to serve, shall, if he is not continued by the scheme as an officer of the county council, bo entitled to receive from the county council the same compensation under this Act as if his office were abolished ; and

(b) if he holds a pensionable office, and has not within the prescribed time expressed his willingness to serve, and is not continued by the scheme as an officer of the county council, shall be entitled to receive from the county council a gratuity; and

(c) if he does not hold a pensionable office, and either within the prescribed time expresses his unwillingness to serve, or is not continued by the scheme as an officer of the county council, shall be entitled to receive from the county council a gratuity.

(13.) Every such gratuity shall be according to the scale in Part One of the Seventh Schedule to this Act: Provided that, until the expiration of not less than twelve months after receiving a gratuity under that schedule, an officer shall not be qualified to be appointed to any office under the county council, unites he refunds to the county council the gratuity. Of such gratuity, one-lialf shall be repaid to the county council out of the moneys standing to the Local Taxation (Ireland) Account by virtue of the Local Taxation (Ireland) Estate Duty Act, 1896, and the half of any gratuity so refunded shall be repaid by the council to that account

(14.) For the purpose of the foregoing enactments a person appointed collector under the County Dublin Grand Jury Act, 1844, shall be deemed to hold a pensionable office.

(15.) The Local Government Board may approve any such scheme with or without moditications; and all officers employed in pursuance of the scheme shall be deemed to be poor rate collectors appointed by the county council within the meaning of this Act

(16.) If in the case of any officer the area in which his duties are requ:rcd to be performed is, by reason of any alteration of any

Google

1898. Local Government ( Ireland)Act, 1898. Ch. 37.

boundary by or in pursuance of or for the purposes of this Act, increased or diminished, the officer shall be bound to perform his duties in such altered area.

(17.) If, by reason of a change made within six months after the passing of this Act in the boundaries of a union or dispensary district, the office of any existing dispensary doctor becomes in the opinion of the Local Government Board unnecessary, that office shad be deemed to be abolished within the meaning of the enactment applied by this Act; and any compensation payable to him shall be paid by the guardians of the unions which comprise his former district in such proportion as may be agreed upon, or in default of agreement be determined by the Local Government Board.

(IS.) Subject to the provisions of this Act, every existing officer transferred under this section shall hold his office by the same tenure and upon the same terms and conditions as heretofore, and while performing the same or analogous duties shall receive not less remuneration than heretofore ; and if, by reason of any alteration of boundary or other thing done by or in pursuance of this Act, his duties are increased or diminished, the officer shall be bound to perform those duties, and shall receive such increase or diminution of remuneration in proportion to the increase or diminution of his duties as the Local Government Board may determine, subject nevertheless in case of diminution to such compensation as is provided by this Act; provided that any county or district council may, subject to the approval of the Local Government Board, make a special agreement with any of such existing officers respecting the terms and conditions on which he may continue to hold his office, and the remuneration which he shall receive therefor.

(19.) Section one hundred and twenty of the Local Government 51 & 52 Viet. Act, 1888, set out in Part Two of the Seventh Schedule to this c* 41-Act (which relates to compensation to existing officers), shall apply in the case of existing officers affected by this Act, who are remunerated out of the cess or rate raised in any county or district, or in an urban district out of any borough or corporate fund, whether officers above in this section mentioned or not, and references in the said section one hundred and twenty to the county council shall include references to a district council; and if any officer transferred by this Act to a council who can be removed without the concurrence of the Local Government Board or the Lord Lieutenant (and is not a banking company) is within five years from the date of the transfer removed from his office for any cause other than misconduct or incapacity, his office shall be deemed to have been abolished within the meaning of the said section.

(20.) Any difference as to the council to whom an officer is transferred by this Act shall, in the absence/ of agreement, be determined by the Local Government BoarJ.

(21.) All expenses incurred by any council in pursuance of this section shall be paid as expenses of the execution of this Act, and in the case of a county council may, if the county council, with the

189

Part VIII.

Transitory

Provisions,

Google

190

Ch. 37. Local Government {Ireland) Act, 1898. 61 & 62 Vict.

Part VIII.

Transitory

Provisions.

Provision for existing town clerks.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 79.

Existing clerks of Crown and peace, coroners, and justices.

Superannuation allowance of existing officers.

consent of the Local Government Board, so direct, be defrayed as district charges.

(22.) The provision of a gratuity by a council to any existing officer under this Act shall be a purpose for which such council may borrow in accordance with the enactments relating to borrowing by such council.

(23.) Every pension, allowance, or other compensation, granted under this section shall be payable to or in trust for the officer to whom it is granted, and shall not be assignable for nor chargeable with his debts or other liabilities.

116. If any existing town clerk of a borough or clerk to the commissioners of any town is removed from his office for any cause other than misconduct or incapacity, he shall, without prejudice tc any existing right, be entitled to receive from the council of such borough or district, if he is qualified for a superannuation allowance under the Local Officers Superannuation (Ireland) Act, 1869, a superannuation allowance on the scale provided by the Acts and rules relating to Her Majesty's civil service, and if he is not so qualified a gratuity according to the scale in Part One of the Seventh Schedule to this Act, and the amount of any such allowance or gratuity shall, in case of dispute, be determined by the Treasury, and while any such clerk remains in office he shall receive not less remuneration than heretofore, and shall, if his duties are increased, receive such increase of salary in proportion to that increase of duties as the Local Government Board may determine.

117. —(1.) Each of the following officers, namely, the existing clerk of the Crown and peace for the county of the city of Kilkenny, and the existing clerk of the Crown ar.d peace for the county of the town of Galway, shall continue to hold his office and to perform the duties thereof for the like area, and while performing the same shall be entitled to receive the same emoluments, as heretofore.

(2.) The existing coroner of the county of the town of Galway, and the existing coroner of the county of the town of Carrickfergus shall respectively continue to be coroner in like manner as if the county of the town were a coroner's district of the county of Galway or of Antrim, as the case requires.

(3.) Every existing justice of the county of the town of Galway, or the county of the town of Carrickfergus, shall be a justice of the county of Galway or of Antrim, as the case requires, in like manner as if he were named a justice in the commission of the peace for such county ; and the said county of the town shall, until any other district is made, form part of the county petty sessional district to which it adjoins, or, if it adjoins more than one such district, then of the district with which it has the longest common boundary, and any such existing justice shall, except when at quarter or general sessions, act only within the petty sessional district of which such county of a town forms part.

118. —(1.) Every existing officer who is by this Act transferred to any county or district council, or is an officer of any board of guardians, and would, if he were to retire on the appointed day, he

Google

1898. Local Government {Ireland) Act, 1898. Ch. 37. 191

qualified for a superannuation allowance, shall, without prejudice to any existing right, when he resigns or ceases to hold his office for some cause other than misconduct, be entitled to receive a superannuation allowance on the scale and according to the Acts and rules relating to Her Majesty's civil service.

(2.) For the purpose of the provisions of this Part of this Act with respect to existing officers, the expression “ qualified for superannuation allowance” shall mean qualified as regards age and length of service, and, except as respects a medical officer to whom the Medical Officers Superannuation Act (Ireland), 18G9, 32 * 33 vict* applies, the devotion of his whole time to the service. c',j0'

119. The provisions of this Act with respect to officers transferred Provision to a county council shall apply to all existing officers of any urban existing district council or town commissioners other than a town clerk or urbaTautho-clerk to the commissioners, in like manner as if they were officers rities other transferred by this Act to such council or commissioners, and an annual election or appointment shall not in future be necessary in c er "* the case of any such existing officer.

Part Vlir.

Transitory

Provisions.

120. Nothing in this Act shall prevent any high constable and Provision as collector, or collector of a barony, from collecting, in like manner to county as if this Act had not passed, any county cess comprised in any cess in B1Tea warrant held by him on the appointed day:

Provided that, if such constable or collector alleges that any portion of the said cess not recovered by him is irrecoverable, or that from sufficient cause he has been unable to collect the same before the appointed day, he may apply to the county council to relieve him from so paying that portion, or if he has paid it to the county treasurer, to repay him the sum paid; and the county council, with the approval of the Local Government Board, if it seems, having regard to the diligence used by the high constable or collector, and to the poundage he received in respect of the collection, and to all the circumstances of the case, equitable to grant the application in whole or in part, may so grant the application and pay the necessary sum as part of their expenses in the execution of this Act; provided always that, in the case of a high constable or collector who is not employed as a rate collector under a scheme made in pursuance of this Part of this Act, in the event of the refusal of such application by the county council, the high constable and collector or collector of a barony may appeal from such refusal to the Local Government Board, who shall entertain the subject matter of such appeal, and make such order thereon as to them seems just.

121. Every existing clerk of a union shall, unless he otherwise Performance agrees with the county council, or urban district council, as the under Be V case may be, continue to perform the duties of the clerk cf a union tration and under the Registration Acts and the Juries (Ireland) Acts, 1871 to Juries Act.-* 1894, and every collector of poor rate shall continue to give the office™*”1* same information and assistance as heretofore to that clerk in 34 & 35 Viet.

relation to the said duties. c- 65* .

57 & 58 Viet. C. 49.

Digitized by LjOOQie

192

Ch. 37. Local Government ( IrelanAct, 1898. 61 & 02 Vict.

Vart VIII.

Transitory Provisions. Employment and payment of officers by Local Government Board.

59 & 60 Vict. c. 41.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 79.

Provisions consequential on change of boundaries of judicial county.

Miscellaneous.

122. —(1.) The Local Government Board and Commissioner of Valuation respectively may, with the consent of the Treasury, as to number and remuneration, appoint and remove such officers and other persons as they or he may think necessary for the purposes of any adjustment under this Part of this Act, or otherwise, for the purpose of any work to be done for carrying this Act into effect, if such adjustment is made or work is done within twelve months after the commencement thereof, and the remuneration and expenses of all officers and other persons so appointed shall be defrayed out of the money standing to the Local Taxation (Ireland) Account under the Local Taxation (Ireland) Estate Duty Act, 1896.

(2.) The officers employed in- auditing county treasurers' accounts, who were formerly officers in the office of the Receiver Master and were subsequently transferred to the Local Government Board, shall become officers under that Board at the same remuneration as they have hitherto received ; and they shall be qualified to receive a grant of such superannuation allowance as is authorised by the Local Officers (Ireland) Superannuation Act, 1869 ; and their service as such officers after the transfer shall, as well as their past service, be reckoned as service for the purpose of such superannuation allowance, and any such allowance shall be paid out of the fee fund mentioned in the said Act; and any surplus of that fee fund above what is required to meet such superannuation and other expenses payable thereout shall be paid to the Local Taxation (Ireland) Account, and be applied as u it had been paid under the said Act of 1896.

123. —(1.) Any change made by this Act, or by an order made within six months after the passing of this Act, as respects the boundary of a judicial county shall not take effect until the jurors' books which are revised in the year one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine come into operation; Provided that in that year the jurors' lists and books shall be made out by the same officer and in the same manner as if the said order had taken effect.

(2.) Every matter, civil or criminal, arising before such change takes effect, which would have been heard, tried, determined, or otherwise dealt with, by any court or justices, may after such change takes effect be heard, tried, determined, and dealt with in like manner as if such change had taken effect before the said matter arose.

(3.) Provided that, where any proceeding in relation to any such matter had begun before the change took effect, the same may, if the court or justices so direct, be continued as if the change had not taken effect, and recognizances existing at the date of such change shall have effect and may be enforced in like manner, as nearly as circumstances admit, as they would have been if such change had not taken effec t.

Digitized by v^ooQle

1898.

Local Government ( IAct, 1898.

Ch. 37.

193

Commencement and Appointed Day. Pabt vm

124.—(1.) Subject as in this Act mentioned, this Act shall, in each administrative county, come into operation as to rural district councils and guardians on the twenty-fifth day of March, and as to ment of county councils and urban districts on the first day of April, and as to all other matters on the first day of April next after the passing thereof, or on such other day, not more than twelve months earlier or later, as in any case the Local Government Board (but after the election of county councillors for such county, on the application of the county council) may appoint, either generally or with reference to any particular provision of this Act, and different •days may be appointed for different purposes and different provisions of this Act, whether contained in the same section or in different sections or for different counties, and where any particular day is appointed for any particular provision of this Act coming into operation, that provision shall not come into force until the day so appointed.

(2.) Provided that the enactments relating to the registration of local government electors, or to the elections, or to any matter required to be done for the purpose of bringing this Act into operation on the appointed day, shall come into effect on the passing of this Act.

(3.) A reference in any enactment of this Act to the appointed day shall mean the day upon which such enactment comes into operation.

SCHEDULES. FIRST SCHEDULE. Acts referred to.

Part I.

Section 5.

Enactments relating to Compensation foi' Criminal Injury.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. | Enactments referred to.  1

e & 7 Will. 4. c. 116. The Grand Jury (Ireland) Act, 1836. Section one hundred and six; sections one hundred and thirty-five to one hundred and forty so far as unrepealed.

11 & 12 Vicfc.c.69. The Malicious Injuries (Ireland) Act, 1848. The whole Act.

16 & 17 Yict. c. 38. The Malicious Injuries (Ireland) Act, 1853. The whole Act.

57 & 68 Viet. c. 60. The Merchant Shipping Act, 1894. Section five hundred and fifteen, so far as it relates to Ireland.

Also any enactment applying or amending any of the above enactments, or otherwise touching compensation thereunder.

N

Google

194

Section 109.

Section 109.

Ch. 37. Local Government (.Ireland) Act, 1898. 61 & 62 Yict*

Part IL Lunatic Asylum Acts.

Session and Chapter.  Short Title.

1 A 2 Geo. 4. o. 33. - The Lunacy (Ireland) Act, 1821.

7 Geo. 4 c. 14. - The.Lunacy (Ireland) Act, 1826.

11 Geo. 4. and 1 Will. 4. c. 22. - The Richmond Lunatic Asylum Act, 1830.

8 A 9 Yiot. c. 107. - The Central Criminal Lunatic Asylum (Ireland) Act, 1846.

9 & 10 Yict. c. 115. - - The Lunatic Asylums (Ireland) Act, 1846.

18 A 19 Yict. c. 109. - - The Lunatic Asylums Repayment of Advances (Ireland) Act, 1855.

30 A 31 Yict. o. 118. - The Lunacy (Ireland) Act, 1867.

31 & 32 Yict. o. 97. - .  The Lunatic Asylums (Ireland) Accounts Audit Act, 18&.

38 & 30 Yict c. 67. - - The Lunatio Asylums (Ireland) Act, 1875.

63 A 64 Yict. c. 31. - ■ The Pauper Lunatio Asylums (Ireland) (Superannuation) Act, 1890.

60 A 61 Yict. c. xxxvii - Richmond District Asylum Act, 1897.

Part IIL

Valuation Acts.

Session and Chapter. Short Title.

15 A 16 Yict. c. 63. The Yaluation (Ireland) Act, 1852.

17 A 18 Yict. c. 8. - The Yaluation (Ireland) Aot, 1854

19 A 20 Yiot. c. 63. The Grand Juries (Ireland) Act, 1856.

23 A 24 Yiot. c. 4. • The Annual Revision of Rateable Property (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1860.

27 A 28 Yict. c. 52. - The Yaluation (Ireland) Act, 1864

37 A 88 Yict. c. 70. - The Yaluation (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1874.

17 A 18 Yict. c. 17. - The Boundary Survey (Ireland) Act, 1854

20 A 21 Yict. c. 45. • The Boundary Survey (Ireland) Act, 1857.

22 A 23 Yict. o. 8. The Boundary Survey (Ireland) Aot, 1859.

Digitized by CjOO^Ic

1898.

Local Government {Ireland) Act, 1898.

Part IV.

Dublin Collection of Bates Acts.

Ch. 37.

195

Sections 66. 109.

Session and Chapter. Title. Short Title.

12 & 13 Viet. c. 91. 1  An Act to provide for the The Dublin Collection

collection or rates in the City of Dublin. of Bates Act, 1849.

17 & 18 Viet. c. 22. An Act to enable the Collector- The Dublin Bridge

General of Dublin to levy money to repay a certain outlay by the corporation for preserving and improving the port of Dublin in ana about repairing the quay wall of the Biver Liffey, and for future repairs thereof, and for repairing and rebuilding bridges over the Act, 1854.

said river.

Part V.

Dublin Metropolis Police Acts.

Section 109.

Session and Chapter.  Title or Short Title.

6*7 Will. 4. c. 29. - - The Dublin Police Act, 1836.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Viet. c. 25. • The Dublin Police Aot, 1837.

2 A 3 Viet. c. 78. - The Dublin Police Act, 1839.

5 &6 Viet. c. 24. - - The Dublin Police Aot, 1842.

12 & 13 Viet. c. 91. - An Act to provide for the collection of rates in the city of Dublin.

22 & 23 Viet. c. 52. - • The Dublin Polioe Act, 1859.

31 & 32 Viet. c. 95. - The Dublin Police Act, 1867.

37 & 38 Viet. c. 23. - - The Besident Magistrates and Police Commissioners Salaries Act, 1874.

46 & 47 Viet. c. 14. - The Constabulary and Police (Ireland) Act, 1883.

SECOND SCHEDULE. Section 21.

County Boroughs.

Dublin. Limerick.

' - Belfast. Londonderry.

Cork. Waterford.

N 2

Digitized by LjOOQle

196'

Ch. 87. Local Government {Ireland) , 1898 61 & 62 Yict.

Section 58.

Section 104.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Local Taxation .

Licences for the sale of intoxicating liqnor for consumption on the premises;

Retail era of spirits (publicans). Retailers of spirits, occasional licences.

Retailers of beer.

Retailers of beer and wine.

Retailers of wine.

Retailers of wine, occasional licences.

Retailers of sweets.'

Licences for the sale of intoxicating liqnor by retail, by persons not licensed to deal therein, for consumption off the premises;

Retailers of spirits (grocers). Retailers of wine.

Retailers of beer and wine. Retailers of table beer.

Licences to deal in game.

Licences for—

Beer dealers.

Spirit dealers.

Sweet dealers.

Wine dealers.

Refreshment house keepers. . Guns.

Appraisers.

Certificates for killing game.

Auctioneers.

Hawkers.

House agents. Pawnbrokers. Plate dealers. Tobacco dealers.

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

English and Scotch Enactments capable of being applied.

Session and Chapter.

Short Title.

38 & 39 Viet. c. 55.

The Public Health Act, 1875.

Enactments capable of being applied.

Section one hundred and ninety-nine, and sub-sections six and eleven of Schedule One.

41 & 42 Yict. c. 26.

The Parliamentary and Municipal Registration Act, 1878.

Section twenty-one.

45 & 46 Yict. c. 50.

The Municipal Corporations Act, 1882.

Section seven, sub-section one of section twelve, subsection three of section fifteen, section twenty-two, sub-section one of section twenty-seven, sub-sections one and three to six of section twenty-eight, sections thirty, thirty-fonr, thirty-five, thirty-six, and thirty-seven, sub-section four of section thirty-nine, sections fo rty and forty-one,

Google

189S.

Local Government ( 1898.

Ch. 37.

197

Session and Chapter.

Short Title.

Enactments capable cf being applied.

46 & 46 Viet. o. 60.—

eont.

sub-section one of section forty-two, sections sixty-one and sixty-eight, Schedule Two, and Schedule Eight.

51 & 62 Viet. c. 10.

The County Electors Sub-section three of section Act, 1888. four.

51 A 52 Viot. c. 41.

The Local ] Government Act, 1888.

Sob-section six of section two, sub-sections one, three, and four of section fifty-four, sub-sections one to six of section fifty-seven, sections fifty-nine, sixty, and sixty-three, sub-sections one, two, and three of section sixty-four, subsection three of section sixty - five, sub • sections seven and eight of section sixty-eight, sections sixty-nine, seventy, seventy-two, seventy-four and seventy-five, sub-section two of section seventy-six, section seventy-eight, sub-section three of section seventy-nine, sub-sections one to three of section eighty, section eighty-one, subsection three of section eighty-two, sub-sections one, two, and five of section eighty-seven, section one hundred, sub-sections one, three, and four of section one hundred and eight, section one hundred and ten (except sub-section three), section one hundred and eleven (except subsection three), and sections one hundred and twenty-two, one hundred and twenty • three, and one hundred and twenty-four.

62 & 53 Viet. c. 50.

The Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889.

Sub-section one of section nine, and sab-section five of section eigbty-three.

54 & 55 Viet. c. 68.

The County Councils (Elections) . Act, 1891.

Section five.

56 * 57 Viet. c. 9.

- The Municipal Corporations Act, 1893.

The whole Act.

Digitized by Google

198

Ch. 37. Local Government (Irdand) Act, 1898. 61 & 62 Vict.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Enactments capable of being applied.

66 &57 Vict. c. 73.- The Local Govern- Sub-section two (so far as

ment Aot, 1894. relates to the qualification of women) and sub-section five of section twenty, subsection two (so far as relates to the qualification of women) and sub-section five of section twenty-three, sab-sections four and seven of section twenty-four, sections forty-three, forty-six, and forty-eight, subsections three, four, and five of section fifty-five, sub-sections one, two, and

three of section fifty-eight, sub-sections one and five of section fifty-nine, sections sixty-seven and sixty-eight, sub-sections one and three of section seventy, sections seventy-three ana seventy-five, sub-section five of seotion eighty-five, and Part Four of Sohedule One.

59 & 60 Vict. c. 1. - The Local Government (Elections) Act, 1896. Section one.

Section 105.

FIFTH SCHEDULE.

Irish Enactments subject to Adaptation by Order in Council.

The Grand Juries Acts.

The Municipal Corporations (Ireland) Act, 1840.

The Lighting of Towns (Ireland) Act, 1828.

The Towns Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1854.

The Public Health Acts, 1878 to 1896.

The Valuation Acts.

(The Registration Acts.

The Lunatic Asylum Acts.

The Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1871.

The Local Government Board (Ireland) Act, 1872.

The Tramways (Ireland) Acts, 1860 to 1896.

Digitized by LjOoq ie

1898.

Local Government ( ) Act, 1898.

Ch. 37.

199

SIXTH SCHEDULE.

Acts repealed.

Pabt I.—Grand Juries Acts.

Session and Chapter.

4 Geo. 4. c. 33.

Short Title.

The County Treasurers (Ireland) Act, 1823.

Extent of Repeal.

The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

3 Will. 4. c. 37.-

An Act to alter and amend the laws relating to the temporalities of the church in Ireland.

Section seventy-two.

3 &4 Will. 4 c. 78.-

The Grand Juries (Ireland) Act, 1833.

Seotion seventy-four from “ Provided always ” to the end of the section.

6 A 7 Will. 4. c. 116.

The Grand Jury (Ireland) Act, 1836.

Sections four to twenty-eight.

Section twenty-nine from “ shall inspect the schedules” to “the said “ commission and such “ sheriff,” and the word “ so ” where the same next occurs, and from “and ** the clerk of the Crown ” to the end of the soction.

Section thirty.

Section thirty-two from “ or “ to act ” to the end of the section.

Section thirty-three from “ and the assizes of each “ county” to the end of the section, and so mueh of the rest of the section as relates to the powers and duties of the grand juiy in relation to the business transferred by this Act.

Seotion thirty-four from “other than those” to “ concerns of the county,” and from “ and the whole “ of such fiscal ” down to “ herein-after provided “ and,” and from “save “ the making ” to the end of the seotion.

Section thirty-five to “pro-“ vided farther that.”

Section thirty-seven.

Seotion thirty-eight from “ which fact together with “ the necessity ” to the end of the section.

Section 110.

200

Cu. 37.

Local Government {Ireland) , 1898. 61 & G2 Vict.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

6 & 7 WilL 4. c. 116. —oont.  Sections thirty-nine and forty.  Section forty-one.  Section forty-two.  Seotion forty-three from “and “ each such surveyor” down to “ instalments at “ each assizes,” and from “ and every such assis-“ tant ” to the end of the seotion.  Section forty-fire.  Section forty-six from “ and “ incase” to the end of the section.  Sections forty-seven to forty-nine.  Section fifty from “ provided “ always ” to the end of the section.  Section fifty-two from “ pro-“ vided always ” to the end of the section .  Section fifty-five from “ unless such new ” to the end of the section.  Sections sixty to sixty-four.  Section sixty-nine from “ and whenever any pre* “ sentment ” to the end of the section.  Sections seventy-two, seventy-four, seventy-five, and eighty one.  Section eighty-four, from “and to set forth” to “ yearly instalments,” and from “and the treasurer” to the end of the section.  Section eighty-seven from “and every person ap-“ pointed ” to the end of the section.  Sections ninety-one and ninety-two.  Section ninety-three except as respects the repayment of advances made before the commencement of this Act.  Sections ninety-four and ninety-six.  Section one hundred and seven from “ and such “ presentment ” to the end of the section.  In section one hundred and ten the words “ secretaries “ to grand juries,” “ medical officers of “ prisons,” and “payable “ half-yearly at each

Digitized by v^ooQie

1898. Local Government ( Act> 1898. Ch. 37.

Session and Chapter.

Short Title.

6 & 7 Will. c. 116. —coni.

7 Will. 4.A 1 Yict.

c.2.

The Grand Jury (Ireland) Act, 1837.

Extent of Repeal.

44 assizes by equal moieties,” and from 44 and the grand 44 jury at any assizes,” to the end of the section, so far as respects officers appointed under this Act. Section one hundred and eleven.

In section one hundred and seventeen, the words44 high 44 constable” wherever they occur.

Section one hundred and twenty-four.

Section one hundred and twenty-six, except as respects the repayment of advances made before the commencement of this Act. Sections one hundred and twenty-seven to one hundred and thirty-four so far as unrepealed.

Section one hundred and thirty-five from 44 any 44 person or persons 44 injured ” to 44 touching 44 the said offence and.” Sections one hundred and thirty-six, one hundred and thirty-eight, one hundred and thirty-nine to 44 re-44 ceived to any such nre-44 eentment,” one honored and forty-two and one hundred and forty-four. Sections one hundred and forty-five to one hundred and forty-nine.

Sections one hundred and fifty-two to one hundred ana fifty-four.

Section one hundred and fifty-five from 44 sanc-44 tioned ” to 44 may be 44 made.”

Section one hundred and sixty-six.

Sections one hundred and seventy-five to one hundred and seventy-seven Schedule Z, Form A, Form B, and Form G; Schedules X, Y, and T.

In Schedule S, anything relating to medical officers of prisons and secretaries to grand jury.

Section two, from 44 and for 44 the more Bpeedy ” to the | end of section.

Google

201

202

Ch. 37. Local Government ( IrelanAct, 1898. 61 & 62 Yict.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

7 Will. 4. <fe 1 Yict. c. 2.—cont.  Sections three, four, and eight.  Sections twelve to sixteen.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Yict. c. 54. The County Treasurers (Ireland) Act, 1837. The whole Act so far as rare pealed, except section seven so far as that section relates to exist in gtreasurers not banking companies.

1 & 2 Viet. c. 51, - The Grand Jury Cess (Dublin) Act, 1838. Section two.

1 & 2 Yict. c. 53. - The County Treasurers (Ireland) Act, 1838. The whole Act so far as unrepealed, except section one so far as that section relates to existing treasurers not banking companies.

1 A2 Yict. c. 115. - The County Dublin Baronies Act, 1838. The whole act so far as unrepealed.

l&2Vict. c. 116. - The County Institutions (Ireland) Aot, 1838. The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

2 & 3 Yict c. 50. - The Publio Works (Ireland) Act, 1839. Sections eighteen and nineteen, except as respects the repayment of advances made before the commencement of this Act.  Sections twenty-two to twenty-four.

4 & 5 Yict. c. 10. An Aot for extending to the county of the oity of Dublin the provisions of an Aot passed in the nineteenth and twentieth yean of His late Majesty King George the Third, in Ireland, intituled “ An Act to prevent “ the detestable “ practices ofhough-“ ing oattle, burn-" ing of houses, “ barns, haggards, “ and corn, and for “ other purposes,” so far as relates to burning of houses. The whole Act.

6 & 7 Viet. c. 32. • The Grand Juries (Ireland) Act, 1843. The whole Act, except sections fourteen, nineteen, twenty, and twenty-six.

1898.

Local Government (.I 1898.

Ch. 37.

203

Session and Chapter.

Short Title.

Extent of Repeal.

7 & 8 Yict. o. 106.

The County Dublin Grand Jury Act, 1844.

Sections two to four.

Seotion five from "and in " case ” to end of section.

Section six.

Sections seven to twelve.

Section thirteen from "and " whenever any present' “ ment ” to the end of the section.

Sections sixteen and eighteen.

Sections twenty-seven and twenty-eight.

Section twenty-nine, except as respects the repayment of advances made before the commencement of this Act.

Sections thirty and forty-one. Section forty-two from "and " such presentment" to the end of the section.

Section forty-five from " pay-“ able half-yearly ” to " in “ the said schedule."

Section forty-six.

Section forty-seven from “subject nevertheless" to the end of the section.

Section fifty-one, the words “ the judges of the Court of " Queen's Bench or," wherever those words occur, "or any finance oommit-" tee,” and " or the finance “ committee.”

Section fifty-eight from " pro-“ vided always that” to the end of the section.

Section sixty-one.

Section sixty-two.

Sections sixty-four to eighty-four.

Section eighty-five from “ which fact, together with “ the necessity,” to the end of the section.

Sections eighty-six to one hundred and six.

In section one hundred and eight, the words "or any " road warden” and "or “ road warden ” wherever those words occur.

Section one hundred and nine.

Section one hundred and ten from "and every person” to the end of the section.

Digitized by v^ooQle

204

Ch. 37. Local Government {Ireland) Act, 1898. 61 & 62 Yict.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

7*8 Yict. c. 106— cont.  Sections one hundred and eleven and one hundred and twelve.  Section one hundred and fourteen from “ sanctioned” to “may be made.”  Sections one hundred and twenty-two to one hundred and twenty-eight.  Sections one hundred and thirty-one, one hundred and thirty-four, and one hundred and thirty-five.  Schedules Number One to Number Fourteen; Number Fifteen so far as it specifies the amount of any salary; Number Sixteen.

8 A 9 Yict. c. 81. - The Grand Jnrv (Dublin) Act. 1845. Sections two, three, eight, nine, and eleven.

11 A 12 Yict. c. 26. - The Grand Jury Cess (Ireland) Act, 1848. The whole Act so far as un> repealed, except section six.

11 A 12 Yict. c. 32. - The County Cess (Ireland) Act, 1848. The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

11 A 12 Yict. c. 69. - The Malicious Injuries (Ireland) Act, 1848. Section two from “ Provided “ always that ” to the end of the section.

13 A 14 Yict. c. 82. - The Grand Jury Cess (Ireland) Act, 1850. The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

14 A 15 Yict. c. 65. - The Grand Jury Cess (Dublin) Act, 1851. The whole Act so far as nn-repealed.

16 A 17 Yict. c. 38. - The Malicious Injuries (Ireland) Act, 1853. Section ODe from “ Provided “ always that ” to the end of the section.

19 A 20 Yict. c. 63. - The Grand Jury (Ireland) Act, 1856. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed, except sections thirteen, seventeen, eighteen, and twenty-one.

20 A 21 Yict. c. 7. - The Grand Jury Cess (Ireland) Act, 1857. Sections one and two.

20 A 21 Yict. c. 15. - The Grand Jury (Ireland) Act, 1857. The whole Act.

24 A 25 Yict. c. 63. - The County Surveyors, Ac. (Ireland) Act, 1861. The whole Act.

Digitized by v^ooQie

1898.

Local Government ( I) Act, 1898.

Ch. 37.

205

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

25 A26 Viet. c. 106. The County Surveyors (Ireland) Act, 1862. In section two, the words ** the Lord Lieutenant sub-“ ject to the approval of.”

30 A 31 Viet. c. 46. - The County Treasurers (Ireland)Act, 1867. Sections four to nine.  Section eleven from “to fix “ the nature” to “nomi-“ nated or appointed trea-“ surer.”  Sections twelve to fifteen.  Section seventeen except as regards any existing treasurer.  Sections nineteen and twenty.

30 A 31 Viet. c. 112- The Public Works (Ireland) Act, 1867. The whole Act.

32 A 33 Viet. c. 79. - The Local Officers Superannuation (Ireland) Act, 1869. Section five save so far as relates to any existing officer.

34 A 35 Viet. c. 106. The Detached Portions of Counties (Ireland) Aot, 1871. The whole Act except section four.

35 A 36 Viet. c. 48. - The County Boundaries (Ireland) Act, 1872. Section five.

36 A 37 Viet. c. 65. - The County and City of Dublin Grand Jurors Aot, 1873. Section two.

38 A 39 Viet. c. 56. - The County Surveyors (Superannuation) Ireland Act, 1875. Section three.

40 A 41 Viet. c. 57. - The Supreme Court of Judicature (Ireland) Act, 1877. Section seventy-five from “ the jurisdiction to audit ” to “jurisdictions aforesaid,” so far as relate? to the auditors of oounty treasurers' accounts, and from “ to transfer and attach ” to “prescribe and also.”

58 A 59 Viet. c. 8. - The Grand Jury (Ireland) Aot, 1895. The whole Act.

60 A 61 Viet. c. 2. - The County Dublin Surveyors Act, 1897. The whole Act.

Digitized by i^ooQie

Ch. 37. Local Government {Ireland) Act, 1898. 61 & 62 Vict.

Part II—Municipal Corporations (Ireland) Acts.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of RepeaL

S & 4 Viet. o. 106. - The Municipal Corporations (Ireland) Act, 1840. Section fourteen from “ and " if the persons ” to ** and “ in every such case.”  Section sixteen, from “ or " until 'there shall** to “ Fourth,” where that word next occurs, and from “ or ** upon the election” to “ Fourth ” where that word next occurs ; and from “ or “ in the commissioners'* down to “ case may be **; section eighteen, from “ or “ until ” down to “ Fourth '* where that word next occurs, and from ** or upon “ the election” down to “ Fourth ” where that word next occurs, and from “ or “ in the commissioners” down to “ case may be.**  In section thirty, the words “ as herein - after men-“ tioned,” from ** if duly “ enrolled ” to “ contained, and from “ and in any “ borough'* to the end of the section.  Sections thirty-one to thirty-four.  Seotions thirty-six to forty-seven.  Sections forty-nine and fifty, section fifty-two from “ but “ in case where” to ** Monday following ”; section fifty-three except __ as regards the mayor ; section fifty-four.  Section fifty-five, from “ shall “ oausef' to “year and” and from “and of the “ churchwardens ” to “as “ aforesaid.”  Section fifty-six.  Section fifty-seven, from “ and “ in every such borough ** to the end of the section.  Section fifty-eight from ** nor “ shall any person be auali-** fied ” to the end or the section.  Section fifty-nine, from “ deli-“ vered to the town clerk '* to the end of the section.  Sections sixty-four to seventy.  In section seventy-one the words “ with respect to the “ revision of the lists of w burgesses or.”

Digitized by LjOOQle

1898

Local Government {Ireland) Act, 1898. Ch. 37.

207

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

3 A 4Viet. o. 108.— coni.  Seotion seventy-three.  In section seventy-fonr the words “by the provisions “ herein-before contained,” and from “ except that “ every such election" to the end of the section.  In section eighty-one the words “ municipal commis-“ sioner, auditor or as-“ sessor,” and “ or Commis-“ sioners,” and from “ and “ such election shall be “ held ” to “ as aforesaid.” Section eighty-three from “and in like” to the end of the section.  In section eighty-five “ muni-“ cipal commissioner, audi-“ tor or assessor ” wherever those words occur, and the words “ alderman, coun-“ cillor, or assessor,” and the words “ or commis-“ sioners,” and from “ and “ in the case ” to the end of the section.  In section eighty-six the words “ auditor or assessor ” and “ assessors or auditors,” and from “ and every muni-“ cipal ” to “ his office.” Section eighty-eight.  In section eighty-nine the words “ or municipal com-“ missioner or auditor or “ assessor,” “ according to ** the provisions of this “ Act,” from “and every “ person ” to “ ward as the “ case may be,” and the words “ commissioner, audi-“ tor or assessor ” twice occurring, and the words “ auditor or assessor,” and the words “ or by a person “ qualified to vote for the “ commissioners for such “ borough,” and “ such “ person ” where those words next occur; and the words “ or town fund.”  In section ninety-two the words “ or board of muni-“ cipal commissioners,” “ or commissioners,” and ** or is qualified to vote as “ aforesaid,” and the words "or board,” “ or chairman,” and “ or commissioner ” wherever they occur; and

Digitized by v^ooQle

208

Ch. 37. Local Government ( IreAct, 1898. 61 Sc 62 Vict.

Session and Chapter.

Short Title.

Extent of Repeal.

3*4 Yict. c. 108.— coni.

from “ the whole ” to “ whole council or board ” and from “ and the said “ quarterly meetings” to the end of the section.

In section ninety-three the words “or board of com-44 missioners ” and the words 44 or board ” wherever they occur.

In section ninety-five the words “ or board ” wherever they occur.

Section ninety-eight.

Section one hundred and twenty-five from “ provided “ further” to the end of the section.

In seotion one hundred and twenty-nine from “ or on 44 acoount ” to “ of this Act,” the words “ or comm is-“ sioners,” and from “or “ person ” to 44 such com-44 missioners.'*

In section one hundred and thirty the words “ or com-44 missioners.”

Section one hundred and thirty-six from “and all “ the accounts ” to 44 sign 44 the same ” and the words 44 or commissioners,” and 44 or commissioner” and 44 so respectively examined 44 and ” and 44 in the month 44 of September.”

Sections one hundred and thirty-eight and one hundred and fifty.

Section one hundred and fifty-three from “and in 44 such of the Baid 44 boroughs ” to 44 office of 44 coroner,” and from44 pro-44 vided always that in 44 every ” to the end of the section.

5 & 6 Yict. c. 104.

6.&17 Yict. c. 93.

• The Municipal Corporations (Ireland) Act, 1842.

Section seven.

- The Municipal Corporations (Ireland) Act, 1843.

Sections two and three. Section four.

Section five from “and at 44 the like times ” to the end of the section.

Sections thirteen, fourteen, nineteen, and twenty.

Digitized by t^OOQLe

1898.

Local Government {Ireland) Act, 1898.

Ch. 87.

209

Session and Chapter.

Short Title.

•6 A 7 Viet. c. 93.— cont.

15 A 16 Viet. c. 5.

22 Viet. c. 35.

- The Municipal Corpo-

rations Act, 1852.

- ; The Municipal Corpo-

rations Act, 1859.

•3 A 24 Viet. c. 74.

The Borough Coroners (Ireland) Act, 1860.

34 A 35 Viet. c. 109.

The Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1871.

35 A 36 Viet. c. 60.

38 A39 Viet. c. 40.

39 A 40 Viet. c. 76.

42 A 43 Viet. c. 53. -48 & 49 Viet. c. 9.

The Corrnpt Practices (Municipal Elections) Act, 1872.

The Municipal Elections Act, 1875.

The Municipal Privilege Act, Ireland,

The Municipal Elections (Ireland) Act, 1879.

The Municipal Voters Belief Act, 1885.

Extent of Repeal.

Section twenty-six except so far as it affects the title of any property real or personal.

Sections twenty-seven and twenty-eight.

The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

Section one from “ no person ** shall be elected” to “ said recited Act and”.

In section eleven the words “ except the boroughs or “ municipalities of Cork, “ Kilkenny, and Water-“ ford,” and sections twenty, twenty-one, and twenty-seven.

The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

Section four, from “ the ** Council of the city of ** Kilkenny ” to “ County “ of the town of Drog-“ heda.”

The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

The whole Act so far as it relates to Ireland.

Part III.—Irish Town Acts.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

9 Geo. 4. c. 82. The Lighting of Towns (Ireland) Act, 1828. The whole Act, except so far as it is applied by any Act or enactment.

17 A 18 Viet. c. 103. The Towns Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1854. Section four, from “each of “ such ” to “ or upwards ” and from “ or the chair-*' man ” down to ” be in ** force.”  Section five, from “ provided ** always ” to the end of the section, so far as regards towns which are urban districts.

O

Digitized by ^ooQle

210

Ch. 37. Local Government {Ireland) Act, 1898. 61 & 62 Vict.

Session And Chapter.

Short Title.

Extent of Repeal.

17 A 18 Yict. o. 103. —cont.

Section seven, from “ that is “ to say ” to the end of the section.

Section ten, from “at such “polling place ” to the end of the section.

Sections eleven and twelve.

In section fourteen, “ qualified “ in each case respectively “ as aforesaid” and “and “ occupiers” wherever those words occur respectively.

Section seventeen.

Section nineteen.

Section twenty-one, from “ qualified as next herein-** after mentioned ” to the end of the section; section twenty-two; so much of section twenty-four as incorporates sections twenty-one to twenty-three and sections twenty-six to thirty-one and section thirty.five of the Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847; section twenty-five; so much of section twenty-six as incorporates sections six to ten and twelve to sixteen of the Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847.

Section sixty-four, from " provided that ” to the end of the section, and the rest of the section except so far as it applies to any case where a rate can, under the provisions of this Act, be made on the immediate lessor.

Section sixty-eight, so far as regards towns which are urban districts and Schedule B.

Part IY.—Poor Relief (Ireland) Acts.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

1 A 2 Yict. o. 56. - The Poor Belief (Ire. land) Act, 1838. Section seventeen from “ and “ the guardians shall ” to the end of the section. Section nineteen to “ pro-“ vided always that” Section twenty.

Digitized by LjOOQie

1898.

Local Government ( I) Act, 1898.

Ch. 37

211

Session and Chapter.

Short Title.

Extent of Repeal.

1*2 Yict. c. 56.— coni.

2*3 Viet. c. 1. 6*7 Viet. c. 92.

The Poor Belief (Ireland) Act, 1839. The Poor Belief (Ireland) Act, 1843.

Section twenty-one from “for the ensuing” to the end of the section.

Sections twenty-three to twenty-five.

Section thirty-one, from “ for “ superintending ” to “ for “ the purposes of this Act,” so far as unrepealed.

In section thirty-two the words “ or of any electoral “ division comprised there-“ in ”

Section forty-four from “ and the board” to the end of the section.

Sections sixty-two and seventy - four ; section seventy-five except so far as it applies to any case where a rate can, under the provisions of this Act, be made on the immediate lessor.

Section seventy-eight from “ provided always ” to the end of the section.

Section seventy-nine from “ that no deduction on ao-“ count of ” down to “ pro-“ vided also ” and the rest of the section so far as regards rent except so far as it applies to any case where a rate can, under the provisions of this Act, be made on the immediate lessor.

Section eighty, from “and “ not entitled” to “from “ the rent paid by him.”

Sections eighty-one to eighty-six.

Section eighty-eight.

Sections two and five.

Sections one to three except so far as they apply to any case where a rate can, under the provisions of this Act, be made on the immediate lessor.

Section four from “ provided “al way s”where itlast occurs to the end of the section.

In section eleven the words “ on any electoral division ”

Sections twelve, thirteen, nineteen, and twenty.

Sections twenty-two to twenty-six.

O 2

Digitized by v^ooQle

212

Ch. 37. Local Government ( Irelan)Act, 1898. 61 & 62 V icr.

Session and Chapter.

Short Title.

Extent of BepeaL

10 & 11 Viet. C. 31.

The Poor Belief (Ireland) Act, 1847.

Section six, and section eleven from “ which deter-“ mine*'down to “provisions “ of the said Acts ” where those words next ooour; and from “and all provi-“ sions of the said Acts “ which relate to the “ power ” to the end of the section.

Section twelve.

In section thirteen the words “ of the electoral division “ in which such person “ shall be resident,” and from the first ** notwith-“ standing ” to “ of such “ electoral division and ” Section fifteen from “ all ex-“ jienses ” to “situated and ” Section sixteen.

11 & 12 Viet. c. 25.

12 & 13 Viet. c. 91.

12 & 13 Viet. c. 104.

The Poor Belief (Ireland) Act, 1848.

An Aot to provide for the Collection of Bates in the City of Dublin.

The Poor Belief (Ireland) Act, 1849.

I

In section three the words “ or any electoral division “ therein ” and from “ at “ large ” to the end of the section.

In section twenty-nine the words “ poor rates ” and “ grand jury cess ”

Section thirty-two.

Section thirty-four.

Section forty-one.

In Schedule A. and Schedule B. the words “ poor rate ” and “ grand jury cess ”

Sections six to nine.

Section eleven.

Section twenty-five from “at “ large ” to the end of the section.

In section twenty-six the words “or electoral divi-“ sion ” " on any electoral “ division or divisions,” “ resident therein reepec-“ tively,” “ or of any elec-“ toral division or divisions “ thereof,” and “ of the “ electoral division or divi-“ sions.”

Section twenty-seven from “ the sums or sum of “ money ” to “ repayment “ thereof and that.”

Section twenty-eight from “ resident or relievable '* to “ shall have been so “ charged or.”

Digitized by Google

3898.

Local Government (Ireland), Act, 1898.

•Ch. 37.

Session and Chapter.

Short Title.

Extent of Repeal.

14 A 15 Yict. c. 68.

25 A 26 Yict. c. 83.

29 & 30 Yict. c. 38.

39 A 40 Yict. c. 50.

The Poor Belief (Ireland) Act, 1851.

The Poor Belief (Ireland) Act, 1862.

The Poor Persons Burial (Ireland) Act, 1866.

The Poor Law Bating (Ireland) Act, 1876.

Section six from “ and from “ and after a day ” to "force 4‘ for the time being,” and from "and shall likewise " declare” to the end of the section.

Section seven.

In section eleven the words " or member of the com-44 mittee of management.” In section twelve the words 44 the committees of 44 management.”

In section eighteen the words 44 or dispensary com-44 mittee.”

In section three the words 44 electoral division or,” and from "at large” to 44 Ireland.”

Section four from 44 to the 44 credit of the electoral ” to 44 such poor person or,” and the words 44 as the case 44 may be.”

In section seven the words 44 or electoral division as 44 the case may be.” Sections thirteen to twenty. Sections twenty-fonr and twenty-five.

In section one the words 44 the electoral division or 44 of” and from "in like 44 manner” to the end of the section.

Sections three, five, and six.

42 A 43 Yict. c. 25.

53 A 54 Yict. c. 30.

55 A 56 Yict. c. 41.

The Honses Act, 1879.

- The Poor Law Acts

(Ireland) Amendment Aot, 1890.

- The Boards of

Management of Poor Law District Schools (Ireland)

Section eleven the words 44 not being more than 44 sixty years” and from 44 of the electoral division ” to 44 dispensary district.” Section twelve from 44 of the *> electoral division” to 44 in relief” and from 44 of 44 the same ” to the end of the section.

Section thirteen from44 of the 44 electoral division” to 44 property in Ireland.” Section three.

Section two from 44 any sum 44 so paid” to the end of the section, being subsection two.

Act, 1892.

Digitized by v^ooQle

214

Ch. 37.

Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1898. 61 & 62 Vict.

Part V.—Lunatic Asylum Acts.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

1 & 2 Geo. 4. o. 33. - The Lunacy (Ireland) Act, 1821. Section one.  Section two from “and that “ every such asylum ” to Privy Council,” where those words lastly occur, and the rest of the section except so far as relates to districts.  Sections four to thirteen so far as unrepealed.

7 Geo. 4. o. 14. The Lunacy (Ireland) Act, 1826. Section one from “ and that * * every such asylum” where those words first occur to ** said recited Act ” where those words last occur, and the rest of the section oxcept so far as it authorises the Lord Lieutenant to alter asylum districts.

11 Geo. 4. A 1 Will. 4. c.22. The Richmond Lunatic Asylum Act, 1830. Section two so far as it applies any enactments repealed by this Act. Sections three and five.

8 A 9 Yict. c. 107. - The Central Criminal Lunatic Asylum (Ireland) Act, 1845. Sections thirteen to sixteen.  Section nineteen so far as it applies any enactments repealed by this Act.  Sections twenty to twenty-two.  Section twenty-five from ** in the forms ” to the end of the section.  The Schedules.

18 A 19 Yict. c. 109. The Lunatic Asylums Repayment of Advances (Ireland) Act, 1855. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed, except sections four and eight, and except so far as respects money expended or expenses incurred before the passing of this Act.

19 A 20 Yict. c. 99. - The Lunatic Asylums Superannuations (Ireland) Act, 1856. The whole Act, except so far as it relates to existing officers or pensions.

30 A 31 Yict. c. 118. The Lunacy (Ireland) Act, 1867. Sections two to five; and sections one, six, and eight, exoept so far as they relate to existing officers or pensions.

31 A 32 Yict. c. 97. - The Lunatic Asylums (Ireland) Accounts Audit Act, 1868. The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

Digitized by L.ooQle

1898.

Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1898,

Ch. 37.

215

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

40 &41 Yict. c. 27. - The Public Works Loans (Ireland) Act, 1877. Section five, except as respects the repayment of advances made before the commencement of this Act.

41 A 42 Yict. c. 24. - The Lunatic Asylums Loans (Ireland) Act, 187a The whole Act.

53 & 54 Yict. c. 31. - The Pauper Lunatic Asylums (Ireland) Superannuation Act, 1890. Section three, from “within “ the meaning” down to “ one hundred and “ eighteen,” and the words “ with the approval of the “ inspectors of lunatics, or “ one of them” and the words “ or servant” wherever they occur in that section; and section four.

Part VI.—Miscellaneous Acts.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

55 Geo. 3. c. 89. The Court Houses (Ireland) Act, 1815. Sections one and two.

2*3 Will. 4. c. 85. - The Charities (Ireland) Act, 1882. The whole Act.

3 A 4 Will. 4. c. 37.. An Act to alter and amend the laws relating to the temporalities of the Church in Ireland. Section seventy-two from “ at “ the next assizes ” to the end of the section.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 26. - The Assizes (Ireland) Act, 1835. Section two, from “and to “ order ” down to “ such “ county” where those words next occur; section three from ‘ * or for dividing ” to “this Act” and the words “or division”; and section four.

9 & 10 Yict. c. 37. - The Coroners (Ireland) Act, 1846. Seotion two.  In section three the words “ and they are hereby re-“ quired, from “and to “ fix” to “shall betaken,” and from “and the said “ clerk” to “and deter-“ mined,” and the words “ riding or division” wherever they occur.  Section four, to “ in manner ** as aforesaid and ”

Google

216

Ch. 37. Local Government ( Irelan) Act, 1898. 61 & 62 Tier.

Session and Chapter.

Short Title.

Extent of Repeal.

9 A 10 Viet. c. 37— cont.

In section five “ riding or

division ” wherever those

words occur.

Section six, from “ assembled ** at”to “ special sessions.'

Sections seven to seventeen so far as nnrepealed.

Section eighteen from “ upon “ the receipt ” to “ this Act “ or,” and from “ and to “ direct a writ ” to the end of the section.

Section twenty.

Section twenty-one from “ and to order a writ ” to the end of the section.

In section twenty-four the words “ riding or division ” wherever they occur.

In section twenty-nine the words “at any assizes or

“ county, city, or town,” “ until the next ensuing “ assizes or presenting “ term,” “ to suen board of “ superintendence ” and “ for the said Board of “ superintendence if they “ shall so think fit.” Section forty-two, from “and thereupon a writ” to the end of the section.

Section forty-three, from “nor shall it be lawful” to the end of the section. Schedule A. and Schedule B.

“ the town council ” to “ county ” ; in section thirty-two the words “or “town council”; sections thirty - three and forty-seven.

15 A 16 Viet. c. 63. - The Valuation (Ireland) Act, 1852.

Section twenty-six ; in section thirty-one from “and to

17 & 18 Viet. c. 8. - The Valuation (Ire- Section three, land) Act, 1854.

20 A 21 Viet. c. 45. The Boundary Lunacy Section three.

(Ireland) Act, 1857.

23 A 24 Viet. c. 152. The Tramways (Ire- Section thi: land) Act, 1860. tion thirt

Section thirty-six and in section thirty-eight the words “ of not less than two-

“ thirds.'

24 A 25 Viet. c. 102. The Tramways (Ire- Section five.

land) Amendment Act, 1861.

Google

1898.

Local Government (Ireland,) Act, 1898,

Ch. 37,

217

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

31 A 32 Yict. c. 49. - The Bepresentation of the People (Ireland) Act, 1868. Section nineteen and sections twenty-one to twenty-three.  Section twenty-four from “and in all towns” to “cleansing commis-“ sioners,” the words “or “ municipal,” and from “ and in towns under none ” to the end of the section.

33 A 34 Yict. c. 46. - The Landlord and Tenant (Ireland) Act, 1870. Sections sixty-five to sixty-seven.

35 A 36 Yict. c. 69. * The Local Government Board (Ireland) Act, 1872. Section four from “ and save as ” to the end of the section.

37 A 38 Yict. c. 70. - The Valuation (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1874. Section two from “ in equal moieties ” to “ assizes in ** each year.”

38 A 39 Viet. c. 17. - The Explosives Act, 1875. Section one hundred and eighteen from “ including ” to “ under this Act so far as relates to county councils other than the councils of county boroughs, and from “ all expenses incurred in “ any petty sessions dis-“ trict ” to the end of tho section.

39 A 40 Yict. c. 65. - The Tramways (Ireland) Amendment (Dublin) Act, 1876. Section four.

39 A 40 Yict. c. zeiii. The Coroners (Dublin) Aot, 1876. Section three, from “ in addition” to ** required ” and the word “ further.”

41 A 42 Yict. o. 49. - The Weights and Measures Aot, 1878. Section seventy-nine, from “ by inquiry ” to “ jury.”

41 A 42 Yict. c. 52. - The Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878. Section six, from “and the “ guardians ” to the end of the section.  Section two hundred and six. In section two hundred and thirty-two the words “ the “ electoral divisions or “ parts thereof in” and from “ according to the “ rateable ” to “ thereof.” Section two hundred and thirty-four, from “ or of “any ” to “case determine ” and, so far as regards rural districts, from “Provided “ always ” to the end of the section.

Google

/

218

Ch. 37. Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1898. 61 & 62 Yict.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of liepeal.

4? &143 Yict. c. 57. - The Public Health (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1879. Section two.  In section four the words “ of “ the electoral division or.”

44 &45 Viet. c. 35. -  i  » The Coroners (Ireland) Act, 1881. Section three, from “equal “to” down to “said period ” and from “ provided always “ that ” down to “ hold such “inquest,” and section four.

45 * 46 Yict. c. 49. - The Militia Act, 1882. So much of sub-section two of section fifty-three as relates to Galway; and so much of theTirst Schedule as relates to Kilkenny, Drogheda, and Galway.

46 & 47 Yict. c. 60. - The Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883. Section five, from “ provided “ that” to “ number of “ twelve ” ; section six from “ the scheme shall also ” to “ charged ” ; in section seven the words “ and the “ proposed area of charge,” ana from “ the provisional “ order shall also specify ” down to “ charged ” ; section seventeen, from the beginning down to “ Part “ Five ofthe Public Health “ (Ireland) Act, 1878,” and the words “out of which “ special expenses are “ payable.”

47 & 48 Yict. c. 77. - The Public Health (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1884. Sections two, three, and six.

48 & 49 Yict. c. 77. - The Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1885. In section twelve, the words “declared by such order “ to be ”; and section eighteen.

49 & 50 Yict. c. 59. - The Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1886.  1 Section five.

60 &61 Yict. c. 43. - 1  The Military Manoeuvres Act, 1897. Section nine from “ persons “ not more ” to “ have effect,” being sub-sections one and two.

\

Google

1898.

Local Government ( Ireland)Act, 1898. Ch. 37.

219

SEVENTH SCHEDULE.

Compensation.

Sections 115 (13), (19)» 11®*

Past I.

Scale of Compensation.

The compensation payable to any high constable or collector of a barony or to his deputy duly appointed under section one hundred and forty-eight of the Grand Juries Act, 1836, shall be according to the following scale:—

(a) If his service has not exceeded two grand jury half-years, one year's net emoluments;

(&) If his service has exceeded two grand jury half-years, one year's net emoluments together with one quarter of one year's net emoluments for each grand jury half-year which he has served above the two first, but not exceeding in any case five years' net emoluments;

(c) The net emoluments shall be ascertained according to the average for the six grand jury half-years next before the summer assizes, 1898, or if the officer has served for less than that period, then for the period of his service;

(d) The gross emoluments of a deputy shall not exceed the sum deducted in respect thereof in ascertaining the net emoluments of the high constable or collector whose deputy he was;

( e) The expression “grand jury half-year” means the period between any assizes and the next assize.

In the application of this Part of this Schedule to a person who is not a high constable or collector of a barony or his deputy, the necessary modifications shall be made, and in particular the first half and the second half cf each calendar year shall be substituted for the “grand jury half-year.”

Part II.

Section 120 (< omitting subs. (8)) of the Local Government , 1988.

Section 113 (19).

120.—(1.) Every existing officer declared by this Act to be entitled to Compensation compensation, and every other existing officer, whether before mentioned to existing in this Act or not, who, by virtue of this Act or anything done in officers, pursuance of or in consequence of this Act, suffers any direct pecuniary loss by abolition of office or by diminution or loss of fees or salary, shall be entitled to have compensation paid to him for such pecuniary loss by the county council, to whom the powers of the authority, whose officer he was are transferred under this Act, regard being had to the conditions on which his appointment was made, to the nature of his office or employment, to the duration of his service, to any additional emoluments which he acquires by virtue of this Act, or of anything done in pursuance of or in consequence of this Act, and to the emoluments which he might have acquired if he had not refused to accept any office offered by any council or other body acting under this Act, and to all the other circumstances of the case, and the compensation shall not exceed the amount which, under the Acts and rules relating to Her Majesty's Civil Service, is paid to a person on abolition of office.

(2.) Every person who is entitled to compensation, as above mentioned, shall deliver to the county council a claim under his hand setting forth the whole amount received and expended by him or his predecessors in office, in every year during the period of five years next before the passing of this Act, on account of the emoluments for which he claims compensation,

Google

220

Ch. 37, 38. Local Government ( Ire1898. 61 & 62 Vict.

distinguishing the offices in respect of which the same have been received, 5 & 6 Will. 4. accompanied by a statutory declaration under the Statutory Declarations c. 62. Act, 1835, that the same is a true statement according to the best of his

knowledge, information, and belief.

(3.) Such statement shall be submitted to the county council, who shall forthwith take the same into consideration, and assess the just amount of compensation (if any), and shall forthwith inform the claimant of their decision.

(4.) If a claimant is aggrieved by the refusal of the county council to grant any compensation, or by the amount of compensation assessed, or if not less than one third of the members of such council subscribe a protest against the amount of the compensation as being excessive, the claimant or any subscriber to such protest (as the case may be), may, within three months after the decision of the council, appeal to the Treasuiy, who shall consider the case and determine whether any compensation, and if so, what amount, ought to be granted to the claimant, and such determination shall be final.

(5.) Any claimant under this section, if so required by any member of the county council, shall attend at a meeting of the council and answer upon oath, which any justice present may administer, all questions asked by any member of the council touching the matters set forth in his claim, and shall further produce all books, papers, and documents in his possession or under his control relating to such claim.

(6.) The sum payable as compensation to any person in pursuance of this section shall commence to be payable at the date fixed by the council on granting the compensation, or, in case of appeal, by the Treasury, and shall be a specialty debt due to him from the county council, and may be enforced accordingly in like manner as if the council had entered into a bond to pay the same.

(7.) If a person receiving compensation in pursuance of this section is appointed to any office under the same or any other county council, or by virtue of this Act, or anything done in pursuance of or in consequence of this Act, receives any increase of emoluments of the office held hy him, he shall not, while receiving the emoluments of that office, receive any greater amount of his compensation, if any, than,with the emoluments of the said office is equal to the emoluments for which compensation was granted to him, and if the emoluments of the office he holds are equal to or greater than the emoluments for which compensation was granted, his compensation shall be suspended while he holds such office.

CHAPTER 38.

An Act to enable Parish Councils to borrow Fire-engines.

[12th August 1898.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :

L—(1.) The power of a parish council under section twenty-nine of the Poor Law Amendment Act, 1867, or section forty-four of the Lighting and Watching Act, 1833, as respectively amended by ... TTiii .v scions six and seven of the Local Government Act, 1894, to m<&57w£c.'7s! provide a fire-engine for their parish shall include power to agree with the council of any neighbouring borough or district that any

Power of perish council ma to provision of nre-enjfine.

so k Si Vict.

c. 106.

S&4 Wm.4.0.90.

Google

1898.

Parish Fire-engines Act, 1898.

Ch. 38, 39.

221

fire-engines with their appurtenances and firemen provided by the council of that borough vr district shall be used for extinguishing fires in the parish.

(2.) Where a fire-engine is sent beyond the limits of a borough or district in pursuance of any such agreement, the owner of the lands or buildings where the fire occurred shall not by reason thereof be liable for any expense or chaige under section thirty-three of the Town Police Clauses Act, 1847.

2. This Act may be cited as the Parish Fire-engines Act, 1898.

CHAPTER 39.

An Act to amend the Vagrancy Act, 1824.

[12th August 1898.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :

1.—(1.) Every male person who—

(a) knowingly lives wholly or in part on the earnings of prostitution ; or ( b) in any public place persistently solicits or importunes for immoral purposes, shall be deemed a rogue and vagabond within the meaning of the Vagrancy Act, 1824, and may be dealt with accordingly.

(2.) If it is made to appear to a court of summary jurisdiction by information on oath that there is reason to suspect that any house or any part of a house is used by a female for purposes of prostitution, and that any male person residing in or frequenting the house is living wholly or in part on the earnings of the prostitute, the court may issue a warrant authorising any constable to enter and search the house and to arrest that male person.

(3.) Where a male person is proved to live with or to be habitually in the company of a prostitute and has no visible means of subsistence, he shall, unless he can satisfy the court to the contrary, be deemed to be knowingly living on the earnings of prostitution.

2.—(1.) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland.

(2.) This Act may be cited as the Vagrancy Act, 1898, and shall come into operation on the expiration of two months from the passing thereof.

<VWWA/vV»/'/v»A/v»-/u»/\.\/\ \/v/«yvy\/vwv/vvAA.

Google

10 * 11 Viot. c. 89.

Short title.

Persona trading in prostitution.

5 Geo. 4. e. 88.

Extent, short title, and commencement.

222

Ch. 40, 41. Circuit Clerks (Scotland) Act, 1898. 61 & 62 Vict.

Repeal of 50 & 51 Vict. c. 35. 8. 73, and of

52 & 58 Vict. c. 54. s. 10. Arrangement for clerks on circuit.

Provisions on vacation of office by circuit clerk of Justiciary.

Short title.

Amalgamation of directors of convict prisons with Prison Commissioners.

40 A 41 Vict. c. 21.

CHAPTER 40.

An Act to amend the Law regarding the Circuit Clerks of Justiciary in Scotland. [12th August 1898.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :

1. Section seventy-three of the Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1887, and section ten of the Clerks of Session (Scotland) Regulation Act, 1889, are hereby repealed.

2. The duties of clerk of the High Court of Justiciary when sitting elsewhere than in Edinburgh shall be performed by the existing circuit clerk of Justiciary, and by the first and second assistant clerks of Justiciary for the time being, on such terms (as regards the first and second assistant clerks of Justiciary) as shall be fixed by the Treasury.

3. When the existing circuit clerk of Justiciary vacates office, the vacancy thus occasioned shall not be filled up, and the duties of clerk referred to in the immediately preceding section shall be performed by the first and second assistant clerks of Justiciary for the time being : Provided always that it shall be in the power of the High Court of Justiciary on the application of the principal clerk of Justiciary to appoint a clerk or clerks to perform the said duties of clerk at any town or towns, whether circuit towns or not, when the business of the court requires such appointment to be made, and these duties shall be performed on such terms as shall be fixed by the Treasury.

4. This Act may be cited as the Circuit Clerks (Scotland) Act, 1898.

CHAPTER 41.

An Act to amend the Prisons Acts.

[12th August 1898.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :

1. The Prison Commissioners shall be by virtue of their office directors of convict prisons, and they shall be assisted in the performance of their duties as such by the inspectors and other officers appointed under section seven of the Prison Act, 1877.

X

Digitized by v^»ooQle

1898.

Pi'ison Ac, 1898.

Ch. 41.

223

2. —(1.) The Secretary of State may make rules (in this Act called prison rules) for the government of local prisons and convict prisons, and may thereby regulate, among other things,—

(a) any matter dealt with by the regulations in Schedule I. to the Prison Act, 1865 ; and

(5) any matter which under this Act may be regulated by prison rules.

(2.) Pules under this Act and the Prison Acts, 1865 to 1893, shall not be made until a draft thereof has lain before each House of Parliament for not less than thirty days during which that House is sitting, and if either House, before the expiration of that period, presents an address to Her Majesty against the draft or any part thereof, no further proceedings shall be taken thereon, but without prejudice to the making of any new draft rules.

(3.) The date at which any rules made under this Act and the Prison Acts, 1865 to 1893, come into force shall be notified in the London Gazette.

3. The Secretary of State shall appoint for every convict prison Boards of a board of visitors of whom not less than two shall be justices of risitow for the peace, with such powers and duties as may be prescribed by coimctPmon8* prison rules.

4. —(1.) The mode in which sentences of penal servitude or Hard labour, imprisonment with or without hard labour are to be earned out

in prisons may be regulated by prison rules.

(2.) In making such rules, regard shall be had to the sex, age, health, industry, and conduct of the prisoners.

5. —(1.) Prison rules shall not authorise the infliction of corporal Restrictions

punishment— on corporal

(a) except in the case of a prisoner under sentence of penal forprison1 servitude, or convicted of felony, or sentenced to hard offences, labour; nor

(6) except for mutiny or incitement to mutiny, or gross personal violence to an officer or servant of the prison; nor

(c) except by order of the board of visitors or visiting committee of the prison, after inquiry on oath held by them at a meeting specially summoned for the purpose, and consisting of not less than three persons, two of them being justices of the peace: Provided that the Secretary of State may, if he thinks fit, appoint a metropolitan police magistrate or stipendiary magistrate to take the place of the board or committee, and the magistrate shall in any such case have the same powers as the board or committee.

(2.) An order under this section shall not be carried into effect until it has been confirmed by the Secretary of State, to whom a copy of the notes of evidence and a report of the sentence and of the grounds on which it was passed shall forthwith be furnished.

Such report shall be embodied in the annual report of the Prisons Commissioners.

Prison rules.

28 & 29 Viet, c. 126.

/

Digitized by Google

224

Oa 41.

Prison Act, 1888.

61 & 62 Vicr.

Divisions of prisoners.

40 & 41 Viet.' c. 21.

Prison cells.

Remissions for industry and good conduct.

Release of prisoner on payment of portion of fine.

6. —(1.) Prisoners convicted of offences, either on indictment or otherwise, and not sentenced to penal servitude or hard labour, shall be divided into three divisions.

(2.) Where a person is convicted by any court of an offence, and is sentenced to imprisonment without hard labour, the court may, if it thinks fit, having regard to the nature of the offence and the antecedents of the offender, direct that he be treated as an offender of the first division or as an offender of the second division. If no direction is given by the court, the offender shall, subject to the provisions of this section, be treated as an offender of the third division.

(3.) Any person imprisoned for default in payment of a debt, including a civil debt recoverable summarily, or in default or in lieu of distress to satisfy a sum of money adjudged to be paid by order of a court of summary jurisdiction, when the imprisonment is to be without hard labour, shall be placed in a separate division and treated under special prison rules, and shall not be placed in association with criminal prisoners, nor be compelled to wear prison dress unless his own clothing is unfit for use.

(4.) Any person imprisoned for default of entering into a recognizance or finding sureties for keeping the peace, or for being of good behaviour, shall be treated under the same rules as an offender of the second division, unless he is a convicted prisoner, or unless the court direct that he be treated under the same rules as an offender of the first division.

I (5.) "References in sections forty and forty-one of the Prison Act, 1877, to a misdemeanant of the first division within the meaning of section sixty-seven of the Prison Act, 1865, shall be construed as references to an offender of the first division within the meaning of this section.

7. —(1.) It shall not be necessary to provide or appropriate punishment cells in any prison for the confinement of prisoners for prison offences, but in every prison special cells shall be provided for the temporary confinement of refractory or violent prisoners.

(2.) The Secretary of State shall satisfy himself from time to time that in every local and convict prison separate cell accommodation is provided for all prisoners, and a yearly return showing the accommodation of each prison and the daily average and highest number of prisoners confined therein during the year shall be given in the annual report of the Prison Commissioners.

8. Provision may be made by prison rules for enabling a prisoner sentenced to imprisonment, whether by one sentence or cumulative sentences for a period prescribed by the rules, to earn by special industry and good conduct a remission of a portion of his imprisonment, and on his discharge his sentence shall be deemed to have expired.

9. Where a person is committed to prison for non-payment of a sum adjudged to be paid by the conviction of any court of summary jurisdiction, then, on payment to the governor of the prison, under conditions prescribed by prison rules, of any

Digitized by booQle

1898.

Prison Act, 1898.

Ch. 41.

225

sum in part satisfaction of the sum so adjudged to be paid, and of any charges for which the prisoner is liable, the term of imprisonment shall be reduced' by a number of days bearing as nearly as possible the same proportion to the total number of days for which the prisoner is sentenced as the sum so paid bears to the sum for which he is sc liable.

Provision may be made by rules under section twenty-nine of the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879, for the application of 42 & 43 vict sums paid under this section and for any matter incidental thereto. c' 49,

10. Every prison officer while acting as such shall, by virtue of Powers of

his appointment, have all the powers, authorities, protection, and privileges of a constable. 0 cers‘

11. —(1.) A Secretary of State, on proof to his satisfaction that Order for the presence of any prisoner at any place is required in the interest production of justice, or for the purpose of any public inquiry, may by writing 0 under his hand order that the prisoner be taken to that place.

(2.) A prisoner taken from a prison in pursuance of an order made under this section, or of a warrant issued under section nine of the Criminal Procedure Act, 1853, shall, whilst outside that 16 & Viet, prison, be kept in such custody as the Secretary of State may by c' 80‘ general rules prescribe, and whilst in that custody shall be deemed to be in legal custody.

(3.) For the purposes of this section, the expression “ prisoner ” shall include any person lawfully confined under any sentence or under commitment for trial or otherwise, and the expression “ prison ” shall include any place in which any such person is lawfully confined.

12. —(1.) In any sentence of imprisonment passed after the Calculation commencement of this Act the word “ month ” shall, unless the of tcrm of contrary is expressed, be construed as meaning “ calendar month.” 8en ence'

(2.) A prisoner whose term of imprisonment or penal servitude expires on any Sunday, Christmas Day, or Good Friday, shall be discharged on the day next preceding.

13. So much of section eleven of the Prison Act, 1865, as Prison

prevents a prison chaplain from holding any benefice with cure of chaplains souls or any curacy is hereby repealed. c812699 W

14. —(1.) In this Act the expression “ local prison ” means any Definitions, prison to which the Prison Acts, 18C5 to 1893, apply.

(2.) For the purposes of the Prison Acts, 1865 to 1893, all officers of a prison shall be deemed to be subordinate officers, except the governor, the chaplain, the medical officer, the matron, and any minister appointed under the Prison Ministers Act, 1SC3. 26 & 27 Viet.

15. —(1.) The enactments mentioned in the schedule to this Repeal.

Act are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column

of that schedule as from the commencement of this Act.

(2.) Section sixty-seven and the requisition numbered five in section seventeen of the Prison Act, 1865, and Schedule I. to that Act shall be repealed as from the date at which the first rules made under this Act come into force.

P

Google

226

Ch. 41, 42.

Prison Ac, 1898.

61 & 62 Vict.

Extent, commencement, and short title.

47 A 48 Vict.

c. CO.

Short title.

16.—(1.) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland.

(2.) This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, provided that sections six and nine of this Act shall come into operation on the date at which the first rules made under this Act come into force.

(3.) This Act may be cited as the Prison Act, 1898, and may be cited with the Prison Acts, 1865 to 1893.

SCHEDULE. Enactments repealed.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. I  1 | Extent of Repeal.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 30. - The Criminal Procedure Act, 1853. In section nine, the words “ cne “ of Her Majesty's Principal “ Secretaries of State or.”

28 & 29 Vict. c. 126. The Prison Act, 1865. Section eleven, from “butthe chaplain ” to the end of the section.  In section seventeen, the requisitions numbered (1), (2), and (4).  Sections nineteen and forty-one.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 21. - The Prison Act, 1877. Sections thirty-seven and thirty-eight.  Section fifty-one, from “provided always” to the end of the section.

CHAPTER 42.

An Act to amend the Trusts (Scotland) AmendmeEt Act, 1884. [12tli August 1898.]

'TT7HEREAS it is expedient to amend the Trusts (Scotland) ▼ * Amendment Act, 1884:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :

1. This Act may be cited as the Trusts (Scotland) Act, 1898, and the Trusts (Scotland) Acts, 1861 to 1884, and this Act maybe cited as the Trusts (Scotland) Acts, 1861 to 1898.

Google

1898.

Trusts (Scotland) , 1898.

Cff. 42, 43.

227

2. In tliis Act the expressions “ trust ” and “ trustee ” have interpretation respectively the same meanings as are assigned thereto in the ofterms-Trusts (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1884, and the expressions “ local authority” and “rate” have respectively the meanings assigned

thereto by the Local Authorities Loans (Scotland) Act, 1891. 55 Viet.

3. In addition to the powers of investment conferred upon Powers of trustees by the third section of the Trusts (Scotland) Amendment ,nv*8tment-Act, 1884, trustees under any trust may, unless specially prohibited by the constitution or terms of the trust, invest the trust

funds—

(a) in the purchase of redeemable stock issued, under the Local Authorities Loans (Scotland) Acts, by any local authority in Scotland;

(b) in loans on bonds, debentures, or mortgages secured on any rate or tax levied under the authority of any Act of Parliament by any local authority in Scotland authorised to borrow money on such security.

4. Nothing herein contained shall be construed as authorising Restriction, or permitting a local authority to invest in any securities of such

local authority any money required by the Local Authorities Loans (Scotland) Acts or by statutory sinking fund regulations in force for the time being to be invested.

CHAPTER 43.

An Act to amend the Metropolitan Commons Acts.

[12tli August 1898.]

EE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :

1. Where the whole or any part of a metropolitan common is Local authority situate within a municipal borough, and no part of such common is situate within the county of London, the local authority in mon within relation to such common for the purposes of the Metropolitan municipal Commons Acts, 1866 to 1878, shall be the council of such borough, ^orongh. and all expenditure incurred by the council under the said Acts shall be defrayed out of the borough fund.

2. This Act shall be read as one with the Metropolitan Commons Interpretation. Acts, 1866 to 1878, and the First Schedule of the Metropolitan Commons Act, 1866, shall be read as modified by this Act.

3. This Act may be cited as the Metropolitan Commons Act, Short title. 1898, and may be cited with the Metropolitan Commons Acts,

1866 to 1878.

P 2

228

Ch. 44.

Abolition of Mercantile Marine Fund and constitution of General Lighthouse Fund.

57 & 58 Viet, c. 60.

Transfer of certain light does and charges to General Lighthouse Fund.

Merchant Shipping ( Mercanti Cl & 62 Vict. Marine Fund) Act, 1898.

CHAPTER 44.

An Act to amend the Law with regard to the provision for the payment of certain Expenses under the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894?, and with regard to the levying of Light Dues. [12t.li August 1898.]

BE it enacted by the Queens most Excellent Majesty, by anti with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :

1.—(1.) As from the commencement of this Act—

(a.) All sums accounted for and paid to the Mercantile Marine Fund, except the light dues or other sums mentioned in paragraph (i) of section six hundred and seventy-six of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, shall be paid into the Exchequer:

( h.) All expenses charged on and payable out of the Mercantile Marine Fund, except the expenses relating to lighthouses, buoys, and beacons mentioned in paragraph (i) of section six hundred and seventy-seven of the same Act, and except also any expenses incurred by a general lighthouse authority under section five hundred and thirty-one of the same Act, shall, so far as they are not paid by any private person, be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament:

(c.) The said excepted sums shall be accounted for and paid to, and the said excepted expenses shall be charged on and payable out of, a fund which shall be called the General Lighthouse Fund, and references in Part XI. and in sections five hundred and thirty-one and six hundred and seventy-nine of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, to the Mercantile Marine Fund shall be construed as references to the General Lighthouse Fund.

(2.) The General Lighthouse Fund shall be applied to the payment of the expenses by this Act charged thereon, and to no other purpose whatever.

(3.) The amount standing at the commencement of this Act to the credit of the Mercantile Marine Fund shall be carried to the credit of the General Lighthouse Fund, and the liabilities of the Mercantile Marine Fund existing at the commencement of this Act shall be discharged out of the General Lighthouse Fund.

2.—(1.) All colonial light dues shall, after the commencement of this Act, be carried to the General Lighthouse Fund, subject to the prior payment thereout of any sums payable on account of money secured on those dues at the commencement of this Act in accordance with the conditions on which the money is secured.

(2.) All sums which, at the commencement of this Act, are standing to the credit of the accounts kept by the Board of Trade

Digitized by boogie

1898.

Merchant Shipping {Mercantile Marine Fund) Act, 1898.

Ch. 44.

229

with respect to colonial light dues (including any sum standing to the credit of the Basses Lights Fund), shall be transferred and paid to the General Lighthouse Fund, but shall remain subject to any existing charges thereon.

(3T) All expenses incurred in constructing or maintaining any colonial lights, and the contributions made by Her Majesty's Government in respect of the lighthouse on Cape Spar tel, Morocco, shall, after the commencement of this Act, be paid out of the General Lighthouse Fund.

(4.) Sections six hundred and sixty-one, six hundred and sixty -two, and six hundred and sixty-three of the Merchant Shipping Act, 57 & 58 Viet. 1894, (which relate to the advance and borrowing of money for the c- 60, purpose of the construction and repair of lighthouses) shall apply in the case of colonial lights as they apply in the case of other lighthouses, buoys, or beacons.

(5.) All expenses incurred after the commencement of this Act by the Board of Trade or any of the general lighthouse authorities in making and maintaining communication between lighthouses and the shore shall be paid out of the General Lighthouse Fund.

Provided that such communication shall be available for private messages at reasonable charges, so far as may be compatible with the efficiency and safety of the lighthouse service, and all sums received in respect thereof shall be paid to the General Lighthouse Fund.

3. Such fees shall be paid in respect of the registration, Fees for transfer (including transmission), and mortgage of British ships as

the Board of Trade, with the consent of the Treasury, determine, o^shipi! c* not exceeding those specified in the First Schedule to this Act, and all such fees shall be paid into the Exchequer. Provided that fees shall not be payable under this section in respect of vessels solely employed in fishing or sailing ships of under one hundred tons.

4. Section one hundred and ninety-three of the Merchant Power to Shipping Act, 1894 (which relates to the recovery of expenses recover incurred on account of distressed seamen), shall extend to expenses SJjEJJdon incurred under that Act on account of any distressed seamen within account of the meaning of that Act, except where it is certified in pursuance of distressed section one hundred and eighty-eight of the Act, that the cause 8eamen* of a seaman being left behind is desertion or disappearance, and paragraphs (a) and ( h)in sub-section one of the said section one hundred and ninety-three shall be repealed.

5. —(1.) On and after the commencement of this Act the general Scale of lighthouse authorities shall levy light dues with respect to the dues* voyages made by ships or by way of periodical payment, and not

with respect to the lights which a ship passes or from which it derives benefit, and the dues so levied shall take the place of the dues now levied by those authorities.

(2.) The scale and rules set out in the Second Schedule to this Act shall have effect for the purpose of the levying of light dues in

Digitized by v^ooQle

230 Ch. 44. Merchant Shipping (.61 & 62 Vicr.

Marine Fund) Act> 1898.

pursuance of this Act, but Her Majesty may, by Order in Council, alter, either generally or with respect to particular classes of cases, the scale or rules and the exemptions therefrom.

(3.) Before any Order in Council is made under this section, the draft thereof shall be laid before each House of Parliament for not less than thirty days on which that House is sitting, and if either House, before the expiration of the thirty days during which the draft has been laid before it, presents an address to Her Majesty against the draft, or any part thereof, no further proceedings shall be taken thereon, but this shall be without prejudice to the making of any new draft Order.

Allowance in respect of British boy sailors available for the Royal Naval Reserve.

6. On proof to the satisfaction of the Board of Trade that a British ship has during any financial year carried, in accordance with the scale and regulations to be made by the Board of Trade, with the concurrence of the Treasury, boys between the ages of fifteen and nineteen, there shall be paid to the owner of the ship, out of moneys provided by Parliament, an allowance not exceeding one-fifth of the light due3 paid during that year in respect of that ship. Provided that no such payment shall be made in respect of any boy unless he has enrolled himself in the Royal Naval Reserve, and entered into an obligation to present himself for service when called upon, in accordance with rules to be issued by the Admiralty. The scale and regulations aforesaid may be modified from time to time by the Board of Trade with the concurrence of the Treasury.

This section shall continue in force until the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and five, and no longer, unless Parliament otherwise enact.

Definitions.

50 & 51 Viet, c. 37.

57 & 58 Viet, c. 60.

7. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires—

The expression “colonial lights” means any lighthouses, buoys, or beacons on or near the coast of a British possession and maintained by the Board of Trade out of moneys provided by Parliament or out of colonial light dues, and includes the lighthouses mentioned in the Third Schedule to this Act.

The expression “ Basses Lights Fund ” means the fund referred to in section five of the Public Works Loans Act, 1887, formed by the dues levied in respect of the Basses lights.

Other expressions have the same meaning as in the M eichant Shipping Act, 1894.

Repeal. 8. The enactments mentioned in the Fourth Schedule to this .Act

are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that schedule.

9.—(1.) This Act may be cited as the Merchant Shipping (Mercantile Marine Fund) Act, 1898.

(2.) This Act shall be construed as one with the Merchant ho a of Viet, c.' .to! Shipping Act, 1894, and that Act and the Merchant Shipping Act, 60 & 6i vict.c.6i. 1897, the Merchant Shipping (Exemption from Pilotage) Act, 1897,

Short title, constructs n, and commencement.

Digitized by LjOOQ ie

1898. Merchant Skipping ( Ch. 44.

Marine Fund) Act, 1898.

and tins Act may be cited together as the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1894 to 1898.

(3.) This Act shall come into operation on the first day of April, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Table of Maximum Fees to be paid on the Registration, Transfer, and Mortgage of Ships.

1.—Reg 1 STB ATION.

1. On Initial Registry.

Vessels under 50 tons gross „ 50 to 100 „

,, 100 to 200 „

£

1 0 1 10 2 0

with 10$. for every additional 100 tons, or fraction of a 100.

d.

0

0

0

2.—Transfer and Mortgage.

2. On Transfer, Transmission, Registry Anew, Transfer of Registry, Mortgage, and Transfer of Mortgage.

According to the gross tonnage represented by the ships or shares of ships transferred, Ac. (e.g., the transfer of a ^ share in a ship of 6,400 tons to be reckoned as the transfer of 100 tons).

Under 10 tons

10 tons and under 20 tans

20

30

40

50

75

100

30

40

50

75

100

125

£

0

0

0

0

0

s.

2

5

7

10

12

0 15

0 17

1 0

d.

6

0

6

0

6

0

6

0

and a fuitber fee of 2$. G d.for every additional 50 tons, or part of 50 tons,, up to 500 tons, after which 2s. 6d. for every 100 tons, or part of 100 tons.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Light Dues.

Scale of Payments.

1. One penny per ton per voyage for home-trade sailing ships.

2. Twopence farthing per ton per voyage for foreign-going sailing ships.

3. One penny halfpenny per ton per voyage for home-trade steamers.

4. Twopence three farthings per ton per voyage for foreign-going steamers.

5. An annual payment in the place of payments per voyage of one shilling per ton for tugs and pleasure yachts.

231%

Digitized by v^oooLe

£32

Ch. 44.

Merchant Shipping {Mercantile 61 & 62 Vict. Marine Fund) Act, 1898.

Buies.

(1.) A ship shall not in any year be required to make payments on account of light dues—

(a) if the ship is a home-trade ship, for more than ten voyages; and

(b) if the ship is a foreign-going ship, for more than six voyages; and

(c) if the ship makes voyages during the year both as a home-trade and as a foreign-going ship, for more than ten voyages, counting each voyage made as a foreign-going ship as a voyage and a half.

Provided that no steamer shall be required to pay more than one shilling and fourpence halfpenny per ton, and that no sailing vessel shall be required to pay more than one shilling and a penny halfpenny per ton in any year.

(2.) A ship shall not pay dues both as a home-trade ship and as a foreign-going ship for the same voyage, but a ship trading from a port outside home-trade limits, and discharging cargo or landing passengers or mails at any port within home-trade limits, shall be deemed to be on one voyage as a foreign-going ship, until she has arrived at the last port of discharge of cargo or passengers brought from beyond home-trade limits; and a ship trading to a port outside home-trade limits, and loading cargo or receiving passengers or mails at any port within home-trade limits, shall be deemed to be on one voyage as a foreign-going ship from the time she starts from the first port of loading of cargo or passengers destined for a port beyond home-trade limits.

(3.) The voyage of a home*trade ship shall be reckoned from port to port, but a home-trade ship shall not be required to pay dues for more than three voyages in one month.

(4.) The voyage of a foreign-going ship trading outwards shall be reckoned from the first port of lading in the United Kingdom or the Isle of Man of cargo destined for a port outside home-trade limits.

(5.) The voyage of a foreign-going ship trading inwards shall be reckoned from her last port of lading outside home-trade limits to the last port in the United Kingdom or the Isle of Man at which any cargo laden outside those limits is discharged.

(6.) Dues payable per voyage under this Act shall be payable and collected only at ports where a ship loads or discharges carg > or passengers or mails.

(7.) The annual payments shall be payable at the commencement of the year in respect of which they are made, provided that a new vessel shall pay only one penny per ton for each month after the commencement of her first voyage till the first of April following.

(8.) For the purposes of these rules—

(a.) A ship's tonnage shall be reckoned as under the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, for dues payable on a ship's tonnage, with the addition required in section eighty-five of that Act with respect to deck cargo, or in the case of an unregistered vessel in accordance with the Thames measurement adopted by Lloyd's Register.

(6.) A year shall be reckoned from the day of the month on which this Act commences.

Digitized by L-OOQle

1898.

Merchant Shipping

Marine Fund) ,1898.

Cu. 44.

233

Exemptions,

There shall be exempted from dues under this schedule :

Her Majesty's ships;

Ships belonging to foreign Governments;

Sailing ships (not being pleasure yachts) of less than one hundred tons, and all ships (not being pleasure yachts) of less than twenty tons;

Vessels (other than tugs or pleasure yachts) when navigated wholly and bona fide in ballast, on which no freight is earned and without any passenger;

Ships putting in for bunker coal, stores, or provisions for their own use on board;

Vessels for the time being employed in sea fishing or in sea fishing service, exclusive of vessels used for catching fish otherwise than for profit.

Ships putting in from stress of weather, or for the porpose of repairing, or because of damage, provided they do not discharge or • load cargo other than cargo discharged with a view to such repairs, and afterwards re-shipped.

Yachts and pleasure boats of under five ton registered shipping tonnage.

I.—Lighthouses maintained by the Board of Trade out of Money voted by Parliament.

Ttahamas. 11 Lighthouses as follows:—

Gun Cay.

Abaco.

Cay Sal.

Great Isaacs.

Cay Lobos.

Elbow Cay.

Great Stirrup Cay. Castle Island. Inagua.

Bird Rock. Watling Island.

On Sombrero, one of the Leeward Islands.

Cape Pembroke, Falkland Islands.

II.—Lighthouses maintained by the Board of Trade out of Colonial Light Dues levied under the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894.

„ , and Maidive Islands.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Google

234

Ch. 44, 43. Merchant Shipping ( Cl & 62 Vict.

Marine Fund) 1898.

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Enactments repealed.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 55. { The Basses Lights I Act, 1872. The whole Act.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 38. The Public Works Loans Act, 1881. ' Section ten.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 37. The Public Works Loans Act, 1887. Section five.

57 & 58 Vict. c. 60. The Merchant Ship-pin g Act, 1894. Section one hundred and ninety-three, j the word “ such ” where it first ocours, and from “ as follows;

namely ” to “ citizen of a foreign country,” inclusive.

Section one hundred and ninety-four.

| Section six hundred and forty-three, to the words “ and those,” j inclusive.

| Sections six hundred and forty-four, j six hundred and forty-five, six hundred and forty-six, six hundred and seventy-three, and six hundred and seventy-eight.

, CHAPTER 45.

An Act to amend Section Sixty-nine of the Metropolitan Poor Act, 1867, as to the Expenses payable out of the Metropolitan Common Poor Pund.

[12th August 1898.]

X>E it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Amendment of 30 & 31 Vict. c. 6. s. 69, as to expenses payable oat of metropolitan eommon poor fund.

1.—(1.) Any institution for the maintenance of pauper children which would otherwise come within sub-section eight of section sixty-nine of the Metropolitan Poor Act, 1867, shall not be deemed to be or to have been excluded therefrom by reason only of the children being educated at a public elementary school or elsewhere outside the institution.

(2.) If on any day the number of pauper children maintained in any district or separate school exceeds the number certified by the

Digitized by UjOOQle

1898.

Metropolitan Poor Act, 1898.

Ch. 45, 46.

235

Local Government Board as the maximum number of children to be maintained in that school, no repayment shall be made from the metropolitan common poor fund in respect of the maintenance during that day of the children so in excess. Where children are received in any such school from more than one poor law union, so much of the cost of their maintenance as is not repaid from that fund shall be borne in such manner as the Local Government Board may by order direct.

2. This Act may be cited as the Metropolitan Poor Act, 1898. Short title*

WWW»/'»*WWVAyVWV>/'»#\/ *7 U v/\/VV*/VVWV

CHAPTER 46.

An Act for amending the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue and for other purposes connected with Finance. [16th August 1898.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

PART I.—Customs.

1. There shall be added to the table of prohibitions and Prohibitions restrictions contained in section forty-two of the Customs Act, the ^sre6tnc" following, that is to say :—

(i.) Fictitious stamps, as defined for the purposes of section seven

of the Post Office (Protection) Act, 1884, and any die, plate, 47 & 48 vict< instrument, or materials for making any such stamps; ^

(ii.) Any advertisement or other notice of, or relating to, the drawing or intended drawing of any lottery, which, in the opinion of the Commissioners of Customs, is imported for the purpose of publication in the United Kingdom, in contravention of the Lotteries Act, 1836, or any other Act relating 6 & 7 Will. ♦. to foreign lotteries. c- 66-

2.—(1.) The report required by section fifty of the Customs Report of Act from the roaster of a ship arriving from parts beyond the seas 8hiP-may, subject to and in accordance with regulations by the Commissioners of Customs, be made by such one of the responsible officers of the ship as the master appoints in writing, and, if it is so made, the provisions of the Customs Act shall apply as if it had been made by the master.

(2.) If, for facilitating the discharge of the cargo, the Commissioners of Customs allow an interim report to be made elsewhere than at the Custom house of the port, the report shall not be deemed to be the report of the ship and cargo until it is numbered by the proper officer at the Custom house.

3. The requirement in section forty-nine of the Customs Act Amendment of of an account of bullion or coin shall, if so directed by the jj9g* 40 Commissioners of Customs, apply to diamonds; and all accounts to bullion/

or coin.

Digitized by CjOOQle

236

Ch. 46.

Revenue Act, 1898.

61 & 62 Vjct.

Extension of provisions as to specifications of free goods to stores and to newly built ships.

52 & 53 Viet, c. 42.

44 & 45 Viet, c. 12.

Bonded goods. 44 & 45 Viet, c. 12.

Interpretation and extent of Part I.

39 & 40 Viet, c. 36.

Amendments

of

54 & 55 Viet, c. 38.

47 & 48 Viet. «. 76.

under that section shall be rendered within seventy-two hours of the landing of the goods, instead of within ten days, as in that section mentioned.

4. —(1.) Section three of the Revenue Act, 1889 (which relates to ships touching at a port for the purpose of taking in coals or fuel for use), shall have effect as if stores were referred to there:n as well as coals and fuel.

(2.) For the purposes of section eleven of the Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1881 (which relates to the delivery of a specification of goods), a ship built in the United Kingdom, and not registered as a British ship when she departs on her fir*t v°3'age, shall be treated both as goods and as an exporting ship within the meaning of that section, and the builder or owner of the ship shall be treated as the exporter so far as the ship is treated as goods.

5. In section eighteen of the Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1881, after the words “ allowances thereon ” shall be inserted the words “ and as to the treatment thereof in warehouse.”

6. —(1.) In this Part of this Act, the expression “ Customs Act” means the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876.

(2.) This Part of this Act shall extend to the whole of the British Islands, but not to any other part of Her Majesty's dominions.

PART II.—Stamps.

7.—(I.) Sub-section (3) of section fifty-three of the Stamp Act, 1891 (which relates to the exclusion of claims for brokerage and other charges in certain cases), shall apply where a person required to make, execute, and transmit a contract note fails to do so, in the same manner as if he had made, executed, and transmitted a contract note not duly stamped.

(2.) Any document referring to any Act or enactment repealed by the Stamp Act, 1891, shall unless the context otherwise requires be construed to refer to that Act or the corresponding enactment in that Act.

(3.) The words “ or offered for subscription,” in the paragraph numbered one under the head “ M:irk stable Security ” in the First Schedule to the Stamp Act, 1891, are hereby repealed.

(4.) The expression “instrument” in section nine of the Stamp Act, 1891, includes any postal packet within the meaning of the Post Office Protection Act, 1884, and sub-section two of the said section is hereby repealed.

(5.) Any fine incurred under section nine of the Stamp Act, 1891, may be recovered summarily, subject to the like right of appeal as in the case of any fine under any Act relating to the excise.

(6.) Section twenty-four of the Stamp Duties Management Act, 1891, i3 hereby declared to apply to affidavits and oaths as well as to statutory declarations.

Google

1898.

Revenue Act, 1898.

Ch. 46.

237

8. The following exemptions shall be added to the First Schedule Additional of the Stomp Act, 1891, under the head “ Receipts given for, or **e™P^*

“ upon the payment of, money amounting to two pounds or duty on P “ upwards ” :— receipts.

“ (14.) Receipt given by an officer of a county court for money received by him from a party to any proceeding in the court.

“ (15.) Receipt given by or on behalf of a clerk to justices or a magistrate, for money received in respect of a fine.”

9. The fees to be collected under the Courts of Law Fees Recovery of (Scotland) Act, 1868, and the Public Offices Fees Act, 1879, shall

be a debt due to the Crown and shall be recoverable in such 3 55 3 lct‘ manner and by such persons as the Treasury may direct, and if so 42 & 43 Viet, directed as part of the Inland Revenue. c-58-

10. —(1.) Whenever the Commissioners of Inland Revenue give Amendment of public notice in the London, Edinburgh, and Dublin Gazettes that 54 & 55 vict* the use of any die, as defined by the Stamp Duties Management c* 38' 8‘ 22‘ Act, 1891, has been discontinued, then, whether a new die has

been provided or not, from and after any day to be stated in the notice (that day not being within one month after the notice is so published), that die shall not be a lawful die for denoting the payment of duty, and every instrument first executed by any person, or bearing date, after the day so stated in the notice, and stamped with duty denoted by the discontinued die, shall be deemed to be not duly stamped.

(2.) The provisoes to section twenty-two of the Stamp Duties Management Act, 1891, shall apply, subject to the necessary modifications, where a notice is published under this section in the same manner as they apply where a notice is published under that section. *

(3.) The expression " instrument ” in this section and in section twenty-two of the Stamp Duties Management Act, 1891, includes any postal packet as defined by the Post Office Protection Act, 47 * 48 Vi«t. 1884, and the execution of an instrument shall for the purposes of c‘ this section include the posting of a postal packet.

11. If any person who is a maker or seller of any article Forfeiture of chargeable with any duty required to be denoted by a stamp provided by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue receives or has 3 pereon§°n in his possession any stamp or portion of a stamp so provided who can use which has been previously used for denoting any such duty, that ,Qem agajn* stamp or portion of a stamp shall be forfeited.

12. Sections fourteen, fifteen, and sixteen of the Stamp Duties Extension of

Management Act, 1891 (which relate to frauds in connexion with of

the manufacture of paper), shall extend to paper used for excise 54 & 55 Vict. licences, in like manner as if it were paper provided by the c. 38. to Commissioners of Inland Revenue for receiving the impression

of a die. licences.

Digitized by CjOOQie

238

Ch. 46.

Revenue Act, 1898.

61 & 62 Ticrr

Amendment of 54 & 55 Viet. c. 39.

83. 9, 10, & 12, ns to time of makiDg applications.

Amendment of 43 & 44 Viet, c. 24.

52 & 53 Viet 8. 42.

Amendment of law as to excise entries and traders.

13. In the provisions of sections nine, ten, and twelve of the Stamp Duties Management Act, 1891, which deal with the periods within which applications under those sections must be made, the words “ two years ” shall be substituted for “ six months.*'

PART III.—Excise.

14.—(1.) Where a person carries on upon one set of premises the business of a rectifier of spirits, and also the business of a dealer in spirits, all spirits in his possession shall for the purpose of the account thereof and the penalties consequent on any excess or deficiency found in the account under the Spirits Act, 1889, be deemed to be spirits in his stock as a rectifier.

(2.) Sub-section four of section one hundred and twenty-four of the Spirits Act, 1880 (which relates to the supply of spirits by an authorised methylator), shall apply in the case of a person licensed as a retailer of methylated spirits in the same manner as it applies in the case of a person authorised to receive methylated spirits.

(3.) Section , one hundred and thirty of the Spirits Act, 1880 (which relates to the use of methylated spirits for beverages and certain medicines), shall apply as if the words “or methylic alcohol” were inserted after the words “methylated spirits” wherever the latter words occur.

(4.) In section one hundred and forty of the Spirits Act, 1880 (which relates to the search for illicit manufacture of spirits), the expression “ officer ” shall include any officer of the peace.

(5.) The following provision shall be substituted for sub-section two of section thirty-two of the Spirits Act, 1880, as amended by section twent}T-five of the Revenue Act, 1889:—

The quantity of yeast removed from, or the quantity of yeast and sediment left in, the fermenting backs, whethqr computed separately or together, must not exceed fifteen per cent, of the wort brewed in the brewing period, and must not exceed in any one back twenty per cent, of the wort or wash in the back.

Sub-section two of section thirty-two of the Spirits Act, 1880, and the paragraph marked (a) of section twenty-five of the Revenue Act, 1889, are hereby repealed.

(6.) This section shall be construed together with the Spirits Act, 1880.

15.—(1.) If the Commissioners of Inland Revenue at any time require a new entry to be made in any case, they shall cause a written notice, addressed to the person who signed the existing entry, to be delivered at the entered premises, and at the expiration of fourteen days from the delivery of the notice the existing entry shall, without prejudice to any liability incurred, be void.

(2.) Where any trade or business in respect of which entry is required to be made by any Act relating to excise is carried on by a corporation, the entry shall be under the seal of the corporation, and signed by the chairman or some director of the corporation, or by its secretaiy or other principal officer.

Google

1808.

Revenue A, 1898.

Ch. 46.

23.9

(3.) Any person signing such an entry, and also the corporation under whose seal the entry is made, shall be liable to all duties of excise charged, and to all fines, penalties, and forfeitures incurred, in respect of the trade or business to which the entry relates.

(4.) Where a trade or business, for the carrying on of which an excise licence or entry is required, is carried on without licence or entry by a corporation, the corporation, and also the directors or members of the governing body of the corporation, by whatever name called, or any of them, shall be liable to all fines and penalties imposed in relation to the trade or business so carried on by any enactment relating to excise.

(5.) Section six of the Excie Management Act, 1841, is hereby & 5 Viet, repealed. c- 20.

16. —(1.) The note and fee required to be delivered and paid in Provision an pursuance of section ten of the Licensing (Ireland) Act, 1833, as ^en^®ran<l amended by section 15 of the Licensing Act (Ireland), 1874, 3 & 4 ^ 4> by every person who obtains a licence for the sale of intoxicating c. 68. liquor by retail in any house in Ireland, shall, if the house is 37g* 38 ',cL situate in a county or borough where the offices of the clerk of

the Crown and clerk of the peace have been united, be delivered and paid to the officer of inland revenue authorise! to grant the licence immediately upon the grant of the licence, and the note shall be by him transmitted to the clerk of the Crown and peace

(2.) The provisions of section ten of the Licensing (Ireland) Act,

1833, imposing a penalty for the failure to deliver a note in conformity with that section, shall extend to the failure to deliver a note in conformity with this section, and that penalty may be recovered as an excise penalty.

17. The Acts mentioned in the schedule to this Act are hereby Repeal of repealed as regards England to the extent specified in the third certam

i o o * excise

column of that schedule, the parts repealed having relation to enactment* certain proceedings for recovery of excise penalties before justices as to summary and on appeals to quarter sessions, and being made unnecessary by proceeding*, the Summary Jurisdiction Acts.

PART IV.—Miscellaneous.

18. —(1.) The certificate required by section twenty-four of the Amendment

Government Annuities Act, 1829, may be given by any person °* Geo. 4.

prescribed in that behalf by a warrant cf the Treasury. c 8'

(2.) If any such certificate is false, the person giving it shall, if he acted wilfully, be guilty of a misdemeanor, and if he acted negligently, be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

19. Section two of the National Debt Act, 1889 (giving power Repeal of

to exchange two and three-quarters per cent, stock), is hereby ®26&85|v,ct' repealed.

20. This Act may be cited as the Revenue Act, 1898.

Digitized by Google

Short title.

240

Cn. 4 6, 47.

Revenue Act, 1898.

01 & 62 Vicr.

Continuance of Acts in schedule.

SCHEDULE.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. e3. The Excise Management Act, 1827. Section sixty-seven from “ and that all powers” to the end of the section. In section eighty-two the word “ next ” before “ General Quarter Sessions ” from “or if there be not one week ”, to “ of one week ”, and from “ and if upon ” to the end of the section. Section eighty-three from the first 4‘ no such appeal ” to “ mitigated ; or ”. In section eighty-four the words “ hereinbefore by this Act,” in section eighty-five the words “ as hereinafter mentioned ”, and sections eighty-six to ninety-two.

4 & 5 Will. 4.  c. 51. The Excise Management Act, 1S34. Section nineteen to ‘‘provided also that ” and the words ** notice and” wherever they occur, and section twenty-three to “ such judgment; and ” and from “and it shall” to the end of the section.

4 & 5 Viet. ! c. 20. The Excise Management Act, 1841. Section thirty.

32 & 33 Viet, c. 14. The Revenue Act, 1869. Scotion thirty-two from “ and every ” to “ by this Act.”

CHAPTER 47.

An Act to continue various Expiring Laws.

[12th August 1898.]

WHEREAS the Acts mentioned in Part I. of the schedule to this Act are, in so far as they are in force and are temporary in their duration, limited to expire on the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight:

And whereas the Act mentioned in Part II. of the schedule to this Act is, to the extent aforesaid, limited to expire on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine: And whereas it is expedient to provide for the continuance as in this Act mentioned of those Acts, and of the enactments'amending or affecting the same :

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :

1.—(1.) The Acts mentioned in Part I. of the schedule to this Act shall, to the extent specified in column three of that schedule.

Google

1808.

Expiring Laus Continuance Act, 1898.

Ch. 47.

241

be continued until the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, and shall then expire, unless further continued.

Provided that the County Cess (Ireland) Ac1-, 1848, shall be il&l2Vict. continued only until the date at which the repeal thereof by the c*32*

Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1898, takes effect. 3162 Vlcl*

(2.) The Act mentioned in Part II. of the schedule to this Act c* shall, to the extent specified in column three of that schedule, be continued until the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred, and shall then expire, unless further continued.

(3.) Any unrepealed enactments amending or affecting the enactments continued by this Act shall, in so far as they are temporary in their duration, be continued in like manner, whether they are mentioned in the schelule to this Act or n jt.

2. This Act may be citod as the Expiring Laws Continuance Short titles Act, 1898.

SCHEDULE.

Part I.

1.  Session and Chapter. 2.  Short Title. 3.  How far continued. 4.  Amending Acts.

(1) 1  i

5 ft 6 Will. 4. 1 The Linen Manufactures The whole Act. 8 & 4 Viet. c. 91.

c. 27. (Ireland) Act, 1335.  5 A 6 Viet. c. 68.  7 & 8 Viet. c. 47.  30 8c 31 V'Ct. c. 60..

(2)

8 & 4 Viet. c. 89. The Poor Rate Exemption Act, 1840. The whole Act.

(3.)

4 & 5 Viet. c. SO. (4.) The Ordnance Survey Act, 1841. The whole Act. 83 Viet c. 13.  47 8c 49 Viet. c. 48k. 52 & 53 Viet c. 30,

10 & 11 Viet. The Ecclesiastical Juris- As to the pro- —

c. 98.  C5.) diction Act, 1847. visions continued by 21 8c 22 Viet.  c. 50.

11 & 12 Viet, c. 32. The County Cess (Ireland) Act, 1848. Tt c a hole Act. 20 8c 21 Viet. c. T.

(6.)

14 & IS Viet. The Episcopal and Capi- The whole Act. j 17 & 18 Viet. c. 116.

c. 104. tular Estates Act, 1851. 1 21 & 22 Viet c. 94.  22 8c 23 Viet. c. 46.  23 & 24 Viet. c. 124. 81 8c32 Viet. c. 114.  s. 10.

(7.)

17 & 18 Viet. The Corrupt Practices So much as is 26 & 27 Viet. c. 29.

c. 102. Prevention Act, 1854. continued by the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. s. 6.  81 &32 Viet. c. 125. 46 & 47 Viet. c. 51.

Digitized by Google

242

Ch. 47. Expiring Laws Continuance ,1898. 61 & 62 Vict.

i.

Session and Chapter.

(8.)

28 3c 24 Vict. c. 19.

(9.)

24 8c 25 Viot.

c. Iu9.

(10.)

26 8c 27 Vict. c. 105.

(11.)

27 3c 28 Vict. c. 20.

(12.)

28 8c 29 Vict. c. 46.

(13.)

28 Sc 29 Vict. c. 88.

(14.)

29 & 80 Vict.

c. 52.

(15.)

81 & 82 Vict

c. 125.

(16.)

82 & 33 Vict. c. 21.

(17.)

83 Sc 34 Vict c. 112.

(18.)

34 8c 35 Vict. c. 87.

(19.)

35 & 36 Vict c. 33.

(20.)

38 & 39 Vict c. 84.

(21.)

39 & 40 Vict. c. 21.

(22.)

41 8c 42 Vict C. 41.

2. 8. 4.

Short Title. How far continued. Amending Acta.

The Labourers (Ireland) Act I860. The whole Act. —

The Salmon Fishery Act 1661. As to the appointment of inspectors, a. 31. 49 3c 50 Vict c. 39. s.3.  55 8c 56 Viet c. 50.

The Promissory Notes Act 1863. The whole Act. 45 8c 46 Vict c. 61.

The Promissory Notes (Ireland) Act, 1864. The whole Act. 1

The Militia (Ballot Suspension) Act, 1865. The whole Act. 45 8b 46 Vict. c. 49.

The Locomotives Act, 1865. The whole Act. 41 & 42 Vict c. 55. 41 & 42 Vict. c. 77.  (Part II.)  59 & 60 Vict c. 36.

The Prosecutions Expenses Act, 1866. The whole Act —

The Parliamentary Elections Act 18C8. So much as is continued by the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act 1883. 42 8c 43 Vict. c. 75. 46 8c 47 Vict c. 51.

The Corrupt Practices ■ Commission Expenses Act 1869. The whole Act. 34 8c 35 Vict c. 61.

The Glebe Loan (Ireland) Act, 1870. The whole Act. 34 & 35 Vict. c. 100. 49 Vict. c. 6.

The Sunday Observation Prosecution Act 1871. The whole Act —

The Ballot Act, 1872 The whole Act 45 8c 46 Vict c. 50. (Municipal Elections).

The Parliamentary Elections (Returning Officers) Act, 1875. The whole Act. 46 3c 47 Vict c. 51. s 32.  48 8c49 Vict c. 62.  49 3c 50 Vict. c. 57.

The Jurors Qualification (Ireland) Act, 1876. The whole Act. 57 3c 58 Vict. c. 49.

The Parliamentary Elections, Returning Officers Expenses (Scotland) Act, 1878. The whole Act. 48 3c 49 Vict c. 61 1 49 3c 50 Vict c. 58. 54 3c 55 Vict c. 49.

Google

1898,

Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1898,

Oh. 47.

243

1.  Session and Chapter. 2.  Short Title. 3.  How far continued. 4.  Amending Acts.

(23.)

41 A 42 Viet, c. 72.  (24.) The Sale of Liquors on Sunday (Ireland) Act, 1878. The whole Act.

43 Viet. c. 18. -(25.) The Parliamentary Elections and Corrupt Practices Act, 1880. The whole Act. 46 A 47 Viet. c. 5L

43 & 44 Viet, c. 42.  (26.) The Employers' Liability Act, 1880. The whole Act.

44 A 45 Viet. c. 5. (27.) The Peace Preservation (Ireland) Act, 1881. The whole Act. 49 & 50 Viet. c. 24.  50 A 51 Viet. c. 20.

45 A 46 Viet, c. 59.  (28.) The Educational Endowments (Scotland) Act, 1882. As to the powers of Her Majesty in Council and of the Scotch Education Department, s. 47.

46 A 47 Viet, c. 51.  (29.) The Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. The whole Act. 58 & 59 Viet. c. 40.

47 & 48 Viet, c. 70.  (30.) The Municipal Elections (Corrupt and Illegal Practices) Act, 1884. The whole Act. 56 & 57 Viet. c. 73.

49 A 50 Viet. The Crofters Holdings As to the powers 50 & 51 Viet c. 24.

c. 29.  (31.) (Scotland) Act, 1886. of the Commissioners for the enlargement of holdings, s. 22. 51 A 52 Viet c. 68. 54 A 55 Viet. c. 41.

51 A 52 Viet, c. 55.  (32.) The Sand Gronse Protection Act, 1888. The whole Act.

52 & 53 Viet. C. 40.  (33.) The Welsh Intermediate Education Act, 1889. As to the powers of the joint education committee and the suspension of the powers of the Charity Commissioners. 53 A 54 Viet. e. 60.

58 A 59 Viet, c. 21.  (34.) The Seal Fisheries (North Pacific) Act, 1895. The whole Act.

59 Viet. c. 1. The Local Government (Elections) Act, 1896. The whole Act.

Q 2

Digitized by v^ooQle

Ch. 47, 48. Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1898. 61 & 62 Vicr.

Part II.

1. 2. i 8. 4.

Session and Chapter. 1  Short Title. How far continued.  1 Amending Acts.

82 & 38 Viet, c. 56. The Endowed Schools Act, 1869. | As to the powers of making schemes and as to the payment of the salaries of additional Charity Commissioners. 36 & 37 Viet c. 87. J 37 & 38 Viet. c. 87. 52 & 53 Viet e. 40.

CHAPTER 48.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Patronage of Benefices, and to their avoidance on Sequestration, and to amend the Pluralities Acts, 1838 and 1885.

[12th August 1898.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's mo3t Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1.—(1.) A transfer of a right of patronage of a benefice shall not be valid unless—

(a) it is registered in the prescribed manner in the registry of the diocese within one month from the date of the transfer, or within such extended time as under special circumstances the bishop may think fit to allow; and (6) it transfers the whole interest of the transferor in the right, except as herein-after provided ; and (c) more than twelve months have elapsed unce the last institution or admission to the benefice.

(2.) It shall not be lawful to offer for sale by public auction any right of patronage, save in the case of an ad vow son to be sold in conjunction with any manor, or with an estate in land of not less than one hundred acres situate in the parish in which the benefice is situate or in an adjoining parish and belonging to the same owner as the advowson, and any person who offers any right of patronage for sale by auction in contravention of this section, or who bids at any such sale, shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds.

(3.) Any agreement for any exercise of a right of patronage of a benefice in favour or on the nomination of any particular person, and any agreement on the transfer of a right of patronage of a benefice—

(a) for the re-transfer of the right; or

(6) for postponing payment of any part of the consideration for the transfer until a vacancy or for more than three months; or

Google

245

1898. Benefices Act, 1898. Ch 48.

(c) for payment of interest until a vacancy or for more than three months; or

(d) for any payment in respect of the date at which a vacancy occurs; or

(e) for the resignation of a benefice in favour of any person, shall be invalid.

(4.) For the declaration set forth in section two of the Clerical Subscription Act, 1865, shall be substituted the declaration set forth in the schedule to this Act which shall be taken in the prescribed manner, and if any person knowingly makes any false statement in this declaration he shall be guilty of a misdemeanour, and shall be liable to the punishment attaching by law to perjury.

(5.) If any clergyman is knowingly party or privy to any transfer, presentation, or agreement which is invalid under this section, or commits any breach of the promissory part of his declaration, he .shall be guilty of an offence in respect of which proceedings may be taken under section two of the Clergy Discipline Act, 1892.

(6.) The expression “ transfer ” in this section shall include any conveyance or assurance passing or creating any legal or equitable interest inter vivos, and any agreement for any such conveyance or assurance, but shall not include—

(a; a transmission on marriage, death, or bankruptcy, or otherwise by operation of law ; nor

(b) a transfer on the appointment of a new trustee where no beneficial interest passes.

(7.) Nothing in this section shall prevent the reservation or limitation in a family settlement of a life interest to the settlor, or in a mortgage the reservation of a right of redemption.

2.—(1.) A bishop may refuse to institute or admit a presentee to a benefice—

(a) if, at the date of the vacancy, not more than one year has elapsed since a transfer, as defined by the first section of this Act, of the right of patronage of the benefice, unless it be proved that the transfer was not effected in view of the probability of a vacancy within such year; or {b) on the ground that at the date of presentation not more than three years have elapsed since the presentee was ordained deacon, or that the presentee is unfit for the discharge of the duties of the benefice by reason of physical or mental infirmity or incapacity, pecuniary embarrassment of a serious character, grave misconduct or neglect of duty in an ecclesiastical office, evil life, having by his conduct caused grave scandal concerning his moral character since his ordination, or having, with reference to the presentation, been knowingly party or privy to any transaction or agreement which is invalid under this Act.

(2.) A bishop shall not collate, institute, or admit any person to a benefice until the expiration of one month after notice, in the prescribed manner, that he proposes to collate, institute, or admit such person has been served on the churchwardens of the parish, who shall publish the notice in the prescribed manner.

Digitized by Google

28 fc 29 Viet, c. 122.

55 & 56 Viet.

c. 32.

Grounds for refusal to institnte.

246

Ch. 48.

Benefices Act, 1898.

61 & 62 Vict.

Appeal against refusal to institute.

Provision as to grounds of refusal.

''V

3. —(1.) Where a bishop, on any ground included in section two of this Act or of unfitness or disqualification of the presentee otherwise sufficient in law, except a ground of doctrine or ritual, refuses to institute or admit a presentee to a benefice, he shall signify the refusal in writing together with the grounds thereof to the person presenting to the benefice and to the presentee in the prescribed manner, and within one month after the signification either of those persons may, in the prescribed manner, require that the matter be heard by a court consisting of the archbishop of the province and of a judge of the Supreme Court, who shall be nominated by the Lord Chancellor from time to time for the purposes of this Act, and the bishop shall be made a party to the proceedings. The court constituted under this Act shall be a court of record and shall be held in public, and at any hearing the legal rules of evidence shall prevail.

(2.) The judge shall decide all questions of law and find as to any fact alleged as reason of unfitness or disqualification and his decision on such questions of law and his finding as to any such fact shall be binding on the archbishop, who shall thereupon—

(i) if the judge finds that no such fact sufficient in law exists, direct institution or admission; or

(ii) if the judge finds that any such fact sufficient in law exists, decide if necessary whether by reason thereof the presentee is unfit for the discharge of the duties of the benefice and determine whether institution or admission ought, under the circumstances, to be refused,

and in either case the archbishop shall give judgment accordingly, and that judgment shall be final.

(3.) The court shall have the same powers of administering oaths and of requiring the attendance of witnesses and the production by them of documents, and as to the payment and recovery of costs and expenses, as are exerciseable by the High Court of Justice.

(4.) If, within one month after a judgment of the court in favour of a presentee, the bishop fails to institute or admit him, the official principal of the archbishop shall institute or admit him if there is no other impediment.

(5.) If in any case to which this section applies the bishop signifies his refusal in manner provided by this section, no proceeding in the nature of quare or duplex querela

shall be taken in any other court in respect of the refusal.

(6.) Where the presentation is made to an archbishop, the archbishop of the other province, whether Canterbury or York, and such judge as aforesaid, shall constitute the court.

4. The bishop may, on the hearing of any case under section three of this Act, rely on—

(i) any ground included in his signification of refusal; and

(ii) by the leave of the judge (on such terms as to notice, costs, adjournment, or otherwise, as the judge thinks fit), any other ground sufficient in law (not being of doctrine or ritual).

Google

18 98.

Benefices A, 1898.

Ch. 48.

247

5. In reckoning ths date for lapse, no account shall be taken, Provision in the case of the first and second presentations by a patron in ftS t0 llip8e' respect of the same vacancy, of the period between a presentation

by the patron and the refusal by the bishop to institute or admit the presentee, or of the period between the refusal of the bishop to institute or admit and the decision of the court upon such refusal; nor in case of a bishop having a right to collate to a benefice of the period between the service of the notice on the churchwardens under the provisions of this Act and the expiration of a month from the said service.

6. —(1.) A patron may not present again a person who has been Right of refused by the bishop in respect of the same vacancy, and any such presentation, second presentation shall be void.

(2.) In the event of the presentee of a clerical patron being refused institution or admission by the bishop, and of such decision being upheld, the patron shall have the same right of further presentation as though he were a lay patron.

7. So much of the statutes 3 and 4 James I., cap. 5, sect. 13, Presentation

and i. William and Mary, cap. 26, sect. 2, is hereby repealed as and*

prevents the Chancellor and Scholars of the Universities of Oxford Cambridge!11 and Cambridge from presenting or nominating to the benefices and

livings there mentioned persons already holding any benefice with cure of souls, provided that nothing be done in contravention of the other Acts regulating the holding of benefices in plurality.

And further the said Universities shall be permitted to elect to such benefices, and to any other benefices or livings that are or may hereafter be in their patronage, and to exercise any other rights that they may possess in respect to them in any way that they may hereafter, by statute or ordinance of the University made in the ordinary manner, from time to time determine to be expedient.

8. To the Commission appointed in pursuance of section seventy- Constitutiou of seven of the Pluralities Act, 1838, as amended by the Pluralities

Acts Amendment Act, 1885, there shall be added two other tie« Acts, commissioners, being either laymen in the commission of the peace l & 2 Viet, for the county in which the benefice is situate, or barristers or Viet

solicitors of not less than ten years' standing, nominated by the c. 54. person who has presided as chairman of the last preceding quarter sessions for the county or division of the county in which the benefice is situated, or, failing him, by the lord lieutenant of the county.

Provided that the secretary of the bishop or the registrar of the diocese shall not be qualified as a commissioner.

9. —(1.) Where a commission appointed in pursuance of section Power to seventy-seven of the Pluralities Act, 1838, as amended by the inhibit on Pluralities Acts Amendment Act, 1885, and by this Act, reports that ^ej^c®fce in the ecclesiastical duties of a benefice are inadequately performed, discharge of and that this is due to the negligence of the incumbent of the- duties, benefice in the performance of those duties (which report the Commission is hereby empowered to make), the bishop, if he thinks

j

Ch. 48.

Benefices Act, 1698.

61 & 62 Vict.

the appointment of a curate desirable, shall himself appoint a curate or curates, as in the said section mentioned, without requiring the incumbent to do so, and may also, if in his opinion the adoption of such a course is expedient in the interests of the benefice, inhibit the incumbent from performing all or any of those duties.

(2.) The power conferred by the said section amended as aforesaid, and by this section, of appointing and requiring the appointment of a curate, may be exercised from time to time in case of any vacancy in the curacy.

(3.) Where a curate has, before the commencement of tliis Act, been appointed under the said section, or the said section as amended by the Pluralities Acts Amendment Act, 18S5, the bishop may, if he sees reason to believe that the incumbent is negligent in the performance cf the ecclesiastical duties of the benefice, issue a commission under the said section as so amended and by this Act to inquire into the facts of the case, and if that commission reports that the incumbent is so negligent, the bishop may inhibit him from performing all or any of the said duties.

<4.) When an incumbent is inhibited under this Act, he shall not interfere with or control any curate in the performance of the ecclesiastical duties of the benefice, and any right of patronage vested in him .by virtue of his incumbency shall, while he is inhibited, vest in the patron of his incumbency, or, if the incumbent be the patron, then in the archbishop of the province.

(5.) An incumbent so inhibited shall not be liable to any penalty or forfeiture for non-residence, but section ninety-three of the Pluralities Act, 1838, shall apply as if the incumbent were not •resident as therein mentioned, and thereupon section ninety-four of the same Act shall apply as in the case where the curate's stipend is not less than the whole value of the benefice. TLe incumbent shall remain liable for repairs, but shall be entitled to retain out of the curate's stipend such amount in respect of repairs during the curate's occupation, and shall be entitled to such facilities for executing repairs, as the bishop may, in case of difference, decide to be reasonable.

(6.) The incumbent may appeal against the appointment of a curate by the bishop under this section and against any such inhibition to the court constituted under this Act within one month n.fter such appointment or the issue of such inhibition. On any such appeal the judge shall determine whether the incumbent has been negligent as aforesaid, and the archbishop shall thereupon—

(i) if the judge finds that the incumbent has not been negligent as aforesaid, rescind the appointment and inhibition, it any; or

4ii) if the judge finds that the incumbent has been negligent as aforesaid, decide whether by reason thereof the said appointment should have been made, and also whether the incumbent should be inhibited from pei forming any and what ecclesiastical duties of his benefice;

And shall give judgment accordingly, and that judgment shall be final. Subject as aforesaid the provisions of section three of this

Digitized by AjOOQle

Ch. 48.

249

1898.

Benefices Act, 1898.

Act with respect to procedure shall apply to proceedings under this sub-section.

10. In the case of incumbents presented or collated after the in certain commencement of this Act, if, on bankruptcy, or in aid of any writ ^^fration of execution against property, the benefice of any such incumbent benefice to is sequestrated within twelve months after his institution, or if become such sequestration, if issued after that period, continues for the volJ' space of one whole year, or if any such incumbent incurs two such sequestrations in the space of two years, the benefice shall, unless the bishop in the manner and within the time to be prescribed otherwise direct, become void, and section fifty-eight of the Pluralities Act, 1838, shall apply in like manner as if the benefice l & 2 Viet, had become void under that section. c*106*

1L The rule committee, as defined by section nine of the Clergy Power to Discipline Act, 1892, may make rules for prescribing anything which, under this Act, is to be prescribed, and for defining the c 32. duties of the officials by whom registration is to be effected, and with respect to the inspection of the register and the fees payable on registration and inspection under this Act, and the application thereof for the remuneration of the officials in the registry in respect of such registration and inspection, and for regulating the procedure on and incident to the hearing and determination under this Act of any question as to a refusal to institute or admit, or of an appeal against an inhibition or appointment of a curate, and the fees payable in respect thereof, and the appointment and duties of officers of the court, and otherwise for carrying the purposes of this Act into effect, and the provisions of that section shall apply in the case of any rules so made. For the purpose of framing rules under this section the judge nominated by the Lord Chancellor for the purposes of this Act shall be added to the said Rule Committee if not already a member thereof. In framing rules under this Act regard shall he had to making the procedure and practice as simple and inexpensive as possible. The fees paid in respect of proceedings in the court under this Act shall be paid over to the common fund of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, who shall, out of such common fund, defray all the expenses of and incidental to the sittings of the court and the remuneration of its officers, and all expenses which are necessarily incurred in the execution of this Act in such proceedings: Provided that no portion of any fund destined for the relief of necessitous incumbents shall be applied to the payment of the aforesaid expenses.

12. Every benefice with cure of souls which at the com- Abolition of mencement of this Act is donative shall as from that date be donatives, presentative.

13. —(1.) In this Act the expression “ benefice ” comprehends Meaning of all rectories with cure of siuL, vicarages, perpetual curacies, benefice, endowed public chapels, and parochial chapelries, and chapelries or districts belonging or reputed to belong, or annexed or reputed to

be annexed, to any church or chapel, and districts formed for

Digitized by boogie

250

Ch. 48.

Benefices A 1898.

61 & 02 Vict.

49 & 49 Vict. c. 84.

Commence*

ment.

Short title.

Section 1 (4).

9 Gee. 4. c. 94.

ecclesiastical purposes by virtue of statutory authority, and includes benefices in the patronage of the Crown or of the Duchy of Cornwall, but does not extend to any of Her Majesty's Royal Chapels, or to auy Royal peculiar, nor to any cathedral or capitular preferment or dignity, nor to any chapel belonging to any college, school, hospital, inns of court, asylum, or public or charitable institution, nor to any private chapel.

(2.) In section two of this Act the expression “ duty ” shall mean ecclesiastical duties as defined by section two of the Pluralities Acts Amendment Act, 1885, omitting the following words therein “ and “ the performance of which shall have been required of him in “ writing by the bishop.”

(3.) In section nine of this Act and in the Pluralities Act, 1838, and the Pluralities Acts Amendment Act, 1885, the expression “ ecclesiastical duties ” shall, in all respects, include those duties mentioned in section two of the Pluralities Acts Amendment Act, 1885, and also the observance of all the promises as to conduct which every clergyman of the Church of England solemnly makes at the time of his ordination; and the expression “negligence” in the performance of ecclesiastical duties shall include wilful default in the performance of such duties.

14. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine.

15. This Act may be cited as the Benefices Act, 1898.

SCHEDULE.

Form of Declaration.

I, C.D., hereby solemnly and sincerely declare in reference to the presentation made of me to the rectory (or vicarage, &c.) of as follows:—

“ (1.) I have not received the presentation of the said reclory (or vicarage, &c.) in consideration of any sum of money, reward, gift, profit, or benefit directly or indirectly given or promised by me, or by any person to my knowledge or with my consent, to any person whatsoever, and I will not at any time hereafter perform or satisfy any payment, contract, or promise made in respect of that presentation by any person without my knowledge or consent.

“ (2.) I have not entered, nor, to the best of my knowledge and belief, has any person entered, into any bond, covenant, or other assurance or engagement, otherwise than as allowed by sections one and two of the Clergy Resignation Bonds Act, 1828, that I should at any time resign the said rectory (or vicarage, &c.).

“ (3.) I have not by myself, nor, to my knowledge, has any person on my behalf, for any sum of money, reward, gift, profit, or advantage, or for or by means of any promise, agreement, grant, bond, covenant, or other assurance of or for any sum of money, reward, gift, profit, or benefit

Digitized by boogie

251

1898. Benefices ,1898. Ch. 48, 49.

whatsoever, directly or iudiieetly procured the now existing avoidance of the said rectory (or vicarage, &c.).

“ (4.) I have not, with respect to the said presentation, been party or privy to any agreement which is invalid under section one, sub-section three of the Benefices Act, 1898.”

Dated this day of 18

C.D.

CHAPTER 49.

An Act to Amend the Law with respect to Vaccination.

[12th August 1898.]

T>E it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and L' with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. —(1.) The period within which the parent or other person Vaccination having the custody of a child shall cause the child to be vacciuated within six shall be six months from the birth of the child, instead of the “°tnh<9 a t€r period of three months mentioned in section sixteen of the Vaccina- 30 & 31 Viet, tion Act of 1867, and so much of that section as requires the c-84-child to be taken to a public vaccinator to be vaccinated shall

be repealed

(2.) The public vaccinator of the district shall, if the parent or other person having the custody of a child so requires, visit the home of the child for the purpose of vaccinating the child.

(3.) If a child is not vaccinated within four months after its birth, the public vaccinator of the district, after at least twenty-four hours notice to the parent, shall visit the home of the child, and shall offer to vaccinate the child with glycerinated calf lymph, or such other lymph as may be issued by the Local Government Board.

(4.) The public vaccinator shall not vaccinate a child, if, in his opinion, the condition of the house in which it resides is such, or there is or has been such a recent prevalence of infectious disease in the district, that it cannot be safely vaccinated, and in that case shall give a certificate under section eighteen of the Vaccination Act of 1867 of postponement of vaccination, and shall forthwith give notice of any such certificate to the medical officer of health for the district.

(5.) Notwithstanding any regulation of any lying-in hospital or infirmary, or other similar institution, the parent of any child born in any institution shall not be compelled under such regulation or otherwise to cause or permit the child to be vaccinated at any time earlier than the expiration of six months from its birth.

2. —(1.) No parent or other person shall be liable to any penalty Exemption under section twenty-nine or section thirty-one of the Vaccination from .

Act of 1867, if within four months from the birth of the child pcna le9' he satisfies two justices, or a stipendiary or metropolitan police

Google

232 Ch. 49. Vaccination Act, 1898. 61 & 62 Vict.

magistrate, in petty sessions, that he conscientiously believes that vaccination would be prejudicial to the health of the child, and within seven days thereafter delivers to the vaccination officer for the district a certificate by such justices or magistrate cf such conscientious objection.

(2.) This section shall come into operation on the passing of this Act, but in its application to a child bom before the passing of this Act there shall be substituted for the period of four months from the birth of the child the period of four months from the passing of this Act.

Provision

against

repeated

penalties.

Proceedings

under

30 & 31 Vict. c. 84. s. 31.

Treatment of prisoners.

Regulations of Local Government Board.

Power to

provide

vaccination

stations under

exceptional

circumstances.

List to be kept of vaccinated persons treated in small-pox hospitals.

Repeal.

3. An order under section thirty-one of the Vaccination Act of 1867, directing that a child be vaccinated, shall not be made on any person who has previously been convicted of non-compliance with a similar order relating to the same child.

4. No proceedings under section thirty-one of the Vaccination Act of 1807 shall be taken against any parent or person who has been convicted under section twenty-nine of the said Act on account of the same child, until it has reached the age of four years.

5. Persons committed to prison on account of non-compliance with any order or non-payment of fines or costs under the Vaccination Acts shall be treated in the same way as first-class misdemeanants.

6. The Local Government Board may make rules and regulations with respect to the duties and remuneration of public vaccinators, whether under contracts made before or after the passing of this Act.

7. The Local Government Board may by order, if in their opinion it is expedient by reason of serious risk of outbreak of small-pox or cf other exceptional circumstances, require the guardians of any poor law union to provide vaccination stations for the vaccination of children with glycerinated calf lymph or such other lymph as may be issued by the Local Government Board, and modify as respects the area to which the order applies, and during the period for which it is in force, the provisions of tills Act requiring the public vaccinator to visit the home of the child otherwise than on request of the parent.

8. The clerk of any sanitary authority which shall maintain a hospital for the treatment of small-pox patients shall keep a list of the names, addresses, ages, and condition as to vaccination of all sroall-pox patients treated in the hospital, such entries to be made on admission, and shall at all reasonable times allow searches to be made therein, and upon demand give a copy under his hand or under that of his deputy of every entry in the same on payment of a fee of sixpence for each search, and threepence for each copy.

9. The enactments mentioned in the schedule to this Act are hereby repealed, during the continuance of this Act, to the extent specified in the third column of that schedule.

Digitized by LjOOQie

1898.

Vaccination Act, 1898.

Cfl. 49.

253

10.—(1.) 'Hiis Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland. Extent com-(2.) This Act shall, except us by this Act specially provided, mencement, come into operation on the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, and shall remain in force until the first Jtie.* ° day of January one thousand nine hundred and four.

(3.) This Act may be cited as the Vaccination Act, 1898, and 80g* 31 Vict-the Vaccination Act of 1867, the Vaccination Act, 1871, the 35 & 35 vict Vaccination Act, 1874, and this Act shall be construed together c. 98. as one Act, and may be cited collectively as the Vaccination Acts, 87 * 38 Vlct-1867 to 1898.

SCHEDULE.

Repeals.

Session and Chapter.

Short Title.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 84.

The Vaccination of 1867.

Act

3t & 35 Vict. c. 98.

The Vac.ination Act, 1871.

Extent of Repeal.

Section six.

Section seven, from “and shall provide all stations” to the end of the section. So much of section eight as fixes the amount of payment thereunder. Section twelve.

In section fifteen, from “according to the pro-“ visions ” to “ perform -" ing the operation.” Section sixteen, the words “ within three months “ after the birth of “ such child ”, and from “ within three months “after receiving” to “ period aB aforesaid,” and from “ and the public “ vaccinator ” to the end of the section.

Section seventeen, to “ vaccinations and ”, and in the same section the words “ if the vaccinator so direct”, and the words “ and inspected as on the “ previous occasion.” Section nineteen.

In section twenty, the words “brought to him “for vaccination.”

In section twenty-nine, the words ** to take such “ child or”, the words “ to be taken ” and the words “ according to the “ provisions of this Act.” In section thirty-seven, the word “ of.”

Section ten.

In section eleven, the words “ take or ” and the words “ to be taken.”

Google

254

Ch. 50.

Seed Supply and Potato Spraying (Ireland) Act, 1898.

61 & 62 Vict.

Powers of guardians to supply seed, spraying machines, and material, and to employ instructors.

Power of guardians to borrow.

X

CHAPTER 50.

An Act to provide for the Supply of Seed Potatoes, Seed Oats, and Spraying Machines and Material to Occupiers and Cultivators of Land in Ireland, and for the employment of Instructors in the use of such Machines and Material. [12th August 1898.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1.—(1.) Where at any time before the first day of September, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight, the guardians-of any poor law union satisfy the Local Government Board that the occupiers of land in any electoral division of their union are generally unable through poverty to procure an adequate supply of seed potatoes, seed oats, spraying machines, or spraying material, the guardians, with the sanction of the Local Government Board, may provide the same for the use of that electoral division, and employ, upon such terms and conditions as that Board may approve, persons to act as instructors in the use of such machines and material.

(2.) The expenses of the execution of this Act by the guardians shall be defrayed out of the poor rate, until the thirty-first day of March, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, of the said electoral division, and afterwards of the union.

2.—(1.) The guardians may apply to the Local Government Board for a loan under this Act for the purpose of providing such seed, machines, or material, and the Local Government Board may approve of the application, and in that case shall transmit it to the Board of Works, who may, with the consent of the Treasury, make, out of any moneys at their disposal for the purpose of local loans, a lean to such board of guardians on the security of the poor rate without requiring any further or other security.

(2.) Such loan shall be repayable by the guardians to the Board of Works by two equal instalments, the first of which shall be paid on the first day of September, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, and the second on the first day of September, one thousand nine hundred.

(3.) The interest, at the rate of two and three quarters per cent, per annum, on such loan, or on so much as is for the time being not repaid, shall be paid by equal half-yearly payments to the Board of Works out of the Irish Church Temporalities Fund.

(4.) When any such loan is made the poor rate leviable in the union shall become forthwith charged, without any deed of mortgage or other instrument, with the repayment of the loan by the said instalments.

Google

1898.

Seed Supply and Potato Spraying

( Ireland) , 1898.

Cir. 50.

25',

(5.) If at any time the Board of Works certify that any sum is payable to them by the guardians of any union on account of any loan under this Act the Local Government Board shall, by order under their seal, assess that sum on the union and send conies of the order to the guardians and to the treasurer of the union; and within one month of the receipt of the copy of the order the treasurer of the union shall, out of any money then in his hands to the credit of the guardians, or if such money is insufficient, then out of all moneys subsequently received by him on account of the guardians, pay the amount mentioned in the order to the Board of Works.

3. The guardians may apply the whole or any part of a loan Application of obtained under this Act in defraying all expenses incurred for the lcmns-purchase of seed potatoes, seed oats, spraying machines, or spraying material, or for carriage, storage, and otherwise in providing the same for sale or hire, and shall when required by the Local Government Board repay to the Board of Works any portion of the loan which is not so applied.

4. The guardians shall sell the said seed and material and shall sell or hire the said machines purchased by them under this Act, subject to the following provisions:—

(1.) Such sale shall not be made to a person unless he is cither a small occupier, that is to say, an occupier of land the rateable value of which does not exceed fifteen pounds, or a cultivator, that Ls to say, a person who cultivates for his own use any land under a contract made by him with the occupier of the land.

(2.) The price shall not (save as respects the abatement hereinafter mentioned for cash payment) be less than the price paid by the guardians for the articles sold, including all expenses incurred for carriage, storage, or otherwise providing the same for sale.

(3.) The quantity of seed sold to a small occupier shall not exceed—

(а) if potatoes, twelve hundredweight; and

(б) if oats, three hundredweight.

(4.) The quantity of seed potatoes sold to a cultivator shall not exceed six hundredweight, and the sale shall only be made on the guardians obtaining such security as they think sufficient for the payment of the price, and no seed oats shall be sold to a cultivator.

(5.) Seed shall not be sold to any person unless the guardians, or such persons as the Local Government Board may nominate in that behalf, are satisfied that the land into which it is to be put has been properly prepared, and is ready for sowing.

(6.) The amount of spraying material sold shall not exceed the amount which, subject to the prescribed rules, appears to the guardians sufficient for the spraying, if the sale is to a small occupier of one statute acre, and if the sale is to a cultivator of half a statute acre.

(7.) A spraying machine shall only be sold upon payment in cash on delivery.

Sale of seeds spraying machines and material.

Digitized by v^ooQle

256 Ch. 50. Seed Supply Potato Spraying 61 & 62 Vict.

(Ireland) Act, 1898.

Recovery of price from purchasers.

V

(8.) Where the price of the article sold is paid for in cash on delivery, an abatement shall be made therefrom of one-fifth, or in the case of a spraying machine of one* tenth, from the price, and any loss occasioned by such abatement shall be paid out of the Irish Church Temporalities Fund to the prescribed board or person.

(9.) The charges for the hire of a spraying machine shall be such as are estimated to be sufficient to prevent any loss to the guardians from the purchase, carriage, or storage of the machine, or otherwise providing the same for hire, or from the delivery thereof to the hirer and the repair thereof, and the charge for the hire shall be paid in cash on delivery.

(10.) Upon a sale under this section of an article, all sums received in cash on delivery shall, where a loan has been made under this Act for the purchase of the article, be paid by the guardians to the Board of Works at the prescribed times, and be applied in repayment of the loan.

5.—(1) The amount due to the guardians on account of any seed or spraying material sold by them, and not paid for in cash on delivery, shall be paid by two equal instalments.

(2.) For obtaining payment of each such instalment due from any person the guardians shall levy the amount, where the person is rated to the poor rate, either as part of the poor rate payable by such person, or by a special rate to be added to the poor rate assessed on the tenements occupied by such person, and to be collected therewith.

(3.) Where such person is not rated to the poor rate the guardians shall make a special rate for the purposes of this Act to which he shall be rated.

(4.) Every such special rate shall be recoverable in the same maimer and with the same remedies by the collectors of the poor rate as if it were poor rate, and shall be lodged to the credit of the guardians with the treasurer of the union.

(5.) Provided that no person shad be entitled to make any deduction from his rent on account of any such special rate.

(6.) The first of such special rate* shall be made at the same time as the first ordinary poor rate made after the first day of July, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight, and the second of such special rates shall be made at the same time as the first ordinary poor rate made after the last day of March, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine.

(7.) The first instalment payable by each purchaser of seed or spraying material shall be due on the day on which the first of such special rates is made, and the second instalment shall be due on the day on which the second of such special rates is made. Any such instalment may be paid to the guardians at any earlier date.

(8.) After the election of a county council for any county, all the powers and duties under this section of the board of guardians

Google

1898.

257

Seed Supply and Potato Spraying . Ch. 50.

{Ireland) Act,1898.

as respects any electoral division in that county shall vest in that council, and the guardians shall certify to that council the sums of which payment is to be obtained.

6. -0.) The Lord Lieutenant, on the application of the Local Power to Government Board, may, with the consent of the Treasury, appoint ?PP°mt inspectors to assist the guardians in the purchase of seed under ^dapprovai this Act, and in all arrangements for the inspection, storage, and of purchases, distribution of the same.

(2.) All purchases under this Act by guardians shall be made subject to the approval of the Local Government Board.

7. The Local Government Board may make general rules and Rules and

regulations as regards,— regulations.

( a) the times and manner of summoning and holding meetings of guardians for the purposes of this Act:

(5) the time within which applications for loans are to be made under this Act:

(c) the information to be given by guardians to the Local Government Board in respect of the persons in the several electoral divisions in the unions who are in need of, but are unable to procure, seed, spraying machines, or material, and who the guardians believe would be willing to purchase the same under this Act:

(d) the forms of all estimates, circulars, notices, and receipts to be used by the guardians under this Act:

(e) the times at which, where a loan has been made under this Act, sums received by guardians as the price of seed, spraying machines, or material, paid for either in cash or by special rate or otherwise, are to be paid to the Board of Works; and

(/) any other matter or thing, whether similar or not to those before-mentioned, in respect of which it may seem to the Local Government Board expedient to make rules and regulations for the purpose of carrying this Act into effect.

8. —(1.) Nothing in this Act shall prejudice or affect any Savings, proceedings which might have been instituted by the Board of Works or by any guardians for the enforcement of any contract or

the recovery of any debt.

(2.) No electoral disability or los3 of parliamentary or other franchise shall be incurred by any voter by reason of the purchase of seed, spraying machines, or material, or hire of machines under this Act.

9. If at any time within nine months before the passing of this Repayment Act the Board of Works have advanced any loan to any guardians, or any guardians have borrowed any money or purchased any seed of potatoes, seed oats, spraying machines, or spraying material, or Works and done any other act in relation to such loan, seed, Rpraying machines or material, or made any rate, and such advance, borrowing, tore, &c. purchase, rate, or thing would have been valid if this Act had previously passed, the same shall be deemed to have been validly

R

Google

258

Ch. 50, 51. Seed Supply and Potato Spraying 61 & 62 Vicr.

( Ireland) , 1898.

Definitions.

44 & 45 V'ct* c. 71.

Short title.

done in like manner as if it had been done in pursuance of this Act, and the loan shall be repaid and may be recovered, and the rate may be enforced accordingly, and all orders made and things done by the Local Government Board in relation to any of the matters aforesaid shall be as valid and effectual as if they had been made or done in pursuance of this Act.

10. In this Act—

The expression “ poor rate ” means any rate leviable under the Acts made for the relief of the poor in Ireland :

The expression “ rateable value ” means the annual rateable value under the Irish Valuation Acts, and, where any land occupied is not separately valued under those Acts, means such value as the guardians of the union determine wonld be the rateable value if such premises were so separately valued:

The expression “ Local Government Board ” means the Local Government Board for Ireland :

The expression “ Board of Works ” means the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland:

The expression “ guardians ” means a board of guardians: The expression “ Irish Church Temporalities Fund ” means the fund under the control of the Irish Land Commission by virtue of the Irish Church Act Amendment Act, 1881:

The expression “ spraying machine ” means any machine for spraying potatoes for the purpose of preventing or curing disease therein, and “ spraying material ” means any material used in such machines.

The expression “ prescribed ” means prescribed by rules made in pursuance of this Act

11. This Act may be cited as the Seed Supply and Potato Spraying (Ireland) Act, 1898.

OVVWVW V/

Extension of power to grant outdoor relief in food and fuel.

B

CHAPTER 51.

An Act to make temporary provision for the Belief of Distress in Ireland. [12th August 1898.]

E it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and 1 with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :

1.—(1.) At any time before the first day of September, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight, the Local Government Board for Ireland may, if they think fit, by order under their seal authorise the board of guardians of any poor law union, subject to such conditions as may be prescribed by the said Local Government

Google

1898.

Out-door Relief ( Ireland)Act, 1898. Cm. 51.

259

Board, to administer relief out of the workhouse, for any time not exceeding two months from the date of such order, to any poor persons resident in the union, and the said Board may, by a like order, revoke any such order either wholly or partly or with reference to any particular class of persons.

(2.) On the receipt by the guardians of any union of any order of the said Board authorising such relief, the guardians shall make provision for affording such relief accordingly for such time and on such conditions as may be specified in the order, or until the order is revoked.

(3.) Section two of the Poor Relief (Ireland) Act, 1862 (which excludes an occupier of more than a quarter of an acre from being relieved otherwise than in the workhouse) shall not apply as regards relief given under this Act.

(4.) So long as an order of the Local Government Board authorising relief under this Act is in force in any poor law union all expenses incurred, whether by direction of the board of guardians acting in pursuance of such order or provisionally by the relieving officers, in affording relief out of the workhouse to any person in the union, shall be charged in the same manner as if such expenses had been incurred in affording relief in the workhouse to such person under the Poor Relief (Ireland) Acts, 1838 to 1892.

2. If at any time before the passing of this Act any outlay has been made by any board of guardians or relieving officer with the sanction or subsequent approval of the Local Government Board for Ireland for the purpose of providing out-door relief such outlay and all resolutions and proceedings of the board of guardians and of their officers in relation thereto shall be ratified and confirmed, and be as valid and effectual as if the outlay had been made and the resolutions and proceedings had been passed and taken under the authority and in compliance with the provisions of this Act; and all persons who have acted in any manner in making any such outlay or otherwise in providing such relief shall be released and indemnified from and against any penalties and surcharges in consequence thereof.

3. The board of guardians of any poor law union may, with the sanction of the Local Government Board for Ireland, and subject to such conditions as to the period and mode of repayment, rate of interest, and otherwise, as that board may prescribe, borrow and take up at interest on the credit of the rates of such of the electoral divisions of the union as the guardians, with the sanction of the Local Government Board for Ireland, may determine, any sums of money necessary for the purpose of carrying the provisions of this

i Act into execution ; and for securing the repayment of any sums so borrowed, with interest thereon, the guardians may mortgage to the persons by or on behalf of whom such sums are advanced the rates leviable on such electoral divisions.

R 2

25 & 26 Viet, c. 83.

Confirmation of expenditure by guardians and indemnity.

Power to borrow money and mortgage rates.

Digitized by kjOOQie

200

Ch. 51, 52. Out-door Relief {Ireland) Act, 1898. 61 & 62 Vict.

Out-door relief not to involve electoral disability.

Short title.

4. No electoral disability or loss of any parliamentary or other franchise shall be incurred by any person by reason of a grant of out-door relief having been made to him under this Act, or by reason of any such grant ratified under this Act

5. This Act may be cited as the Out-door Relief (Ireland) Act, 1898.

CHAPTER 52.

An Act to transfer to the Commissioners of the Township of Kingstown certain Roads and Lands now vested in the Commissioners of Kingstown Harbour, and for other purposes. [12tli August 1898.]

WHEREAS the harbour of Kingstown, near Dublin, is maintained out of money provided by Parliament, and is, by virtue of various Acts of Parliament, under the control and management of Commissioners called the Commissioners of Kingstown Harbour, appointed by the Lord Lieutenant:

And whereas the Commissioners of the Township of Kingstown, incorporated by that name by the Township of Kingstown Act, 1869, are the urban sanitary authority of the urban sanitaiy district consisting of the township of Kiugstown :

And whereas the roads and footways, and portions of roads and footways, described in the First Schedule to this Act, and situate within the said urban sanitary district, are the property of the Commissioners of Kingstown Harbour, and are managed and maintained by them:

And whereas it is expedient that the property in and management of the said roads and footways, and portions of roads and footways, should be transferred to and vested in the said Commissioners of the Township of Kingstown, subject to the provisions of this Act and especially to the provisions thereof relating to the transfer of certain parts of these roads and footways to the Dublin Wicklow and Wexford Railway Company:

And whereas the hereditaments described in the Second Schedule to this Act are also situate within the said urban sanitary district, and are vested in the Commissioners of Kingstown Harbour: And whereas it is expedient that the hereditaments described in the Second Schedule to this Act should also be transferred to and vested in the said Commissioners of the Township of Kingstown for all the estate of the Commissioners of Kingstown Harbour therein, subject to the provisions of this Act:

And whereas the strips of ground described in paragraph 2 of the Second Schedule to this Act are transferred to the Commissioners of the Township of Kingstown, in order to enable them to lay down and complete a road and footpath between Crofton Road and the road at the railway crossing at the end of the West Pier of Kingstown Harbour:

Google

189S. Kingstown Township ( T of Cff. 52. 261

Harbour Roads) Act, 1898.

And whereas it is expedient to make such provisions as are contained in this Act with respect to the transfer to the Dublin,

Wicklow, and Wexford Railway Company of certain parts of the roads and footways described in the First Schedule to this Act:

And whereas it is also expedient that such further provisions as are herein-after contained should be conferred and made :

And whereas the purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the authority of Parliament:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows (that is to say) :—

1. This Act may be cited as the Kingstown Township (Transfer Short title, of Harbour Roads) Act, 1898.

2. This Act so far as it relates to any roads, footways, or land Act to be con-transferred to the Commissioners of the Township of Kingstown,

shall be construed as one with the Kingstown Improvement Act,

1861, and the several Acts and parts of Acts incorporated there- Viet. c. cxviii. with so far as they are not expressly varied by this Act.

3. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, the Definitions, following expressions have respectively the following meanings

(that is to say):—

The expression “The Harbour Commissioners” means the Commissioners of Kingstown Harbour.

The expression “ The Town Commissioners ” menns the Commissioners of the Township of Kingstown.

The expression “ The Railway Company ” means the Dublin,

Wicklow, and Wexford Railway Company.

4. As from the passing of this Act the roads and footways, and Transfer of portions of roads and footways, described in the First Schedule to ^oada* this Act with the exception of such parts of these roads and footways as are transferred under this Act to the Railway Company, and all the property, jurisdiction, power, and authority

of the Harbour Commissioners therein, shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, be transferred from the Harbour Commissioners to and vested in the Town Commissioners, and subject to the said provisions the Town Commissioners shall have all the powers, rights, privileges, and obligations which are conferred on, or may be exercised or enforced by the Town Commissioners, with respect to the other roads or streets within the township of Kingstown.

5. The Harbour Commissioners may, at all times, by themselves, Bight of the their agents, servants, and workmen, pass over and use for any Harbour purpose connected with Kingstown Harbour so much of the tramways connecting the east and west piers of the harbour use tramway, with the quarries at Dalkey as cross over and pass along the

road described in paragraph 2 of the First Schedule of this Act, and the Harbour Commissioners may maintain and improve the said

262

Expenses of maintaining the transferred roads.

Testing of lands in Town Commissioners.

Retransfer of land in a certain event.

Limitation of building powers.

Transfer of certain parts of roads to

Ch, 52. Kingstown Township ( of 61 & 62 VlCT.

Harbour Roads) Act, 1898.

portion of tramway, and for that purpose may place materials on the road, and break it up : Provided that—

(а) any work for the purpose of the maintenance and improvement of the said portion of the tramway shall be executed to the reasonable satisfaction of the Town Commissioners, or, in case of difference, of a surveyor to be selected by the Local Government Board; and

(б) every such work shall be executed so as to cause as little interruption of traffic or inconvenience to the Town Commissioners as circumstances will admit.

6. The expenses of maintaining, repairing, lighting, and watering the roads and footways or portions of roads and footways transferred to the Town Commissioners by this Act shall be defrayed by the Town Commissioners out of the rates leviable by them as the Commissioners of the Township of Kingstown, and applicable to the purposes of maintaining, repairing, lighting, and watering the other roads within the said township.

7. As from the passing of this Act the plots of ground described in the Second Schedule to this Act shall be transferred to and vested in the Town Commissioners for all the estate and interest which the Harbour Commissioners have therein respectively.

8. If the Town Commissioners fail to lay down and complete to the satisfaction of the Harbour Commissioners, within the term of seven years from the passing of this Act, a road and footpaths between Crofton Road and the road at the railway crossing at the shore end of the west pier of Kingstown Harbour, the High Court shall, upon the application of the Harbour Commissioners made by summary petition to the Chancery Division of that court within two years after the expiration of the said term of seven years, and on proof of the failure, make an order vesting in the Harbour Commissioners the strips of ground described in paragraph 2 of the Second Schedule to this Act, and those stiips of ground shall vest in the Harbour Commissioners by virtue of the order without any conveyance or assignment

9. The Town Commissioners shall not, without the consent in writing of the Harbour Commissioners, erect or place on the sloping bank to the southern edge of the Harbour Road (lower level) mentioned in paragraph 2 of the First Schedule to this Act or on the plots of land described in paragraph 1 of the Second Schedule to this Act any building or structure, and on obtaining such consent shall further obtain the approval in writing of the Harbour Commissioners to the plans and specifications of any such intended building or structure, and make and erect the building or structure only according to plans and specifications so approved.

10. —(1.) As from the passing of this Act there shall be transferred from the Harbour Commissioners to and vested in the

Digitized by LjOOQie

1898.

Kingstown Township ( of

Harbour Roads) Act, 1898.

Ch. 52.

263

Railway Company the following parts of the roads and footways the Dublin,

described in the First Schedule to this Act, namely— Wicklow,

* and Wexfoi

(a) so much of the Crofton Road as may be required for the Railway

erection of a second platform and new line of rail at Kingstown Company, not exceeding at any one point eleven feet in breadth measured from the face of the Railway Company's boundary wall; and

(b) so much of the Harbour Road (upper level) as may be required for the widening of the approach to Carlisle Pier and laying down additional lines, not exceeding at any one point twelve feet in breadth measured from the inside of the Railway Company's wall.

(2.) The parts of the roads and footways transferred under this section shall be used by the Railway Company only for the purposes for which they are required to be transferred under this section and subject to the provisions of the agreement set out in the Third Schedule to this Act.

(3.) The agreement set out in the Third Schedule to this Act is hereby confirmed.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

1. The road known as Crofton Road, 388 yards or thereabouts in length, measured from its junction with the Royal Marine Road.

2. The road known as the Harbour Road (upper level), 595 yards or thereabouts in length, measured from its junction with the said Crofton Rond, including therein the sloping bank to the southern edge of the Harbour Road (lower level), excepting thereout the piece or plot of ground constituting the site of the Obelisk erected to commemorate the embarkation of His late Majesty King George the Fourth from Ireland, that is to say, a strip of land extending east and west six yards or thereabouts on each side of such Obelisk, measured from the centre thereof, and extending north and south from the said Harbour Road (upper level) to the Harbour Road (lower level), together with full liberty of ingress, egress, and regress to the said site at all times and for all purposes to the Harbour Commissioners, their agents, servants, and workmen, with or without horses, carts, or other vehicles, laden or unladen.

3. Portion of the road known as the Royal Marine Road, 72 yards or thereabouts in length, measured from its junction with the said Harbour Road.

4. The portion of the road opposite Crofton Terrace, commencing at a point on the north side of the said road, 58 yards or thereabouts west of the centre of the coal quay bridge, and terminating at a point on the north side of the said road, 128 yards or thereabouts east of the centre of the said coal quay bridge.

Google

264

Ch. 52.

Kingstown Township {Transfer Cl & 62 Vict. Harbour Roads) Act, 1898.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

1. Two plots of ground between the Victoria Baths and the shore end of the eastern pier of Kingstown Harbour, on the north side of the Harbour Road, containing together thirty-five perches or thereabouts, statute measure.

2. The strips of land on the south side of the Dublin, Wicklow, and Wexford Railway, so far as the same are the property of the Harbour Commissioners, between the west eud of the Crofton Road and the railway level crossing at the shore end of the west pier of Kingstown Harbour, containing altogether about three roods and thirty perches, statute measure.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Kingstown Township (Transfer of Roads to Railway Company).

Heads of Ag.

Entered into the fourth day of April 1898, between the Commissioners of the Township of Kingstown, herein-after called “ the Commissioners,” incorporated by the Township of Kingstown Act, 1869, and the Dublin, Wicklow and Wexford Railway Company, herein-after called “ the Company.”

]. A clause to be inserted in the Bill, transferring to the Company, solely for the purpose of widening and improving the Kingstown Station and the approach to the Carlisle Pier, so much of the Crofton Road as may be required for the erection of a second platform and new lines of rail at Kingstown, not exceeding in breadth at any point eleven feet, measured from the north face of the Company's boundary wall, and so much of the Harbour Road (upper level) as may be required for widening the approach to Carlisle Pier and laying down additional lines, not exceeding in breadth at any one point twelve feet measured from the inside face of the Company's wall.

2. Detailed plans and drawings of the works and buildings required for the above purposes to be submitted to the Commissioners for approval, and in case of dispute as to suitability, nature, and extent of the works and buildings, and the actual widths of tho roads required, or with regard to any other provision in this Agreement, tho questions in dispute shall be determined by the award of a single arbitrator to be appointed by the Board of Works, whose decision shall be final, binding, and conclusive on both parties, and whose award may be made a Rule of Court at the instance of either party.

3. In case of arbitration, it is to be an instruction to the arbitrator that os little encroachment as possible shall be made on the roads consistently with the necessity of giving to the Company proper facility for the mail and passenger traffic, and that the proposed platform nt Kingstown, so far as it is under the existing footway of the Crofton Road, shall be covered with a roof, supported by cantilevers, such roof to be so constructed that when covered with asplralte or concrete it may form part of the footpath on the north side of the Crofton Road. The Company may also raise the level of the footpath on Crofton Road, next the railway, to a reasonable extent, not

Digitized by v^ooQle

IS 98.

Kingstown Township {Transfer of Harbour Roads) Act, 1898.

Ch. 52.

265

exceeding two feet, so as to give headroom, and for this purpose they may also tunnel under the said Crofton Road if they require to do so ; and at the north-east side of the Harbour Road (upper level) they may tunnel to the full extent of the road, if necessary. Any railing to be erected on the Crofton Road to be placed as near the north-east edge of the new wall as possible, and, if necessary, on cantilevers, so as to avoid encroaching unnecessarily on the Croiton Road.

' 4. In any arrangement the Company may make with the Commissioners of Kingstown Harbour for increased accommodation on the Harbour Road (lower level) at Carlisle Pier, the level crossing there shall be preserved with a minimum width of twelve feet.

5. In the event of the Company herein-after seeking power by a private Bill or otherwise to close the level crossing referred to in paragraph 4, this Agreement shall not be in any way relied upon or used by the Commissioners in opposing any application for such power.

6. In case it shall be found necessary, for the purpose of making the alterations contemplated, to divert the sewer, known as the Board of Works sewer, on the Crofton Road, such diversion shall be carried out by the Company at their own expense, and they shall make such diversion, and all new and proper connections for it, to the satisfaction of the Commissioners.

7. Any new building that may be required to be erected by the Company shall he granite faced, and in keeping with the present buildings at Kingstown Station, opposite the Town Hall.

" 8. The Company shall, when carrying out the widening and improvement of the Kingstown Station aforesaid, place a suitable footbridge over their line from Crofton Road to the Harbour Road near the Royal Irish Yacht Club, provided that the Commissioners first convey or cause to be conveyed free of all cost to the Company so much of the site of such >oads respectively as will be required for the approaches to, and erection of, the said footbridge.

9. The Company shall at their own expense provide an entrance from the east end of the station to the new platform when constructed.

10. The Company shall supply all information, and do every act within their power, to assist the Commissioners in getting possession of ground now occupied by Mrs. Synnott, boat builder, and the plot adjoining same, required for the new road proposed to be made between Crofton Road and the road at the railway crossing near the shore end of the West Pier of Kingstown Harbour, and in order thereto shall use their influence to obtain from the Dublin and Kingstown Company information as to any documents in the possession of that Company relating to the plots of ground in question.

11. The Company hereby undertake to facilitate the Commissioners by every means in their power in making the proposed road aforesaid, and in constructing such retaining wall or walls alongside the railway as may be necessary for the purpose of supporting or retaining the said road.

12. These Heads of Agreement are subject to such alterations as Parliament may think fit to make therein, but if the Committee on the Bill

Google

266

Ch. 52, 53. Kingstown Township {Transfer of 61 & 62 Yicr. Harbour Roads) , 1898.

Short title.

Penalty for offences.

make any material alteration in these Heads it shall be competent to either of the parties to withdraw the some.

In witness whereof the parties hereto have hereunto caused their respective Common Seals to be affixed the day and year first herein written.

Present when the seal of the Commissioners of the Township of Kingstown affixed hereto.

JOHN DONNELLY,

Town Clerk.

E. M. COWAN,

Secretary, Dublin, Wicklow, and Wexford Railway.

CHAPTER 53.

An Act to provide for the Punishment of Offences in Libraries. [12th August 1898.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Libraries Offences Act, 1898.

2. Any person who, in any library or reading-room to which this Act applies, to the annoyance or disturbance of any person using the same,—

(1) behaves in a disorderly manner;

(2) uses violent, abusive, or obscene language;

(3) bets or gambles;

(4) or who, after proper warning, persists in remaining therein beyond the hours fixed for the closing of such library or reading-room,

shall be liable on summary conviction to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings.

Google

1898.

Libraries Offences Act, 1898.

Ch. 58, 54.

267

3. This Act shall apply— Application (a) to any library under the Public Libraries Act, 1892 ; and of Act-

(b) to any library or readiDg-room maintained by a Society 5<$ & 57 y,ct. registered under the Industrial and Provident Societies Act, c. 89.

1893, or under the Friendly Societies Act, 1896, or by any 60 v,ct* registered Trade Union.

4. This Act shall not apply to Scotland or Ireland. Extent of

CHAPTER 54.

An Act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans, and for other purposes relating to Loans out of the Local Loans Fund. [12th August 1898.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :

1.—(1.) For the purpose of local loan3 there may be issued by Grants for the National Debt Commissioners the following sums, namely— public works,

(a.) For the purpose of loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of five million pounds.

(6.) For the purpose of loans by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole eight hundred thousand pounds.

(2.) The sums so issued shall be issued during a period ending on the day on which a further Act granting money for the purposes of those loans comes into operation, and in accordance with the provisions of the National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887. c.°it.61 VlCt

2. Whereas it is expedient that the principal of the several Certain debts local loans specified in the schedule to this Act should, to the a?

extent specified in the last column of that schedule, not be reckoned assets of local as assets of the local loans fuud established under the National loans fund. Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887; therefore the principal of the jj°*51 Vlct said loans shall, to that extent, be written off from the assets of the local loans fund, and the provisions of section fifteen of the said Act shall, so far as applicable, apply thereto.

3. The works for the purpose of which the Public Works Loan Commissioners may lend in Great Britain under the Public Works whi^h Public Loans Act, 1875, shall include any work for which the managers commiwi^ers of asylum districts, or of school districts, are respectively authorised «^Snvict.c. ss. to borrow under the Acts relating to the relief of the poor.

4. The Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland may if they Power of think fit lend under the Public Works (Ireland) Acts, 1831 to 1886, ^p”^,ouer8 for the purpose of any work for which the council of a county Works in borough or district in Ireland are authorised to borrow; and, Ireland to notwithstanding anything in the said Acts, the loan may be made amhorities*1

Google

268

Ch. 54.

Public Works Loans Act, 1898. 61 & 62 Vict.

for such term as the Commissioners think fit, not exceeding the term for which the borrowing council are authorised to borrow.

Ame^dmentof^ 5. In section eleven of the Public Works Loans Act, 1875 s. ii, aa to u-rm * (which fixes the time for repayment of loans), “ thirty ” shall be JfriSyment substituted for “ twenty.”

Short title. 6. This Act may be cited as the Public Works Loans Act, 1898.

SCHEDULE.

Part I.

Loans by the Commissioners of Public Works, Ireland.

Name of Borrower. Act authorising Advance. Amount  advanced.   Amount  repaid.   Amount to be written off the Assets of the Local Loans Fund.

£ s. d. £ s. d. 1  £ d.

Mathias Donovan - The Landed Property Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1847 (10 Yict. c. 82). 645 0 0 116 4 5 238 15 0

Mathias Donovan - Do. 100 0 0 7 1 11 41 9 2

John Cowhey Do. 100 0 0 6 5 3 93 14 9

R. T. Forrest - Do. 600 0 0 182 12 4 417 7 8

Michael Bohanna * Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881 (44 & 45 Vict. c. 49. s. 19). 50 0 0 25 4 9 1 11 9

Margaret Byrne Do. (s. 31) 40 0 0 8 17 5 36 2 7

Margaret Connell - Do. 210 0 0 33 17 11 176 2 1

Michael Richardson Do. 100 0 0 4 1 9 95 18 3

Michael Hennessy - Do. - 95 0 0 0 7 8 94 12 4

Thomas Lloyd Do. 40 0 0 8 2 11 31 17 1

Jonathan Walpole • Do. - 140 0 0 2 3 3 137 16 9

Bernard Reynolds - Do. 40 0 0 0 15 7 39 4 5

William Coulson - The Drainage and Improvement of Lands Act (Ireland), 1868 (26 & 27 Vict. c. 88). 149 13 9 Nil  Total   8 12 10 1,413 4 8

Digitized by LjOOQle

1898. Pvblic Works Loans Act, 1898. Ch. 54, 55.

Part II.

Loans by the Irish Land Commission.

Name of Borrower. Act authorising Advance. Amount  advanced. Amount repaid or to be repaid. Amount to be written off the Assets of the Local Loans Fund.

Patrick Cnllinan - Purchase of Land (Ire* land) Act, 1885 (48 & 49 Viet. c. 73). £ d. 815 0 0 £ t. d. 799 18 7 £ d. 15 1 5

Eliza Coffey - Do. 2,500 0 0 2,348 19 8 151 0 4

Total - 166 1 9

Past III.

Loans by the Fishery Board for Scotland.

Loans to Fishermen under the Crofters Holdings (Sootland) Act, 1886 (49 & 50 Viet. c. 29.).

District.   Amount  advanced. Amount repaid and realised by Sale of Boats. Amount to be written off the Assets of the Local Loans Fund.

£ 8. d. £ 8. d. £ 8. d.

Wick - - Alexander Sinclair *1

John Sinclair  270 0 0 183 6 11 86 13 1

Angus Sinclair - -J

Stornoway - Malcolm McDonald

Finlay Mclnnes -Donald McCaskill :} 44 15 0 28 17 4 15 17 8

Kenneth McCaskill -J

Loch Broom - Duncan Rose

Simon Munro -John McKenzie - :} 63 0 0 53 8 9 9 11 3

Roderick McRae -J

Total 112 2 0

CHAPTER 55.

An Act to amend the Universities and College Estates Acts, 1858 to 1880. [12th August 1898.]

EE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :

L For the purposes of sale, enfranchisement, exchange, par- Extension tition, and leasing, a university or college may exercise any of power9 of

Google

270

Ch. 55.

Universities and College Estates Act, 1898.

61 & G2 Vicr.

sale, &c. exerciseable by universities and collies.

Application of capital money.

Powers of borrowing for improvements.

the powers conferred on a tenant for life by the Settled Land Acts, 1882 to 1890, and for those purposes the provisions of those Acts mentioned in Part I. of the Firr.t Schedule to this Act shall apply accordingly, subject to the modifications mentioned in Part II. of that schedule.

Provided that—

(a) the powers of sale, enfranchisement, exchange, and partition, and the power of granting building leases with option of purchase, shall not be exercised without the consent of the Board of Agriculture; and (b) capital money payable on any such sale, enfranchisement, exchange, or partition, or on the exercise of any such option, shall be paid to the Board of Agriculture.

2. —(1.) Capital money paid, whether before or after the commencement of this Act, to the Board of Agriculture under the Universities and College Estates Acts, 1858 to 1880, or this Act, or arising under section twenty-one of the Universities and College Estates Act, 1858, and the proceeds of sale of securities representing any such money, may, with the consent of the Board of Agriculture, be applied by a university or college to any of the following purposes:—

(i) the investment in the name of the Board on any securities in which trustees are by law authorised to invest trust money; and

(ii) the purposes mentioned in the Second Schedule to this Act; and

(iii) the purchase of the interest of a lessee under a lease from the university or college.

(2.) The income of any such securities shall be paid or applied as the income of the land represented by the securities would have been payable or applicable.

(3.) Land purchased Under this section shall be conveyed to the university or college to be held to uses or upon trusts corresponding to the purposes for which the capital money or proceeds of sale of securities applied in the purchase were held, except that copyhold land may be conveyed to trustees.

(4.) Where the purpose to which money may be applied under this section is of such a nature that, in the opinion of the Board of Agriculture, provision ought to be made for replacing the money within a limited time, the Board shall, in giving, their consent to the application, require provision to be so made.

3. —(1.) The purposes for which money may be borrowed by a university or college under section twenty-seven of the Universities and College Estates Act, 1858, shall include the improvements mentioned in the Third Schedule to this Act, being improvements to which capital money arising under the Settled Land Acts, 18S2 to 1890, may be applied.

(2.) The period for repayment of. money borrowed after the commencement of this Act for an improvement under the Universities and College Estates Acts, 1858 to 1880, or this Act,

Google

1898.

Universities and College Estates Act, 1898.

Ch. 55.

271

shall be such period not exceeding fifty years as the Boards of Agriculture, having regard in each case to the character and probable duration of the improvement, determine.

4. Where under the Universities and College Estates Acts, 1858 Power to to 1880, money has, before the commencement of this Act, been exJ^for borrowed or applied by a university or college for the purpose of an ^payment indemnity for the loss of a fine in respect of land held under a of fine loans, beneficial lease, and it is proved to the satisfaction of the Board of Agriculture that the annual amount required for the repayment

of the money exceeds one-half of the net annual value of the land after deduction therefrom of the rent reserved by the beneficial lease, the Board may (with the consent of the lender in the case of money borrowed) extend, within the limits authorised by this Act for improvement loans, the term for repayment or replacement of the money, and make such other modifications in the provisions for repayment or replacement as may be considered expedient. Provided that the aggregate amount required to be repaid or replaced by a university or college in any one year in respect of money so borrowed or applied shall be not less than the average annual amount so repaid or replaced during the five years ending the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight.

5. The Board of Agriculture may, if they think fit, in giving Power to their consent to a sale, exchange, purchase, or redemption of any

land tax, tithe rentcharge. Crown rent, chief rent, or quit rent, by veyor'B a university or college, dispense with a report from the surveyor of report, the university or college.

6. —(1.) Where the purchase, consideration, or compensation Provision aa money payable in respect of any land belonging to a university or mv“ey college is directed by any Act of Parliament to be paid into court, fivcourt or either into court or to trustees, the money shall, at the option of or to trustees, the university Or college, be paid either as directed by the Act or to

the Board of Agriculture.

(2.) Where any such money has been paid either before or after the commencement of this Act either into court or to trustees on behalf of a university or college, that sum, or the securities representing it, may, if in court on the application of, and if held by trustees by the direction of, the university or college, be paid or transferred to the Board of Agriculture.

(3.) Money paid and securities transferred to the Board of Agriculture under this section on behalf of a university or college shall be treated as capital money paid to the board under this Act and as securities representing money so paid.

7. This Act shall apply only to the universities and colleges to Application which the Universities and College Estates Acts, 1858 to 1880, apply,

and references in those Acts to any specific provisions thereof shall pre lon* be construed as references to those provisions as amended by this Act or to the corresponding provisions of this Act as the case may require.

Digitized by LjOOQle

272

Ch. 55.

Universities and College Estates Act, 1898.

61 & 62 Viot.

Repeal, commencement, and short title.

21 & 22 Viet c. 44.

23 & 24 Viet c. 59.

43 & 44 Viet c. 46.

8.—(1.) The enactments mentioned in the Fourth Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of that schedule.

(2.) This Act shall come into operation on tho expiration of two months after the passing thereof.

(3.) This Act may be cited as the Universities and College Estates Act, 1898, and may be cited with the Universities and College Estates Acts, 1858 to 1880.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Part I.

Enactments relating to Sale, Enfranchisement, Exchange, Partition, and .

The Settled Land Act, 1882 (45 & 46 Viet. c. 38.).

Sections three, four, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, sixteen, seventeen, thirty-oie, thirty-four, fifty-five.

The Settled Land Act, 1884 (47 & 48 Viet. c. 18.).

Section four.

The Settled Land Act, 1889 (52 & 53 Viet. c. 36.).

Sections two and three.

The Settled Land Act, 1890 (53 & 54 Viet. c. 69.).

Sections five, eight, and nine.

Part II.

Adaptation of Enactments .

For the purpose of adapting the foregoing enactments to the case of universities and colleges, the following modifications shall be made therein:—

(1.) References to a university or college and land belonging to a university or college shall be substituted for references to a tenant for life and settled land;

(2.) References to land or an estate or interest in land or other property, belonging to a university or college, shall be substituted for references to land or an estate or interest in land or other property, the subject of or comprised in the settlement;

(3.) References to capital money payable to the Board of Agriculture shall be substituted for references to capital money arising under the Settled Land Acts, 1882 to 1890;

(4.) The Board of Agriculture shall be substituted for the trustees of the settlement and for the court, but this substitution shall not authorise the vesting of land in the Board.

Subject ns aforesaid, expressions in the enactments so applied shall be construed as in the Acts containing the enactments.

Google

1S9S.

Universities and College Estates Act, 1898.

Ch. 55.

273

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Purposes to which Capital Money mat be applied.

1. Discharge, purchase, or redemption of incumbrances affecting the See 45 & 46

inheritance of land belonging to the university or college, or of laud tax, Vl®4* c* 38* rentcharge in lieu of tithe, Crown rent, chief rent, or quit rent, charged on 8* *

or payable out of the land.

2. Payment for equality of exchange or partition of land belonging to the university or college.

3. Purchase of the seignory of any part of the land belonging to the university or college, being freehold land, or in purchase of the fee simple of any part of that land, being copyhold or customary land.

4. Purchase of the reversion or freehold in fee of any part of the land belonging to the university or college, being leasehold land held for years, or life, or years determinable on life.

5. Purchase of land in fee simple, or of copyhold or customary land, or of leasehold land held for sixty years or more unexpired at the time of purchase, subject or not to any exception or reservation of or in respect of mines or minerals therein, or of or in respect of rights or powers relative to the working of mines or minerals therein, or in other land.

6. Purchase, either in fee simple, or for a term of sixty years or more, of mines and minerals convenient to be held or worked with iand belonging to the university or college, or of any easement, right, or privilege convenient to be held with that land for mining or other purposes.

7. Payment of costs, charges, and expenses of or incidental to the exercise of any of the powers, or the execution of any of the provisions, of the Universities and College Estates Acts, 1858 to 1880, or this Act.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Improvements for which Universities and Colleges may

borrow.

(i.) Drainage, including the straightening, widening, or deepening of Nee 45 & 46 drains, streams, and watercourses: Viet. c. 38.

(ii.) Irrigation ; warping : 53 & 54 Viet,

(iii.) Drains, pipes, and machinery for supply and distribution of sewage c. 69. s. 13. as manure:

(iv.) Embanking or weiring from a river or lake, or from the sea, or a tidal water :

(v.) Groynes; sea walls ; defences against water:

(vi.) Inclosing ; straightening of fences } re-division of fields:

(vii.) Reclamation; dry warping:

(viii.) Farm roads; private roads ; roads or streets in villages or towns:

(ix.) Clearing ; trenching; planting :

(x.) Cottages for labourers, farm servants, and artisans employed on the land or not:

(xi.) Farmhouses, offices, and out-buildings, and other buildings for farm purposes :

(xii.) Saw-mills, scutch-mills, and other mills, water-wheels, engine-houses, and kilns, which will increase the value of land belonging to the university or college for agricultural purposes or as woodland or otherwise:

(xiii.) Reservoirs, tanks, conduits, watercourses, pipes, wells, ponds, shafts, dams, weirs, sluices, and other works and machinery for supply and

S

Digitized by v^ooQie

274

Ca 55.

Universities and College Estates 61 & 62 Vict. Act, 1898.

distribution of water for agricultural, manufacturing, or other purposes, or for domestic or other consumption:

(xiv.) Tramways; railways; canals; docks:

(xv.) Jetties, piers, and landing places on rivers, lakes, the sea, or tidal waters, for facilitating transport of persons and of agricultural stock and produce, and of manure and other things required for agricultural purposes, and of minerals, and of things required for mining purposes:

(xvi.) Markets and market-places:

(xvii.) Streets, roads, paths, squares, gardens, or other open spaces for the use, gratuitously or on payment, of the public or of individuals, or for dedication to the public, the same being necessary or proper in connexion with the conversion of land into building land:

(xviii.) Sewers, drains, watercourses, pipe-making, fencing, paving, brick-making, tile-making, and other works necessary or proper in connexion with any of the objects aforesaid :

(xix.) T rial pits for mines, and other preliminary works necessary or proper in connexion with development of mines:

(xx.) Bridges :

(xxi.) Making any additions to or alterations in buildings reasonably necessary or proper to enable the same to be let:

(xxii.) Erection of buildings in substitution for buildings within an urban district taken by a local or other public authority, or for buildings taken under compulsory powers, but so that no more money be expended than the amount received for the buildings taken and the site thereof:

(xxiii.) Reconstruction, enlargement, or improvement of any of those works.

FOURTH SCHEDULE. Enactments Repealed.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

21 & 22 Yicfc. c. 44. - The Universities and College Estates Act, 1858.  1 Section one.  Sections three to twenty inclusive.  Sections twenty-two to twenty-five inclusive.  Section twenty-eight, from ‘ * Provided always that where ” to the end of the Bection.  The Schedule.

23 & 24 Yict. c. 59. . The Universities and College Estates Act Extension, 1860. The words “or grant” in the last proviso of section one.  Sections two, three, and six.

43 & 44Yict. c. 46. - The Universities and College Estates Amendment Act, 1880. Sub-section (3) of section two and the schedule.

1893.

Local Taxation Account (Scotland) Act, 1898.

Ch. 56

275

CHAPTER 56.

An Act to make provision in regard to the distribution and application of further sums from time to time paid to the Local Taxation (Scotland) Account.

[12th August 1898.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1.—(1.) During the continuance of the Agricultural Rates Further pay-Congested Districts and Burgh Land Tax Relief (Scotland) Act,

1896 (herein after referred to as the principal Act), there shall in (^oUand) each year be charged on and paid out of the Consolidated Fund of Account the United Kingdom, or the growing produce thereof, at such times ®93* 60 vict and by such instalments as the Treasury direct, to the Local c‘

Taxation (Scotland) Account, sums equal to the difference between the sums payable to that Account under the provisions of section three, sub-section one, of the principal Act, and a sum equivalent to seven-sixteenths of the total amount certified by the Secretary for Scotland as the amount to be taken for the purposes of this Act to have been raised by rates by county councils and parish councils in Scotland from the owners and occupiers of agricultural lands and heritages, as defined in the principal Act, during the local financial year ending the fifteenth day of May, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six.

(2.) The first payment under this section shall be made during the six months ending on the thirty-first day of March next after the passing of this Act, so as to make up a half-yearly payment to meet the payments out of the Local Taxation (Scotland) Account, which may be made during the six ensuing months.

2. The sums paid to the Local Taxation (Scotland) Account Applicatiou of under the immediately preceding section in respect of any year j^S^axatioiv shall be applied by or under the direction of the Secretary for (Scotland) Scotland in manner following (that is to say):— Account.

(1.) In distributing the sum of twenty thousand pounds among county councils and parish councils in Scotland as an addition to and in the same proportions as the amounts distributed to the said councils under the provisions of section four, sub-section three, of the principal Act:

(2.) In distributing the sum of twenty-five thousand pounds among the police authorities in Scotland as an addition to and in the same proportions as the amounts distributed to the said police authorities as a contribution to the cost of the pay and clothing of the police under the provisions of section twenty-two, sub-section three, of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 52 & 53 Vict. 1889: c*50-

S 2

Digitized by kjOOQie

276

Cu. 56, 57. Local Taxation Account ( ) 61 & 62 Vict.

Act, 1898.

57 & 58 Vict. c. 57.

55 & 56 Vict. c. 51.

58 & 54 Vict. c. 60.

Short title and construction.

Elementary school teachers certificated after commencement of the Act.

(3.) In applying the sum of fifteen thousand pounds for providing and maintaining vessels for marine superintendence and otherwise for the enforcement of the Scottish Sea Fisheries laws:

(4.) The balance shall be applied for purposes of secondary or technical (including agricultural) education in Scotland, and shall be distributed in such manner and in accordance with such conditions as may be set forth in minutes of the Scotch Education Department submitted to Parliament

Provided that all moneys paid under the provisions of the Diseases of Animals Act, 1894, out of or into the Local Taxation (Scotland) Account shall in account be charged against or credited to the sums distributable under section two, sub-section five, of the Education and Local Taxation Account (Scotland) Act, 1892, instead of being charged against or credited to the residue distributable under section two, sub-section three, of the Local Taxation (Customs and Excise) Act, 1890, and the enactments in this section mentioned shall be read and construed accordingly.

3. This Act may be cited as the Local Taxation Account (Scotland) Act, 1898, and shall be construed as one with the principal Act.

CHAPTER 57.

An Act to provide for Superannuation and other Annuities and Allowances to Elementary School Teachers certificated by the Education Department.

[12th August 1898.]

I) E it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1.—(1.) A teacher certificated after the commencement of this Act shall not be recognised by the Education Department as a certificated teacher until the Department are satisfied in the prescribed manner of his physical capacity.

(2.) In the case of a teacher who becomes a certificated teacher after the commencement of this Act, the following provisions shall, subject to rules under this Act, apply :—

(a.) His certificate shall expire on his attaining the age of sixty-five years, or if the Education Department, on account of his special fitness, allow his service to continue for a further limited time, then on the expiration of that limited time;

Digitized by LjOOQie

1898.

Elementary School Teachers ( annuation) Act, 1898.

Ch. 57.

277

(6.) The teacher shall, while serving in recorded service, contribute to the deferred annuity fund under this Act at the rate, if a man, of three pounds, and if a woman, of two pounds, a year, or at such increased rate as may for the time being be fixed by the Treasury in accordance with this Act;

(c.) On his attaining the age of sixty-five years, or on any later date at which his certificate expires, he shall he entitled, out of the deferred annuity fund, to such aunuity for the remainder of his life in respect of his contributions to that fund as may be fixed by the tables under this Act, but he shall not be entitled to any return of contributions or to any benefits in respect of his contributions other than that annuity;

( d.) On his attaining the age of sixty-five years, or on any later date at which his certificate expires, if he has contributed to the deferred annuity fund in accordance with this Act, and his years of recorded service are not less than half the number of years which have elapsed since he became certificated, the Treasury may grant to him, out of moneys provided by Parliament, an annual superannuation allowance calculated at the rate of ten shillings for each complete year of recorded service.

(3.) If at any time the Education Department find that the average salaries of the certificated teachers calculated in the prescribed manner exceed by ten per cent., in the case of men one hundred and nineteen pounds thirteen shillings and threepence, or in the case of women seventy-six pounds eleven shillings and ninepence per annum, they shall certify accordingly to the Treasury, and the Treasury may by warrant, in the case of either sex, increase the rate of contribution to the deferred annuity fund under this Act by an amount not exceeding five shillings a year for each full ten per cent, of the excess.

(4.) Any such certificate may be given and warrant made from time to time, and if in aDy year the Education Department consider that the average emoluments have been so reduced as no longer to justify any increase of contribution made by any such warrant, they may certify the same to the Treasury, and the Treasury may cancel their warrant accordingly.

(5.) “ Recorded service ” for the purposes of this Act shall be such service in the capacity of certificated teacher in a public elementary school, not being an evening school, as is recorded by the Education Department, and may include such service as is so recorded in the capacity, within the meaning of the Education Code, either of a teacher in a training college, or of organising teacher, or of teacher of a central class for pupil teachers, or in such other capacity in or connected with public elementary schools as may be for the time being prescribed, or in the capacity of a certificated teacher in a certified reformatory or industrial school; but no service after the teacher attains the age of sixty-five years, shall be recorded service for the purpose either of

Digitized by Google

278

Ch. 57. Elementary School Teachers {Super- 61 & 62 Yict. annuation) Act, 1898.

Allowances to incapacitated teacheis.

Colit ction of contributions an I deferred

contribution to the deferred annuity fund, or of determining the amount of any allowance under this Act.

2.—(1.) Where a teacher satisfies the Treasury in the prescribed manner that he—

(a) has served a number of years of recorded service not less than ten and not less than half the years which have elapsed since he became certificated; and

(5) has not at the date of the application been for more than the prescribed time unemployed in recorded service; and

(c) has become permanently incapable, owing to infirmity of mind or body, of being an efficient teacher in a public elementary school; and

(d) is not excluded by the prescribed disqualifications;

the Treasury may, subject to the prescribed conditions and to the provisions of this Act, grant to such teacher out of moneys provided by Parliament an annual allowance (in this Act called “ a disablement allowance ”) not exceeding—

(a) if the teacher is a man, twenty pounds for ten complete years of recorded service, with the addition of one pound for each complete additional year of recorded service; and

(b) if the teacher is a woman, fifteen pounds for ten complete years of recorded service, with the addition of thirteen shillings and fourpence for each complete additional year of recorded service; and

(c) in any cose, the total annual sum which the teacher might obtain from an annuity and superannuation allowance under this Act by continuing to serve until the age of sixty-five years.

(2.) If the grantee of a disablement allowance attains the age of sixty-five years, any annuity which would otherwise be payable to the grantee out of the deferred annuity fund shall, except where the allowance has ceased by reason of the grantee being again employed as a teacher in recorded service, be paid to the Treasury and applied as they direct towards the payment of disablement allowances, and, in that case, the Treasury shall not award any superannuation allowance to the grantee.

(3.) A disablement allowance shall be reconsidered by the Treasury at intervals not exceeding three years; and the rules shall provide for the suspension, cessation, or reduction of the allowance in whole or in part, if the prescribed conditions are not complied with or the prescribed disqualifications apply, and those disqualifications shall deal with the cases of persons who have caused or increased their infirmity by their own misconduct or default, or who marry or cease to be incapable, or become in such a position as not to be in pecuniary need of the allowance.

3.—(1.) The contributions under this Act from certificated teachers shall be paid to the Education Department at the prescribed time

Google

X

1898.

279

Elementary School Teachers ( -Ch. 57.

annuation) Act, 1898.

and in the prescribed manner by the teachers or their employers ; annuity fund and the receipt of the Education Department for the amount of arsing a contribution paid by the employer of a teacher shall be a good t ere rom* discharge for the like amount of remuneration otherwise payable to the teacher.

(2.) The contributions so received by the Education Department shall be paid to the National Debt Commissioners, and be invested by them so as to form a fund, in this Act referred to as “the deferred annuity fund.”

(3.) The National Debt Commissioners shall pay out of the fund to the Treasury the sums required by the Treasury for the payment of annuities under this Act, but otherwise shall invest the contributions, and all income of the fund for the time being, in any securities in which money held by the Commissioners on account of savings banks may be invested.

(4.) Separate subsidiary funds shall be kept in respect of the contributions and annuities of men and women teachers respectively, and any part of the assets of one subsidiary fund may be used for meeting the liabilities of the other, and in that case the amount lent by the one to the other shall be a debt bearing interest at the rate used for the computation of the tables for the time being in force under this Act.

(5.) A return showing the state of the fund at the end of every financial year, distinguishing the said accounts, shall be annually laid before Parliament.

(6.) At the end of every seven years an actuarial inquiry into and report upon the assets and liabilities of the fund shall be made under the direction of the Treasury and the Education Department, and the report shall bo laid before Parliament.

4. —(1.) The Treasury shall cause tables to be constructed, Tables of showing the amount of annuity payable out of the deferred annuity d<jferF?d fund to men and women teachers respectively in respect of the annm es* contributions made by them from time to time under this Act, and so framed as to secure the fund against loss.

(2.) If it appears from any actuarial report under this Act that the assets and liabilities of either account of the fund are such as either to require a reduction or to justify an increase of the annuities, the Treasury may cause fresh tables to be constructed, and those tables, when approved by the Treasury, shall come into force and shall be laid before Parliament, and the former tables shall cease to be in force, and so on from time to time as occasion requires.

5. With respect to the application of this Act to certificated teachers who became certificated before the commencement of this Act (in this Act referred to as “ existing teachers ”) the following provisions shall have effect:—

(1.) The Education Department shall, in the prescribed manner, give to each existing teacher the option, within the prescribed

Application of Act to existing teachers.

Google

280

Ch. 57.

Buies.

Elementary School Teachers ( -61 & 62 Vict

annuation) , 1898.

time, not being more than one year after the commencement of this Act, of accepting, in the prescribed manner, this Act.

(2.) If an existing teacher does not so accept this Act, it shall not apply to him. If an existing teacher does so accept this Act, it shall apply to him with the following modifications ; that is to say:—

(a) The rate of ten shillings upon which the superannuation allowance is calculated may be augumented in the case of a man by threepence, and in the case of a woman by twopence, for each complete year of recorded service served before the commencement of this Act;

(b) If the teacher has at the date of the acceptance attained the age of sixty-five years or any greater age, and has served in recorded service throughout the seven years next before the commencement of this Act, the provisions with respect to the expiration of the certificate shall apply as if the date of the acceptance were substituted for the date at which the teacher attained the age of sixty-five years;

(c) If the teacher has not at the date of the acceptance attained the said age, he must serve in recorded service after the commencement of this Act, and where, during any part of the seven years next before the commencement of this Act, he was not in recorded service, the duration of the recorded service after the commencement of this Act must not be less than the said part of the seven years.

(3.) Nothing in this section shall authorise the grant of any allowance to any teacher who at the commencement of this Act is in receipt of a pension out of moneys provided by Parliament for the service of education.

6.—(1.) The Treasury and the Education Department may make rules for carrying into effect this Act, and shall provide thereby—

(a) for permitting certificated teachers to pay contributions to the deferred annuity fund during any interval not exceeding six months in which they are not employed in recorded service, and for reckoning the time in respect of which such contributions are made, as if it were recorded service;

(b) for the application of an annuity or allowance under this Act when payable to a person who is of unsound mind, or otherwise incapable of giving a receipt;

(c) for the suspension of all or any part of an allowance when the grantee is wholly or partly maintained out of any public money; and

(d) for the payment of any sum under one hundred pounds doe on the death of a person without the production of probate or other proof of the title of the personal representative of such person.

Digitized by i^ooQLe

1898.

Elementary School Teachers (Superannuation Act, 1898.

Ch. 57.

281

(2.) All rules made under this section shall be laid, as soon as may be, before both Houses of Parliament.

7. Any question which arises as to the application of any section Decision of of this Act to any person, or as to the amount of any annuity or allowance under this Act, or as to the grant, refusal, suspension or Department, cessation of any such allowance, shall be referred to the Treasury,

and any question as to the reckoning of any service for any purpose of this Act shall be referred to the Education Department, and the decision of the Treasury or Education Department on any question so referred shall be final.

8. —(1-) Where the certificate of a teacher is suspended or Forfeiture for cancelled by the Education Department, the teacher shall not be mi8Com‘uct* entitled to any disablement allowance under this Act unless the certificate is restored by the Department.

(2.) Where the Education Department certify to the Treasury that a recipient of any superannuation allowance, or disablement allowance under this Act, has been proved to them to have been guilty of any act or conduct which, if he had continued to serve as a teacher, would have justified them in suspending or cancelling his certificate, the Treasury shall suspend or determine the allowance in whole or in part.

9.—(1.) Every annuity and allowance under this Act shall be As to payment payable quarterly at such times and payable and apportionable in and assignment such manner as the Treasury may fix. andaUowa^ces.

(2.) Every assignment of or charge on, and every agreement to assign or charge, any annuity or allowance to a teacher under this Act, whether payable presently or at some future date, shall be void, and on the bankruptcy of the teacher the annuity or allowance shall not pass to any trustee or other person acting on behalf of the creditors, but this provision shall be without prejudice to any order of the Court made under section fifty-three of the Bankruptcy Act, *6 & 47 Vic'. 1883, or any corresponding enactment in Scotland or Ireland. c> **•

10. If any person— Punishment

(а) for the purpose of obtaining for himself or any other foi-fraud and person any annuity or allowance under this Act, personates per80imtl0n-any person, or makes any false certificate, false representation,

or false statement, or makes use of any false certificate or document, false representation, or false statement, knowing the same to he false; or

(б) by means of any such false certificate, document, representation, or statement, or by other fraudulent means, or by any personation, obtains or attempts to obtain for himself or any other person any annuity or allowance under this Act,

he shall on conviction on indictment be liable to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for a term not exceeding two years.

Google

282

Ch. 57. Elementary School Teachers - 61 & 62 VicT.

annuation) Act, 1898.

Definitions.

33 & 34 Viet, c. 75.

Application to Scotland.

19 Sc 20 Viet,

c. 79.

35 Sc 36 Viet, c. 62.

Extent of Act*

and on summary conviction be liable to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for a term not exceeding three months, or to a fine not exceeding twenty-five pounds, and any penalty under this section may be in addition to any suspension or determination of his allowance under this Act.

For the purposes of this section the obtaining of an annuity or allowance includes the increase of any annuity or allowance, and the prevention or rescission of any cessation or suspension of an annuity or allowance, and the obtaining of any sum in respect of any annuity or allowance.

11. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires—

The expression “ certificated teacher ” means a teacher who is recognised under the Education Code as a certificated teacher for public elementary schools :

The expression “ certificate ” includes any document issued by the Education Department, which recognises a teacher as a certificated teacher:

The expression “ Education Code ” means such minutes of the Education Department as are for the time being in force for the purpose of the Elementary Education Act, 1870 :

The expression “ prescribed ” means prescribed by rules under this Act.

12. In the application of this Act to Scotland, the following provisions shall have effect:—

(1.) The expression “ Education Department ” means the Scotch Education Department, and the expression Education Code * means the Scotch Education Code:

(2.) The expression ** public elementary school ” means a public or other school in receipt of annual parliamentary grant:

(3.) Section one hundred and forty-nine of the Bankruptcy (Scotland) Act, 1856, shall be substituted for section fifty-three of the Bankruptcy Act, 1883:

(4.) The Education (Scotland) Act, 1872, shall be substituted for the Elementary Education Act, 1870 :

(5.) Nothing contained in or done under this Act shall apply to or affect any teacher of a public school in Scotland appointed before the passing of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1872, unless the teacher has accepted this Act in pursuance of the provisions of section five hereof :

(6.) It shall not be lawful for a school board in Scotland to grant under the powers conferred by section sixty-one of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1872, a retiring allowance payable out of the school fund to any teacher of a public school under their management who has accepted this Act in pursuance of the provisions of section five hereof, or to whom this Act otherwise applies.

13. This Act shall not extend to Ireland.

Google

1898.

283

Elementary School Teachers ( - Ch. 57, 58.

annuation) Act, 1898.

14. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of April Commence-next after the passing thereof, or on such day, not more than three ment of Act. months later, as may be fixed by Her Majesty in Council.

15. This Act may be cited as the Elementary School Teachers Short title. (Superannuation) Act, 1898.

CHAPTER 58.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Attendance of Registrars at Marriages in Nonconformist Places of Worship. [12th August 1898.]

EE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L—(1.) This Act may be cited as the Marriage Act, 1898, and Short title may be cited with the Marriage Acts, 1811 to 1886. struction

(2.) The term “ registered building,” wherever used in this Act, shall mean any building registered for solemnising marriages g & ? 4

therein under the Marriage Act, 1836. c. 85.

(3.) For the purposes of this Act, as applied to Roman Catholic registered buildings, the words “ trustees or governing body ” shall include the bishop or vicar general of the diocese.

2. This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland. Extent of

Act.

3. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of April Commence-

one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine. ment of Act‘

4. Notwithstanding anything contained in section twenty of Solemnisation the Marriage Act, 1836, marriages may be lawfully solemnised °fjt“^Jiages in the registered building named in the notice of the marriages and presence of in the superintendent registrar's certificate or certificate and licence registrar, issued pursuant to the provisions of the said Act, or any Act amending the same, between and by the parties described in the

notice and certificate or certificate and licence, according to such form and ceremony as they may see fit to adopt, without the presence of any registrar, but in the presence of such duly authorised person as herein-after mentioned, and subject in all other respects, excepting as is herein provided, to all the conditions and provisoes contained in the said Act and any Acts amending the same.

5. —(1.) Whenever a marriage is intended to be solemnised in Notices and a registered building, and the parties intending to contract the fonns-marriage have duly fulfilled all the conditions from time to time required by law to entitle the superintendent registrar to issue a certificate or certificate and licence authorising the marriage, and

the superintendent registrar does not receive notice, at the time

Google

284

Ch. 58.

Marriage Act, 1898.

61 & 62 Vict.

19 & 20 Vict c. 119.

Declarations to be made in presence of authorised person.

Register books and returns.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 86.

V

when the form of notice of marriage as required by law is given to him, that the parties intending to contract the marriage require a registrar to be present at the marriage, the superintendent registrar shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, issue under his hand to one of those parties a certificate, or certificate and licence, as the case may require, in accordance with the forms set forth in Schedules B. and C. annexed to the Marriage and Registration Act, 1856.

(2.) The superintendent registrar shall at the same time give to one of the parties intending to contract the marriage printed instructions in the prescribed form for the due solemnisation of the marriage.

6. —(1.) Where a marriage is solemnised under this Act each of the parties contracting the marriage shall in some part of the ceremony make the following declarations :—

“ I do solemnly declare that I know not of any lawful impediment why I, A.B., may not be joined in matrimony to C.D.”

And each of the parties shall say to the other the words following:—

“I call upon these persons here present to witness that I, A.B^ do take thee, C.D., to be my lawful wedded wiJfe [or husband],” or in lieu thereof the words following:—

“ I, A.B., do take thee, C.D., to be my wedded wife [or husband].”

(2.) The aforesaid declarations shall be made in the presence of the authorised person herein-after mentioned and two or more witnesses.

(3.) No marriage under this Act shall be solemnised in any registered building except in the presence of a person (in this Act referred to as an authorised person) certified as having been duly authorised for the purpose by the trustees or other governing body of the building, or of some registered building in the same registration district.

(4.) Where a person has been so authorised in respect of any registered building, the trustees or governing body of that building shall, within the prescribed time and in the prescribed manner, certify the name and address of the person or persons authorised for that building to the Registrar-General and to the superintendent registrar of the district in which the building is situate.

7. —(1.) In the case of the solemnisation of a marriage under this Act, the certificate or certificate and licence required by law shall be delivered to the authorised person in whose presence the marriage is solemnised, who shall, immediately after the marriage, register in duplicate in two of the marriage register books provided for the purpose the several particulars relating to the marriage according to the form in Schedule C. annexed to the Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1836, and every such entry shall be signed by the authorised person, and by the parties to the marriage, and by two witnesses; and all such entries shall be

Google

1898.

Marriage Act, 1898.

Ch. 58.

285

made in consecutive order from the beginning to the end of each book, and the numbers of the place of entry of each duplicate marriage register book shall be the same.

(2.) The Registrar-General shall, when so requested by the authorised person, or the trustees or governing body of any registered building in which marriages may be solemnised under this Act, supply a sufficient number, in duplicate, of such marriage register books and forms for certified copies thereof as may be required for the purposes of this Act.

(3.) A marriage under this Act shall not be solemnised in any registered building until duplicate register books have been so supplied.

(4.) If the Registrar-General is not satisfied with respect to any building registered, or proposed to be registered, for the solemnisation of marriages therein, that sufficient security exists for the due registration of marriages under this Act and for the safe custody of marriage register books, he may in his discretion attach to the continuance on the register or registration of the building a condition that no marriages under this Act shall be solemnised therein.

(5.) Section thirty-five of the Births and Deaths Registration 6 & 7 Will. Act, 1836, shall apply in the case of a person having the custody c- 86-of a marriage register book under rules made in pursuance of this Act, in like manner as it applies in the case of a rector, vicar, or curate.

8. The certificate or certificate and licence, as the case may be, Custody of

shall be kept in the prescribed custody, and shall be produced with and

the marriage register books as and when required by the Registrar-General.

9. The fees payable to the superintendent registrars under the Fees.

Marriage Act, 1836, and the Marriage and Registration Act, 1856, 6 & 7 wm. 4. in respect of marriages, whether with or without licence, shall be ®*98|* 20 vict payable in respect of marriages under this Act. c. 119.

10. Where the contracting parties give notice to the superin- Saving for tendent registrar that it is the wish of the parties to be married in "^dan^of * the presence of the district registrar, nothing in this Act contained registrar. * shall relieve the registrar from attendance at such marriage as now

by law required and the fulfilment of the duties now imposed by law, and in case of such attendance the registrar shall be entitled to the fees now authorised by law.

11. —(1.) The authorised person for a registered building shall, Provisions as to

in the months of April, July, October, and January respectively, ^pies.

make and deliver to the superintendent registrar of the district in

which the registered building is situate, on forms supplied by the Registrar-General, a true copy certified by him under his hand of all the entries of marriages in the register book since the date of the last certified copy, and if there has been no marriage registered in the book since that date, shall certify the fact under his hand

Google

286

Ch. 5&

Marriage Act, 1898.

61 & 62 Yict.

7 Will. 4. and 1 Viet. c. 22.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 86.

Offences.

Saving for Society of Friends and Jews.

provisions for' marriage in the Welsh tongue.

Repeal.

6*7 Will. 4. c. 85.

Buies.

on a form to be supplied by the Registrar-General, and shall in accordance with rules under this Act keep the marriage register books safely until they are filled.

(2.) The superintendent registrar shall pay or cause to be paid to the authorised person the sum of sixpence for every entry contained in the said certified copy, and tins sum shall be reimbursed to the superintendent registrar by the board of guardians of the union for which he is appointed.

(3.) When any such register book is filled, one copy thereof shall be delivered to the superintendent registrar of the district in which the registered building is situate, and the other shall be kept in the. prescribed custody.

(4.) Section twenty-nine of the Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1837, shall apply in the case of an authorised person in like manner as it applies in the case of a rector, vicar, or curate.

(5.) Every superintendent registrar shall four times in every year send to the Registrar-General the certified copies received by him under this section in the same manner and under the same conditions as are directed with respect to the certified copies of marriages solemnised in churches and chapels under the Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1836.

12. If any authorised person refuses or fails to comply with this Act, or the enactments or regulations for the time being in force with respect to the solemnisation and registration of marriages, he shall be guilty of an offence under this Act, and shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a penalty not exceeding ten pounds, or on conviction on indictment to imprisonment with or without hard labour for a term not exceeding two years or to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, and shall, upon conviction, cease to be an authorised person.

13. Nothing in this Act shall be taken to relate or have any reference to marriages solemnised in accordance with the practice and usages of the Society of Friends or of persons professing the Jewish religion.

14. Section twenty-three of the Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1837, relating to marriages in the Welsh tongue, shall apply in the case of marriages under this Act.

15. So much of sections thirty-nine and forty-two of the Marriage Act, 1836, as punishes the solemnisation of or renders void any marriage by reason of the absence of the registrar is hereby repealed in respect of any marriage authorised by and solemnised in accordance with this Act.

16. The Registrar-General may, with the approval of the Local Government Board, make rules with respect to—-

(a.) The forms to be used for the purposes of this Act;

(6.) The custody of documents required for the purposes of this Act;

Digitized by Google

1898.

Marriage Act, 1898.

Ch. 58, 59.

287

(c.) The duties of registrars, superintendent registrars, and authorised persons under this Act;

(d.) Any matter which may under this Act be prescribed ; and generally for carrying into effect the provisions of this Act.

17.—(1.) On the issue of any certificate for a marriage to be Temporary solemnised in accordance with this Act, the parties to the marriage provision as to shall pay to the superintendent registrar of the district in which the fees' registered building selected for the marriage is situate, an additional fee of six shillings and sixpence if the marriage is by licence, and otherwise a fee of four shillings. Provided that not more than one such fee shall be paid in respect of any one marriage.

(2.) Where there is only one registrar of marriages for the district, who was appointed before the passing of this Act, the superintendent registrar shall, at the end of each quarter, pay the fees so received by him to that registrar, and where there are more such registrars he shall, at the end of each quarter, divide the amount of the fees so received by him among those registrars in accordance with rules to be made under this Act.

(3.) This section shall not cont'nue in force for more than ten years from the commencement of this Act, and shall not apply to a district unless there is acting therein a registrar of marriages appointed before the passing of this Act.

CHAPTER 59.

An Act to extend to Borough and Urban District Councils the powers to guarantee Postal and Telegraphic Facilities already possessed by Rural Councils.

[12th August 1898.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and Borough and

with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the authority of the same, as follows : to guarantee

postal and

1. Where the council of any borough or any urban district telegraphic consider that it would be beneficial to the inhabitants of the fac“ItieB-borough or district that any post or telegraph office should be established or any additional facilities (postal or other) provided by the Postmaster-General in or for the purposes of such borough or district, the council may undertake to pay the Postmaster-General any loss he may sustain by reason of the establishment or maintenance of the office or the provision of the facilities, and any expenses incurred under this Act may be paid in the case of a borough out of the borough fund or borough rate, and in case of any urban district not a borough out of the rate out of which the general expenses of the council under the Public Health Act,

1875, are defrayed.

Digitized by v^ooQie

288

Ch. 59,60. Post Office Guarantee (No. 2) Act, 1898. 61&62Viot.

Application of Act.

Short title.

Detention of habitual drunkard guilty of crime.

Detention of habitual drunkard four times convicted of drunkenness.

2. This Act shall not apply to Scotland or Ireland.

3. This Act may be cited as the Post Office Guarantee (No. 2) Act, 1898, and may be cited with the Post Office Acts, 1837 to 1897.

CHAPTER 60.

An Act to provide for the treatment of Habitual Inebriates. [12th August 1898.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :

Criminal Habitual Drunkards.

1. —(1.) Where a person is convicted on indictment of an offence punishable with imprisonment or penal servitude, if the court is satisfied from the evidence that the offence was committed under the influence of drink or that drunkenness was a contributing cause of the offence, and the offender admits that he is or is found by the jury to be a habitual drunkard, the court may, in addition to or in substitution for any other sentence, order that he be detained for a term not exceeding three years in any State inebriate reformatory or in any certified inebriate reformatory the managers of which are willing to receive him.

(2.) In any indictment under this section it shall be sufficient, after charging the offence, to state that the offender is a habitual drunkard. In the proceedings on the indictment the offender shall, in the first instance, be arraigned on so much only of the indictment as charges the said offence, and, if on arraignment he pleads guilty or is found guilty by the jury, the jury shall, unless the offender admits that he is a habitual drunkard, be charged to inquire whether he is a habitual drunkard, and in that case it shall not be necessary to swear the jury again.

Provided that, unless evidence that the offender is a habitual drunkard has been given before he is committed for trial, not less than seven days' notice shall be given to the proper officer of the court by which the offender is to be tried and to the offender that it is intended to charge habitual drunkenness in the indictment

2. —(1.) Any person who commits any of the offences mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act, and who within the twelve months preceding the date of the commission of the offence has been convicted summarily at least three times of any offences bo mentioned, and who is a habitual drunkard, shall be liable upon conviction on indictment, or if he consents to bo dealt with

Google

1898.

Inebriates Act, 1898.

Ch. 60.

289

summarily on summary conviction, to be detained for a term not exceeding three years in any certified inebriate reformatory the managers of which are willing to receive him.

(2.) The Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879, shall apply to pro- 42 & 43 Viet ceedings under this section as if the offence charged were specified c*49, in the second column of the First Schedule to the said Act.

Inebriate Reformatories.

3. The Secretary of State may establish inebriate reformatories Power of

(in this Act called State inebriate reformatories), and for that °f

purpose may, with the approval of the Treasury, acquire any land, establish or erect or acquire any building, or appropriate the whole or any inebriate part of any building vested in him or under his control, and any reformatone8-expenses incurred under this section shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

4. The Secretary of State may make regulations for the rule Regulations and management of any State inebriate reformatory, and for the classification, treatment, employment, and control of persons sent to reformatories, it in pursuance of this Act, and for their absence under licence ;

and, subject to any adaptations, alterations, and exceptions made by such regulations, the Prison Acts, 1865 to 1898 (including the penal provisions thereof), shall apply in the case of every such reformatory as if it were a prison. Provided that no regulation shall authorise the infliction of corporal punishment in any State inebriate reformatory.

5. —(1.) The Secretary of State, on the application of the Estabiish-council of any county or borough or of any persons desirous of establishing an inebriate reformatory, may, if satisfied as to the inebriate fitness of the reformatory and of the persons proposing to maintain reformatories, it, certify it as an inebriate reformatory, and thereupon, while the certificate is in force, the reformatory shall be a certified inebriate reformatory within the meaning of this Act.

(2.) The Secretary of State may make regulations prescribing the conditions on which certificates under this section are to be granted and held, and the circumstances under which they may be withdrawn or resigned.

6. The Secretary of State may make regulations as to— Reflations ^

(а) the establishment, management, maintenance, and inspection c

of certified inebriate reformatories; reformatories.

(б) the classification, treatment, employment, and control of the inmates of certified inebriate reformatories, and the application of their earnings ;

(c) the transfer of such inmates from one certified inebriate reformatory to another, their absence under licence, and their discharge; and

(d) the transfer of inmates from a State inebriate reformatory to a certified inebriate reformatory, or in special cases from a certified inebriate reformatory to a State inebriate reformatory,

T

Digitized by LjOoq le

290

Ch. 60*

Inebriates Act, 1898.

61 & 62 Vict.

Inspectors.

Contribution by Treasury.

Contributions by councils of counties and boroughs.

45 & 46 Viet, c. 50.

Expenses of conveyance.

Powers of officers and arrest.

Power to recover expenses against inebriate's estate.

"\

and may thereby impose a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, with or without hard labour, for the breach of any such regulations.

In reckoning the period of detention of any person detained in a certified inebriate reformatory the time during which he is imprisoned under this section shall not be computed.

7. The Secretary of State may, with the consent of the Treasury as to number, appoint inspectors of certified inebriate reformatories and assign them such remuneration out of money provided by Parliament as the Treasury may determine.

8. The Treasury may contribute out of mouey provided by Parliament such sums and on such conditions as the Secretary of State recommends towards the expenses of the detention of persons in certified inebriate reformatories.

The council of any county or borough may contribute such sums, and on such conditions, as they think fit, towards, or may themselves undertake, the establishment or maintenance of a reformatory certified or intended to be certified under this Act, and may defray the whole or any part of the expenses of detention of any person in any certified inebriate reformatory, and two or more councils may combine for any such purpose.

(2.) The council of a borough may borrow for any such purpose in like manner as if it were a purpose for which they are authorised by section one hundred and six of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, to borrow.

10. The expense of conveying a person to a certified inebriate reformatory shall be defrayed by the police authority by whom or at whose instance he is conveyed, ahd shall be deemed part of the current expenses of that police authority.

11. —(1.) Every officer of a certified inebriate reformatory authorised in writing by the managers of the reformatory to take charge of any person ordered to be detained under this Act for the purpose of conveying him to or from the reformatory, or of apprehending and bringing him back to the reformatory in case of his escape or refusal to return, shall, for that purpose and while engaged in that duty, have all the powers, protections and privileges of a constable*

(2.) If any person ordered to be detained in a certified inebriate reformatory escapes therefrom, or from the charge of any person in whose charge he is placed under licence, before the expiration of his period of detention, he may be apprehended without warrant and brought back to the reformatory.

12. —(1.) If it is made to appear to a judge of county courts that any person detained in a State or certified inebriate reformatory has any real or personal property more than sufficient to maintain his family, if any, the judge may make an order for the payment of the expenses incurred in relation to the detention of

Google

1898.

Inebriates ,1898.

Ch. 60.

291

that person, and the order may be enforced against any property of that person in the same way as a judgment of the county court.

(2.) The order may be made on application—

(а) in the case of a person detained in a State inebriate reformatory, of such person as may be authorised by the Secretary of State in that behalf; and

(б) in the case of a person detained in a certified inebriate reformatory, of the managers of the reformatory, or any two of them, or of any authority contributing to the maintenance of such person.

Amendment of Habitual Drunkards Act, 1879.

13. As from the commencement of this Act, the local authority Transfer of under the Inebriates Acts, 1879 and 1888, as amended by this Act,

and the clerk of the local authority, shall be in a borough the oouaty council, borough council and the town clerk, and elsewhere the county & 48 Viet,

council and the clerk of the county council respectively, and a Viet,

county council may delegate any of their powers as such local c. 19. authority to a committee.

14. The council of any county or borough may contribute such Power to sums and on such conditions as they may think fit towards the establishment or maintenance of a retreat under the Inebriates Acts, 0 1879 and 1888, as amended by this Act, and two or more councils

may combine for any such purpose.

15. The period for which a licence may be granted under Period of section six of the Habitual Drunkards Act, 1879, shall be a period

not exceeding two years instead of a period not exceeding thirteen months.

16. In section ten of the Habitual Drunkards Act, 1879, a term Amendment of not exceeding two years shall be substituted for a term not exceeding ?i* 5 to^dmi?* twelve months, and one justice shall be substituted for two justices don to retreat, as the attesting authority to the signature of an applicant.

17. A person who is or has at any time been detained in a retreat Extension of may have his term of detention extended, or be re-admitted, in like {f™^fddeten' manner as a habitual drunkard may be admitted under section ten re-admis8ion. of the Habitual Drunkards Act, 1879, as amended by section

four of the Inebriates Act, 1888, and by this Act, except that the statutory declaration therein mentioned shall not be necessary, and that the attesting justice shall not be required to satisfy himself that the applicant is a habitual drunkard.

18. —(1.) If a patient escapes from a retreat, the time between Escape of his escape and his return to the retreat shall not be treated as patient, part of his term, of detention in the retreat.

(2.) A warrant under section twenty-six of the Habitual Drunkards Act, 1879, for the apprehension of a patient who has escaped from a person in whose charge he has been placed under licence, may be issued by any justice having jurisdiction in the place where that person resides.

T 2

Digitized by ^.ooQle

292

Ch. 60.

Inebriates Act, 1898.

61 & 62 Vict.

Death of patient absent under licence.

Power to make regulations.

42 Sc 43 Viet, c. 19.

Regulations to be hud before Parliament.

Application to inebriate reformatories of provisions of 9 & 10 Vict. c. 66.

Provision as to criminal habitual drunkards in Scotland.

19. —(1.) In case of the death of a patient absent from a retreat under licence, a statement of the cause of his death, with the name of any person present at the death, shall be drawn up and signed by a duly qualified medical practitioner, and copies thereof, duly certified in writing by the person in whose charge the patient had been placed, shall be by him transmitted to the coroner and to the registrar of deaths for the district, and to the clerk of the local authority, and to the person by whom the last payment was made for the deceased, or to one, at least, of the persons who signed the statutory declaration under section ten of the Habitual Drunkards Act, 1879.

(2.) If the person in charge of the patient fails to comply with the requirements of this section, he shall be guilty of an offence against the Habitual Drunkards Act, 1879.

20. —(1.) The Secretary of State may make regulations with respect to—

(а) the procedure on application for admission or re-admission into a retreat, or for the extension of the term of detention of a patient; and

(б) the medical or other curative treatment of patients in retreats, including the enforcement of such work as may be necessary for their health; and

(c) the inspection of retreats ; and

(d) any other matter necessary or proper for carrying into effect the provisions of this or any other Act with respect to retreats.

(2.) The regulations made under this section may prescribe forms to be used in substitution for any of the forms in the Second Schedule to the Habitual Drunkards Act, 1879.

Supplemental.

21. —(1.) A regulation made under this Act shall net come into effect until it has lain four weeks on the table of each House of Parliament whilst that House is sitting.

(2.) The making of any such regulations and the date at which they come into effect, shall be notified in the London Gazette.

22. Section one of the Poor Removal Act, 1846, shall apply to a person detained in or absent under licence from a State inebriate reformatory, or a certified inebriate reformatory, as if he were a prisoner in a prison within the meaning of that section.

23. —(1.) Where in Scotland a person is convicted on indictment of an offence punishable with imprisonment or penal servitude, if the court is satisfied from the evidence that the offence was committed under the influence of drink or that drunkenness was a contributing cause of the offence, and the offender admits that he is or is found by the jury to be a habitual drunkard, the court may, in addition to or in substitution for any other sentence, order that he be detained for a term not exceeding three years in any State inebriate reformatory or in any certified inebriate reformatory the managers of which are willing to receive him.

Google

1898.

Inebriates Act, 1898.

Ch. 60.

293

(2.) In the proceedings under an indictment in pursuance of this section, where at the first diet the accused has pleaded not guilty, at the second diet the jury shall in the first instance be sworn and the accused shall then be tried on so much only of the indictment as charges the said offence, and if he is found guilty, the same jury shall, unless the accused admits that he is a habitual drunkard, be re-sworn to inquire whether he is a habitual drunkard.

Where at the first diet the accused pleads guilty of the offence, but denies that he is a habitual drunkard, the plea shall be recorded, and at the second diet the jury shall be sworn to inquire whether he is a habitual drunkard.

(3.) This section shall be substituted in Scotland for section one of this Act:

24. —(1.) Any person who in Scotland commits any of the Power to offences mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act, and who det*jP j1 within the twelve months preceding the date of the commission inebriate of the offence has been convicted summarily at least three times of reformatory any offences so mentioned, and who is a habitual drunkard, may in Scotland-be tried on indictment before the High Court of Justiciary or the sheriff with a jury, or with his own consent by the sheriff summarily,

and shall be liable on conviction to be detained for a term not exceeding three years in any certified inebriate reformatory the managers of which are willing to receive him.

(2.) This section shall be substituted in Scotland for section two of this Act.

25. In the application of this Act to Scotland, the following Adaptations

further modifications shall be made:— to Scotland.

(a.) References to the Secretary of State shall be construed as references to the Secretary for Scotland ;

(6.) The person vested with the title to any available poorhouse may, with the consent of the Secretary for Scotland, and subject to such conditions and for such term as may be approved of by him, give the use of the whole or any part thereof for the purposes of an inebriate reformatory;

(c.) A reference to the Prisons (Scotland) Act, 1877, and the *2 & 48 Viet, rules thereunder shall be substituted for a reference to the c*58# Prisons Acts, 1865 to 1898;

(d.) For references to a borough and the borough council shall be substituted reference to a burgh and the town council thereof,

“ burgh ” shall include police burgh, and “ town council ” shall include burgh commissioners, and “town clerk” shall include clerk of the burgh commissioners;

(e.) For the purpose of raising money by rate or loan in order to defray expenditure under this Act county councils and town councils shall have the same powers as if a certified inebriate reformatory were a certified reformatory within the meaning of the Reformatory Schools Act, 1866; 29 * 80 vict-

(/.) The reference to the Poor Removal Act, 1846, shall not c* apply, but in any computation of time for the purpose of ascertaining the settlement of any pauper the time during

Digitized by ^ ooQie

294

Ch. 60.

Inebi'iate8 1898.

61 & 62 Vicr.

Adaptation to Ireland.

18 & 19 Tict. e. 126.

Definitions*

which he has been detained in an inebriate reformatory shall be reckoned as time spent by him as a prisoner;

(g.) References to a judge of county courts shall be construed as references to the sheriff. References to the coroner shall be construed as references to the procurator fiscal; and references to the London Gazette shall be construed as references to the Edinburgh Gazette.

26. In the application of this Act to Ireland the following modifications shall be made:—

(a.) References to the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879, and the offences specified in the second column of the First Schedule to that Act shall be construed as references to the Criminal Justice Act, 1855, and the offences specified in section one of that Act;

(b.) For section three of this Act shall be substituted the following provision, namely :—

The Lord Lieutenant of Ireland may establish State inebriate reformatories, and for that purpose may, with the approval of the Treasury, either authorise the Prisons Board to acquire any land, or to erect or acquire any building, or appropriate the whole or any part of any building vested in or under the control of the Prisons Board; and any expenses incurred under this section shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament;

(c.) Subject a9 aforesaid, references to the Secretary of State shall be construed as references to the Lord Lieutenant;

( d.) A reference to the Prisons (Ireland) Acts, 1826 to 1884, shall be substituted for a reference to the Prisons Acts, 1865 to 1898;

(< e.) For references to a borough and the council of a borough there shall be substituted references to a county borough and the council of a county borough ;

(/.) For the purposes of section nine of this Act, the council of a county borough may, with the consent of the Local Government Board for Ireland, borrow at interest on the security of any corporate land or of the borough fund or borough rate, or of all or any of those securities, such sums as the council think requisite;

( g.) The expenses of conveying persons to and from certified inebriate reformatories shall be defrayed in like manner as the expenses of conveying prisoners to and from prisons;

(h.)References to the London Gazette shall be construed as references to the Dublin Gazette ; •

(i.) The reference to the Poor Removal Act, 1846, shall not apply.

27. Iu this Act, unless the context otherwise requires,—

The expression " managers,” in relation to a certified inebriate reformatory shall mean any persons having the management or control of the reformatory :

Digitized by v^ooQle

1898.

Inebriates Act, 1898.

Ch. 60.

295

The expression “ expenses,” in relation to the detention of a person in a certified inebriate reformatory, shall include the expenses of his .custody and maintenance, whether in the reformatory or when absent therefrom under licence, and any other expenses directed by this Act, or by any order made thereunder to be defrayed by the managers, and also any expenses incurred by the managers in assisting him to return to his home or place of settlement on the expiration of his term of detention:

The expression “ patient ” shall mean a person who has been admitted into a retreat, and whose term of detention has not expired or been concluded by his discharge.

28. The Act mentioned in the Second Schedule to this Act is Repeal, hereby repealed to the extent appearing in the third column of that schedule.

29. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of Commence-

January, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine. ment of Act*

80. This Act may be cited as the Inebriates Act, 1898, and shall Short title, be construed as one with the Inebriates Acts, 1879 and 1888, 42 & 43 vict. and those Acts and this Act may be cited together as the Inebriates ®*. I?' xr . Acts, 1879 to 1898. c i*

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE Sections 2,24.

Description of Offence.

Statute enacting Offence.

Being found drunk in a highway or other public , place, whether a building or not, or on licensed premises ....

Being guilty while drunk of riotous or disorderly behaviour in a highway or other public place, whether a building or not

Being drunk while in charge, on any highway or other public place, of any carriage, horse, cattle, or steam-engine -

.Licensing Act, 1872 (35 &30 Viet. c. 94.), s. 12.

Being! drunk when in possession of any loaded firearms .....

Refusing or failing when drunk to quit licensed Licensing Act, 1872 (35 & premises when requested. 36 Yict. c. 94.), s. 18.

Refusing or failing when drunk to quit any Refreshment Houses Act, premises or place licensed under the Refresh- 1860 (23 & 24 Yict. ment Houses Act, 1860, when requested. 1 c. 27.), s. 41.

Digitized by Google

296

Cm. 60.

Inebriated Act, 1S98.

61 & 62 Vict.

Description of Offence.

Statute enacting Offence.

Being found drunk in anv street or public thoroughfare within the Metropolitan Police District, and being guilty while drunk of any riotous or indecent behaviour.

Being drunk in any street, and being guilty of riotous or indecent behaviour therein.

Being intoxicated whilo driving a hackney carriage.

Being drunk during employment as a driver of a haokney carriage, or as a driver or conductor of a stage carriage in the Metropolitan Police District.

Being drank and persisting, after being refused admission on that account, in attempting to enter a passenger steamer -

Being drunk on board a passenger steamer, and refusing to leave such steamer when requested

Being found in a state of intoxication and incapable of taking care of himself, and not under the care or protection of some suitable person, in any street, thoroughfare, or public place.

Being in any street drunk and incapable and not nnder the care and protection of some suitable person.

Being drank while in charge in any slreot or other place of any carriage, horse, cattle, or steam engine, or when in possession of any loaded firearms.

Being found in any shebeen drank

Refusing or neglecting when drank to quit any premises or place licensed under the Refreshment Houses (Ireland) Act, 1860, when requested.

Being drunk in any street or public thoroughfare within the Dublin police district, or being guilty, while drank, of any riotous or indecent behaviour.

Being found drunk in any street, square, lane, road, way, or other public thoroughfare or place.

All similar offences in local Acts.

Metropolitan Police Act, 1839 (2 A 3 Yict. c. 47.), s. 58.

Town Police Clauses Act, 1847 (10 A 11 Yict. c. 89.), s. 29.

Town Police Clauses Act, 1847 (10 A 11 Yict. c. 89.), s. 61.

London Hackney Carriages Act, 1843 (6 A 7 Vict. c. 86.), s. 28.

Merchant Shipping Act, 1894 (57 A 68 Yict. c. 60.), s. 287.

Public Houses Acts Amendment (Scotland) Act, 1862 (25 A 26 Yict. c. 35.), s. 23.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892 (55 A 56 Vict. c. 55.), s. 381.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892 (55 A 56 Vict. c. 55.), s. 380.

Public Houses Acts Amendment (Scotland) Act, 1862 (25 A 26 Vict. c. 35.), s. 19.

Refreshment Houses (Ireland) Act, 1860(23 A 24 Yict. c. 107.), s. 42.

Dublin Police Act, 1842 (5 A 6 Yict. c. 24.), s. 15.

Licensing (Ireland) Act, 1836 (6 A 7 Will. 4, c. 38.), s. 12.

Digitized by Qle

1898.

Inebriates 1898.

Ch. 60, 61.

297

SECOND SCHEDULE. Enactments repealed.

Section 28.

Session and Chapter.

Short Title.

Extent of Repeal.

42 & 43 Yict. c. 19. - The Habitual Drunkards Act, 1879.

Section twenty-one, from “An “ unauthorised absence ” to the end of the section.

The First Schedule.

As from the date at which new forms substituted under ibis Act come into effect, the Second Schedule and the roferences thereto in sections six and ten.

CHAPTER 61.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. [12th August 1898.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

"TT7E, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the v» Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the i88ae of United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards 42,969,470/. making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of JJnJJijSJted the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand Fund, eight hundred and ninety-nine, the sum of forty-two million nine hundred and sixty-eight thousand four hundred and seventy pounds.

2. The Treasury may borrow from any person, and the Bank of power for England may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said the Treasury sum, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of forty- 10 borrow-two million nine hundred and sixty-eight thousand four hundred

and seventy pounds, and the Treasury shall repay the moneys so borrowed, with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per

Grant out of Consolidated Fund.

298

Ch. 61.

Appropriation , 1898.

61 & 62 Yict.

annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fond at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any moneys so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

Appropriation of sums voted for supply services and of sums applied as appropriations in aid.

54 & 55 Viet, c. 24.

Treasury may, in eertain oases of exigency, authorise expenditure unprovided fori provided that die aggregate grants for the navy servioes and for the army services respectively be not exceeded.

V

Appropriation of Grants.

3. All sums grauted by this Act and the other Acts mentioned in Schedule (A.) annexed to this Act out of the said Consolidated Fund towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty, amounting, as appears by the said schedule, in the aggregate, to the sum of eighty-two million one hundred thousand nine hundred and sixty-one pounds seventeen shillings and one penny are appropriated and shall be deemed to have been appropriated as from the date of the passing of the first of the Acts mentioned in the said Schedule (A.) for the services and purposes expressed in Schedule (B.) annexed hereto.

The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed hereto, with the notes (if any) to such schedules, shall be deemed to be part of this Act in the same manner as if they had been contained in the body thereof.

In addition to the sums hereby granted out of the Consolidated Fund, there may be applied out of any money directed under section two of the Public Accounts and Charges Act, 1891, to be applied as appropriations in aid of the grants for the services and purposes specified in Schedule B. annexed hereto, the sums respectively set forth in the last column of the said schedule.

4. If a necessity arise for incurring expenditure not provided for in the sums appropriated to naval and military services by this Act, and which it may be detrimental to the public service to postpone until provision can be made for it by Parliament in the usual course, each of the departments entrusted with the control over the said services shall forthwith make application in writing to the Treasury for their authority to defray temporarily such expenditure out of any surpluses which may have been or which may be effected by the saving of expenditure upon votes within the same department, and in such application the department shall represent to the Treasury the circumstances which may render such additional expenditure necessary, and thereupon the Treasury may authorise the expenditure unprovided for as aforesaid to be temporarily defrayed out of any surpluses which may have been or which may be effected as aforesaid upon votes within the same department; and a statement showing all cases in which the naval and military departments have obtained the sanction of the Treasury to any expenditure not provided for in the respective votes aforesaid, accompanied by copies of the representations made to them by the said departments, shall be laid before the House of Commons with the appropriation accounts of navy and army services for the year, in order that such proceedings may be submitted for the sanction of Parliament, and that provision may

Google

1898.

Appropriation A , 1898.

Ch. 61.

299

be made for the deficiencies upon the several votes for the said services in such manner as Parliament may determine.

The Treasury shall not authorise any expenditure which may cause an excess upon the aggregate sums appropriated by this Act for naval services and for army services respectively.

5. Whereas the Treasury, under the powers vested in them by Sanction for the Appropriation Act, 1896, have authorised expenditure not provided for in the sums appropriated by the said Act to certain 1896-97 unvotes for naval and military services for the year ended on the provided for. thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety- 59 & Viet seven to be temporarily defrayed out of surpluses effected by the c* 46‘ saving of expenditure on other votes for naval and military services

for the said year; viz.,

1st. A sum of three hundred and fifteen thousand six hundred and thirty pounds seventeen shillings and fourpence for navy services out of the unexpended balances of certain votes:

2nd. A sum of one hundred and twenty-four thousand eight hundred and nine pounds twelve shillings and fivepence for army services out of the unexpended balances of certain votes:

It is enacted that the application of the said sums is hereby sanctioned.

6. A person shall not receive any part of a grant which may be Declaration

made in pursuance of this Act for half-pay or army, navy, or civil non-effective services, until he has subscribed such declaration as before receipt may from time to time be prescribed by a warrant of the Treasury of sums before one of the persons prescribed by such warrant. appropriated.

Provided that, whenever any such payment is made at more frequent intervals than once in a quarter, the Treasury may dispense with the production of more than one declaration in respect of each quarter.

Any person who makes a declaration for the purpose of this section, knowing the same to be untrue in any material particular, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor.

7. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Appropriation Short title. Act, 1898.

ABSTRACT

OP

SCHEDULES (A.) and (B.) to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A)

£

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund ... 82,100,961 17 1

Digitized by CjOOQle

300

Ch. 61

Appropriation , 1898.

61 & 62 Vict.

Sohbd. (A.)

X

SCHEDULE (B.)—Appropriation of Grants.

1897-98.

Part 1. Civil Services Excesses, 1896-97 » 2. Army (Supplementary), 1897-

„ 3. Civil Services and Revenue Departments (Supplementary), 1897-98 - -

1898-99.

Part 4. Navy - .

n **' { Army (Ordnance Factories) -

99 6. Civil Servioes, Class I.

99 7. Ditto, Class IL

99 8. Ditto, Class in.

99 9. Ditto, Glass IV.

99 10. Ditto, Class V.

99 11. Ditto, Class VI.

99 12. Ditto, Class TO.

Total Civil Sxbvices •

n 13. Revenue Departments, Ac. Gbahd Total

Sams not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations io Aid.

£ s. d. £ «. d.

288 17 1 1.557 19 2

1,290,000 0 0 15,000 0 0

865,651 0 0 6,300 0 0

2,155,939 17 1 22,857 19 2

23,778,400 0 0 955,422 0 0

19,220,500 0 0 3,139,099 0 0

100 0 0 2,921,900 0 0

1,935,431 0 0 78,220 0 0

2,180,616 0 0 444,065 0 0

8,759,092 0 0 668,991 0 0

11,965,796 0 0 76,560 0 0

1,263,456 0 0 123,620 0 0

711,539 0 0 182 0 0

102,934 0 0 7,100 0 0

21,818,864 0 0 1,898,738 0 0

15,027,158 0 0 406,539 0 0

82,100,961 17 1 8,844,555 19 2

SCHEDULE (A.)

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund.

For the service of the yenra ended on the 31st March 1897 and blunder Act 61 Vict. c. 3. - - - - 2,155,939 17 1

For the service of the year ending 31st March 1899:— Under Act 61 Vict c. 3. -Under Act 61 A 62 Vict. o. 32.

Under this Act ...

26,052,200 0 0 10,924,352 0 0 42,968,470 0 0

Total .... £82,100,961 17 1

Google

1898.

Appropriation Act, 1898.

Ch. 61.

301

SCHEDULE (B.)—Part 1.

Schjcd. (B.) Pam 1.

Civil Services Excesses, 1896-97.

Sum granted to make good excesses on certain grants for Civil Services for the year ended 31st March 1897; viz.:—

Civil Services

Excesses,

1896-97.

Sums not exceeding

Supply  Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Class III. £ . d. £ s. d.

Law charges, England «... County Courts ------ 10 0 0 10 0 0 506 14 11  1,051 4 3

Class IV.

Pablic Education, Ireland - 268 17 1 —

Total - - - 288 17 1 1,557 19 2

SCHEDULE (B.V-Part 2. Scm®. (B.)

Part 2.

Army Supplementary, 1897-98. Army

Supple-

mentary,

1897-98.

Sum granted to meet additional expenditure for Army Services for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1898; viz.

£

Volunteer Corps, pay and allowances Transport and remounts Provisions, forage, and other supplies Clothing establishments and services Warlike and other stores -Works, Buildings, and Repairs - 263,000  - 130,000  - 176,000  - 220,000 • 413,000 - 103,000

Appropriation in Aid (Vote 1) 1,305,000 - 15,000

Total - £1,290,000

302

Ch. 61.

Appropriation Act, 1898.

61 & 62 Yicr.

Soh^CBO SCHEDULE (B.)—Part 3.

Civil Services OlYIL SERVICES AND REVENUE DEPARTMENTS (SUPPLEMENTABY), (Supple- 1897-98.

mentary), Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted to defray the charges for the 1897-98. Services herein particularly mentioned for the year ended on the 31st

day of March 1898; viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

CIVIL SERVICES.

Class I.

For maintaining certain harbours, lighthouses, Ac., under the Board of Trade, including a grant in aid - - - - - .

Class HI.

For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Irish Land Commission -

Class IV.

For public education in England and Wales -For public education in Scotland -

Supply  Grants. Approbation* m Aid.

£ £

1,647 -

5,000 -

20,710

12,500 —

Class V.

For the expenses of Her Majesty's embassies and missions abroad, and of the consular establishments abroad, and other expenditure chargeable on the Consular Vote -

For grants in aid of expenses connected with tho British Protectorates in Uganda and in Central and East Africa and under the Uganda Railway

Act, 1896 ......................................

For sundry Colonial services, including certain grants in aid ..... For making good the net loss on transactions connected with the raising of money for the various Treasury chests abroad in the year 1896-7

84,500

85,000

281,500

1,533

-4,500*

Class VI.

For making good the sum by which the interest accrued in the year ended 20th November 1897, from securities held by the National Debt Commissioners, on account of “The Fund for the Banks for Savings ” and “ The Fund for Friendly Societies ” was insufficient to meet the interest which the said Commissioners are obliged by statute to pay and credit to trustees of savings banks and to friendly societies; and also the sum by which the interest accrued in the years ended 31st December 1896 and 31st December 1897, from securities held by the National Debt Commissioners on account of “ The Post Office Savings Banks Fund,” was insufficient to meet the interest which the said Commissioners are obliged by statute to pay and credit to depositors and the expenses incurred during those years in the execution of Acts relating thereto

* Deficiency.

46,424

Google

1898.

Appropriation Act, 1898.

Ch. 61.

80S

Class VII.

For expenditure in connexion with certain public works and for improved communications and other purposes within the Highlands and Islands of Scotland, including a grant in aid For making good certain sums written off from the assets of the local loans fund ... For a grant to the Highland Bailway Company in aid of the cost of constructing a line of railway and certain piers, &c. ....

For certain expenditure, including sundry grants in aid, in connexion with the relief of distress in Ireland ......

For a grant in aid of the expenses of the Royal Commission for the British section at the Paris International Exhibition of 1900 •

For the redemption of land tax on Government property .....

Sums not exceeding

Supply Appropria-G rants. tions in Aid.

£

£

SCHBD. (B.)

' Past 3.

Civil Services (Supplementary), 1897-98.

2,810

44,789

45,000

23,038

20,000

100,000

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS.

For the salaries and expenses of the Post Office Services, the expenses of Post Office Savings Banks, and Government Annuities and In* snrasces, and the collection of the Post Office Revenues -

For the salaries and working expenses of the Post Office Telegraph Services - - - -

Total, Civil Services and )

Revenue Departments J

45,000 —

96,200 10,800

865,651 6,300

SCHEDULE (B.)—Part 4.

NAVY.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may bo applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Navy Services herein particularly mentioned, which wul come in course of payment daring the year ending on the 31st day of March 1899; viz.:—

Schxd. (B.) Past 4.

Navy.

No.

1. For wages, Ac. to 106,390 officers, seamen, and boys, coastguard, and Royal marines -

Sums not exceeding

Supply  Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ £

4,983,000 117,185

304

Ch. 61.

Appropriation Act, 1898.

61 & 62 Vict.

Schkd. (B.) Part4.

Nary.

Sums not exceeding

Supply  Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No.  2. For the expense of victualling and clothing for the navy, including the cost of victualling establishments at home and abroad - £  1,491,700 £  429,625

8. For medical services, including the cost of medical establishments at home and abroad 167,000 23,900

4. For martial law, indnding the eost of naval prisons at home and abroad 11,400 27

5. For educational services ... 86,600 29,427

6. For scientific services .... 67,200 12,429

7. For the expense of the roval naval reserve, and the retired officers and seamen pensioner reserve -  257,000 113

8. Sect. 1. For the expense of the personnel for shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance, &c., including the cost of establishments of dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad ..... 2,218,000 12,915

„ Sect. 2. For the expense of the materiel for shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance, Ac., including the cost of establishments of dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad 2,971,000 *161,000

„ Sect. 3. For the expense of contract work for shipbuilding, repairs, Ac. ... 5,612,000 37,440

9. For naval armaments - 2,549,200 35,500

10. For works, buildings, and repairs at home and abroad, including the cost of superintendence, purchase of sites, grants in aid, and other charges connected therewith 650,100 7,000

11. For miscellaneous effective services 232,900 104127

12. For the expense of the Admiralty Office 247,700 9,000

13. For half-pay, reserved and retired pay to officers of the navy and marines 752,500 12,303

14. For naval and marine pensions, gratuities, and compassionate allowances - 1,082,900 21,908

15. For civil pensions and gratuities 332,900 423

16. For the expense necessary to be provided for under the arrangement made between the Imperial and Australasian Governments for the protection of floating trade in Austra-losian waters  60,300 35,000

Total Navt Sxkvicss • £ 23,778,400 955,422

Google

1898.

Appropriation ,1898.

Cff. 61.

305

SCHEDULE (B.)—Part 5. Schkd. (B.)

Pact 5.

ARMY. Army.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Abkt Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1899 j viz.:—

Sums not exoeeding

No.

1. For the pay, allowances, and other charges of

Her Majesty's Army at home and abroad (exclusive of India), and of the general staff, regiments, and reserve (to a number not exceeding 83,000), and departments -

2. For the pay, &c. of medical establishments and

for medicines -

3. For the pay, bounty, Ac. of the militia (to a

number not exceeding 134,243, including 30,000 militia reserve) -

4. For the pay and miscellaneous charges of the

yeomanry cavalry -

5. For capitation grants and miscellaneous charges

of volunteer corps, including pay, Ac. of the permanent staff ....

6. For the expense of transport and remounts

7. For provisions, forage, and other supplies

8. For clothing establishments and services

9. For the supply and repair of warlike and other

stores ------

10. For the Royal Engineer superintending staff,

and expenditure for Royal Engineer works, buildings, and repairs at home and abroad

11. For establishments for military education

12. For miscellaneous effective services

13. For the salaries and miscellaneous charges of

the War Office -

14. For retired pay, half-pay, and other non-

effective charges for officers and others

15. For Chelsea and Kilmainham hospitals, and the

in-pensioners thereof, for out-pensions, for the maintenance of lunatics for whom pensions are not drawn, and for gratuities awarded in commutation and in lieu of

pensions, for rewards for meritorious services, for Victoria Cross pensions, and for pensions to the widows and children of warrant officers, exclusive of charges on India 16. For superannuation, compensation, and compassionate allowances, and gratuities •

Supply  Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ £

6,266,400 1,160,000

295,800 1,300

553,000 15,600

75,000 10

614,200  710,400  3,352,600  862,000 500  22,700  39,600  433,600

1,972,000 401,900

1,020,700  118,200  54,300 154,945  64,100  7,300

245,200 50

1,567,800 370,406

1,335,600 466,935

177,300 153

Total Abut Services

£ 19,220,500

3,

139,090

u

Google

r

m

Ch. 61.

Appropriation 1898.

61 & 62 Vwt.

Schxd. (B.) Past 5.

Army.

Sums not exceeding

Supply | Appropra-

Grants. I tions in Ail

Army (Ordnance Factories). !

For the expense of the ordnance factories, the cost of productions of which is charged to the army, navy, and Indian and Colonial Governments - £ £

100 2,921,900

Total Army Services (including Ordnance \ Factories) - - - - £ / 19,220,600 6,060,999

SCHEDULE (B.)—Past 6.

Civil Services. CIVIL SERVICES.^-CLASS I.

Class 1.

Schedule of Sums granted and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1899; viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

No.  1. For expenditure in respect of royal palaces and Marlborough House - 1  Supply  Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£  58,000 £  410

2. For the royal parks and pleasure gardens 115,000 5,352

3. For expenditure in respect of the Houses of Parliament buildings  34,000 300

4. For expenditure in respect of miscellaneous legal buildings, viz.. County Courts, England, and Sheriff Court Houses, Scotland - 52,000 1,250

5. For expenditure in respect of Art and Science buildings, Great Britain - 30,000 30

6. For expenditure in respect of diplomatic and consular buildings, and for the maintenance of certain cemeteries abroad (including a supplementary sum of 25,000Z.) - 53,000 500

7. For the Customs, Inland Revenue, Post Office, and Post Office Telegraph buildings in Great Britain, and certain Post Offices abroad, including furniture, fuel, and sundry miscellaneous services ... 356,000 4,400

8. For expenditure in respect of sundry public buildings in Great Britain not provided for on other votes - 271,000 14,600

9. For the survey of the United Kingdom, and for minor services connected therewith - 209,672 24,283

10. For maintaining certain harbours, lighthouses, Ac. under the Board of Trade ... 21,571 2,675

Google

1898.

Appropriation Act, 1898.

Ch. 61.

307

Sums not exceeding

Supply Appropria-

Grants. tions in Aid.

No. £ £

11. For constructing a new harbour of refuge at Peterhead - 22,000 1

12. For rates and contributions in lieu of rates, &o., in respect of Government property, and for rates on houses occupied by Representatives of Foreign Powers, and for salaries and expenses of the rating of Government property department, and For a contribution towards the expense of the Metropolitan Fire Brigade - 414,003 17,620

13. For the erection, repairs, and maintenance of public buildings in Ireland, for the maintenance of certain parks and public workB, and for drainage works on the River Shannon 206,978 6,800

14. For payments under the Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883, and the Light Railways (Ireland) Acts, 1889 and 1893, and the Railways (Ireland) Act, 1896 92,207

Total Civil Services, Class I. - 1,935,431 78,220

Sghbd. (B.) Past 6.

Civil Services. Class L

SCHEDULE (B.)—Pabt 7.

CIVIL SERVICES.—Class II.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1899; viz.:—

Scued. (B.)

Part 7. Civil Servioes. Class II.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Appropria-

Grants. tions in Aid.

No.  1. For salaries and expenses in the offices of the £ £

House of Lords .... 2. For salaries and expenses in the offices of the 14,107 28,000

House of Commons -3. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Treasury and subordinate 30,005 28,000

departments - 89,440 j 3,100

4. For salaries and expenses of the office of Her  Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department and subordinate offices -  5. For salaries and expenses of the department of  Her Majesty's Secretary of State for Foreign  7,000

128,156

Affairs- - - 72,971 650

U 2

Google

308

Ch. 61.

Appropriation Act, 1898.

61 & 62 Vicr.

SCHBD. (B.)

Past 7. Civil Services. Class IL

No.

6. For salaries and expenses of the department of

Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Colonies, including a grant in aid of certain expenses connected with Emigration

7. For salaries and expenses of the department

of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council .....

8. For salaries and expenses of the office of the

Committee of Privy Council for Trade, and subordinate departments ...

9. For a grant in aid of the Mercantile Marine

Fund ------

10. For meeting the deficiency of income from fees,

Ac. for the requirements of the Board of Trade, under the Bankruptcy Acts, 1883 and 1890, and the Companies Winding-up Act, 1890 ................................

11. For the salaries and expenses of the Board of

Agriculture, and for paying certain grants in aid ------

12. For salaries and expenses of the Charity Com-

mission for England and Wales, including the Endowed Schools department -

13. For salaries and expenses of the Civil Service

Commission .....

14. For salaries and expenses of the department of

the Comptroller and Auditor General

15. For salaries and expenses of the Registry of

Friendly Societies -

16. For salaries and expenses of the Local Govern-

ment Board .....

17. For salaries and expenses of the office of the

Commissioners in Lunacy in England

18. For salaries and expenses of the Mint, including

the expenses of the ooinage -

19. For salaries and expenses of the National Debt

Office -----

20. For salaries and expenses of the Public Record

Office in England ...

England

Debates

Sums not exceeding

Supply  Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ £

43,250 —

12,255 1,500

189,544 8,945

47,525 —

10 134,875

105,726 7,500

40,787 —

41,747 —

60,734 8,529

8,159 —

197,085 4,800

14,432 1,115

52 83,000

14,362 2,041

23,372 —

i 1,995  i 8,000

39,982  [  i 7,400

i  r  570,535 95,155

Google

1898.

Appropriation , 1898.

C u. 61.

309

No.

24. For salaries and expenses of the office of Her

Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and of the office of Land Revenne Records and Inrolments ...

25. For salaries and expenses of the office of the

Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings -

26. For Her Majesty's foreign and other secret

services -

27. For salaries and expenses of the office of

Her Majesty's Secretary for Scotland and subordinate offices ...

28. For salaries and expenses of the Fishery Board

for Scotland, and for grants in aid of piers or quay s -

29. For salaries and expenses of the Board of

Lunacy in Scotland ...

30. For salaries and expenses of the department

of the Registrar General of Births, &c. in Scotland -

31. For salaries and expenses of the Local Govern-

ment Board for Scotland, and for expenses under the Public Health Acts, Infectious Diseases Notification Act, Vaccidation Act, Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889, and Burgh Police (Scotland) Act and Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1894 -

32. For salaries and expenses of the household of

the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland

33. For salaries and expenses of the offices of the

Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, in Dublin and London, and subordinate departments -

34. For salaries and expenses of the office of the

Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests for Ireland.

35. For salaries and expenses of the Local Govern-

ment Board in Ireland, including certain grants in aid of local taxation

36. For salaries and expenses of the Public Record

Office in Ireland and of the Keeper of the State Papers in Dublin

37. For salaries and expenses of the office of Public

Works in Ireland ...

38. For salaries and expenses of the department of

the Registrar General of Births, Ac., and for expenses of collecting agricultural and other statistics in Ireland • • -

39. For salaries and expenses of the general valua-

tion and boundary survey of Ireland -

Total Civil Sehvices, Class II.

Sums not exceeding

Supply  Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ £

21,405 —

56,094 —

30,000 —

13,100 —

28,479 _

5,612 450

5,241 700

11,698

4,835 —

42,932 340

1,961 38

139,773 5,672

5,940 ^•

38,119 2,3)0

16,096 550

13,100 9,405

2.180,616 444,065

Scdbd. (B.)

Tart 7. Civil Services. Class 1L

Digitized by v^.ooQLe

S10

Ch. 61.

Appropriation Act, 1898.

61 & 62 Yicr.

SOHKD. (B.)

Past 8. Civil Services. Class III.

SCHEDULE (B.)—Part 8.

CIVIL SERVICES.—Class HI.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as Appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1899; viz.:—

No.

1. For the salaries of tho law officers' department,

the salaries and expenses of the department of the Solicitor for the affairs of Her Majesty's Treasury, Queen's Proctor, and Director of Public Prosecutions, the costs of prosecutions, and of other legal proceedings and of Parliamentary Agency -

2. For certain miscellaneous legal expenses, in-

cluding a grant-in-aid of the expenses of the Incorporated Law Society

3. For such of the salaries and expenses of the

Supreme Court of Judicature as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund -

4. For salaries and expenses of the land

registry -

5. For salaries and expenses connected with the

County Courts -

6. For the salaries of the Commissioner and

Assistant Commissioners of the Metropolitan Police, and of the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District, the pay and expenses of officers of Metropolitan Police employed on special duties, and the salaries and expenses of the Inspectors of Constabulary •

7. For the expenses of the prisons in England,

Wales, and the Colonies -

8. For the expense of the maintenance of juvenile

offenders in reformatory, industrial, and day industrial schools in Great Britain, and of the Inspectors of Reformatories

9. For the maintenance of criminal lunatics in

Broadmoor Criminal Lunatic Asylum

10. For salaries and expenses of the Lord Advo-

cate's department and other law charges, and the salaries and expenses of the Courts of Law and Justice in Scotland ...

11. For salaries and expenses of the offices in Her

Majesty's General Register House, Edinburgh

12. For the expenses of tho Establishment of the

Crofters' Commission -

13. For the expenses of the Prison Commissioners

for Scotland, and of the prisons under their control, including the maintenance of criminal lunatics and the preparation of judicial statistics .....

Sams not exceeding

Supply  Grants. ! Appropria-' tions in Aid.

£ £

79,280 11,650

48,800 12,731

326,251 52,150

7,985 —

38,810 420,000

55,107 20

604,696 9,500

262,698 23,000

32,251 885

1  92,046 1 35,530

41,951 —

5,250 —

79,889 4,350

Google

1898.

Appropriation , 1898.

Cn. 61.

811

Sums not exceeding

Supply Appropria-

No.  14. For the expenses of criminal prosecutions and  other law charges in Ireland ...  15. For such of the salaries and expenses of the  Supreme Court of Judicature and of certain other legal departments in Ireland as are not 1 Grants. tions in Aid.

£ £

62,660 290

charged on the Consolidated Fund -16. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the 107,929 2,550

Irish Land Commission ...  17. For the salaries, allowances, expenses, and pen-  sions of various county court officers, commissioners, and of magistrates in Ireland, and the expenses of revision ...  18. For salaries and expenses of the Commissioner  of Police, of the police courts and of the metropolitan police establishment of Dublin (including a supplementary sum of 1,5001.) -  19. For the expenses of the Royal Irish Constabulary  20. For the expenses of the General Prisons Board  in Ireland, and of the prisons under their control; and of the registration of habitual 119,341 15,694

113,151 2,000

95,953 52,136

1,354,557 22,555

criminals ..... 21. For the expenses of reformatory and industrial 114,096 3,100

schools m Ireland .... 22. For the maintenance of criminal lunatics in 109,936 850

Dundrum Criminal Lunatic Asylum, Ireland 6,455 —

Total Civil Services, Class lit. - - 3,759,092  i1-" 668,991

SCHEDULE (B.)—Part 9.

CIVIL SERVICES.—Class IV.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1899 ; viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Appropria-

Va Grants. tions in Aid.

HO.  1. For public education in England and Wales,  including the expenses of the Education Office in London ....  2. For salaries and expenses of the Department of  Science and Art, and of the establishments connected therewith, including sundry grants in aid -  3. For salaries and expenses of the British  Museum, and of the Natural History Museum, including certain grants in aid £  8,520,175 £  6,500

600,781  162,280

6,825

4. For salaries and expenses of the National

Gallery, and of the National Gallery of

British Art, Millbank, including a grant in aid for the purchase of pictures I 16,274 1,300

Google

SOHED. (B.)

Past 8. Civil Services. Class III.

Soheo. (B.)

Part 9. Civil Services. Class IV.

312

Ch. 61

Appropriation , 1898.

• 61 & 62 Yict.

SCHKD. (B.) Part 9.

Civil Servicer. Class IV.

Sched. (B.) Part 10.

Civil Services. Class V.

Sums not exceeding

No.

6. For salaries and expenses of the National Portrait Gallery, including a grant in aid for the purchase of portraits -

6. For the salaries and expenses of the Wallace

Gallery (Hertford House) -

7. For sundry grants in aid of scientific investiga-

tion, Ac., and other grants -

8. For grants in aid of the expenses of certain

Universities and Colleges in Great Britain and expenses under tho Welsh Intermediate Education Act, 1889 -

9. For salaries and expenses of the University of

London -

10. For public education- in Scotland, and for

Science and Art in Scotland -

11. For a grant to the Board of Trustees for manu-

factures in Scotland, in aid of the maintenance of the National Gallery, School of Art and Museum of Antiquities, Scotland •

12. For the expenses of the Commissioners of

National Education in Ireland, including a grant in aid of the Teachers Pension Fund, Ireland -

13. For the expenses of the Office of the Commis-

sioners for managing certain school endowments in Ireland -

14. For salaries and expenses of the National Gallery

of Ireland, including a grant in aid for the purchase of pictures -

15. For a grant in aid of the expenses of the Queen's

Colleges in Ireland ....

Total Civil Services, Class IV.

£

1  Supply  Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

! £ £

6,025 —

5,927 -

28,452 —

104,507 —

15 17,415

1,281,867  i —

4,400 —

1,226.734 38,750

905 —

2,504 —

4,950 5,740

11,965,796 [ 76,560

SCHEDULE (B.)—Part 10.

CIVIL SERVICES.—Class V.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of tho sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the severed Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1899; viz.:—

No.

1. For expenses of Her Majesty's embassies and missions abroad, and of consular establishments abroad, and other expenditure chargeable on tte Consular Vote - - -

Sums not exceeding

Supply  Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ £

491,600 100,620

1898.

Appropriation Act, 1898.

Ch. 61.

313

Sums not exceeding

Supply Appropria-

Grants. tions in Aid.

No. £ £

2. For grants in aid of the expenses of the British Protectorates in Uganda and in Central and East Africa and under the Uganda Railway Act, 1896   267,463

3. For sundry colonial services, including certain grants in aid (including a supplementary sum of 41,5002.)  395,181

4. For a grant in aid of the revenue of the Island of Cyprus * - - - - 33,000 _

5. For the expenses in connexion with the suppression of the slave trade, and the maintenance of certain Liberated Africans 1,112

6. For the subsidies to certain Telegraph Companies ...... 75,100 23,000

Total Civil Services, Class V. - 1,263,456 123,620

SCHEDULE (B.)—Part 11.

CIVIL SERVICES.—Class VI.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in additioa thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1899; viz.:—

No.

1. For superannuation, retired, and compassionate

allowances and gratuities under sundry Statutes, and for certain compassionate allowances and gratuities awarded by the Treasury and for the salaries of medical referees .....

2. For pensions to masters and seamen of the

merchant service, and to their widows and children .....

3. For miscellaneous, charitable, and other allow-

ances in Great Britain ...

4. For a grant in aid of the local cost of main-

tenance of pauper lunatics in Ireland

5. For hospitals and infirmaries and certain mis-

cellaneous, charitable, and other allowances in Ireland, including sundry grants in aid •

Total Crvn Services, Glass VI. • £

Sums not exceeding

Supply 1 Grants. [ Appropriations in Aid.

£ £

542,887 —

5,630 —

1,793 —

143,653 —

17,576 182

711,539 1 182

Google

SCHKD. (B.)

Part 10. Civil Services. Class V.

SCHHD. (B.)

PlHT 11.

Civil Services. Class VI.

314

Ch. 61.

Appropriation Act, 1898.

61 & 62 Vict,

SCHED. (B.)

Part 12. Civil Services. Class VII.

[Schsd. (B.) Past 18. Revenue Departments,

&c.

A

SCHEDULE (B.)—Part 12.

CIVIL SERVICES.—Class VII.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1899; viz.:—

No.

1. For salaries and other expenses of temporary

commissions, committees, and special inquiries - -

2. For certain miscellaneous expenses

3. For a Grant to the Congested Districts Scotland

fund, constituted by the Congested Districts (Scotland) Act, 1897, in aid of expenditure in carrying out the purposes of the Act and for other purposes -

4. For repayments to the Civil Contingencies Fund

of certain miscellaneous advances -

5. For certain expenditure, including sundry

grants in aid, in connexion with the Belief of Distress in Ireland - -

6. For expenses in connexion with the public

funeral of the late Bight Hon. W. E. Gladstone -

Total Civil Services, Class YIL -

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

I Appropriations in Aid.

21,792

2,924

7,100

20,000

6,018

50,000

2,200

102,934

7,100

SCHEDULE (B.)—Part 13.

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS, &c.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Revenue Departments, Ac. herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1899; viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply  Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No. £ £

1. For salaries and expenses of the Customs Department - 855,600 44,450

2. For salaries and expenses of the Inland Revenae Department - 1,980,323 18,000

3. For salaries and expenses of the Post Office services, the expenses of Post Office savings banks, and Government annuities and insurances, and the collection of the Post Office revenue • 8,002,250 116,175

4. For the expense of the Post Office packet service 824,350 183,074

5. For salaries and working expenses of the Post

Office telegraph service ... 3,364,635 44,840

Total Revenue Departments - £ 15,027,158 406,539

Google

1898.

University of London Act, 1898.

Ch. 62.

315

CHAPTER 62.

An Act to make further provision with respect to the University of London. [12th August 1898.]

WHEREAS the Commissioners appointed to consider the draft charter for the proposed Gresham University in London, have by their report made recommendations with respect to the reconstitution of the University of London, and to the appointment of a statutory Commission for that purpose :—

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :

1.—(1.) There shall be a body of Commissioners styled the University of London Commissioners, and consisting in the first instance of the following persons; namely,—

The Right Honourable Horace Baron Davey;

The Right Honourable and Right Reverend Mandell Lord Bishop of London;

Sir William Roberts, Doctor of Medicine, Fellow of the University of London;

Sir Owen Roberts, Doctor of Civil Law ;

Richard Claverhouse Jebb, Esquire, Doctor of Letters, Regius Professor of Greek in the University of Cambridge ;

Michael Foster, Esquire, Doctor of Medicine, Fellow of the Royal Society, Professor of Physiology in the University of Cambridge;

Edward Henry Busk, Esquire, Master of Arts, Bachelor of Laws, and Chairman of the Convocation of the University of London;

and it shall be lawful for Her Majesty to appoint a secretary to the Commissioners.

(2.) If and whenever any vacancy occurs among the Commissioners, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty the Queen to appoint a person to fill the vacancy; but the name of every person so appointed shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within ten days after the appointment if Parliament is then sitting, or, if not, then within ten days after the next sitting of Parliament.

(3.) The Commissioners may, with the consent of the Treasury as to number, appoint or employ such persons as they may think necessary for the execution of their duties under this Act, and may remove any person so appointed or employed.

2. There shall be paid to the secretary to the Commissioners, and to any person appointed or employed by the Commissioners, such remuneration as the Treasury may assign, and that remuneration and all expenses of the Commissioners incurred with the sanction of the Treasury in the execution of this Act shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

Digitized byLjOO^lC

Appointment of Commissioners.

Expenses of Commission.

316

Ch. 62.

University of London Act, 1898. 61 & G2 Yict.

Duration and proceedings of Commissioner?.

Powers and duties of Commissioners.

3. —(1.) The powers of the Commissioners shall continue until the end of the year one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, and no longer; but it shall be lawful for Her Majesty the Queen, from time to time, with the advice of Her Privy Council, on the application of the Commissioners, to continue the powers of the Commissioners for such time as Her Majesty thinks fit, but not beyond the end of the year one thousand nine hundred.

(2.) The Commissioner first named in this Act shall be the Chairman of the Commissioners; and in case of his ceasing from any cause to be a Commissioner, or of his absence from any meeting, the Commissioners present at each meeting shall choose a chairman.

(3.) The powers of the Commissioners may be exercised at a meeting at which three or more Commissioners are present

(4.) In case of an equality of votes on a question at a meeting, the chairman of the meeting shall have a second or casting vote in respect of that question.

(5.) The Commissioners shall have a common seal which shall be judicially noticed.

(6.) Any act of the Commissioners shall not be invalid by reason only of any vacancy in their body ; but if at any time, and as long as, the number of persons acting as Commissioners is less than five, the Commissioners shall discontinue the exercise of their powers.

4. —(1.) The Commissioners shall make statutes and regulations for the University of London in general accordance with the scheme of the report lierein-before referred to, but subject to the modifications specified or indicated in Part I. of the schedule to this Act, and to any other modifications which may appear to them expedient after considering the changes which have taken place in London education of a University type since the date of the said report and any representations made to them by or on behalf of the Senate or Convocation or any fifty graduates of the University of London, or by or on behalf of any body or person directly affected.

(2.) In framing such statutes and regulations, the Commissioners shall see that provision is made for securing adequately the various matters specified or indicated in Part II. of the schedule to this Act.

(3.) The Comnvssioners shall take such steps as are in their opinion best adapted for facilitating the making of such representations before any such statutes or regulations are framed.

(4.) The statutes or regulations, whether they are made by the Commissioners or by the Senate as herein-after provided, shall not authorise the assignment of money for any purpose in respect of which any privilege is granted or disability imposed on account of religious belief. Provided that they shall not prevent the University from allocating funds, on such conditions as it thinks fit, for the payment of any person appointed or recognised by the University as a University teacher, or for his laboratory expenses, or for apparatus to be used by him, notwithstanding any conditions attached to any office held by him in any school of the University.

(5.) Statutes and regulations made under this Act shall have effect notwithstanding anything in any Act of Parliament, charter, deed, or other instrument.

Digitized by Google

1898.

University of London Act, 1898.

Ch. 62.

317

5.—(1.) When any statute or regulation has been mad# by the Approval of Commissioners, a notice of its having been made, and of the place and

where copies of it can be obtained, shall be published in the London regul* on8. Gazette, and the statute or regulation shall be laid as soon as may be before both Houses of Parliament, and shall not be valid until it has been approved by Her Majesty the Queen in Council.

(2.) If either House of Parliament, within forty days, exclusive of any period of prorogation, after a statute or regulation has been laid before it, presents an address praying the Queen to withhold Her assent from the statute or regulation, or any part thereof, no further proceedings shall be taken on the statute or regulation, or on the part thereof to which the address relates, but this provision shall be without prejudice to the making of a new statute or regulation.

(3.) The Senate or Convocation of the University of London, or any other person or body directly affected by any such statute or regulation, may, within three months after the notification thereof in the London Gazette, petition Her Majesty in Council to withhold Her approval of the whole or any part thereof.

(A) Her Majesty in Council may refer any such petition to a committee of the Privy Council, with a direction that the committee hear the petitioner personally or by counsel, and report specially to Her Majesty in Council on the matter of the petition.

(5.) Thereupon it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by Order in Council, either to declare Her approval of the statute or regulation in whole or in part, or to signify Her disapproval thereof in whole or in part, but any such disapproval shall be without prejudice to the making of a new statute or regulation.

(6.) The costs of any petition under this section may be regulated by the committee to which the petition is referred.

6. The Commissioners may, if they think fit, take evidence Power to upon any of the matters hereby directed to be dealt with by them ; and may, if they think fit, from time to time make a report or take evidence reports to Her Majesty containing any recommendations which and to make in their opinion ought to be made for the purpose of better ^^tion9 enabling them to carry out any of the powers hereby entrusted to them.

7. After the expiration of the powers of the Commissioners the Power to Senate of the University shall have power to make statutes and amend regulations for altering or supplementing any of the statutes or J^£t8i(J^d regulations made by the Commissioners. Provided as follows:

(1.) A statute made under this section shall be subject to the provisions of the foregoing sections, with the substitution only of the Senate for the Commissioners;

(2.) Before any statute is made under this section the draft thereof shall be communicated to Convocation, whose opinion thereon, if returned to the Senate within two months, shall be taken into consideration. In computing this period of two months any part of the months of August and September shall not be counted;

318

Ch. 62.

University of London Act,1898. 61 & 62 Yict.

(3.) A regulation made under this section shall be invalid so far as it is inconsistent with any statute made under this Act and for the time being in force.

Provision as 8. For the purposes of this Act and of the report herein-before to Wye referred to, the South-Eastern Agricultural College at Wye shall have such privileges as it would have had if situated within the administrative county of London.

9. Nothing in this Act shall affect or authorise any interference with the rights or privileges of any of the Inns of Court or of the Incorporated Law Society.

10. Existing fellows shall retain their fellowships for life, bu shall no longer be, as such, members of the Senate.

11. This Act may be cited as the University of London Act,

1898.

Section 4. SC H E D U L E*

Part 1.

Provisions to which effect is to be given.

Id framing statutes and regulations the Commissioners shall give effect to the following provisions:—

Saving for Inns of Coart and Incorporated Law Society.

Saving of rights of existing fellows.

Short title.

The Senate.

1. The Senate shall consist of the Chancellor and of other members, appointed as follows:

Four by Her Majesty with the advice of Her Privy Council;

Seventeen by the Convocation, of whom the chairman of Convocation shall be one, and the remaining sixteen shall be elected, by voting papers delivered personally or sent by post as at present, by the registered graduates in their separate faculties in such proportions as the Statutory Commission shall determine ;

Two each by the Royal Colleges of Physicians and Surgeons ;

One by each of the four Inns of Court and two by the Incorporated Law Society;

Two each by University and King's Colleges;

One by the Corporation of London ;

Two by the London County Council;

One by the Council of the City and Guilds of London Institute;

Sixteen by the Faculties.

Provided that if and as long as any of the above-mentioned bodies fail to exercise the power of appointment hereby given, in every such case the power shall be exercised by Her Majesty, with the advice of the Privy Council.

2. The Senate shall be the supreme governing body and executive of the University. All University property shall be administered by the Senate, and (except as herein-after specified) the Senate shall have the entire conduct of the University and all its affairs and functions, provided always that—

(a.) No religious test shall be adopted or imposed, and no applicant for a University appointment shall be at any disadvantage on the ground of religious opinions :

Digitized by ^.ooQle

1898.

University of London Act, 1898.

Ch. 62.

319

(b.) No procedure to any degree shall be allowed without examination or other adequate test, nor shall any honorary or ad eundem degree be conferred, unless the Senate, in exceptional cases, think fit to confer such a degree:

(c.) No disability shall be imposed on the ground of sex.

3. There shall be three standing committees of the Senate—

(1.) The Academic Council, being a committee for internal students of the University:

(2.) The Council for External Students, being a Committee for those students of the University, whether collegiate or non-collegiate, who are not internal students of the University:

(3.) A standing Board to promote the extension of University teaching. The Chancellor, the Vice-Chancellor, and the Chairman of Convocation, shall be ex-officio members of all the above committees.

The functions of these three committees shall be advisory.

The Academic Council.

4. This Committee shall consist of the sixteen members of the Senate appointed by the Faculties, the three ex-officio members, and a senator or senators elected by the Senate to make the number of members up to twenty.

The Council for External Students.

5. This Committee shall consist of the sixteen members of the Senate appointed by Convocation, other than the Chairman of Convocation, the three ex-officio members, and senators elected by the Senate to make the number of members up to twenty-eight.

The Board to Promote the Extension of University Teaching.

6. This Committee shall consist of the three ex-officio members and senators elected by the Senate.

The Convocation.

7. Convocation shall include, in addition to those members specified in the said report, future graduates possessing a degree higher than that of Bachelor.

Teachers of the University.

8. The teachers of the University shall be—

(a.) Professors, assistant professors, readers, and lecturers^ directly appointed as officers of the University; and (b.) Members of the teaching staffs of public educational institutions, situate within a radius of thirty miles from the University buildings, who have been recognised by the Senate, after consulting with the Academic Council, as teachers of the University.

Provided that the Commissioners shall determine who are in the first instance to be recognised as teachers of the University.

Internal Students.

9. Internal students of the University are students who have matriculated at the University, and who are pursuing a course of study approved by the University in a school or schools of the University, or under one or more of the recognised teachers of the University.

Faculties.

10. The Commissioners shall determine in the first instance what the faculties are to be, and what teachers are to be members of the respective faculties.

Digitized by LjOOQie

320

Ch. 62.

University of London Act, 1898. 61 & 62 Vict.

The number and distribution of the faculties may be altered from time to time by the Senate.

The faculties will consist of—

(1.) The professors, assistant professors, readers, and lecturers appointed by the University ; and (2.) Such other teachers of the University as may be admitted to a faculty from time to time by the Senate.

Members will be assigned to their respective faculties by the Senate, and no person shall be eligible to vote in an election in more than one faculty at the same time.

Boardsof .

11. Boards of studies shall be constituted for the subjects of University study.

The members of each board of studies shall be appointed by the Senate from—

(a.) Members of a faculty who teach or examine in the board's subjects :

(b.) Other teachers of the University who teach the board's subjects.

The Senate may also appoint such other persons, not exceeding oue-fourth of the total number of the board, as they may think fit.

Adequate representation on each board shall be secured for teachers of the University not belonging to any school of the University.

A teacher of the University may be assigned to more than one board.

Examinations.

12. Unless the Senate either generally by regulation or as to a particular subject by order otherwise determine, separate examinations shall be held for internal and external students respectively, and each certificate and diploma shall state whether the candidate has passed as an internal or as an external student; but the degrees conferred shall represent, as far as possible, the same standard of knowledge and attainments. The draft of any such regulation shall be communicated to Convocation, to the Academic Conndl, and to the Council for External Students.

In all examinations the Senate shall, if practicable, appoint in each subject at least one examiner who is not a teacher of the University.

Past II.

Matters for which provision must be made.

1. The adequate protection of the interests of all classes of students whether external or internal, collegiate or non-collegiate.

2. The recognition a9 teachers of the University of duly qualified

teachers and lecturers, giving instruction of a University type in public educational institutions situate within a radius of thirty miles from the University buildings, whether such institutions be schools cf the University or not.

3. The inclusion under proper regulations as internal students of the University of students who have matriculated at the University, and who ore pursuing a course of study approved by the University under one or more of the recognised teachers of the University.

4. The due representation on the Senate and the Academic Council of all subjects of study and all sections of teachers of the University.

V

Google

321

TABLE III.

A

TABLE

OF

Tho Titles of the Local and Private Acts passed during the Session.

61 & 62 VICTORIA.—AD. 1898.

LOCAL ACTS.

The Titles to which the Letter P. is prefixed are Public Acts of a Local Character.

Royal Assent, 23rd May 1898.

i. A N Act to make better provision respecting the charge and

management of County Bridges and of Hundred Bridges in the County of Lancaster and to confer further powers on the County Council of the County Palatine of Lancaster in relation to bridges and for other purposes. (

County Council {Bridges).)

ii. An Act to further regulate the working management and control of the Widows Fund of the Writers to Her Majesty's Signet in Scotland to enlarge the powers of investment of the moneys of the Fund to amend the Acts now regulating the Fund and for other purposes. (Writers to the Signet Widows Fund.)

Hi. An Act to empower the District Board of Lunacy for the landward portion of Midlothian and county of Peebles to construct Waterworks for the supply of water to their Rosslynlee Asylum to make provision for the cost of such works and for other purposes. {Midlothian and Peebles District Board of Lunacy (Water Supply).)

iy. An Act to confer further powers upon and to amend certain of the Acts relating to the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board and to enable that Board to borrow further money and for other purposes. {Mersey Docks {Various Powers).)

X

Digitized by boogie

322

Table of the Statutes.

[61 & 62 Vict

V. An Act for amending the powers of the Agricultural Company of Mauritius Limited to sub-divide their capital into Preference and Ordinary Capital and for other purposes. (Agricultural Company of Mauritius.)

Vi. An Act for conferring further powers on the President and Governors of Guy's Hospital. ( Hospital.)

vii. An Act to enlarge and extend the powers and objects of the Patriotic Assurance Company and for other purposes. (Patriotic Assurance Company's.)

Viii. An Act for enlarging the constitution of the Tyne Improvement Commission for conferring further powers upon the Tyne Improvement Commissioners and * for amending certain of the provisions of the Tyne Improvement Acts 1850 to 1897 and for other purposes. (Tyne Improvement (Constitution and Woi*ks))

ix. An Act for granting further powers to the Aberystwyth Gas Company. (Aberystwyth Gas.)

X. An Act for granting further powers to the Folkestone Gas and Coke Company. (Folkestone Gas.)

XL An Act to confer further powers upon the City and South London Railway Company for the construction of works and acquisition of lands and for other purposes. (City and South London Railway.)

Xii. An Act for the conversion of the existing Preference Stock of the Eastern Telegraph Company Limited and for other purposes. (Eastern Telegraph Company's.)

Tiii. An Act to abolish the Composition Rate now leviable for certain Church purposes in the parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green in the county of London and to make other provisions for securing the stipend of the Rector of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green and the maintenance of the fabrics of the Churches of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green and Saint John Bethnal Green and for other purposes. (Saint Matthew Bethnal Green (Church Rate A).)

xiv. An Act for enabling the Upper Assam Tea Company Limited to arrange with the holders of their preference capital and for other purposes. (Upper Assam Tea Company's)

XV. An Act to authorise the Edinburgh and Leith Corporations Gas Commissioners to construct new gasworks and other works and to acquire lands and to confer further powers on the Commissioners in relation to their gas undertaking and for other purposes. (Edinburgh and Leith Corporations Gas)

XVi. An Act for conferring further powers on the Swansea Gaslight Company. (Swansea Gas.)

XVii. An Act for the granting of further powers to the City of Waterford Gas Company. (City of Waterford Gas.)

XViii. An Act for conferring further powers on the Chipstead Valley Railway Company and for other purposes. (Chipstead Valley Railway)

Digitized by CjOOQLe

AD. 1898.]

Local

323

xix. An Act for. empowering the London and North Western Railway Company to provide and use Steam Vessels and for other purposes. (London and North Western Railway (Steam Vessels).)

XX An Act for incorporating and conferring powers upon the Whitwick and Coalville Gas Company and for other purposes. ( Whitwick and Coalville Qas.)

xxi. An Act to confer further powers upon the Hartlepool Gas and Water Company. (Hartlepool Qas and Water.)

XXii. An Act to amend and enlarge the powers of the Edinburgh Merchant Company to provide for the better administration of the said Company and the Widows' Fund and George Grindlay's and William Wathorston's Endowments and for other purposes. (Edinburgh Merchant Company.)

Triil. An Act to relieve the Owner of the Norton Priory Estate in the County of Chester from the liability to repair certain roads in the said County and to provide for the future maintenance and repair thereof and for other purposes. (Norton and Holton Roads.)

xxiv. An Act to authorise the Edinburgh and District Water Trustees to construct additional works to make deviations of authorised works and for other purposes. (Edinburgh and District Waterworks.)

XXV. An Act to confirm the issue as fully paid of certain shares. (Marianao and Havana Railway Company's.)

xxvi. An Act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Morley to purchase the undertakings of the Morley Gas Company and the Churwell Gas Light Company to make further provision in regard to the finance of the said borough and for other purposes. (Morley Corporation (Qas Ac.).)

XXVii. An Act for incorporating the Great Orme Tramways Company and for authorising the Company to make and maintain a Tramway and Tramroad from Llandudno to or near the summit of the Great Ormeshead in the county of Carnarvon. (Great Orme Tramways.)

XXViiL An Act to authorise the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board to alter extend and improve their docks basins and works on the Liverpool side of the River Mersey and for other purposes. (Mersey Docks (New Works).)

P. xxix. An Act to confirm an Amended Scheme under the Metropolitan Commons Acts 1866 to 1878 relating to Barnes Common in the Parish of Barnes Surrey. (Metropolitan Commons ( Barnes)Supplemental.)

P. xxx- An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Killiney and Ballybrack Township. (Local Government Board Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 1).)

X 2

Google

324

Table of the Statutes.

[G1 & 62 Vict.

P. xxxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bootle East-Stonehouse Epsom (Rural) Halifax (Rural) Hucknall-Torkard Leatherhead Ramsgate and Tewkesbury (Rural). {Local Government Board'8 Provisional Orders Confirmation {No. 1).)

P. XXXii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Eastbourne Oswaldtwistle Oswestry and Wallasey and to the Oakwell and Staines Joint Hospital Districts. {Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation {No. 2).)

Royal Assent, 1st July 1898.

P. xxxiii. An Act for acquiring Land for Customs and other Offices at Barry Dock and for other purposes connected therewith. {Customs and other Offices {Barry Dock).)

P. xxxiv. An Act for the acquisition of Land at Southampton as a Site for Customs and other Offices connected therewith and for other purposes connected therewith. {Customs Offices {Southampton).)

P. ZXXY. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Burnley (Rural) Cuckfield (Rural) Epping Fenny-Stratford He3ton-and-Isleworth Keswick Sunderland Tadcaster (Rural) and Wetherby (Rural). {Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation {No. 3).)

P. XXXVi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Inclosure Acts 1845 to 1882 relating to Wolstanton Marsh in the County of Stafford. {Commons Regulation {Wolstanton Marsh) Provisional Order Confirrnalion.)

P. xxxvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 to 1890 relating to Airdrie Brechin Hamilton and Rothesay. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation {No. 1).)

P. xxxviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Dartford East Ham Ilfracombe Ossett Rawmarsh and Rotherham. {Electric Lighting Orders Confii'mation {No. 2).)

P. xxxix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Batley Hereford Hornsey Ilford Leigh-on-Sea and Lewes. {Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation {No. 3).)

P. xl. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Barnes Chichester Doncaster Hove (Aldrington) King's Norton and Leatherhead. {Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation {No. 4).)

Digitized by LjOOQie

A.D. 1898.]

Local Acta.

325

P. icli- An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Merchant Shipping Act 1894 relating to the Pilotage District of the Tees. (.Order Confirmation.)

P. xlii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Clonmel Armagh Kildare and Baltinglass. ( Government Board (Ireland)Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. xliii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Belfast. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 4).)

xliv. An Act for rendering valid certain Letters Patent granted to Thomas Holmes for Improvements in apparatus applicable to Twist Lace Machines. (Holmes's Patent.)

xlv. An Act to confer further powers on the Southend Gas Company. (Southend-on-Sea Gas.)

xlvi. An Act to authorise the Urban District Council of Bakewell to supply Gas and to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of the Bakewell Gaslight Company to the Council. (Bakewell Gas.)

xlvii. An Act to authorise the York United Gas Light Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (York United Gas Light Company's.)

xlviii. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Brompton Chatham Giliingham and Rochester Waterworks Company and for other purposes. (Brompton Chatham Gillingham and Rochester Water.)

xlix. An Act for amending the Borrowing Powers of the Bombay Baroda and Central India Railway Company. (Bombay Baroda and Central India Railway.)

I. An Act to confer additional powers upon the Midland Railway Company for the construction of works and the acquisition of lands to confer powers upon that Company and the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company and upon the Midland and Great Northern Railways Joint Committee for the acquisition of lands and for other purposes. (Midland Railway.)

li. An Act for the extension and enlargement of the Foreign Cattle Market at Deptford and to authorise the Corporation of the City of London to construct maintain and work certain railways and a tramway between the said Market and the Deptford Wharf Branch of the London Brighton and South Coast Railway and for other purposes. (Foreign Cattle Market Deptford.)

lii. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Saint Anne's-on-the-Sea Gas Company. (St.

Sea Gas.)

liii. An Act to authorise the Commissioners for General Control and Correspondence and for the superintending and directing the Erection Establishment and Regulation of Asylums for the

Google

326

Table of the Statutes.

[61 & 62 Vier.

Lunatic Poor in Ireland to transfer certain lauds for Hospital purposes to the Corporation of Belfast and to the Trustees of the "Royal Victoria Hospital* Belfast. (City of Belfast (Hospitals).)

liv. An Act for conferring further powers on the Crowhurst Sidley and Bexhill Railway Company and for other purposes.

( Crowhurst Sidley and Bexhill Railway.)

lv. An Act for conferring further powers on the South Eastern Railway Company and for other purposes. ( Eastern

Railway.)

lvi. An Act to authorise the Torrington and Okehampton Railway Company to deviate their railway to extend the time for compulsory purchase of lands and completion of works and for other purposes. ( and Okehampton

Railway.)

lvii. An Act to extend the powers of the Enfield Gas Company and amend the Acts affecting that Company and for other purposes. ( EnfieldOas.)

lviii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Milford Docks Company and for other purposes. {Milford Docks.)

lix. An Act to amend the Newhaven Harbour and Ouse Lower Navigation Act 1847 and the Newhaven Harbour and Ouse Lower Navigation Improvement Act 1863 to authorise the remission or rebate of the Annual Assessments or Scots leviable under the first-mentioned Act to authorise the Trustees of the Newhaven Harbour and Ouse Lower Navigation to contribute towards the maintenance of a certain contemplated Sea Wall and Defences and for other purposes. {Newhaven Harbour and Ouse Lower Navigation Amendment.)

lx. An Act for incorporating the City and Brixton Railway Company and for empowering them to construct an Underground Railway from the City and South London Railway in the Parish of St. Saviour Southwark to Brixton Hill and for other purposes. {City and Brixton Railway.)

Ixi. An Act for conferring further powers on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company with relation to their own undertaking and upon that Company and the London and North Western Railway Company with relation to the Preston and Wyre Railway and for other purposes. {Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway.)

Ixii. An Act to revive and extend the powers for the purchase of lands and also to extend the time for the completion of the London Walthamstow and Epping Forest Railway and for other purposes. {London Walthamstow and Epping Forest Railway.)

Iwrii- An Act to enable the Edmonton Urban District Council to acquire Pymmes Park for a public park and recreation ground for conferring further powers in relation to buildings streets and saoitary matters for making further and better provision

Google

AD. 1898.]

Local Acts,

327

for the improvement health and local government of the district and for other purposes. {Edmonton Urban District Council.)

lxiv. An Act to provide for the redemption by the Powell Duffryn Steam Coal Company (Limited) of certain Redeemable Shares issued by them and to authorise the creation and issue of new Preference Shares in exchange for the shares redeemed and for other purposes. (.Powell Duffryn Steam Coal Company {Limited).)

lxv. An Act to authorise the Lanarkshire and Dumbartonshire Railway Company to raise further moneys to enable the Caledonian Railway Company to subscribe for additional shares or stock and for other purposes. {Lanarkshire and Dumbartonshire Railway {Capital).)

lxvi. An Act to confer further powers upon and to amend certain Acts relating to the Great Eastern Railway Company to authorise the Company to subscribe towards the undertakings of the Elsenham Thaxted and Bardfield and the Kelvedon Tiptree and Tollesbury Light Railway Companies and to acquire the undertakings of the Ely and Saint Ives the Ely and Newmarket the Colchester Stour Valley Sudbury and Halstead and the Mellis and Eye Railway Companies and part of the Great Northern and Great Eastern Joint Railway to make further provision a9 to certain funds of the Company and for other purposes. {Great Eastern Railway {General Powers).)

lxvii. An Act to authorise the Wirral Railway Company to make an extension railway and other works in the County of Chester and to abandon the railway authorised by the Act of 1895 and to convert their debenture stocks and for other purpose a {Wirral Railway.)

IxviiL An Act for extending and defining the objects of the Liverpool and London and Globe Insurance Company and for other purposes. {Liverpool and London and Globe Insurance Company*s.)

Itit. An Act to extend the limits of supply of and confer further powers on the Gloucester Gas Light Company and for other purposes. {Gloucester Gas.)

Itt. An Act to make further provision in regard to the water and gas undertakings of the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Ilkeston and for other purposes. {Ilkeston Corporation.)

1x*i- An Act to authorise the Corporation of Nottingham to establish a Fire Insurance Fund to make better provision in regard to the driving of carts in the City and for other purposes. {Nottingham Corporation.)

lxxii. An Act to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of the Market Harborough Gas Company Limited to the Market Harborough Urban District Council and to confer further powers on the said Council with respect to the supply of gas and for other purposes. {Market Harborough Urban District Council Gas.)

Digitized by Google

328

Table of ihe Statutes.

[61 & 62 Vict.

lxxiii. An Act to empower the Erpingham Rural District Council to construct a Sea Wall and other works for the protection of the parishes off Sheringham and Bees ton Regis. (Sheringham and Beeston Protection.)

lxxiv. An Act for conferring further powers on the Isle of Thanet Gaslight and Coke Company. ( Gas.)

Royal Assent, 25th July 1898.

P. lxxv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1861 relating to Hacconby Fen situate in the Parish of Hacconby in the County of Lincoln. (Land Drainage Supplemental.)

P. lxxvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State under the Metropolitan Police Act 1886 and the Metropolitan Police Courts Act 1897. (Metropolitan Police Provisional Order Confirmation.)

P. lxxvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Abingdon Croydon-and-Wimbledon Newmarket-and-Moulton Royston-Ashwell-and-Melboum Saffron-Walden and Ulverston Joint Hospital Districts. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. lxxviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Leeds Manchester and Wakefield. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

P. lxxix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Blaby (Rural) Bristol Eastbourne Epsom (Rural) Gelligaer-and-Rhigos (Rural) Mailing (Rural) Newport (Mon.) Penmaenmawr Richmond (Surrey) and Rugeley. (Local Government Board!s Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 6).)

P. lmnr. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Counties of Brecon Monmouth and Radnor. (Local Government Board's -visional Orders Confirmation (No. 7).)

P. lxxxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Blackpool Gomersal Nottingham and Sunbury-on-Thames. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 8).)

P. lxxxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Brighton-and-Hove Ossett Ripon and Uttoxeter and to the Conway-and-Colwyn-Bay and Tolworth United Districts. (Local Government Board'8 Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 9).)

P. lxxxiii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Borough of Ashton-

Google

AD. 1898.]

Local Acta.

329>

under-Lyne and the Urban District of Dukinfield and to the City of Chester. {Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation {No. 11).)

P. lxxxiv. An Act to cod firm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Dewsbury Haworth Leeds and Stourbridge. {Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation {No. 12).)

P. lxxxv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Acts 1870 to 1893 to enable the School Boards for Barnea Cellan Heston Llanelly and Low Leyton to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. {Education Department Provisional Orders Confirmation {Barnes,

P. lxxxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Budleigh Salterton Gas Coatbridge Gas Great Marlow Gas King's Lynn Gas and Whitchurch (Salop) Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation {No. 1).)

P. lxxxvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Inclosure Acts 1845 to 1882 relating to Runcorn Heath and * Runcorn Hill in the County of Chester. {Commons Regulation {Runcorn) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

P. lxxxviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Secretary for Scotland under Part I. of the Housing of the Working Classes Act 1890 relating to the City and Royal' Burgh of Edinburgh. {Edinburgh Improvement Scheme Provisionl Order Confirmation.)

P. lmnciir. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Secretary of State under the Military Lands Act 1892. {Military Lands Provisional Orders Confirmation.)

P. XC. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Tralee Coleraine and Skull. {Local Government Board {Ireland)

Orders Confirmation {No. 3).)

P. XOi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Secretary for Scotland relating to an increase in the number of Councillors in the Burgh of Leith. {Leith Burgh Order Confirmation.)

P. XCii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Colne East Stonehouse Margam Rochdale St. Anne's-on-the-Sea and Weymouth and Melcombe Regis. {Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation {No. 6).)

P. XCiii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Aston Manor Darlington Lowestoft Oldbury Smethwick and West Bromwich. {Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation {No. 10).)

J

Digitized by LjOOQie

330

Table of ike Statutes.

[61 & 62 Vict.

P. XCiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Chelmsford Melton Mowbray Norwich (Extension) Preston (Extensions) and Warrington. {Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation {No. 11).)

P. XCV. An Act to conBrm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Bolton (Extension) Kingswinford Penarth Prescot (Extension) and Shrewsbury. {Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation {No. 14).)

P. xcvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Rothesay Weymouth and Wooda Bay. {Pier and Harbour Orders Confiimation {No. 1).)

P. XCVii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 and the Public Health Act 1875 relating to Selby and Wenlock. {Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation {Gas).)

*P. XCViii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Cannock Gas Colwall Gas Crossgates Halton and Sea croft Gas and Slough Gas. {Gas Orders Confirmation {No. 2).)

P. XCix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Devonport and Sheffield. {Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation {Housing of Working Classes).)

P. c. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Parish of Lambeth and to the Newhaven and Saint Olave's Unions. {Local Government Board'8 Provisional Orders Confirmation {Poor Law).)

P. ci. An Act to confirm an Order in Council of the Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council in Ireland relating to the Londonderry and Lough Swilly Railway. {Tramways Order in Council {Ireland) {Londonderry and Lough Swilly {Letterkenny to Burtonport Extension) Railway) Confirma-

tion.)

Cii. An Act to authorise the Town Council of the City and Royal Burgh of Aberdeen to acquire and the Aberdeen District Tramways Company to sell their undertaking to empower the Town Council to work the undertaking and for other purposes. {Aberdeen Corporation {Tramways).)

ciii. An Act to confer further powers upon the London and South Western Railway Company to authorise them to execute further works and acquire additional lands and to confer upon the Company and the London Brighton and South Coast Railway Company further powers for the purchase of lands and for other purposes. {South Western Railway.)

Google

AD. 1898.]

Local Acts.

331

civ. An Act to authorise the Staines Reservoirs Joint Committee to execute farther Works to amend in certain respects the Staines Reservoirs &c. Act 1896 and for other purposes.

{Staines Reservoirs.)

CV. An Act to enable the Belfast Harbour Commissioners to improve the Victoria Channel and to construct additional docks and works at Belfast to confer further powers upon the Commissioners and for other purposes. (.Harbour.)

cvi. An Act to increase the number of the Council of the Borough of Blackpool and to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the said Borough to construct additional tramways and for other purposes. {Blackpool Improvement)

cvii An Act to dissolve the Sheringham Gas and Water Company (Limited) and to re-incorporate the Proprietors therein as a new Company for the supply of gas and water in the parishes of Sheringham and Beeston Regis in the county of Norfolk. {Sheringham Gas and Water.)

CViii. An Act to authorise the extension of the Borough of Carmarthen and to make further provision in regard to the water supply of the Borough and for other purpose?. {Carmarthen Improvement.)

cix. An Act to authorise the Urban District Council of Northam to construct waterworks for the supply of their District and for other purposes. {Northam Urban District Water.)

CX. An Act for supplying with water certain Parishes in North Warwickshire. {North Warwickshire Water.)

CXi. An Act to confer further powers on the London Brighton and South Coast Railway Company and for other purposes. {London Brighton and, South Coast Railway.)

CXii. An Act for granting further powers to the Gainsborough Gas Company. {Gainsborough Gas.)

CXiii. An Act to confer further powers on the Charing Cross Euston and Hampstead Railway Company for authorising agreements between that Company and the South Eastern and London and North Western Railway Companies and for other purposes. {Charing Cross Euston and Hampstead Railway.)

Cxiv. An Act for conferring further powers on the Southend Waterworks Company for the construction of works the raising of money and otherwise in relation to their undertaking and for other purposes. {Southend Waterworks.)

CXV. An Act to authorise the Southwark and Vauxhall Water Company to acquire lands construct additional works take additional water from the River Thames and raise additional capital and for other purposes. {Southwark and Vauxhall Water.)

cxvi. An Act to relieve the Governors of Saint Thomas's Hospital from liability to maintain the Minister and Church of the Parish of Saint Thomas Southwark and to unite the

Google

332

Table of the Statutes.

[61 & 62 Vict.

said Parish to the Ecclesiastical Parish of Saint Saviour Southwark and for other purposes. (Saint Thomas Southwark and Saint Saviour Southvjark.)

CXVii. An Act to enable the Corporation of Yeovil to construct additional Waterworks to purchase the undertaking of the Yeovil Gas and Coke Company Limited to supply gas to establish a station for generating electric power and to raise money by borrowing on mortgage or otherwise. (Yeovil Corporation.)

CXViii. An Act for incorporating the Bideford and Clovelly Railway Company and for other purposes. (Bideford and Clovelly Railway.)

Cxix. An Act to confer further powers upon the Urban District Council for the District of Ilford in the County of Essex. (Ilford Improvement.)

CXX. An Act for confirming and giving effect to certain Heads of Agreement between the Great Eastern Railway Company and the Midland and Great Northern Railways Joint Committee and for other purposes. (/Great Eastern Railway Company and Midland and Great Northern Railways Joint Committee.)

CXXi. An Act to confer further powers upon the Great Eastern Railway Company in relation to payment of pensions and allowances or gratuities to servants on the wages list of the Company and to consolidate with amendments the provisions with regard to the same contained in the Great Eastern Railway (General Powers) Acts 1890 1893 1895 and 1896 and for other purposes. (Great Eastern Railway (Pensions).)

CXXii. An Act to enable the Cranbrook District Water Company to extend their limits of supply construct additional waterworks and for other purposes. (Cranbrook District Water.)

cxxiii. An Act for incorporating the Crawley and District Water Company and empowering them to construct works and supply water and for other purposes. (Crawley and District Water.)

CXXiv. An Act to confer further powers upon the Urban District Council for the District of East Ham in the County of Essex. (East Ham Improvement)

CXXV. An Act to authorise the Commissioners of the Buigh of Wisbaw to provide an additional water supply to the Burgh and to make and maintain new and additional waterworks and for other purposes. ( Wishaw Water (Additional Supply).)

cxxvi. An Act for transferring to the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Liskeard the undertaking of the Liskeard Waterworks Company and for empowering the Corporation to supply water within the limits of supply of the Company and for other purposes. (Liskeard

CXXViL An Act to authorise the Norwich Electric Tramways Company to construct additional tramways and for other purposes. (Norwich Electric Tramways.)

Google

A.D. 1898.]

Local .

333

CXXViii. An Act to confirm two agreements made by the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the County Borough of Cardiff for the acquisition and appropriation to public objects of Cathays Park to empower the said Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses to construct new tramways in the said Borough and to work the same and other tramways hereafter acquired by them and for other purposes. {Cardiff Corporation.)

Cxxix. An Act to empower the Lord Provost Magistrates and Council of the City and Royal Burgh of Dundee to work and use the tramways within the Burgh and for other purposes. {Dundee Corporation {Tramways).)

CXXX. An Act to enable the Buenos Ayres Northern Railway Company Limited to sell and the Central Argentine Railway Company Limited to purchase the undertaking of the Buenos Ayres Northern Railway Company Limited and to make provision for the distribution amongst the members of the Buenos Ayres Northern Railway Company Limited of the obligations or other consideration resulting from such sale and for other purposes. {Bum Ayres Railway

Company's.)

CXXXi. An Act to alter and extend the constitution and powers of the Colonial Bank. {Colonial Bank.)

cxxxii. An Act to extend the time limited for the completion of certain railways authorised to be constructed by the Rhondda and Swansea Bay Railway Company and for other purposes. {Rhondda and Swansea Bay Railway.)

CXXXiii. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Cromer Gas Company. {Cromer Oas.)

•CXXXiV. An Act to authorise the transfer of the undertaking of Drogheda Gas Light Company Limited to the Municipal Corporation of the Borough of Drogheda to confer powers on the said Company and Corporation and for other purposes. {Drogheda {Corporation) Oas.)

OXXXV. An Act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Wigan in regard to the construction of tramways and street improvements and other matters and to make further provision in regard to the finance of the borough and for other purposes. {Wigan Corporation.)

cxxxvi. An Act to authorise the abandonment of certain authorised and the construction of certain new works at Dover Harbour the raising of further moneys by the Dover Harbour Board and for other purposes. {Dover Harbour.)

cxxxvii. An Act to amend the London Building Act 1894. {London Building Act 1894 {Amendment).)

CXXXViii. An Act for making further provisions respecting the capital and undertaking of the Crystal Palace Company and for other purposes. {Crystal Palace Compands.)

Google

334

Table of the

[61 & 62 Vict.

cxxxix. An Act to vest in the Plymouth Corporation the undertaking of the Company of Proprietors for embanking part cf the Lairy near Plymouth to empower the Corporation to make new street works and tramway to extend the boundary of the borough and for other purposes. ( Corporation.)

CXl. An Act to authorise the levy of rates at the Tumchapel Quays and Wharves at Plymouth and to confer various powers on the owners of those quays and wharves. (

Quays and Wharves.)

CXli. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Stirling Gas Light Company. {Stirling Oas.)

CXlii. An Act to enable the Barry Railway Company to construct new railways and works and for other purposes. {Barry Railway.)

cxliii. An Act to prevent or regulate the discharge of Sewage into the Metropolitan Main Drainage System from the Urban District of Acton in the county of Middlesex. {London County Council {Acton Sewage),)

CXliv. An Act to authorise the Mumbles Railway and Pier Company to extend their railway to Black Pill and for other purposes. {Mumbles Railway and Pier.)

CXlv. An Act to authorise the London Chatham and Dover Railway Company to widen certain bridges to stop up certain level crossings to acquire additional lands to make agreements with the Dover Harbour Board and for other purposes. (London Chatham and Dover Railway.)

CXlvi. An Act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the County Borough of Halifax to construct additional waterworks tramways street widenings and improvements to confer further powers with respect to their gasworks undertaking to amend some of the provisions of the Local Acts in force within the Borough and for other purposes. (Halifax Corporation.)

cxlvii. An Act for the granting of further powers to the Folkestone Waterworks Company. (Folkestone Water.)

CXlviii. An Act to confer further powers on the City of Norwich Waterworks Company and for other purposes. (City of Norwich Waterworks.)

OXlix. An Act to reconstitute the Corporation of Foreign Bondholders. (Corporation of Foreign Bondholders.)

oL An Act to empower the Blackpool and Fleetwood Tramroad Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Blackpool and Fleetwood Tramroad.)

Cli. An Act for authorising the Hamilton Waterworks Commissioners to make and maintain additional waterworks and for conferring further powers upon those Commissioners and for other purposes. (Hamilton Water.)

Digitized by v^ooQle

AD. 1898.]

Local Acts.

835

clii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Hull Barnsley and West Riding Junction Railway and Dock Company and to authorise the transfer of the undertaking of the Hull and South Yorkshire Extension Railway Company to the Company and for other purposes. {Hull Barnsley and West Riding Junction Railway and Dock.)

cliii. An Act to authorise the Urban District Council of Kettering to purchase the undertaking of the Kettering Waterworks Company and for other purposes. {Kettering Water.)

cliv. An Act to confirm and provide for future alterations of the rules and regulations of the Clergy Mutual Assurance Society. {Clergy Mutual Assurance Society.)

civ. An Act to empower the County Councils of the Administrative Counties of Middlesex and Surrey to rebuild Kew Bridge and to make new approaches thereto and to execute other works in connexion therewith and for other purposes. {Kew

clvi. An Act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Bacup to construct additional waterworks and for other purposes. {Bacup Corporation Water.)

Clvii. An Act to confer further powers on the Higham and Hundred of Hoo Water Company. {Higham and Hundred of Hoo Water {Amendment).)

clviii. An Act to amend the provisions of the Dublin Southern District Tramways Act 1893 relating to the speed at which engines carriages and trucks may be driven or propelled on the tramways of the Dublin Southern District Tramways Company and for other purposes. {Dublin Southern District Tramways.)

Clix. An Act for conferring further powers on the Glasgow and South Western Railway Company for the construction of works and the acquisition of lands and for other purposes. {Glasgow and South Western Railway.)

clx. An Act for authorising the Matlock Urban District Council to acquire the water undertaking of the Matlock Waterworks Company Limited and to construct waterworks and for making further and better provision for the local government of the District and for other purposes. {Matlock Urban District Council.)

clxi. An Act to make further provisions as to the Capital of the Tottenham and Edmonton Gas Light and Coke Company and for other purposes. (Tottenham and Edmonton Oas.)

nlwii. An Act to authorise the Urban District Council of Felixstowe and Walton to purchase the undertaking of the Felixstowe and Walton Waterworks Company and for other purposes. {Felixstowe and Walton Water.)

ClxiiL An Act to confer powers upon the Midland Railway Company for the construction of railways from Royston to Bradford in the West Riding of the County of York and for other purposes. {Midland Railway ( West Riding Lines).)

Google

336

Table of the Statutes.

[61 & 62 Vict.

clxiv. An Act to authorise the Urban District Council of Newtown and Llanllwchaiarn to purchase the undertaking of the Newtown Waterworks Company and for other purposes. {Newtown Water.)

-Clxv. An Act to confer further powers upon the Great Northern Railway Company with respect to their own undertaking and undertakings in which they are jointly interested and for other purposes. {Great Northern Railway.)

<5lxvi. An Act to authorise the Corporation of the County Borough of Blackburn to acquire the undertaking of the Blackburn Corporation Tramways Company Limited to construct new tramways in the Borough to improve and work the undertaking to partially consolidate the redeemable debt and mortgages of the Corporation to consolidate and apply sinking funds to repeal borrowing powers to borrow money and for other purposes. {Blackburn Corporation {Tramways &c.).)

■olxvii. An Act to authorise the use of Electrical power on the Tramways of the Bristol Tramways and Carriage Company Limited and for other purposes. {Bristol Tramways {Electrical Power &c.).)

Olxviii. An Act to authorise the Bristol Tramways and Carriage Company Limited to extend their Tramways and to confer further powers upon that Company. (Bristol Tramways {Extensions).)

Olxix. An Act to authorise the Neath Pontardawe and Brynaman Railway Company to construct additional railways in the County of Glamorgan to extend the times for the taking of lands for and for the completion of their authorised railways and for other purposes. {Neath Pontardawe and Brynaman Railway.)

Olxx. An Act to confer further powers on the Plymouth and Stonehouse Gas Light and Coke Company and for other purposes. {Plymouth and Stonehouse Gas.)

<)lxxi. An Act to authorise and provide for the construction of certain Sea Defence Works between Newhaven and Seaford in the County of Sussex and to enable the Newhaven Harbour Company to raise additional capital and the London Brighton and South Coast Railway Company to guarantee dividend thereon and for other purposes. (Newhaven and Seaford Sea Defences.)

Royal Assent, 2nd August 1898.

olxxii. An Act to consolidate and convert the capital of the Gas Light and Coke Company and for other purposes. (Gas Light and Coke Company's (Capital Consolidation).)

Clxxiii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Coventry in regard to their gas undertaking and for other purposes. (Coventry Corporation Gas.)

Digitized by v^ooQle

AJ). 1898.]

Local Acts.

837

clxxiv. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Great Western Railway Company in respect of their own undertaking and upon that Company and the London and North Western Railway Company and the Midland Railway Company in respect of undertakings in which they are jointly interested for amalgamating the Helston and Leominster and Kington Railway Companies with the Groat Western Railway Company and for other purposes. {Great Western Railway {General Powers).)

clxxv. An Act to empower the Leyton Urban District Council to work tramways for the time being owned by them within their district to make further and better provision for the good government and improvement of the district and for other purposes. {Leyton Urban District Council.)

Clxxvi. An Act to enable the London Tilbury and Southend Railway Company to construct works and purchase additional lands for the improvement of their undertaking to subscribe towards the undertaking of the Whitechapel and Bow Railway Company or to guarantee interest on the capital of that Company and to make other provisions with respect to the use by the Tilbury Company of the London and Black wall Railway and Stations thereon and for other purposes. {London Tilbury and Southend Railway.)

Clxxvii. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Metropolitan Railway Company in relation to their own undertaking and for the ventilation of their railway and upon that Company and the Metropolitan District Railway Company in relation to the working of their undertakings by electrical power and upon those Companies and the South Eastern Railway Company with respect to certain lands at Cannon Street and for other purposes. {Metropolitan Railway.)

clxxviii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Middlesbrough in relation to the Supply of Gas. {Middlesbrough Corporation (Gas).)

Clxxix. An Act to empower the Corporation of Tynemouth to obtain water from the River Font in the County of Northumberland for the supply of the Borough of Tynemouth and adjacent places and for other purposes. {Tynemouth Corporation {Water).)

clxxx. An Act to alter the constitution of the Dublin Port and Docks Board to confer further powers on that Board with respect to the creation and issue of stock and the borrowing of money and for other purposes. {Dublin Port and Docks.)

Clxxxi. An Act to extend the time for the completion of the authorised railways of the Easton and Church Hope Railway Company and for other purposes. {Easton and Church Hope Railway {Extension of Time).)

Clxxxii. An Act for making a tramroad in the County of Dublin and for other purposes. Hill of Howth

Tramroad.)

Y

Digitized by LjOOQle

y

338

Table of the Statutes.

[61 k 62 Vicrr.

'X

clxxxiii. An Act for conferring further powers upon the London and North Western Railway Company in relation to their Chester and Holyhead Railway and for other purposes. (London and North Western Railway ( Wales).)

Clxxxiv. An Act to authorise the construction of a railway from Jordanston to St. David's and for other purposes. (St. Davids Railway.)

clxxxv. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Clacton Gas and Water Company and to authorise the acquisition by the Clacton Urban District Council of the undertaking of that Company and for other purposes. (Clacton Gas and Water.)

Clxxxvi. An Act to confer powers on the Maldon Water Supply Company Limited and to authorise the transfer of their undertaking to the Corporation of Maldon and for other purposes. (Maldon Water.)

clxxxvii. An Act to extend the limits of supply of the Southampton Gaslight and Coke Company and to confer on them further powers for the acquisition of lands the raising of additional capital and for other purposes. (Southampton Gas.)

clxxxviii. An Act to confer further powers on the Caledonian Railway Company in relation to their undertaking to revive the powers and extend the time for the purchase of lands for and for the construction and completion of certain railways to provide for the acquisition by the Company of the Crieff and Comrie Railway and for other purposed. (Caledonian Railway.)

clxxxix. An Act to reconstitute the Deputies of the “ Resident “ Freemen and Freemen's Widows of the Borough of Leicester” and to amend the Act passed in the eighth and ninth years of the reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria constituting such Deputies. (Leicester Freemen's.)

CXC. An Act to authorise the Provost Magistrates and Town Council of the Burgh of Paisley to create and issue stock to borrow money in respect of the redemption of Paisley Burgh Annuities the improvement of the Burgh Slaughter House and redemption of annuity and discharge of debts affecting the same and for other purposes. (Paidey Corporation (Loans).)

OXCi. An Act for the abolition of the Church Rate leviable in the Parish of Saint Marylebone in the County of London and for securing otherwise the maintenance of the fabrics of certain Churches and Chapels in the Parish and the stipends of the Incumbents of such Churches and for other purposes. (Saint Marylebone (Church Rite Abolition).)

CXCii. An Act to confer further powei s upon the Corporation of the County Borough of Burnley with respect to Tramways and to their Electric Lighting and other undertakings to make further provision for the improvement and good government

Google

A.D. 1898.]

Local Acte.

339

of the Borough to amend and extend the provisions of the Local Acts relating to the Borough and for other purposes. {Burnley Corporation {Tramways &c.).)

CXCiii. An Act to enable the Ipswich Dock Commissioners to make certain works in connexion with their dock and to confer various further powers upon the Commissioners and for other purposes. {Ipswich Dock.)

CXCiv. An Act for incorporating the Usk Valley Railway Company and authorising them to construct a railway in the Counties of Monmouth and Brecon and for other purposes. ( Usk Valley Railway.)

CXCV. An Act to enable the Manchester Carriage and Tramways Company to provide for the consolidation of their share capital and for other purposes. {Manchester Carriage and Tramways Company.)

CXCVi. An Act to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of lands for and for the completion of certain portions of the Birmingham North Warwickshire and Stratford-upon-Avon Railway and for other purposes. {Birmingham North Warwickshire and Stralford-upon-Avon Railway.)

CXCVii. An Act to confer additional powers upon the North Eastern Railway Company for the construction of new railways and other works and the acquisition of additional lands and for amalgamating the Scarborough and Whitby Railway Company with the Company and for other purposes. {North Eastern Railway.)

CXCViii. An Act for vesting in the Isle of Wight Railway Company the undertaking of the Brading Harbour and Railway Company and for other purposes. {Isle of Wight Railway {Brading Harbour and Railway).)

P. CXCix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 to 1890 relating to Montrose and Perth. {Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation {No. 9).)

P. CC. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Holborn and St. Giles. {Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation {No. 13).)

P. cci. An Act to confirm certain Pro\ isional Orders made by tLe Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Colwyn Bay Macduff Medina River Portsmouth Camber Quays and South wold. {Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation {No. 2).)

P. ccii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to East Ham Urban District Tramways Eccleshill Urban District Tramways Huddersfield Corporation Tramways and Linthwaite Tramway. {Tramways Orders Confirmation {No. 2).)

V 2

Google

340

Table of the Statutes.

[61 & 62 Vict.

P. cciii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Broughton-in-Furness Water Hay ling Water Portsmouth Water Ross Water Saint Neot's Water and Wrexham Water. ( Water Orders Confirmation.)

Royal Assent, 12th August 1898.

P. CCiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Acts 1870 to 1893 to enable the School Board for London to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. {Education Department Provisional Order Confirmation {London).)

P. CCV. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Aldershot Bridgwater Chislehurst Gravesend and Hastings. {Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation {No. 5).)

P. CCVi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Middlesbrough Nuneaton St Alban Whiston and Willesden. {Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 7).)

P. CCVii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Birkdale Burslem Chorley Crewe Maidenhead and Stoke-upon-Trent. {Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation {No. 8).)

P. CCViii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order granted by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 to the Midland Electric Corporation for Power Distribution (Limited) in respect of an area situate in the County of Stafford. {Electric Lighting Order Confirmation {No. 15»

P. CCix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relatihg to Blackpool St. Anne's and Lytham Tramways Great Crosby Tramways Liverpool Corporation Tramways (Extensions) and Waterloo-with-Seafor th Tramways. {Tramways Orders Confirmation {No. 1).)

P. CCX. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Carlisle Tramways Hartlepool Tramways and City of Oxford and District Tramways. {Tramways Orders Confirmation {No. 3).)

P. CCXi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Borough of Devonport. {Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation {No. 10).)

Digitized by LjOOQie

A.D. 1898.]

Local Acts.

341

P. CCXii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Cheltenham (two) Ful-wood Salford and Worthing and to the Hanley Stoke and Fenton Joint Hospital District {Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation {No. 13).)

P. CCXiii. An Act to confirm a Scheme relating to East Sheen Common in the Parish of Mortlake Surrey. {Metropolitan Commons {East Sheen) Supplemental.)

P. CCXiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Secretary of State under the Military Lands Act 1892. {Military Lands Provisional Orders Confirmation {No. ).)

P. CCXV. An Act to empower the Secretary of State in Council to purchase Lands .in connexion with the Store Department of the India Office. {India Office {Store

CCXvL An Act to authorise the Trustees of the late John Gordon of Cluny to construct additional Works at the Harbour of Buckie in the Parish of Rathven and County of Banff and to enable the Commissioners of the Burgh of Buckie to grant guarantees in connexion with the revenue of the Harbour and tor other purposes. {Buckie {Cluny) Harbour.)

CCXVH. An Act to authorise the Great North of Scotland Railway Company to widen alter and improve parts of their railway to buy additional land and for other purposes. {Great North of Scotland Railway)

CCXViii. An Act to incorporate and confer powers on the Newhaven and Seaford Water Company. {Newhaven and Seaford Water.)

CCXix. An Act to authorise the Exeter Teign Valley and Chagford Railway Company to construct Deviation Railways to revive the powers and further extend the time limited for the completion of their authorised railway and for other purposes. {Exeter Railway.)

CCXX. An Act to confirm an agreement for the purchase of the undertaking of the Sheffield Electric Light and Power Company by the Corporation of Sheffield and to confer borrowing powers and other powers on the said Corporation. {Sheffield Electric Lighting {Transfer).)

CCXXi. An Act to empower the London County Council to make certain street improvements to purchase lands to make provision for contributions in certain cases by Local Authorities to remove obstructions in certain streets to make various miscellaneous provisions relating to the London County Council and for other purposes. {London County Council {General Powers).)

ccxxii. An Act to regulate the expenditure of money by the London County Council on Capital Account during the current financial period and the raising of money to meet such expenditure. {London County Council {Money).)

Google

342

Table of the .

[61 & 62 Tier.

CCXXiii. An Act to dissolve and re-incorporate the Mid Kent Water Company Limited to extend their limits of supply and to confer further powers for the construction of works the raising of capital and otherwise in relation to their undertaking. (Mid Kent Water.)

CCXXiv. An Act to ti ansfer to and vest in the Sheffield District Railway Company the Treeton and Brightside Railway of the Midland Railway Company to abandon certain authorised railways of the Company to confirm agreements between the Company and other companies and for other purposes (Sheffield District Railway.)

CCXXV. An Act to empower the Corporation of Carlisle to obtain water from Old Water and New Water and other tributaries of the River Gelt in the county of Cumberland for the supply of the city of Carlisle and other places within their limits of supply and for other purposes. ( Corporation

( Water).)

CCXXVi. An Act to enable the Provost Magistrates and Town Council of the Royal Burgh of Forres to purchase the undertaking of the Forres Water Company Limited to authorise them to construct new works and to supply water to the Royal Burgh of Forres and the parishes of Forres Rafford and Dallas in the county of Elgin. (Forres Water.)

CCXXVii. An Act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City and County of Newcastle-upon-Tyne to convey to the Trustees of the Newcastle-upon-Tyne Royal Infirmary a portion of the Castle Leazes as a site for a new infirmary. (Newcastle-upon-Tyne Corporation (New Infirmary Site).)

ccxxviii. An Act to confer further powers upon the North British Railway Company in connexion with their undertaking to authorise the Burntisland Harbour Commissioners to lease certain of their lands and for other purposes. (North British Railway (General Powers).)

ccxxix. An Act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Portsmouth with reference to the acquisition construction and working of Tramways in the said Borough and for other purposes. (Portsmouth Corporation Tramways.)

CCXXX. An Act to authorise the Urban District Council of Filey to supply water and gas and to acquire the undertaking of the Filey Water and Gas Company. (Filey Water and Gas.)

ccxxxi. An Act for the granting of further powers to the Newcastle and Gateshead Water Company and for other purposes. (Newcastle and Gateshead Waterworks.)

CCXXXii. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Devonport and District Tramways Company and for other purposes. (Devonport and District Tramways.)

Google

AJX 1898.]

Local Acts.

343

CCXXXlii. An Act to empower the Chelsea Electricity Supply Company Limited to acquire lands and erect generating stations and for other purposes. (Chelsea Electricity Supply.)

CCXXXiv. An Act for conferring further powers upon the London and North Western Railway Company in relation to their own undertaking and other undertakings in which they are interested jointly with other companies and for other purposes. (London and North Western Railway.)

CCXXXV. An Act to empower the Metropolitan Electric Supply Company Limited to use lands at Acton Lane for the purpose of their undertaking and to lay certain cables or wires in streets and along the Grand Junction Canal and for other purposes. (Metropolitan Electric Supply Company.)

ccxxxvi An Act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the County Borough of Rochdale to acquire the undertaking of the Todmorden Waterworks Company to construct additional waterworks and for other purposes. (Rochdale Corporation Water.)

ccxxxvii. An Act to authorise the improvement of the existing Harbour and the construction of a Dock at Seaham Harbour in the County of Durham and works connected therewith and for other purposes. (Seaham Harbour Dock.)

ccxxxviii. An Act to provide for the sale and transfer of the undertaking of the West Melton Waterworks Company Limited to the Wath-upon-Deame Urban District Council and to confer further powers on the said Council with reference to the supply of water and for other purposes. (Wath-upon-Deame Urban District Council Water.)

cfiTTYir. An Act to incorporate a Company for making Railways between Windsor and Ascot and for other purposes. (Windsor and Ascot Railway.)

CCXL An Act to extend the time for the construction of certain waterworks authorised by the Heywood Waterworks Act 1877 to vest the water undertaking of the Heywood Corporation in a joint Board and for other purposes. (Heywood Waterworks (Transfer).)

CCXlL An Act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Todmorden to construct certain reservoirs and other waterworks and for other purposes. (Todmorden Corporation Water.)

Ccxlii. An Act to extend the Borough of Bolton and the Urban Districts of Turton and Westhoughton and for other purposes. (Bolton Turton and Westhoughton .)

CCXliii. An Act to authorise the Corporation of Glasgow to acquire additional lands and to construct additional works for Sewage purposes to raise further moneys and for other purposes. (Glasgow Corporation (Sewage ic.).)

Google

344

Table of the Statutes. [61 & 62 Vicr.

CCXliv. An Act for making a Light Bailway between Knott End and Pilling in the County Palatine of Lancaster and for other purposes. {Knott End Railway.)

CCXlv. An Act for incorporating the Rhymney and Aber Valleys Qas and Water Company for conferring powers on them for the construction of works the supply of gas and water the purchase of certain gas and water undertakings and for other purposes. {Rhymney and Aber Valleys Gas and Water.)

CCXlvi. An Act for the abandonment of the Kingstown and Kingsbridge Junction Railway. {Kingstown and Junction Railway {Abandonment).)

ccxlvii. An Act to provide for the Redemption of the Mersey Railway Redeemable First Debenture Stock and for other purposes. {Mersey Railway {Capital).)

CCXlviii. An Act to authorise the Lancashire Derbyshire and East Coast Railway Company to construct certain new and substituted railways in connexion with their Chesterfield and Lincoln Separate Undertaking to raise additional capital and for other purposes. {Lancashire Derbyshire and East Coast Railway.)

CCXlix. An Act to empower the Lincoln and Coast Railway and Dock Company to abandon the construction of certain authorised harbour works and to construct other works in lieu thereof to transfer to the Company the undertakings of the Louth and East Coast and Sutton and Willoughby Railway Companies to confirm agreements with those Companies and with the Great Northern Railway Company for the raising of additional capital by the Company and for other purposes. {Lincoln and East Coast Railway and Dock.)

CCL An Act to make more effectual provision for preventing the pollution and obstruction of the streams in the County of Middlesex and to confer further powers on the County Council of Middlesex for that purpose to give to the Council powers in relation to making loans to Local Authorities main roads and other matters and to enlarge in some respects the powers of District Councils in the said County. {Middlesex County Council.)

CCli. An Act for authorising the Corporation of the City of Liverpool to execute certain street improvementsand to acquire and appropriate permanently as open spaces certain Burial Grounds within the City for conferring further powers on the Corporation in relation to children trading in the streets and other matters for amending various Local Acts in force within the City and for other purposes. {Liverpool Corporation.)

CClii. An Act to authorise the construction by the Fishguard and Rosslare Railways and Harbours Company of new railways from Cork to Fermoy and Waterford to Rosslare and the acquisition by the Company of the undertakings of the Fermoy and Lismore and the Waterford Dungarvan and Lismore Railway Companies to confer running powers over certain

x

Digitized by CnOOGie

A.D. 1898.]

Local Acte.

345

railways to extend the time for completion of works authorised by the Fishguard Bay Railway and Pier Act 1893 and for other, purposes. {Fishguard and Railways and

Harhowrs.)

•ccliii. An Act to enable the Great Central Railway Company to make new railways to acquire additional lands to stop up certain streets to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of certain lands for the completion of certain railways and for the sale of superfluous lands to raise additional capital to confer further powers upon the Manchester South Junction and Altrincham Railway Company to confirm an agreement with the Great Northern Railway Company to make agreements with the Great Western Railway Company and for other purposes. {Great Centred Railway)

CCliv. An Act to empower the Great Western Railway Company to make new railways a harbour at Weymouth and other works and for other purposes. {Great Western Railway {Few Works).) .

oclv. An Act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Keighley to construct additional waterworks to purchase lands for the protection of their waters and waterworks to make new streets and street improvements and to extend the powers of the Corporation in regard to the health local government and improvement of the Borough and for other purposes. {Keighley Corporation.)

CClvi. An Act for conferring further powers on the London United Tramways Limited for constructing tramways and widening and altering roads for using mechanical power on their tramways and for other purposes. {London United Tramways.)

OClvii. An Act to confer powers upon the Urban District Council of Paignton in the County of Devon with respect to the purchase and laying out of land for a Recreation Gropnd to make better provision for the improvement hoalth and local government of the District and for other purposes. {Paignton Improvement)

•CClviii. An Act to authorise the construction of tramways in and near the Borough of St. Helens to extend the boundaries of that Borough and to confer further powers, on the Corporation of St. Helens in regard to streets buildings sewers and drains and the health local government and improvement of the Borough and for other purposes. Helen's Corporation.)

CClix. An Act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen ancMBurges?es "of *the County Borough of West Ham and to make further provision for the good government of that Borough and for other purposes. (West Ham Corporation.)

•CClx. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers upon the Wey Valley Water Company for extending the limits of

Digitized by LjOOQle

346

Table of ike Statute*. [61 & 62 Vicrr.]

supply of and conferring further powers upon the Frimley and Farnborough District Water Company and the Faraham Water Company Limited for authorising agreements between those Companies and other water companies and for other purposes. (Wey Valley Frimley and Famham Water.)

CClxi. An Act to empower the Metropolitan District Railway Company to subscribe towards the capital of the Whitechapel and Bow Railway Company and for other purposes. (Whitechapel and Bow Railway.)

CClxii. An Act for empowering the Cardiff Railway Company to construct new railways in the County of Glamorgan to make further provisions as to the capital of the Company and for other purposes. ( Cardiff Railway.)

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

/.AN Act to confer further powers on the Executors and Trustees of the Will of the late Thomas Andrew Walker in relation to his real and personal estate. ( Walker's Estate.)

AN Act to dissolve the Marriage of Edith Susan Anna Vernon Hart the wife of Henry Chichester Hart with the said Henry Chichester Hart and to enable her to marry again and for other purposes. {Bart's Divorce.)

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Cliffe Henry Vigors of the New Barracks Limerick a Captain in the Royal Irish Regiment with Katharine Mary Vigors his now wife and to enable him to marry again and for other purposes. ( Divorce.)

PRIVATE ACT.

PRINTED BY THE QUEEN'S PRINTER,

PRIVATE ACTS.

NOT PRINTED.

847

TABLE IV.

Showing the Effeot of the Tear's Legislation.

ACTS OF FORMER SESSIONS (IN CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER) REPEALED OR AMENDED BY ACTS OF 61 & 62 VICT.*

Statute  and Subject-matter or Short Title. How affected. Chapter

Chapter.   61 A 62 Viet.

26 Hen. 8. c. 14 - Suffragan Bishops - Explained 11.

8 A 4 James I.:

c. 5 Popish Recusants S. 13 from “ Provided ”

repealed. Lag * v

1 Will, and Mary:

c. 26 Presentations belonging to S. 2 from " Provided ” rep. J

Papists.

88 Geo. 8. :

c. 5 Land Tax .... Ss.9,14-16,21,22, 48,48,

89, 105, 110, 114, ISO, 135 repealed. 1 22 (Stat Law f Rev.).

c. 60 99 99 • S. 2 repealed

42 Geo. 3. c. 116 i 99 99 * * * * Ss. 5, 75, 177, 183 rep. - J

48 Geo. S. c. 140 53 Geo. 3. : Dublin Police Magistrates, Ac. - S. 66 amended - 37, s. 67.

c. 123 Land Tax ... Ss. 8, 9 repealed - 1 22 (Stat. Law

c. 142 >4 99 * * Ss. 4, 5, 7 repealed J R«v)-

55 Geo. 3. c. 89 - Court Houses (Ireland) Ss. 1, 2 repealed i

1 A 2 Geo. 4 : c. 33 Lunatics (Ireland) Ss. 1, 4-13 rep.; s. 2rep. >37, s. no.

in part. J

4 Geo. 4. :

c. 19 National Debt - - - - S. 18 repealed 22 (Stat. Law

Rev.).

c. 33 County Treasurers (Ireland) - Repealed 87, s. no.

5 Geo. 4. e. 83-7 Geo. 4. : Vagrancy - Amended as to E. - 39.

c. 14 Lunatic Asylums (Ireland) S. 1 rep. with saving 87, s. 110.

c. 74 Prisons (Ireland) Ext. prospectively to State inebriate reformatories. 60, ss. 4, 26 (J).

7 A 8 Geo. 4 :

c. 58 Excise Management... As to E. ss. 67,82-85 rep. in part; ss. 86-92 rep. 46, s. 17.

9 Gee. 4.:

c. 38 Land Tax Commissioners Se. 1-8 repealed - 22 (Stat Law

Rev.).

c. 82 Lighting of Towns (Ireland) - Repealed with saving 87, s. 110.

10 Geo. 4. c. 24 -  11 Geo. 4. A 1 Government Annuities - S. 24 amended - 46, s. 18.

WilL 4. c. 22. - Dublin (Richmond Asylum) S. 2 rep. so far as it applies; 87, s. 110.

repealed enactments; ss. 8, 5 repealed.

2 A 8 Will. 4.:

c. 85 Charities (Ireland) ... Repealed ... 87, ss. 15 (13),

110.

* Acts continued annually by the Expiring Laws Continuance Act are not noticed in this Table. Bepeals by the Statute Law Revision Act are not generally noticed, as being of little practical importance. When, however, a repeal extends to the whole Ac:, or even entire sections or schedule, it is entered in the Table.

Digitized by v^ooQie

348

Effect of Legislation.

[61 & 62 Yict.

Statute

and

Chapter.

3 & 4 Will. 4.:

c. 37 c. 68 c. 78

c. 90

4 & 5 Will. 4.:

c. 51

c. 60

5 &6 Will. 4.0.26 «&7 Will. 4.:

c. 85

c. 66 c. 116

7WD1.4. &1 Viet.: c. 2

c. 22 c. 54

a & 2 Viet. :

c. 51

c. 53

c. 56

c. 106 c. 115 c. 116 '2 k 3 Viet. :

c. 1 e. 50

8 & 4 Viet. C. 108

-4*5 Viet. :

e. 10

c. 20

Subject-matter or Short Title.

How affected.

61 k 62 Viet

Church Temporalities (Ireland) Public Houses (Ireland)

Grand Juries (Ireland)

Lighting and Watching -

S. 72 repealed S. 10 amended -8. 74, from “ Provided “ always,” repealed.

S. 44 extended

87, s. 110. 46, s. 16.

37, s. 110.

38.

Excise Management Land Tax Assizes (Ireland)

Marriages

Births and Deaths Registration Grand Jury (Ireland)

Grand Jury (Ireland) -

Births and Deaths Registration -County Treasurers (Ireland) -

Grand Jury Cess (Dublin) County Treasurers (Ireland) -

Poor Relief (Ireland)

Pluralities -

County Dublin Baronies •

County Institutions (Ireland) -

Poor Relief (Ireland)

Public Works (Ireland)

Municipal Corporations, L-

Ss. 19, 23 rep. in part as to E.

S. 5 repealed

Ss. 2,3 rep. in part; s. 4 rep.

S. 20 amended; ss. 89,42 rep. in part.

S. 35 extended

Ss. 4-28, 30, 37, 89-42, 45, 47-49, 60-64, 72, 74, 75, 81, 91, 92, 94, 96, 111, 124, 127-134, 136, 138, 142,144-149, 152-154,166,175-177; Schedules Z, X, Y, T rep.; ss. 29, 32-35, 38, 43, 46, 60, 52, 55, 69, 84, 87, 107, 110, 117, 135, 139, 155, Sch. S., rep. in part; ss. 93, 126 rep. with saving ; ss. 106, 135, 137, 139, 140 am.; SS. 106, 135-140, 162 extended.

Ss. 2 from “ and for,” 3,4, 8,12-16 rep.

Ss. 23,29 extended

Rep. with saving as to s. 7.

S. 2 repealed

Rep. with saving as to s. 1.

Ss. 89-91 am.; s. 114am. as to guardians; ss. 20, 23-25, 62, 74, 81-86, 88 rep.; es. 17, 19, 21, 81, 32, 44, 75, 78-80 rep. in part.

Explained; s. 77 am.

Repealed -

Repealed

Ss. 2, 5 rep.

Bs. 18, 19 rep. with saving; ss. 22-24 rep.

Ss. 81-34, 86-47, 49,50,

54, 56, 64-70, 73, 88, 98, 138, 150 rep.; ss. 14, 16, 18, 30, 52, 53,

55, 57-59, 71, 74, 81, 88, 85, 86, 89, 92, 93, 95, 125, 129, 130, 186, 153 rep. in part.

46, s. 17.

22 (Stat Lav Rev.).

37, s. 110.

58, ss. 4,15.

58, s. 7 (5).

87, ss. 5 (1), (9), 12 (2),15 (IS), 110.

37, s. 110.

58, ss. 11 (4), 14.

• 37, s. 110.

87, ss. 61(1), (7), 63 (1), no.

48, ss. 9, 13 (3). ► 37,8. 110.

87. si. 38, 110.

Burning of Houses (Dublin) Excise Management

Repealed - - 37, s. 110.

Ss. 6, 30 as to E., repealed 46, is. 15, 1

Google

A.D. 1898.]

Effect of Legislation.

319

Statute  and  Chapter. Subject-matter or Short Title. How affected. Chapter  of  61 A 62 Viet.

5 A 6 Viet. c. 104 I Municipal Corporations (Ireland) S. 7 repealed

6 & 7 Viet.:

c. 32 Grand Juries (Ireland) Ss. 1-13, 15-18, 21-25 repealed.

c. 92 Poor Belief (Ireland) - Ss. 1-3 rep. with saving; ss. 4, 11 rep. in part; ss. 12, 13, 19, 20, 22-26 repealed.

e. 93 Municipal Corporations (Ireland) Ss. 2-4, 13, 14, 19, 20, 27,28 rep.; ss. 5,26 rep. in part.

7 & 9 Viet C. 106 County Dublin Grand Jury Ss. 2-4, 6-12,16, 18, 27, 28, 30, 41, 46, 61, 62, 64-84,86-106,109,111, 112, 122-128,131, 134, 135, Schs. I.-XIV., XVI. rep.; ss. 5,18,42, 45, 47, 51, 58, 85, 108, 110,114, Sch. XV. rep. in part; s. 29 rep. with saving. >37, 8.110.

8 & 9 Viet.:

c. 81 Grand Jury (Dublin) - Ss. 2, 8, 8, 9, 11 repealed S. 76 repealed

e. 83 Poor Law (Scotland)  21,8. 1.

c. 107 9 A 10 Viet.: Lunatic Asylums (Ireland) Ss. 13-16, 20-22, Scheds. rep.; s. 19 rep. so far as it applies repealed enactments; s. 25 rep. in part. 37,s. 110.

c. 3 Fisheries (Ireland) Extended - 87, s. 18 (8).

c. 37 Coroner* (Ireland) - Ss. 2, 7-17, 20, Schs. A., B. rep.; ss. 3-6,18,21, 24, 29, 42, 43 rep. in part. 37, s. 110.

c. 66 Poor Removal - S. 1 extended 60, s. 22.

10 All Viet. c. 81 Poor Belief (Ireland) Ss. 6, 12, 16 rep.; ss. 11, 13,15 rep. in part.

11 *12 Viet.:   •87, 8. 110.

c. 25 M 99 S. 3 rep. in part

c. 26 Grand Jury Cess (Ireland) Rep. except s. 6

c. 32 County Cess (Ireland) Repealed

c. 42 Indictable Offences S. 23 amended 7.

c. 69 12 & 13 Viet.: Malicious Injuries (Ireland) Extended; s. 2, from " Provided always,” repealed. 37, ss. 5 (9), 110.

c. 91 Bates, Dublin ... Amended; ss. 82, 34, 41 rep.; s. 29 and Schs. A., B., rep. in part. 37, ss. 66 (10), 110.

c. 104 Poor Belief (Ireland) Ss. 6-9, 11 rep; ss. 25-28 rep. in part.

13 A 14 Viet. c. 82 Grand Jury Cess (Ireland) Repealed -

14 A 15 Viet.:   [-37,8. 110.

c. 65 Grand Jury Cess (Dublin) Repealed -

c. 68 15 A 16 Viet: Poor Belief (Ireland) S. 7 rep.; ss. 6, 11, 12, 18 rep. in part.

c. 5 Municipal Corporations - Repealed -

c. 56 Pharmacy ... S. 10,2nd “and every” to next “ society” rep. 25, s. 8.

c. 63 Valuation (Ireland) Am.; ss. 26, 33, 47 rep.; ss. 31, 32 rep. in part 87, ss. 65, 110.

c. 76 Common Law Procedure - S. 108, “not exceeding “ forty-eight in all” rep.  Digitized by CjOO^Ic 6.  \

350

Effect of Legislation.

[61 & 62 Yict.

Statute  and  Chapter. Subject-matter or Short Title.

16 & 17 Yict.:

c. 30 Criminal Procedure

e. 38 Malicious Injuries (Ireland)

c. 136 Grand Jury (Ireland)

17 & 18 Viet.:

c. 8 Valuation (Ireland)

c. 103 Towns Improvement (Ireland) •

18 A 19 Yict :

c. 109 Lunatic Asylums (Ireland)

c. 126 Criminal Justice

19 A 20 Viet t

c. 63 Grand Jury (Ireland)

c. 68 Prisons (Ireland)

c. 99 Lunatic Asylums (Ireland)

20 A 21 Yict :

c. 7 Grand Jury Cess (Ireland)

e. 15 Grand Jury (Ireland) -

c. 45 Boundaries (Ireland)

c. 60 Bankruptcy (Ireland) -

21 A 22 Yict c. 44 Universities and College Estates

22 Yict c. 85 Municipal Corporations •

28 A 24 Yict;

e. 19 Labourers (Ireland)

c. 59 Universities and College Estates

c. 74 Borough Coroners (Ireland)

c. 142 Union of Benefices

c. 152 Tramways (Ireland)

24 A 25 Viet:

c. 44 Australian Colonies

c. 63 County Surveyors, Ac. (Ireland)

c. 70 Locomotives -

c. 102 Tramways (Ireland)

25 A 26 Yict.:

c. 83 Poor Relief (Ireland)

c. 106 County Surveyors (Ireland)

c. 113 Poor Removal -

26 A 27 Yict c. 7 Tobacco Duties -

28 A 29 Yict.:

c. 88 Locomotives ...

How affected.

Chapter

of

61 A 62 Yict

S. 9, “ one of ” to “ State “ or ” rep.

Extended; s. 1, from “Pro-“ vided always,” rep. Extended

41, a. 15. 37,m.5 (9), 110. 37, a. 18 (8).

Amended; s. 3 repealed -Se. 11, 12,17, 19,22,25, Sch. £. rep. 5 a. 29 xirt. rep.; at. 4, 7, 10, 14, 21, 24, 26, 64 rep. in part; 88. 5 in part, 68 rep., as to urban districts ; a. 88 extended. Se. 1, 2, 5-7 rep. with saving.

S. 1 extended

37, 88. 65. 110. 37, as. 26 (4), 35, 110.

37, 8.110. 60, s. 26 (a).

Ss. 1-12, 14-16, 19 rep.-Ext. prospectively to State inebriate reformatories. Rep. with saving -

Ss. 1, 2 repealed • Repealed -S. 3 repealed S. 285 repealed -

Ss. 1, 3-20, 22-25, 28 from “ Provided al-“ ways,” Schedule rep.; ss. 27, 28 am.

Repealed -

87, s. no.

60, ss. 4,26(d).

-37, s. no.

22 (Stat Law Rev.).

55, 88. 3, 5,8.

37,8. 110.

S. 2 repealed

Ss. 1 “ or grant,” 2, 3, 6, rep.; b. 1 am.

S. 1 rep. in part

S. 9 amended

S. 36 rep.; 8. 88, “ of not “ less than two-thirds ” rep.

S. 4 repealed -

Repealed

S. 4 am. and rep.in part; s. 6 from “ and in case ” rep.

S. 5 repealed

Ss. 8, 4, 7 rep. in part; Ss. 13-20, 24, 25 rep.

S. 2 “the Lord” to“»P” «» proval of” rep.

Ss. 1, 2 amended

S. 1 amended -

22 (Stat law Rev.).

55, ss. 4, 8.

37, 8. 110.

23.

37, 88. 93, 110.

22 (Stat Law Rev.).

37, 8. 110.

29, 88. 1, 18.

>37, 8. no.

21, 8. 6.

10, 8. 1 (2).

S. 8 “Firstly” to end of par., “ between the “ hours ” to “ sunrise,” and from “ but it shall “ be lawful ” rep.

29, s. 18.

'V

Google

A.D. 1898.]

Effect of Legislation.

351

Statute i  Chapter

and Subject-matter or Short Title. How affected. of

Chapter.   61 & 62 Viet

28 * 29 Viet, s c. 88

c. 89 v. 122

c. 126

29 & 80 Viet.:

c. 88 c. 84

c. 97

c. 117

c. 122 80 & 31 Viet.:

c. 6 e. 46

c. 84

c. 106

c. 112

e. 118

c. 181

31 & 32 Viet.:

c. 49

c. 97 c. 121

32 & 83 Viet. :

c. 14

c.44

c. 79

c. 92 c. 102

3S&84 Viet. c. 46 34 & 33 Viet. :

c. 47

c. 98

c. 106 c. 109

Record of Title (Ireland)

Greenwich Hospital -Clerical Subscription •

Prisons -

Poor Persons Burial (Ireland) -Solicitors (Ireland)

Oysters (Ireland)

Reformatory Schools -

Metropolitan Commons -

Metropolitan Poor

County Treasurers (Ireland) -

Vaccination -

Poor Law -

Public Works (Ireland)

Lunacy (Ireland) -

Companies > -

Representation of the People, I.

Lunatic Asylums (Ireland) Pharmacy -

Revenue -

Greenwich Hospital

Local Officers* Superannuation (Ireland).

Fisheries (Ireland)

Metropolitan Board of Works -

Irish Land ...

Metropolitan Board of Works -

Vaccination

County Boundaries (Ireland) Local Government (Ireland)

Ss. 2, 5 revived as from 1893.

S. 29 rep.; s. 43 ext.

S. 2 from “I, A. B.” virt. rep.

Ext. prospectively to State inebriate reformatories.

Ss. 11 from “hut,” 17, para, numbetod (1), (2), (4), 19, 41 rep.; ss. 17 (5), 67, Sch. L rep. prospectively; s. 20 virt. rep.

S. 1 rep. in part

Repealed

S. 3 am.; s. 16 virtually revived; ss. 5-16 ext.

Ext. prospectively, as to 8., to certified inebriate reformatories.

Schedule I. amended

S. 69 (8) extended -

Ss. 4-9, 12-15, 19, 20 rep.; a. 11 rep. in jpart; s. 17 rep. with saving.

Ss. 6, 12,19 rep.; ss. 7,8, 15-17, 20, 29, 37 rep. in part, temporarily.

Schedule repealed

S. 29 extended -

Repealed

Ss. 2-5 rep.; ss. 1, 6, 8 rep. with saving.

S. 25 amended

Ss. 19, 21-23 rep.; s. 24 rep. in part.

Repealed ...

Ss. 18-21 repealed

S. 32 “and every” to “ by this Act ” rep. as to E.

S. 4 “ naval ” repealed ; 8. 5 amended.

S. 5 repealed with saving

S. 14 extended

S. 38 repealed -

Ss. 65-67 repealed -

S. 11 repealed -

Ss. 10,11 " take or,” “to “ be taken ” repealed temporarily.

Rep. except s. 4 - - i

S. 11 repealed in part; ss. 20,21, 27 repealed.

22 (Stat. Law Rev.), s. 3.

24, ss. 1, 2.

48, s. 1 (4).

60, s. 4.

41, ss. 13, 15.

37, s. 110.

17, S. 63.

28, ss. 5, 6.

60, s. 25 (e).

43.

45.

87, s. 110.

49, ss. 1, 9.

22 (Stat. Law Rev.).

38.

|»37, 8. 110.

26.

137, s. 110.

25, s. 8.

46, s. 17.

24, ss. 3, 4.

37, s. 110.

28, s. 4.

22 (Stat. Law Rev.).

37, s. 110.

22 (Stat. Law Rev.).

49, s. 9.

187, s. 110.

Google

362

Effect of Legislation.

[61 & 62 Tier.

Statute   Chapter

and Subject-matter or Short Title. How affected. of

Chapter.   61 & 62 Viet,

35 & 36 Viet:

c. 48 County Boundaries (Ireland) - S. 5 repealed 87, s. 110.

c. 55 Basses Lights • Repealed 44, s. 8.

c. 58 Bankruptcy (Ireland) - Ss. 82-89 repealed 22 (Stat. Lav

Rev.).

c. 60 Municipal Elections Repealed 37, s. 110.

c. 62 Education (Scotland) - S. 61 restricted 57, s. 12 (6).

c. 69 Local Government Board (Ire- S. 4, from “ and save as ” 87, s. 110.

land). repealed.

c. 72 Turnpike Trusts Arrangements Repealed 122 (Stat. Lav

c.85 86& 87 Viet.:  c. 65 Turnpike Acts Continuance S. 12 repealed - / Rev.).

Grand .luries (Ireland) - S. 2 repealed 87, s. 110. 1

c. 66 Supreme Court of Judicature - S. 67 repealed

C. 90 Turnpike Acts Continuance Repealed 1 22 (Stat. Lav I Rev.).  I

c. 91 Statute Law Revision Schedule

37 &38Viet.:

c. 7 Middlesex Sessions Repealed - - - J

c. 70 Valuation (Ireland) S. 2, " in equal w to 37, 8. no.

“ assizes in each year ”

c. 95 Turnpike Acts Continuance rep. Repealed - 1 22 (Stat. Law

88&89 Viet.:   f Rev.).

c. 17 Explosive Substances - S. 52 repealed -  Ss. 67(5), 75,116 (4) am.; J  37, ss. 6, 110.

Municipal Elections • 8. 118 repealed in part, with saving.

c. 40  Repealed 37,8. no.

c. 45 Sinking Fund -Public Health Am. (temp.) - 5, s. 1 (3).

c.55  S. 322 repealed - 22 (Sul Law

Rev.).

c. 56 County Surveyors (Ireland) S. 3 repealed 87,s. no.

c. 65 Metropolitan Board Ss. 9, 11 repealed 22 (Stat. Law

Rev.).

c. 67 Lunatic Asylums (Ireland) S. 9 repealed prospec- 37, 8. 76 (3).

tively in certain cases.

c. 87 Land Transfer S. 128 repealed - 22 (Stat. Iaw

Rev.).

c. 89 Public Works Loans S. 11, Sch. I. am. 54, ss. 3,5.

89 & 40 Viet.:

c. 8 Epping Forest - Repealed 22 (Stat. Law

Rev.).

c. 21 Jurors Qualification (Ireland) - Schs. I., II. amended - 37, s. 69 (7).

c. 36 Customs Consolidation - Ss. 42, 49, 50 amended - 46, ss. 1, 2, 3.

c. 38 Pauper Children (Ireland) Repealed 30, s. 6.

c. 39 Turnpike Acts Continuance Repealed - - 22 (Stat. Law

Rev.).

c. 50 Poor Law Rating (Ireland) Ss. 8, 5, 6 repealed 37, s. 110.

c. 55 Metropolitan Board S. 11 repealed - 22 (Stat Law

Rev.).

c. 65 Tramways (Ireland) S. 4 repealed 87,s. 110.

c. 67 Suez Canal Shares S. 2 amended 10, s. 15.

c.76 Municipal Privileges (Ireland) - Ss. 3-5 am.; s. 4 rep. in 37, ss. 94 (12),

part. 110.

40 & 41 Viet.:

* c. 17 Quarter Sessions (Boroughs) - 1 Repealed 22 (SUL Law

Rev.).

c. 21 Prisons - - Ext. prospectively to State inebriate reformatories. Ss. 37, 38, 51 from 60, a. 4.  41, ss. 6 (5), 15.

“ Provided always" rep.; ss. 40, 41 am.

c. 27 Public Works Loans (Ireland) • S. 5 rep. with saving 37,8. 110.

X

Google

A.D. 1898.]

Effect of Legislation.

353

1  Statute   Chapter

and Subject-matter or Short Title. How affected. of

Chapter.   61 & 62 Viet.

40 & 41 Viet. :

c. 32 Public Loans Remission Repealed 22 (Stat. Law

Rev.).

c. 42 Fisheries (Oyster, &c.) -Prisons (Ireland) S. 10 explained - 28, s. 8.

c. 49  Ext. prospectively to State 60, ss. 4,26 (rf).

inebriate reformatories.

c. 52 Metropolitan Board S. 23 repealed 22 (Stat. Law

Rev.)

c. 53 Prisons (Scotland) - Ext. prospectively to State 60, ss. 4, 25 (c).

inebriate reformatories.

c. 55 Public Record Office S. 1 amended 12.

c. 57 Supreme Court of Judicature, I. S. 75, rep. in part. 87, 8. 110.

c. 64 Turnpike Acts Continuance Repealed 22 (Stat. Law

Rev.).

c. 68 Destructive Insects S. 7 (2) amended 37, s. 6.

41 ft 42 Viet.:

c. 15 Customs and Inland Revenue - S. 3 to " always that ” rep. 10, s. 18.

c. 24 Lunatic Asylums (Ireland) Repealed 37, s. 110.

c. 37 Metropolitan Board of Works - Ss. 22, 24 repealed 22 (Stat. Law

Rov.).

c. 49 Weights and Measures - S. 79 "by inquiry” to 37, s. 110.

Public Health (Ireland) - "jury” rep.

c. 52  Ss. 6, 232, 284 rep. in 37,ss.31,32,110.

part; s. 206 rep.; s. 104, ext.; s. 150, am.

Sch. A. repealed 1 22 (Stat. Law

c. 62 Turnpike Acts Continuance Repealed f Rev.).

c. 63 Prison (Officers Superannuation) Ext. prospectively to State 60, s. 4.

inebriate reformatories.

c. 77 Highways and Locomotives S. 17 repealed 22 (Stat. Liw

S. 23 am.; ss. 29, 31, 32 Rev.).  29, 88. 12, 18.

rep. with saving.

42 ft 43 Viet.:

c. 19 Habitual Drunkards Ss. 6, 10,26,27 am.; s. 21 from " An unautho- 60, ss. 13, 15, 16,

18-20, 28.

rised,” Sch. I. rep.; ss. 6, 10 rep. in part;

Sch. II. rep. prospectively; as. 4, 5 virt.  won

c. 25 Dispensary Houses (Ireland) - rep*  S. 11 amended; as. 11-13 37, ss. 91, 110.

rep. in part.

c. 49 Summary Jurisdiction - Schedule I. extended CO, s. 2.

c. 58 Municipal Elections (Ireland) - Repealed

c. 57 Public Health (Ireland) S. 2 rep.; s. 4 rep. in >37, s. 110.

part.

c. 60 East India Loan - - S. 19 repealed -

c. 69 Metropolitan Board of Works - Ss. 3-7, 9-11, 13, 16-26, 28, Sch. rep. .22 (Stat. Law f Rev.).

43 & 44 Viet, s

c. 1 Public Works Loans Repealed J

c. 19 Taxes Management S. 57 (9) repealed 10, 8. 16.

c. 24 Spirits - - - Extended - - 10, s. 4 (3).

Ss. 94, 124 (4), 130 am.; 46, s. 14.

s. 140 expl.; s. 32 (2) rep. 22 (Stat. Law

c. 25 Metropolitan Board of Works - Ss. 4—6, 8, 18, 16—25, 27,

Sch. I. rep. Rev.).

c. 46 Universities and College Estates S. 2 (3), Sch. repealed - 55, a. 8.

44 ft 45 Viet :

c. 12 Customs and Inland Revenue - S. 11 ext.; s. 18 (2) am. 46, ss. 4, 5.

c. 35 Coroner* (Ireland) S. 3 rep. in part; s. 4 rep. 37, s. no.

Z

Google

354

Effect of Legislation.

[61 & 62 Vict.

Statute

and

Chapter.

Subject-matter or Short Title.

Ilow affected.

44 & 45 Vict.: i c. 38 c. 48

Public Works Loans Metropolitan Board of Works -

c. 58 I Army - - -j

45 & 46 Vict. : I

c. I Consolidated Fund (No. 1) c. 4 j Consolidated Fund (No. 2) c. 7 Army (Annual)- ' ■ ' -

c. 8 ' Consolidated Fund: (No. 8). c. 10 | Military Manmuvres , -c. 12 [ Militia Storehouses c. 13, : Arklow Harbour el 19 Interments (felo de se) c. 25 | Prevention of Crime (Ireland) -a 28 ! Consolidated Fund (No. 4) • -

c. 32 • Public Offices Site ■ i -c. 33 | Metropolitan Board of Works -

c. 36 Casual Poor -c. 37 j Corn Returns '

■ c. 38 I Settled Land

c. 3d c. 41 c. 42 c. 45 c, 47

c. 48 0.49

Conveyancings r' -

Customs and Inland Revenue -• Civil Imprisonment (Scotland) w Bombay Civil Fund j Arrears of Rent (Ireland)

| Reserve Forces -Militia - '

c. 50 c. 51 c. 52 c. 53 c. 59 c. 61 c. 62 c. 63 c. fe4 c. 67 c. 68

c. 69 c. 71 c. 72

c. 75 C. 77 c. 78 c. c.

46 & 47 Vict. :

c. 79 c. 81

c. 1 -

c. 5 c. 6

Municipal Corporations Government Annuities -Turnpike Acts-Gontinuahce Entail (Scotland).

Educational Endowments, S.

Bills of Exchanger

Public Works Loans Constabulary (Ireland)

Expiring Laws Continuance South Wales Turnpike Roads -Corrupt Practices (Suspension of Elections).,

Intermediate Education, I. Appropriation

Revenue, Friendly Societies and National Debt.

Married Women's Property Citation Amendment (Scotland) Fishery Boaid (Scotland)

India (Home Charges Arrears)

' Sotnertham Rectory -

■ l

Consolidated Fund ( Permanent ■ Charges Redemption). Consolidated Fund (No. ,1) Consolidated Fund (No. 2)

Army (Annual) 1 -

S. 10 repealed -Ss. 3-9, 11, 14,17, 20-30, 32, 34, Schedules repealed.

S. 154 amended -

Repealed - -

Repealed-

Ss. 2, 3, Sch. repealed -• Repealed

Repealed - -

S. 1 repealed Ss. 2, 4 repealed -S. 1 repealed Repealed -Repealed - -

Ss. 4, 6, 8, 22 repealed -

Ss. 3-10, 12, 15, 18-26,

28, Schedules rep.

S. 2 repealed S. 3, Schedule repealed -S. 64, Schedule repealed -Ss. 3, 4, 6-10, 12-14, 16, 17, 31,34, 55 extended to Universities and Colleges iu England.

S. 13, Schedule repealed -Ss. 2-4, 8-12 repealed -Ss. 2, 7 repealed -Ss. 1, 6 repealed Ss. 1-15, 17, 22, Sch. I. rep.

S. 2, Schedule repealed -S. 12 amended -S. 53 (2),Sch. I. rep. in pt. S. 2. Sch. II. repealed Ss. 4, 5, 29, 243 rep. Schedule repealed Rep. except ss. 8-10 Schedule repealed -Ss'. 3, 47 repealed S. 96, Sch. II. repealed -Ss. 3-5, 9 repealed S. 7 repealed Repealed - - -

S. 5, Schedule repealed -Repealed -

S. 2 repealed Repealed

S. 20, Schs. II.-IV. rep.

S. 22 repealed

S. 2 repealed

S. 3 lepealed

Repealed

Ss. 2, 15 repealed

S* '3 repealed

Repealed

Repealed

Ss. 2, 3, Schedule rep.

Google

Chapter

of

61 & 62 Vict.

44, *. 8.

22 (Star. Law Rev.).

1, s. 4.

! 22 (Stat. ‘ Rev.).

55, s. 1.

22 (Stat. Law ‘ Rev.).

J

9, s. 2. 37, 110.

22 (Stat. Law * Rer.>.

A.D. 1898.]

Effect of Le

355

Statute  and  Chapter. , Subject-matter or Short Title.  ;

46 A 47 Viet.:

c. 10 Customs and Inland Revenue -

c. 12 Prevention of Crime (Ireland) -

c. 13 Consolidated Fund (No. 3)

c. 16 Lord Alcester's Grant

c. 17 Lord Wolseley's Grant

c. 18 Municipal Corporations -

c. 21 Turnpike Acts Continuance

c. 22 Sea Fisheries - -

c. 23 Consolidated Fund (No. 4)

c. 24 Relief of Distressed Unions, I.

c. 26 Sea Fisheries (Ireland) -

c. 27 Metropolitan Board of Works -

c. 32 Greenwich Hospital

• c. 34 Cheap Trains - -

c. 36 City of London Parochial Charities.

c. 38 Trial of Lunatics

c. 39 Statute Law Revision -

c. 40 Expiring Laws Continuance

c. 42 Public Works Loans -

c. 43 Tramways (Ireland)

c. 46 Corrupt Practices (Suspension of Elections).

c. 47 Provident Nominations and Small-Intestacies.

c. 48 Cholera Hospitals (Ireland)

c. 49 Statute Law Revision and Civil Procedure.

c. 50 Appropriation -

c. 51 Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention.

c. 52 Bankruptcy

c. 55 Revenue ...

c. 57 Patents, Designs and Trade Marks.

c 58 Post Office (Money Orders)

c. 59 Pnblic Health (Ireland) -

c. 60 Labourers (Ireland)

47 4 48 Viet:

c. 1 Mr. Speaker's Retirement

c. 8 London Brokers Relief -

c. 4 Consolidated Fund (No. 1)

c. 8 Army (Annual)

c. 15 Consolidated Fund (No. 2)

c. 16 Bankruptcy Frauds and Disabilities (Scotland).

c. 17 Metropolitan Police

c. 18 Settled Land ....

c. 19 Summary Jurisdiction over Children (Ireland).

c. 21 Sea and Coast Fisheries Fund, I.

c. 25 Customs and Inland Revenue -

c. 28 Tramways and Public Companies

c. 30 Great Seal - - -

c. 36 Prisons (Ireland) -

c. 39 Naval Discipline

c. 43 Summary Jurisdiction

c. 44 Naval Pensions -

Z 2

How affected.

Chapter

of

61 & 62 Viet

Ss. 2, 8-12 repealed Repealed Repealed -Repealed Repealed -S. 5 repe lled -Repealed S. 29 repealed Repealed S. 4 repealed S. 2 repealed -He. 4-8, 12, 15-17, 20, 23, 25, Sch. I. repealed. S. 6 repealed S. 8 explained -S. 9 repealed Repealed -

Schedule repealed Schedule repealed Repealed -

Ss. 3-7, 10 repealed Amended -

Repealed

Ss. 5, 6 repealed

Repealed

Ss. 4, 5 repealed -Repealed

Ss. 67,70, Schs. IV.,V. rep.

S. 3, Sch. V. repealed S. 16, Schedule repealed -Ss. 118,115, Sch. III. rep.

Ss. 5, 8, Sch. II. repealed S. 3 repealed Ss. 5-7, 17 rep. in part -S. 22 repealed

Repealed Repealed -Repealed

Ss. 2, 3, 8, Sch. repealed -Repealed ... S. 2 repealed

Schedule repealed -S. 4 ext. to Universities and Colleges in England. S. 3 repealed

S. 5 repealed -Repealed

Repealed ... Ss. 3, 5, Sch. repealed -Ext. prospectively to State inebriate reformatories. S. 9, Schedule repealed -S. 2, Schedule repealed -Ss. 4, 5, Schedule repealed

1

I

I 22 (Stat. Law ' Rev.).

24, s. 5.

1

I 22 (Stat. Law j Rev.).

J

37, s. 92.

22 (Stat. Law Rev.).

37, s. 32. 37, s. 110. 1

22 (Stat. Law Rev.).

55, s. 1.

22 (Stat Law ” Rev.).

60, ss. 4, 26(d).

}22 (Stat Law Rev.).

Google

S

:t.:

c. 46

c. 49

C. 50

C. 51

C. 52

C. 53

C. 54

c. 55

c. 58

c. 59

c. 61

c. 63

c. 64

c. 6 >

c. 70

c. 73

c. 76

c. 77

c. 78

t.:

c. 1

c. 2

c. 3

c. 6

c. 7

c. 8

c. 9

c. 10

c. 12

c. 14

c. 15

c. 16

c. 17

c. 23

c. 26

c. 30

c. 33

c. 37

c. 39

c. 42

c. 44

C. 50

c. 51

C. 54

c. 57

c. 59

c. 64

c. 65

c. 66

c. 69

c. 77

Effect of Legislation.

Subject-matter or Short Title.

How affected.

Naval Enlistment -Public Works Loans Metropolitan Board of Works -

Prisons -

Turnpike Acts Continuance

Expiring Laws Continuance Yorkshire Registries Pensions and Yeomanry Pay -Prosecution of Offences -Cholera Hospitals (Ireland) Supreme Court of Judicature --Trusts (Scotland) -

Criminal Lunatics New Parishes and Church Building.

Municipal Elections (Corrupt and Illegal Practices). Appropriation -Post Office (Protection) -Public Health (Ireland)

Corrupt Practices (Suspension of Elections).

Additional Income Tfx -Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Representation of the People -Consolidated Fund (No. 2)

Cape of Good Hope (Advance) -Army (Annual) -Municipal Voters Relief -Elections (Hours of Poll) -Constabulary (Ireland) Redistribution.

Consolidated Fund (No. 3) Registration ... Registration (Scotland) -Parliamentary Registration, I. -Redistribution of Seats

Yorkshire Registries -Local Loans Sinking Funds Metropolis Management -Turnpike Acts Continuance Cholera Hospitals (Ireland) Greenwich Hospital -Exchequer and Treasury Bills -Metropolitan Board of Works -

Customs and Inland Revenue -

Pluralities

Revising Barristers -Expiring Laws Continuance Appropriation -Public Works Loans Registration Appeals (Ireland) -Criminal Law Amendment Labourers (Ireland) ...

Schedule repealed Repealed -Ss. 3-7, II, 14-26, 22, Schedules repealed.

Ext. prospectively to State inebriate reformatories. Rep. except a. 6 (4) in part.

Repealed

S. 51, Sch. I. repealed -Ss. 8,9, Schedule repealed 8. 5 repealed -Repealed

Ss. 2, 22 repealed -S. 3 amended 8. 17. Schedules repealed S. 5, Schedule repealed -

Ss. 38,89,41, Sch. ILiep.

Repealed ...

Ss. 2,21, Schedule repealed Ss. 2, 3, 6 repealed S. 5 repealed Repealed ...

Repealed

Repealed -

S. 13, Sch. II. repealed -

Repealed -

Repealed

Ss. 2, 3, Schedule repealed Rep. as to Ireland -Ss. 3, 5 repealed -Ss. 2, 3 repealed -

Repealed

Ss. 10, 17, 18, Schs. rep.-S. 16 repealed Ss. 1,10,11,14, 31 rep.-Ss. 3, 17, 19, 27-34, Sch.

VIII. rep.

S. 6 repealed - - -

S. 8 repealed

Sa. 1, 2, 4, 5 repealed *

Repealed

Repealed -

S. 8, Schedule repealed -

Repealed

Ss. 3-9, 13, 18-24, 26, Schedules rep.

Ss. 2, 10, 22-24, 27, Schedule rep.

Explained; sa.2,3 amended

Repealed

Repealed -

Repealed

Repealed

Repealed

Ss. 14, 19, Schedule rep.-Ss. 12, " declared by such I ** order to be,” 18 cp. J

Google

A.D. 1898.]

Effect of Legislation.

C57

Statute

and

Chapter.

-48 & 49 Viet.:

c. 78 c. 79 c. 80

49 & 50 Viet.:

c. 4 c. 7 c. 8 c. 9

c. 10 c. 11

c. 15 c. 17 c. 18 c. 21 c. 22 c. 25 c. 26 e. 30 c. 33 c. 34

c. 36 c. 88 c. 39 c. 45 c. 48 c. 50 C. 54 c. 55 c. 56

c. 59

50 & 51 Viet.:

c. I e. 2 c. 3 c. 4 c. 5 c. 15 c. 35 c. 37

51 &52 Viet.:

C. 19 C. 41

52&53 Viet.:

c. C

c. 36

Subject-matter or Short Title.

Educational Endowments, I. Crown Lands -Union Officers (Ireland)

Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Army (Annual) ... Prison (Officers Superannuation)

Contagious Diseases Acts Repeal Metropolitan Police (Compensation).

Sporting Lands Katirg, S.

Poor Relief (Ireland)

Customs and Inland Revenue -Burial Grounds (Scotland) Metropolitan Police -Idiots -Appropriation -Patriotic Fund -International Copyright -Incumbents of Benefices Loans Extension.

West Indian Incumbered Estates Riot (Damages) - -

Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Public Works Loans Medical - - -

Removal Terms (Scotland) Extraordinary Tithe Redemption Shop Hours Regulation -Intoxicating Liquors (Sale to Children).

Labourers i Ireland)

Appropriation

Secret Service Money (Repeal) Submarine Telegraph -Belfast Commission -Expiring Laws Continuance Customs and Inland Revenue -Criminal Procedure (Scotland) -Public Works Loans

Inebriates - - -

Local Government

National Debt - -

Settled Laud -

c. 42 c. 54 c. 76 53 8c 54 Viet.:

c.80 c. 31 c. 60

c. 69

Revenue - -

Clerks of Session (Scotland) Technical Instruction -

Poor (Ireland) - -

Lunatic Asylum? (Ireland) Local Taxation (Customs and Excise).

Settled Land -

IIow affected.

Chapter

of

Cl & 62 Viet.

S. 3 repealed -Sch. I. repealed -Extended to District Councils.

Repealed -

Repealed

Ss. 2, 3, Schedule repealed Ext. prospectively to State inebriate reformatories. Repealed Repealed -

122 (Stat. Law ; J Rev.).

| 37, s. 68 (5).

}22 (Stat. Law Rev.).

| 60, s. 4.

h

Ss. 1, 4 repealed Ss. 2, 4, 10 repeuled Ss. 2, 4-8 repealed -Repealed

S. 8, Sch. II. repealed S. 3 repealed -Repealed S. 4 n- pealed -Sch. 111. repealed Repealed

Repealed

Sch. II. repealed -

S. 2 repealed

Ss. 2-9 repealed

S. 23, Schedule repealed

S. 2 repealed -

Ss. 1, 2 repealed -

Repealed

S. 5 repealed

I

22 (Stat. Law Rev.).

S. 18 rep?a!ed S. 5 repealed -

37, s. 110.

Repealed -

Repealed

Repealed

Repealed

Repealed -

S. 3 repealed ; s. 4 am.

S. 73 repealed

S. 5 repealed -

S. 4 amended S. 120 ext. to Ireland

22 (Stat. Law Rev.).

10, ss. 2, IS. 40.

44, s. 8.

60, s. 17.

37, s. 115 (19).

S. 2 repealed -Ss. 2, 3 ext. to Univer sities and Colleges in England.

S. 3 ext. s. 25 (a) rep. -S. 10 repealed S. 7 (I) amended

46, s. 19. 55, s. 1.

46, ss. 4, 14 (5). 40.

37, 8. 7.

S. 2 (2) am.; S. 3 rep. Ss. 3 in part, 4, rep.

S. 2 (iii.) a uended

37, ss. 62, 110. 37, es. 84 (3), 110. 56, s. 2.

Ss. 5, 8, 9 extended to Universities and Colleges in England.

55, 8. 1.

Google

358

Effect of Legislation.

[61 & 62 Vicrr.]

Statute  and  Chapter. Subject-matter or Short Title.  How affected. ; Chapter of  | 61 & 62 Viet.

54 & 55 Viet.:

c. 88 Stamp Duties Management  Ss. 14-16, 24 ext. ; s. 22 am. and explained; ss. 9, 10,12 am. 46, ss. 7 (6), 10, 12, 13.

c. 39 Stamps -  Ss. 54, 57 expl., s. 114 i ext. prospectively.  S. 53 (3) ext.; sch. I. rep. in part and am.; s. 9 (2) rep. 10, ss. 5, 6. 46, ss. 7, 8.

e. 46 Post Office - S. 8 am. as to E. - 18.

55 & 56 Viet:

c. 32 Clergy Discipline - S. 2 extended - 48,8.1 (5).

c. 41 Poor (Ireland) - - S. 2 (2) repealed - 37, s. 110.

c. 42 Irish Education 1 “ Baronial council,” “ local rate ” defined. 37, s. 74 (1).

c. 51 Education and Local Taxation Account (Scotland).  S. 2 (5) amended - 56, 8. 2.

56 & 57 Viet.:

c. 14 Statute Law Revision * Schedule amended 22 (Stat. Law Rev.).

c. 26 Prison (Officers Superannuation)  Ext. prospectively to State inebriate reformatories. 60, s. 4.

57 & 58 Viet :   1

c. 30 Finance ... - - ! Ss. 5 (2), 34, 41 (1) amended. 10, ss. 8, 13, 15.

c. 57 Diseases of Animals - S. 67 (1) amended -Sch. II. am. 37, s. 6. 56.

c. 60 Merchant Shipping -  Ss. 193 in part, 194, 643 to “those,” 644-646, 678, 678 rep.; ss. 193,  | 531, Part XI., ss. 676,  ! 679 amended; ss. 661-> 663 extended.  1 Extended; ss. 502-509 ext.; s. 508 rep. in part 44,ss.l (1),2(4), 4, 8.  14.

58 & 59 Viet:

c. 8 Grand Jury (Ireland) - Repealed 37, 8. 110.

c. 38 Isle of Man (Customs) - - S. 1 virt rep. in part 27.

59 & 60 Viet.:

c. 40 Telegraph - - Amended 33.

c. 41 Local Taxation (Ireland) Estate Duty.  8. 1 repealed 37, s. 48(1).

60 & 61 Viet.:

c. 2 County Dublin Surveyors - - Repealed 37,8. 110.

c. 26 Metropolitan Police Courts - S. 6 amended - 31.

c. 43 Military Manmuvres - Am.; s.» (1), (2) rep. - 37,88. 73, 110.

61 & 62 Viet.:

c. 2 Registration (Ireland; ' S. 1 (4) am.; s. 1 (5) “ before the end ” to “ ninety-eight ” rep. 37, 8. 98 (7), (9).

e. 41 Prisons -  Ext. prospectively to state inebriate reformatories. 60, s. 4.

Digitized by t^ooQie

TABLE V

A LIST

OP

THE LOCAL AND PRIVATE ACTS,

(61 & 62 Vict., 1898,)

ARRANGED IN CLASSES.

Class 1.—Bridges and Ferries.

„ 2.—Canals, Rivers, Navigations, Tunnels, and Subways.

„ 3.—Charitable Foundations and Institutions.

„ 4.—Drainages and Drainage Embankments.

„ 5.—Ecclesiastical Affairs, including Tithes.

„ 6.—Estates.

„ 7.—Fisheries.

„ 8.—Gaslight Companies and Undertakings.

„ 8a.-Electric Light Companies, Ac.

„ 9.—Harbours, Docks, Ports, Piers, Quays, Ac.

„ 10.—Improvements tn Towns, Municipal and County and Local Government Matters, Markets, &c.

„ 11.—Parks, Commons, and Open Spaces.

„ 12.—Parish Affairs.

„ 13.—Personal Affairs.

„ 14.—Railways.

„ 15.—Trading and other Companies.

„ 16.—Tramways and Tramroads.

„ 17.—Turnpike and other Roads.

„ 18.—Water Companies and Undertakings.

„ 19.—Provisional Orders Confirmation.

Note.—In this Table, words, printed in , following the Title, are added to

explain the principal purposes of the Act; where none are added, and the Title itself conveys no explanation, the Act may be considered as one giving General Powers.

Class 1.—Bridges and Ferries.

Belfast Harbour ( Establishment of Ferries). Ch. cv.

Fishguard and Rosslare Railways and Harbours (Construction of Opening Bridges over Rivers Suir and ). Ch. cclii.

Kew Bridge. Ch. civ.

Lancashire County Council (Bridges). Ch. i.

Google

360

Classified List of the Local and [61 A 62 Vict. Private Acts.

Class 2.—Canals, Rivers, Navigations, Tunnels, and

Subways.

New haven Harbour and Ouse Lower Navigation Amendment. Ch. lix.

Tyne Improvement (Constitution and Works). Ch. viii.

[For Act confirming Provisional Order under Merchant Shipping

Act, 1894, see Class 19 (10).]

Class 3.—Charitable Foundations and Institutions.

City of Belfast (Hospitals). Ch. liii.

Edinburgh Merchant Company. Ch. xxii.

G uy's Hospital. Ch. vi.

Leicester Freemen's. Ch. clxxxix.

Newcastle - upon - Tyue Corporation (New Infirmary Site).

Ch. ccxxvii.

Writers to the Signet Widows' Fund. Ch. ii.

Class 4.—Drainages and Drainage Embankments.

Nil.

[/hr Act confirming Provisional Order under Land Drainage Act, 1861, see Class 19 (7).]

Class 5.—Ecclesiastical Affairs, including Tithes.

Saint Marylebone (Church Rate Abolition). Ch. cxci.

Saint Matthew Bethnal Green (Church Rate Abolition). Ch. xiii. Saint Thomas Southwark and Saint Saviour Southwark. Ch. cxvi.

Class 6.—Estates.

Walker's. Ch. i.

Class 7.—Fisheries.

N

Class 8.—Gaslight Companies and Undertakings.

Aberystwyth. Ch. ix.

Bakewell. Ch. xlvi.

Blackburn Corporation (Tramways &c.) ( and Disconnection

of Meters). Ch. clxvi.

Burnley Corporation (Tramways &c.). Ch. cxcii.

Ciiy of Waterford. Ch. xvii.

Clacton Gas and Water. Ch. clxxxv.

Coventry Corporation. Ch. clxxiii.

Cromer. Ch. cxxxiii.

Drogheda (Corporation). Ch. cxxxiv.

Edinburgh and Leith Corporations. Ch. xv.

Google

SGI

A.D. 1898.] Classified List of the Local and

Private

Class 8.—Gaslight Companies and Undertakings—

continued.

Enfield. Ch. Ivii.

Filey Water and Gas. Ch. ccxxx.

Folkestone. Ch. x.

Gainsborough. Ch. cxii.

Gas Light and Coke Company's (Capital Consolidation). Ch. clxxii. Gloucester. Ch. lxix.

Halifax Corporation. Ch. cxlvi.

Hartlepool Gas and Water. Ch. xxi.

Ilkeston Corporation. Ch. lxx.

Market Harborough Urban District Council. Ch. lxxii. Middlesbrough Corporation. Ch. clxxviii.

Morley Corporation. Ch. xxvi.

Plymouth and Stonehouse. Ch. clxx.

Rbymney and Aber Valleys Gas and Water. Ch. ccxlv.

Saint AnneVon-the-Sea. Ch. lii.

Saint. Helen's Corporation. Ch. cclviii. (Part IX.).

Sheringham Gas and Water. Ch. cvii.

Southend-on-Sea. Ch. xlv.

Southampton. Ch. clxxxvii.

Stirling. Ch. cxli.

Swansea. Ch. xvi.

Thanet. Ch. Ixxiv.

Tottenham and Edmonton. Ch. clxi.

Whitwick and Coalville. Ch. xx.

Yeovil Corporation. Ch. cxvii.

York United Gas Light Company's. Ch. xlvii.

[For Acts confirming Provisional Orders relating to Gas ,

see Class 19 (3), (8 (a)) (14).]

Class 8a.—Electric Light Companies, &c.

Burnley Corporation (Tramways &c.). Ch. cxcii.

Chelsea Electricity Supply. Ch. ccxxxiii.

Gainsborough Gas ( Power to apply for Provisional Order to supply Electricity). Ch. cxii.

Halifax Corporation. Ch. cxlvi. (Part VI.).

Metropolitan Electric Supply Company. Ch. ccxxxv.

Saint Helen's Corporation. Ch. cclviii. (Part XI.).

Sheffield Electric Lighting (Transfer). Ch. ccxx.

West Ham Corporation ( Supply of Electric Fittings). Ch. cclix. (s. 73).

Yeovil Corporation {Use of Lands for generating Electric Power). Ch. cxvii.

[For Acts confirming Provisional Orders under Electric Lighting see Class 19 (1).]

362

Classified List of the Local and [61 & 62 Yict Private Acts.

Class B.—Harbours, Docks, Ports, Piers, Quays, &c.

Belfast Harbour. Ch. cv.

Buckie (Cluny) Harbour. Ch. ccxvi.

Dover Harbour. Ch. cxxxvi.

Dublin Fort and Docks. Ch. clxxx.

Fishguard and Rosslare Railways and Harbours. Ch. cclii.

Hull Barnsley and West Riding Junction Railway and Dock.

Ch. clii.

Ipswich Dock. Ch. cxciii.

Isle of Wight Railway (Brading Harbour and Railway). Ch. cxcviii. Lincoln and East Coast Railway and Dock. Ch. ccxlix.

Liverpool Corporation {Purchase of Site of George's Dock Ch. ccli.

Mersey Docks (New Works). Ch. xxviii.

Mersey Docks (Various Powers). Ch. iv.

Milford Docks. Ch. lviii.

Mumbles Railway and Pier. Ch. cxliv.

Newhaven and Seaford Sea Defences. Ch. clxxi.

Newhaven Harbour and Ouse Lower Navigation Amendment. Ch. lix.

North British Railway (General Powers) {Power to Burntisland Harbour Commissioners to lease Lands). Ch. ccxxviii.

Plymouth Corporation {Purchase of Undertaking for embanking part of the Lairy). Ch. cxxxix.

Seabam Harbour Dock. Ch. ccxxxvii.

Sheringham and Beeston Protection {Construction of Sea Wall $c.). Ch. lxxiii.

Turnchapel Quays and Wharves. Ch. cxl.

[For Acts confirming Provisional Orders under General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, see Class 19

(4), (10).]

Class 10.—Improvements in Towns, Municipal and County and Looal Government Matters, Markets, &c.

Aberdeen Corporation (Tramways). Ch. cii.

Bacup Corporation Water. Ch. clvi.

Bakewell Gas. Ch. xlvi.

Blackburn Corporation (Tramways &c.). Ch. clxvi.

Blackpool Improvement. Ch. cvi.

Bolton and Turton and Wcsthoughton Extension. Ch. eexlii.

Buckie (Cluny) Harbour {Power to Burgh Commissioners to grant guarantees). Ch. eexvi.

Burnley Corporation (Tramways <&e.). Ch. cxcii.

Cardiff Corporation. .Oh. cxxviii.

Carlisle Corporation (Water). Ch. ccxxv.

Carmarthen Improvement. Ch. cviii.

City of Belfast (Hospitals). Ch. liii.

Clacton Gas and Water. Ch. clxxxv.

Coventry Corporation Gas. Ch. clxxiii.

Customs and other Offices (Barry Dock). Ch. xxxiii.

Customs Offices (Southampton). Ch. xxxiv.

363

A.D. 1808.] Classified List of the Local and

Private Acts.

Class 10.—Improvements in Towns, Municipal and County and Local Government Matters, Markets,

&C.—continued.

Drogheda (Corporation) Gas. Ch. cxxxiv.

Dundee Corporation (Tramways). Ch. cxxix.

East Ham Improvement. Ch. exxiv.

Edinburgh and District Waterworks. Ch. xxiv.

Edinburgh and Leith Corporations Gas. Ch. xv.

Edmonton Urban District Council. Ch. lxiii.

Felixstowe and Walton Water. Ch. clxii.

Filey Water and Gas. Ch. ccxxx.

Foreign Cattle Market Deptford. Ch. li.

Forres Water. Ch. ccxxvi.

Glasgow Corporation (Sewage Ac.). Ch. eexliii.

Halifax Corporation. Ch. cxlvi.

Hamilton Water. Ch. cli.

Hey wood Waterworks (Transfer). Ch. ccxl.

Ilford Improvement. Ch. cxix.

Ilkeston Corporation. Ch. lxx.

India Office (Store Depbt). Ch. eexv.

Keighley Corporation. Ch. cclv.

Kettering Water. Ch. cliii.

Kew Bridge. Ch. civ.

Lancashire County Council (Bridges). Ch. i.

Leicester Freemen's. Ch. clxxxix.

Leyton Urban District Council. Ch. clxxv.

Liskeard Corporation. Ch. exxvi.

Liverpool Corporation. Ch. ccli.

London Building Act 1894 (Amendment). Ch. cxxxvii.

London County Council (Acton Sewage). Ch. cxliii.

London County Council (General Powers). Ch. ccxxi.

London County Council (Money). Ch. ccxxii.

Maldon Water. Ch. clxxxvi.

Market Harborough Urban District Council Gas. Ch. Ixxii.

Matlock Urban District Council. Ch. dx.

Middlesbrough Corporation (Gas). Ch. clxxviii.

Middlesex County Council. Ch. ccl.

Midlothian and Peebles District Board of Lunacy (Water Supply). Ch. iii.

Morley Corporation (Gas &c.). Ch. xxvi.

Newcastle-upon-Tyne Corporation (New Infirmary Site). Ch. ccxxvii. Newtown Water. Ch. clxiv.

Northam Urban District Water. Ch. cix.

Norton and Halton Roads. Ch. xxiii.

Norwich Electric Tramways ( Company to make street improvements and contribution by Corporation). Ch. cxxvii.

Nottingham Corporation. Ch. lxxi.

Paignton Improvement. Ch. cclvii.

Paisley Corporation (Loans). Cb. cxc.

Plymouth Corporation. Ch. cxxxix.

Portsmouth Corporation Tramways. Ch. ccxxix.

Rochdale Corporation Water. Ch. ccxxxvi.

Saint Helen's Corporation. Ch. cclviii.

Saint Marylebone (Church Rate Abolition). Ch. cxci.

Saint Matthew Bethnal Green (Church Rate Abolition). Ch. xiii. Sheffield Electric Lighting (Transfer) (to Corporation). Ch. eexx. Sheringham and Beeston Protection. Ch. lxxiii.

3G4

Classified List of the Local and [61 & 62 Vict. Private Acts.

Class 10— Improvements in Towns, Municipal and County and Local Government Matters, Markets,

&C.—continued.

Todmorden Corporation Water. Ch. ccxli.

Tynemouth Corporation (Water). Ch. clxxix.

Walli-upon-Dearne Urban District Council Water. Ch. cexxxviii. West Ham Corporation. Ch. cclix.

Wigan Corporation. Ch. cxxxv.

Wishaw Water (Additional Supply). Ch. cxxv.

Yeovil Corporation. Ch. cxvii.

[/or Acts confirming Provisional Orders under Acts relating to subjects embraced in this Class, see Class 19.]

Class 11.—Parks, Commons, and Open Spaces.

Cardiff Corporation (.Acquisition of Cathags Park). Ch. cxxviii. Carmarthen Corporation. Ch. cviii. (Part V.).

East Ham Improvement (as to Recreation Grounds). Ch. cxxiv. Edmonton Urban District Council (Acquisition of Py mines Park). Ch. lxiii.

Halifax Corporation (as to Recreation Grounds). Ch. cxlvi.

Tlford Improvement (as to Recreation ). Ch. cxix.

Leyton Urban District Council. Ch. clxxv. (Part VII.).

Liverpool Corporation (Appropriation of certain Burial Grounds as open spaces). Ch. ccli.

London County Council (General Powers). Ch.ccxxi.

Matlock Urban District Council (as to Recreation Grounds). Ch. clx. Paignton Improvement (Purchase of Land for Recreation Ground). Ch. cclvii.

Plymouth Corporation. Ch. cxxxix. (Part IX.).

Saint Helen's Corporation. Ch. cclviii. (Part XII.).

[For Acts confirming Provisional Orders under lnclosure Acts and Metropolitan Commons Actsf see Class 19 (6), (11).]

Class 12.—Parish Affairs.

Saiut Marylebonc (Church Rate Abolition). Ch. cxci.

Saint Matthew Bethnal Green (Church Rate Abolition). Ch. xiii. Saint Thomas Southwark and Saint Saviour Southwark (Union of Ecclesiastical Parishes). Ch. cxvi.

[ForActs confirming Provisional Orders under Elementary Education Acts and Poor Law Actsf see Class 19 (2), (8 (6)).]

Class 13.—Personal Affairs.

Patent.

Holmes's. Ch. xliv.

Dissolution of Marriage. (Not printed.)

Hart's Divorce.

Vigors' Divorce.

Digitized by v^ooQie

365

A.D. 1898.] Classified List of the Local and

Private Acts.

Class 14.—Railways.

Barry. Cb. cxlii.

Bideford and Clovelly. Ch. cxviii.

Birmingham North Warwickshire and Stratford-upon-Avon. Ch. cxcvi. Bombay Baroda and Central India. Ch. xlix.

Buenos Ayres Northern Railway Company's. Ch. cxxx.

Caledonian. Ch. clxxxviii.

Cardiff. Ch. cclxii.

Charing Cross Euston and Hampstead. Cb. cxiii.

Chipstead Valley. Ch. xviii.

City and Brixton. Ch. lx.

City and South London. Ch. xi.

Crowhurst Sidley and Bexhill. Ch. liv.

Easton and Church Hope (Extension of Time). Ch. clxxxi.

Exeter. Ch. ccxix.

Fishguard and Rosslare Railways and Harbours. Ch. cclii.

Foreign Cattle Market Deptford. ( of

Ch. li.

Glasgow and South Western. Ch. clix.

Great Central. Ch. ccliii.

Great Eastern (General Powers). Ch. Ixvi.

Great Eastern (Pensions). Ch. cxxi.

Great Eastern Railway Company and Midland and Great Northern Railways Joint Committee. Ch. cxx.

Great North of Scotland. Ch. ccxvii.

Great Northern. Ch. clxv.

Great Western (General Powers). Ch. clxxiv.

Great Western (New Works). Ch. ccliv.

Hull Barnsley and West Riding Junction Railway and Dock. Ch. clii.

Isle of Wight (Brading Harbour and Railway). Ch. cxcviii. Kingstown and Kingsbridge Junction (Abandonment). Cl), ccxlvi. Knott End. Ch. ccxliv.

Lanarkshire and Dumbartonshire (Capital). Ch. lxv.

Lancashire and Yorkshire. Ch. lxi.

Lancashire Derbyshire and East Coast. Ch. ccxlviii.

Lincoln and East Coast Railway and Dock. Ch. ccxlix.

London and North Western. Ch. ccxxxiv.

London and North Western (Steam Vessels). Ch. xix.

London and North Western (Wales). Ch. clxxxiii.

London Brighton and South Coast Railway. Ch. cxi.

London Chatham and Dover. Ch. cxlv.

London Tilbury and Southend. Ch. clxxvi.

London Walthamstow and Epping Forest. Ch. lxii.

Marianao and Havana Railway Company's. Ch. xxv.

Mersey (Capital). Ch. ccxlvii.

Metropolitan Ch. clxxvii.

Midland. Ch. 1.

Midland (West Riding Lines). Ch. clxiii.

Mumbles Railway and Pier. Ch. cxliv.

Neath Pontardawe and Brynaman. Ch. clxix.

North British (General Powers). Ch. ccxxviii.

North Eastern. Ch. cxcvii.

Rhondda and Swansea Bay. Ch. cxxxii.

Saint David's. Ch. clxxxiv.

366

Classified List of ike Local and [61 & 62 Vict. Private Acts.

Class 14.—Railways—continued.

Sheffield District. Ch. ccxxiv.

South Eastern. Ch. lv.

South Western. Ch. ciii.

Torrington and Okehampton. Ch. lvi.

Usk Valley. Ch. cxciv.

Whitechapel and Bow. Ch. cclxi.

Windsor and Ascot. Ch. ccxxxix.

Wirral. Ch. lxvii.

iFor Act confirming Provisional Order under Act,1896, see Class 19 (15).]

Class 15.—Trading and other Companies.

Agricultural Company of Mauritius. Ch. v.

Bombay Baroda and Central India Railway. Ch. xlix.

Buenos Ayres Northern Railway Company's. Ch. cxxx.

Clergy Mutual Assurance Society. Ch. cliv.

Colonial Bank. Ch. cxxxi.

Corporation of Foreign Bondholders. Ch. cxlix.

Crystal Palace Company's. Ch. cxxxviii.

Eastern Telegraph Company's. Ch. xii.

Liverpool and London and Globe Insurance Company's. Ch. lxviii. Manchester Carriage and Tramways Company. Ch. cxcv.

Marianao and Havana Railway Company's. Ch. xxv.

Patriotic Assurance Company's. Ch. vii.

Powell Duffryn Steam Coal Company (Limited). Ch. lxiv. Turnchapel Quays and Wharves. Ch. cxl.

Upper Assam Tea Company's. Ch. xiv.

Class 16.—Tramways and Tramroads.

Aberdeen Corporation (Tramways). Ch. cii.

Blackburn Corporation (Tramways <£c.). Ch. clxvi.

Blackpool and Fleetwood Tramroad. Ch. cl.

Blackpool Improvement. Ch. cvi.

Bristol Tramways (Electrical Power &c.). Ch. clxvii.

Bristol Tramways (Extensions), Ch. clxviii.

Burnley Corporation (Tramways <fec.). Ch. cxcii.

Cardiff Corporation. Ch. cxxviii.

Clontarf and Hill of Howth Tramroad. Ch. clxxxii.

Devonport and District Tramways. Ch. ccxxxii.

Dublin Southern District Tramways. Ch. clviii.

Dundee Corporation (Tramways). Ch, cxxix.

East Ham Improvement Ch. exxiv.

Foreign Cattle Market Deptford ( Cons of Tramway). Ch. li. Great Orme Tramways. Ch. xxvii.

Halifax Corporation. Ch. cxlvi.

Ilford Improvement. Ch. cxix.

Keighley Corporation. Ch. cclv. (Part V.).

Leyton Urban District Council. Ch. clxxv. (Part II.).

London United Tramways. Ch. cclvi.

Manchester Carriage and Tramways Company. Ch. cxcv.

Norwich Electric Tramways. Ch. cxxvii.

367

A.D. 1898.} Classified List of the Local and

Private Acts.

Class 16.—Tramways and Tramroads—continued.

Plymouth Corporation. Ch. cxxxix.

Portsmouth Corporation Tramways. Ch. ccxxix.

Saint Helen's Corporation. Ch. cdviii. (Part II.).

West Ham Corporation. Ch. cclix. (Part II.).

Wigan Corporation. Ch. cxxxv.

[For Acts confirming Provisional Orders under Tramways 1870, see Class 19 (16).]

Class 17—Turnpike and other Roads.

Middlesex County Council ( Power to resume management of Main Roads). Ch. qcl.

Norton and Halton Hoads. Ch. xxiii.

Class 18.—Water Companies and Undertakings.

Bacup Corporation. Ch. clvi.

Blackburn Corporation (Tramways &c.) (.of Time for Reservoirs). Ch. dxvi.

Brompton Chatham Gillingham and Rochester. Ch. xlviii.

Burnley Corporation (Tramways &c.). Ch. cxcii.

Carlisle Corporation. Ch. ocxxv.

Carmarthen.Improvement. Clucviii.

City of Norwich. Chi cxlviii.

Clacton Gas and Water. Ch'. clxxxv.

Cranbrook District. Ch. cxxii. '

Crawley and District. Ch. cxxiii.

East Ham Improvement ( Constant Supply). Ch. cxxiv.

Edinburgh and District. Ch. xxiv.

Felixstowe and Walton. Ch. clxii.

Filey Watpr and Gas. • Ch. eexxx.

Folkestone. Ch. cxlvii.

Forres. Ch. ccxxvi.

Halifax Corporation. Ch. cxlvi. (Part II.).

Hamilton. Ch. cli.

Hartlepool Gas and Water. Ch. xxi.

Hey wood (Transfer). Ch. ccxl.

Higham and Hundredof Hoo (Aimendment). Cli. clvii.

Ilkeston Corporation. Ch. lxx.

Keighley Oorporation. Ch. colv.

Kettering., Ch, cliii. (Part.III.).

Liskeard Corporation. Ch. exxvi.

Maldon. Ch. clxxxvi.

Matlock Urban District Council. Ch. clx.

Mid Kent. Ch. ccxxiii.

Midlothian and Peebles District Board of Lunacy (Water Supply).

Ch. iii. . i 1 - '

Newcastle and Gateshead, Ch. ccxxxi.

' Newhaven and Seaford. Ch. cexviii.

Newtown. Ch. clxiv.

North Warwickshire. Ch.'cx. - •

Northrun Urban District; ■ Ch. cix.

3oS Classified, List of the Local and [61 & 62 Vict.

Private A

Class 18.—Water Companies and Undertakings—

continued.

Faignton Improvement {Power to supply Sea Water), Ch. cclvii.

(s. 100).

Rhymney and Aber Valleys Gas and Water. Ch. ccxlv.

Rochdale Corporation. Ch. ccxxxvi.

Saint Helen's Corporation. Ch. cclviii. (Part X.).

Sheringham Gns and Water. Ch. evii.

Southend. Ch. cxiv.

South nark and Vauxball. Ch. cxv.

Staines Reservoirs. Ch. civ.

Todraorden Corporation. Ch. ccxli.

Tynemouth Corporation. Ch. clxxix.

Wath-upon-Doame Urban District Council Water. Ch. ccxxxviii.

Wey Valley Frimley and Farnham. Ch. cclx.

Wigan Corporation {Construction of Settling Tanks). Ch. cxxxv. Wishaw (Additional Supply). Ch. exxv.

Yeovil Corporation. Ch. cxvii.

[For Acts confirming Provisional Orders relating to Water Undertakings, see Class 19 (3), (14).]

Class 19.—Provisional Orders Confirmation.

(1.) Under Electric Lighting Acts :

Orders of Board of Trade. Ch. xxxvii. (No. 1) ; Ch. xxxviii. (No. 2) ; Ch. xxxix. (No. 3); Ch. xl. (No. 4) ; Ch. xcii. (No. 6); Ch. xciii. (No. 10); Ch. xciv. (No. 11); Ch. xcv. (No. 14); Ch. exeix. (No. 9) ; Ch. cc. (No. 13); Ch. ccv. (No. 5); Ch. ccvi. (No. 7) ; Ch. ccvii. (No. 8); Ch. ccviii. (No. 15).

(2.) Under Elementary Education Acts:

Orders of Education Department. Ch. Ixxxv. (Barnes Ac.) ; Ch. cciv. (London).

(3.) Under Gas and Water Works Facilities 1870:

Orders of Board of Trade. Ch. lxxxvi. (Gas (No. 1)); Ch. xcviii. (Gas (No. 2)) ; Ch. cciii. (Water).

(4.) Under General Pier and Harbour 1861 :

Orders of Board of Trade. Ch. xevi. (No. 1) ; Ch. cci. (No. 2).

(5.) Under Housing of the Working Classes 1890 :

(a.) Orders of Local Government Board. Ch. xeix.

{Devonport; Sheffield).

{b.) Orders of Local Government Board for Ireland. Ch. xxx. {Killiney and Hally brack); Ch. xlii. {Clonmel).

(c.) Order of Secretary for Scotland. Ch. lxxxviii. (Edinburgh).

(6.) Under Inclosure Acts,1845-1882 ;

Orders of Board of Agriculture. Ch. xxxvi. (Wolstanton Marsh) ; Ch. lxxxvii. (Runcorn).

(7.) Under Land Drainage Act, 1861 :

Order of Board of Agriculture. Ch. lxxv. {Hacconby Fen).

Digitized by (^ooQie

A.D. 1898.] Classified List of the Local and 369

Private Ads,

Class 19.—Provisional Orders Confirmation—

continued,

(8.) Under Local Government Acts:

(a.) Gas and Water Works Facilities 1870, and Public Health Act, 1875 :

Orders of Local Government Board. Ch. xcvii. (Selby Wenlock

Gas).

(b.) Poor Law Acts:

Orders of Local Government Board. Ch. c. (Lambeth;

St. Olave's).

(c.) Public Health Act, 1875, and Local Government Act, 1888:

Orders of Local Government Board. Ch. xxxi. (No. 1); Ch. xxxii. (No. 2) ; Ch. xxxv. (No. 3) ; Ch. lxxvii. (No. 4) ; Ch. lxxviii. (No. 5) ; Ch. Ixxix. (No. 6); Ch. lxxx. (No. 7) ; Ch. lxxxi. (No. 8) ; Ch. lxxxii. (No. 9); Ch. Ixxxiii. (No. 11) ; Ch. lxxxiv. (No. 12); Ch. ccxi. (No. 10); Ch. ccxii. (No. 13).

(9.) Under Local Government (Scotland) Acts:

Under Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892 :

Order of Secretary for Scotland. Ch. xci. (Leith).

(10.) Under Merchant Shipping Act, 1894:

Order of Board of Trade. Ch. xli. (Ttes Pilotage).

(11.) Under Metropolitan Commons Acts, 1866-1878:

Orders of Board of Agriculture. Ch. xxix. (Barnes) ; Ch. ccxiii. (East Sheen.)

(12.) Under Metropolitan Police Acts :

Order of Secretary of State. Ch. lxxvi.

(13.) Under Military Lands Act, 1892 :

Orders of Secretary of State. Ch. lxxxix. (Curragh of Kildare; Londonderry); Ch. ccxiv. (Woking; Salisbury Plain ; Colchester.)

(14.) Under Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878:

Orders of Local Government Board for Ireland. Ch. xxx. (No. 1); Qh. xlii. (No. 2) ; Ch. xliii. (No. 4) ; Ch. xc. (No. 3).

(15.) Under Railways (Ireland) Act, 1896 :

Order of Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council in Ireland. Ch. ci. (Letterkenny to Burtonport Extension.)

(16.) Under Tramways Act, 1870 :

Orders of Board of Trade. Ch. ccii. (No. 2) ; Ch. ccix. (No, 1); Ch. ccx. (No. 3).

