THE

LAW REPORTS.

THE PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES,

PASSED IN THE SIXTY-THIRD AND SIXTY-THIRD AND SIXTY-FOURTH YEARS

OF THE REIGN OF HER MAJESTY

QUEEN VICTORIA,

1900.

VOL. XXXVIII.

LONDON:

PRINTED BY EYRE AND SPOTTISWOODE,

FOR

T. DIGBY PIGOTT, Esq., C.B., PRINTER TO HIS MAJESTY OF ALL ACTS OF PARLIAMENT,

And Published for the Council of Law Reporting,

By WILLIAM CLOWES AND SONS, Limited,

DUKE STREET, STAMFORD STREET; AND 14, CHARING CROSS.

PUBLISHING OFFICE, 27, FLEET STREET, E.C.

1900.

CONTENTS.

Table Page

I. Table of the Titles of the Public General Acts passed during the Second Session 1899 - iii

Ia. Table of the Titles of the Public General Acts passed during the Session 1900 - iv

II. Table of the Titles of the Public Acts of a Local Character passed during the Session which are placed amongst the Local Acts - ix

THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

III. Table of the Titles of the Local and Private Acts passed during the Session - 199

IV. Table showing the Effect of the Year’s Legislation on Public General Acts - 230

V. Table of the Local and Private Acts arranged in Classes - 235

VI. Index to the Public General Acts - 246

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES.

[63 & 64 Vict.]

ERRATA.

Page 20, line 10 from bottom, for "but of any benefit" read "but if any benefit."

Page 139, line 1, for "dubeity" read "dubiety."

Page 168, marginal note to section 9, leave out "47 & 48 Vict. c." and insert

"44 & 45 Vict. c. 12.

57 & 58 Vict. c. 30."

Page 191, first marginal reference, for "c. 78" read "c. 73."

Page 193, marginal reference to section 1 (1), for "63 Vict." read " 63 & 64 Vict."

TABLE I.

A

TABLE

OF

The Titles of the Public General Acts passed in the Sixth Session of the Twenty-Sixth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

63 VICTORIA. A.D. 1899.

1. AN Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. (Appropriation.)

2. An Act to raise Money by Treasury Bills for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred. (Treasury Bills.)

3. An Act to explain References in the Acts of the last Session of Parliament to the next ensuing Session. (Second Session (Explanation).)

IV

TABLE Ia.

A

TABLE

OF

The Titles of the Public General Acts passed in the Seventh Session of the Twenty-Sixth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

63 & 64 VICTORIA. A.D. 1900.

1. AN Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred. (Consolidated Fund (No. 1).) 1

2. An Act to provide for raising Money for the present War in South Africa. (War Loan.) 2

3. An Act to Apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, one thousand nine hundred, and one thousand nine hundred and one. (Consolidated Fund (No. 2).) 4

4. An Act for taking the Census for Great Britain in the year one thousand nine hundred and one. (Census (Great Britain).) 5

5. An Act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army. (Army (Annual).) 8

6. An Act for taking the Census for Ireland in the year one thousand nine hundred and one. (Census (Ireland).) 11

7. An Act to grant certain duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other duties, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue and the National Debt, and to make other provision for the financial arrangements of the year. (Finance.) 14

8. An Act to remove Electoral Disabilities which may arise in the case of Members of the Reserve, Militia, and Yeomanry Forces, and in the case of Volunteers, by reason of absence on the Military Service of the Crown. (Electoral Disabilities (Military Service) Removal.) 21

9. An Act to authorise the grant out of Police Funds of certain Allowances and Gratuities in respect of Police Reservists who are called out on Permanent Service. (Police Reservists (Allowances).) 21

10. An Act to remove doubts respecting the powers of the Local Government Board for Ireland for determining the Area on which certain Expenses are to be chargeable. (Public Health (Ireland).) 23

11. An Act to provide further Money for the Uganda Railway. (Uganda Railway.) 23

12. An Act to constitute the Commonwealth of Australia. (Commonwealth of Australia Constitution.) 24

13. An Act to amend the County Councils (Elections) Act, 1891. (County Councils (Elections) Act Amendment.) 45

14. An Act to provide for the admission of Solicitors of Courts of British Possessions to the Supreme Courts in the United Kingdom. (Colonial Solicitors.) 45

15. An Act to amend the Law relating to Burial Grounds. (Burial.) 47

16. An Act to make further provision for the Term of Office of District Councillors and Guardians. (District Councillors and Guardians (Term of Office).) 53

17. An Act to amend the Royal Naval Reserve (Volunteer) Act, 1859, in relation to calling out the Volunteeis for Actual Service. (Naval Reserve (Mobilisation).) 54

18. An Act to amend the County Surveyors (Ireland) Act, 1862. (County Surveyors (Ireland).) 54

19. An Act for the acquisition of Property for building a new Land Registry Office and other Public Offices in London, and for purposes connected therewith. (Land Registry (New Buildings).) 55

20. An Act to amend the Law regarding Ecclesiastical Assessments in Scotland. (Ecclesiastical Assessments (Scotland).) 58

21. An Act to prohibit Child Labour Underground in Mines. (Mines (Prohibition of Child Labour Underground).) 60

22. An Act to extend the benefits of the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1897, to Workmen in Agriculture. (Workmen’s Compensation.) 60

23. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Removal of Paupers from England to Ireland. (Poor Removal.) 61

24. An Act to further amend the Law relating to Veterinary Surgeons. (Veterinary Surgeons Amendment.) 61

25. An Act to amend the Charitable Loan Societies (Ireland) Act, 1843. (Charitable Loan Societies (Ireland).) 62

26. An Act to amend the Law relating to Charges on Land and to matters connected therewith. (Land Charges.) 65

27. An Act for the better Prevention of Accidents on Railways. (Railway Employment (Prevention of Accidents).) 67

28. An Act to amend the Inebriates Acts, 1876 to 1899, for Scotland. (Inebriates Amendment (Scotland).) 72

29. An Act to assimilate the County Council and Borough Council Franchise in London. (London County Council Electors Qualification.) 73

30. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Beer Retailers’ and Spirit Grocers’ Licences in Ireland. (Beer Retailers’ and Spirit Orocers’ Retail Licences (Ireland).) 74

31. An Act to amend the Law with respect to Customs Duties in the Isle of Man. (Isle of Man (Customs).) 75

32. An Act to amend the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, with respect to the Liability of Shipowners and others. (Merchant Shipping (Liability of Shipowners and others).) 76

33. An Act for the Prevention of Cruelty to Wild Animals in Captivity. (Wild Animals in Captivity Protection.) 78

34. An Act to amend the Ancient Monuments Protection Act, 1882. (Ancient Monuments Protection.) 78

35. An Act to restrict the amount of Oil in Manufactured Tobacco. (Oil in Tobacco.) 80

36. An Act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans out of the Local Loans Fund, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans. (Public Works Loans.) 81

37. An Act to continue various Expiring Laws. (Expiring Laws Continuance.) 84

38. An Act to extend the Elementary School Teachers (Super-annuation) Act, 1898, to Teachers serving in the Isle of Man, and to service as a Teacher in that Island. (Elementary School Teachers Superannuation (Isle of Man).) 87

39. An Act to amend the Volunteer Act, 1863. (Volunteer.) 89

40. An Act to extend the Elementary School Teachers (Super-annuation) Act, 1898, to Teachers serving in the Island of Jersey, and to service as a Teacher in that Island. (Elementary School Teachers Superannuation (Jersey).) 90

41. An Act to provide for the alteration of the Local Government (Procedure of Councils) Order, 1899. (Local Government (Ireland) (No. 2).) 91

42. An Act to amend the Reserve Forces Act, 1882. (Reserve Forces.) 92

43. An Act to amend the Law relating to Intermediate Education in Ireland. (Intermediate Education (Ireland).) 93

44. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Exportation of Arms, Ammunition, and Military and Naval Stores. (Exportation of Arms.) 94

45. An Act to amend the Poor Relief (Ireland) Acts, 1838 to 1892, with respect to relief given by the maintenance of Lunatics and Children, and with respect to the quantity of Land which may be acquired under those Acts. (Poor Relief (Ireland).) 94

46. An Act to relieve Members of County Councils and other Local Authorities from disqualification by reason of absence in certain cases. (Members of Local Authorities Relief.) 95

47. An Act to amend the Law with regard to the Investment of Money paid into a County Court. (County Courts (Investment).) 95

48. An Act to amend the Companies Acts. (Companies.) 96

49. An Act to consolidate and amend the Law relating to the Election and Proceedings of Town Councils in Scotland. (Town Councils (Scotland).) 111

50. An Act to amend the Law relating to Agricultural Holdings. (Agricultural Holdings.) 146

51. An Act to amend the Law with respect to Persons carrying on business as Money-lenders. (Money-lenders.) 155

52. An Act to make further provision for a Naval Reserve. (Naval Reserve.) 158

53. An Act to amend the Elementary Education Acts, 1870 to 1893. (Elementary Education.) 159

54. An Act to amend the Law relating to the number and salaries of the Staff of the General Board of Commissioners in Lunacy for Scotland, and to provide for the remuneration of certain of the Commissioners. (Lunacy Board (Scotland) Salaries and Clerks.) 161

55. An Act to amend the Law relating to Executors in Scotland. (Executors (Scotland).) 161

56. An Act to amend the Military Lands Act, 1892. (Military Lands.) 164

57. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and one, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. (Appropriation.) 166

58. An Act to amend the Law relating to Tithe Rentcharge in Ireland. (Tithe Rentcharge (Ireland).) 185

59. An Act to amend Part III. of the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890. (Housing of the Working Classes.) 189

60. An Act to amend the Tramways (Ireland) Acts, 1860 to 1896. (Tramways. (Ireland).) 192

61. An Act to provide for raising a Supplemental Loan for the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and one. (Supplemental War Loan.) 193

62. An Act to amend the Colonial Stock Acts, 1877 and 1892, and the Trustee Act, 1593. (Colonial Stock.) 194

63. An Act to amend sections forty-two, fifty-one, fifty-four, sixty-nine, one hundred and three, one hundred and fifteen, and one hundred and twenty-one of the Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1898, and Articles nineteen, twenty-four, and thirty-six of the Schedule to the Local Government (Application of Enactments) Order, 1898. (Local Government (Ireland).) 195

[Partial list of local acts removed.]

THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES.

63 Victoria.

CHAPTER 1.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred.

[23rd February 1900.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Issue of 13,000,000l. out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the year, ending 31st March 1900.]

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the 31st day of March one thousand nine hundred the sum of thirteen million pounds.

[Power to the Treasury to borrow.]

2. The Treasury may borrow from any person, and the Bank of England may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of thirteen million pounds, and the Treasury shall repay the moneys so borrowed, with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any moneys so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

[Short title.]

3. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1900.

2 Ch. 2. War Loan Act, 1900. 63 Vict.

CHAPTER 2.

An Act to provide for raising Money for the present War in South Africa.

[27th March 1900.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies granted to Your Majesty, have resolved that sums not exceeding thirty-five million pounds be raised in manner provided by this Act; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Borrowing for purpose of supply for years 1899-1900 and 1900-1901.]

---

Raising Special War Loan.

Charge on

Consolidated

Fund.

1. Any money required for raising the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the years ending the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and one, may be raised up to an amount not exceeding thirty-five million pounds, by either or both of the following methods, namely, by means of a Special War Loan, or by means of the issue of Treasury Bills.

2. - (1.) For the purpose of raising the Special War Loan, the Treasury may by warrant addressed to the Bank of England direct the creation of a new capital stock to be called " War Stock, " and the issue of bonds to be called " War Bonds."

(2.) War Stock and War Bonds shall bear interest at the rate of two pounds fifteen shillings per centum per annum.

(3.) War Stock and War Bonds shall be interchangeable, subject to, and in accordance with, regulations made under this Act.

(4.) The creation of War Stock shall date from the sixth day of April nineteen hundred, and War Stock and War Bonds shall not be redeemable until the fifth day of April nineteen hundred and ten, but on that date shall be redeemed at the rate of one hundred pounds sterling for every one hundred pounds of the stock or bond, together with the payment of all arrears of interest.

(5.) The sums raised by means of War Stock or War Bonds shall be paid into the Exchequer.

3. There shall be charged on the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or the growing produce thereof —

(i) the principal and interest of War Stock and War Bonds; and

(ii) any sums required for defraying any expenses incurred in connexion with the raising of the Special War Loan,

but the principal and interest and other sums so charged shall not be payable as part of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt.

1900. War Loan Act, 1900. Ch. 2. 3

4. — (1.) The interest on War Stock and War Bonds shall be Supplemental payable by equal quarterly dividends on the fifth day of January, provisions the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the fifth day of stock and October in every year, and as from the sixth day of April nineteen War Bonds, hundred full quarterly dividends shall be payable on any War

Stock or War Bonds issued, and any scrip certificates issued in respect thereof.

(2.) War Stock shall be transferable in the books of the Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland in like manner as other stock transferable under the National Debt Act, 1870, and shall be 33 & 34 Vict, subject to the provisions of that Act and any enactment amending c-71* that Act, so far as is consistent with the tenor of this Act.

(3.) Sections eight, nine, ten, and eleven of the Forgery Act, 24 & 25 Vict. 1861 (which relate to the forgery of and other frauds relating to c* Exchequer Bills), shall apply to War Bonds and shall have effect as if " Exchequer Bill " in those sections included " War Bond."

(4.) For the purpose of calculating the annual sums payable to the Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland for the management of, or expenses connected with, the National Debt, the Special War Loan shall be considered as part of the National Debt inscribed in the books of the Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland.

(5.) War Stock or War Bonds may be issued at such times, in such amounts, and subject to such conditions as to payments of deposits and instalments, and the issue of scrip certificates carrying dividends, and otherwise, as the Treasury direct, and any directions given by the Treasury before the passing of this Act with respect to those matters are hereby confirmed.

(6.) The Treasury may make regulations with respect to —

(a) the limitation of the sums for which War 'Bonds are issued to sums of even amount, and to sums of not less than one hundred pounds; and

(b) the form and authentication of War Bonds, and the authority under which they may be issued; and

(c) the exchange of War Stock for War Bonds or War Bonds for War Stock, and the cancelling of any War Bonds or War Stock exchanged, and the fees (if any) to be charged on any such exchange.

(7.) Any fees received under this Act shall be paid into the Exchequer.

5. Any amount raised under this Act which is not required Application for the purposes to which money raised thereunder is applicable ^ItwqSed shall be paid to the National Debt Commissioners, and applied for purposeR by them in the same manner as the New Sinking Fund may be of Act-applied.

6. Sections three and five of the Sinking Fund Act, 1875, Application (which relate to the application of the Old and New Sinking Funds), of. g 3 shall apply to War Bonds and War Stock in like manner as they apply to annuities charged on the Consolidated Fund.

[Short title.]

7. This Act may be cited as the War Loan Act, 1900.

4.

Ch. 3.

Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1900.

63 Vict.

Issue of 486, 7701. out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the yean ending

81st March 1890 and 1900.

Issue of *5, 156, 500*. out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the year ending

81st March 1901.

Power to the Treasury to borrow.

CHAPTER 3.

An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, one thousand nine hundred, and one thousand nine hundred and one.

[27th March 1900.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sums herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine and one thousand nine hundred, the sum of four hundred and sixty-six thousand seven hundred and seventy pounds.

2. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and one, the sum of forty-six million one hundred and fifty-six thousand five hundred pounds.

3. The Treasury may borrow from any person, and the Bank of England may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said sums, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of forty-six million six hundred and twenty-three thousand two hundred and seventy pounds, and the Treasury shall repay the moneys so borrowed with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any moneys so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is Available.

[Short title.]

4. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1900.

1900. Census (Great Britain) Act, 1900. Ch. 4. 5

CHAPTER 4.

An Act for taking the Census for Great Britain in the year one thousand nine hundred and one.

[27th March 1900.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. A census for Great Britain shall be taken in the year one Census to be thousand nine hundred and one, and the census day shall be 1901 *

Sunday the thirty-first day of March in that year.

2. — (1.) The Local Government Board shall superintend the Central taking of the Census. anSfex

(2.) The Registrar General shall, subject to the approval of the 5fCenl^*tS Board, prepare and issue such forms and instructions as he deems necessary for the taking of the census.

(3.) The expenses incurred, with the approval of the Treasury, for the purposes of the census, shall be paid out of money provided by Parliament.

3. — (1.) For the purposes of the census every registration sub- Enumeration district shall be divided into enumeration districts, and an enumerator shall be appointed for each enumeration district. enumerators.

(2.) Overseers of the poor and relieving officers for poor law unions shall, if so required by the Local Government Board, act as and be enumerators for the purposes of this Act.

4. — (1.) Schedules shall be prepared by or under the direction Preparation of the Local Government Board for the purpose of being filled and |plinS up by or on behalf of the several occupiers of dwelling-houses, ^eduiea. with the following particulars, and no others, namely, particulars showing —

(a) the name, sex, age, profession or occupation, condition as to marriage, relation to head of family, birth-place, and (where the person was bom abroad) nationality of every living person who abode in every house on the night of the census day; and

(b) whether any person who so abode was blind or deaf and dumb, or imbecile or lunatic; and

(c) where the occupier is in occupation of less than five rooms, the number of rooms occupied by him; and

(d) in the case of Wales or the county of Monmouth, whether any person who so abode (being of three years of age or upwards) speaks English only or Welsh only, or both English and Welsh.

(2.) Every enumerator shall in the course of the week ending on the Saturday next before the census day leave at every dwelling-house* within his enumeration district one or more of these schedules for the occupier thereof or of any part thereof, and on every such schedule shall be plainly expressed that it is to be filled

6

Ch. 4.

Census (Great Britain) Act, 1900.

1900.

63 Vict.

Collection, correction, and copying of schedules.

Enumeration in public and charitable institutions.

Returns of persons travelling or on shipboard or not in houses.

up by the occupier for whom it is left, and that the enumerator will collect all such schedules within his district on the Monday then next following.

(3.) Every occupier for whom any such schedule has been so left shall fill up the schedule, to the best of 'his knowledge and belief, so far as relates to all persons dwelling in the house, tenement, or apartment occupied by him, and shall sign his name thereto, and shall deliver the schedule so filled up to the enumerator when required bo to do.

(4.) In this section the expression "dwelling-house" shall include every building and tenement of which the whole or any part is used for the purpose of human habitation, and where a dwelling-house is let or sub-let in different tenements or apartments and occupied distinctly by different persons or families a separate schedule shall be left with or for and shall be filled up by the occupier of each such distinct tenement or apartment.

(5.) For the purposes of this section, a person who is travelling or at work on the night of the census day, and who returns to a house on the morning of the following day, shall be treated as abiding in that house on the night of the census day.

5. — (1.) Every enumerator shall visit every house in his district, and shall collect all the schedules so left within his district, from house to house, and so far as may be possible on the day next following the census day, and shall complete such of the schedules as on delivery thereof to him appear to be defective, and correct such as he finds to be erroneous, and shall copy the schedules, when completed and corrected, and shall furnish a return, according to the best information which he is able to obtain, of all the persons present within his district on the night of the census day, but not included in the schedules collected by him.

(2.) Every enumerator shall also furnish the prescribed particulars as to whether or not houses are occupied or inhabited, and as to the counties, boroughs, parishes, and other areas for electoral or administrative purposes, and the ecclesiastical parishes or districts, in which the houses are situate.

0. The governor, master, or chief resident officer of every prison, workhouse, hospital, or lunatic asylum, and of every public or charitable institution which may be determined upon by the Registrar General, shall be the enumerator of the inmates thereof, and shall conform to such instructions as may be sent to him by the authority of the Local Government Board for obtaining the returns required by this Act, so far as may be practicable, with respect to the inmates.

7. The Registrar General shall, subject to the approval of the Local Government Board, obtain returns of the particulars required by this Act with respect to persons who during the night of the census day were travelling or on shipboard, or for any other reason were not abiding on that night in any house of which account is to be taken by the enumerators, and shall include these returns in the abstracts to be made under this Act.

1900. Census (Great Britain), 1900. Ch. 4. 7

8. — (1.) The Registrar General shall, subject to the approval of Abstracts of the Local Government Board, prepare a preliminary abstract and return8-

a detailed abstract of the census returns.

(2.) The preliminary abstract shall be printed and laid before both Houses of Parliament within five months next after the census day, if Parliament be then sitting, or if Parliament be not then sitting, then within the first fourteen days of the session then next ensuing.

(3.) The detailed abstract shall be printed and laid before both Houses of Parliament at as early a date as may be found practicable.

9. The Registrar General may, if he thinks fit, at the request and Power to cost of the council of any county, borough, or urban district, cause Infracts abstracts to be prepared containing statistical information with to local respect to the county, borough, or district, which can be derived authorities, from the census returns but is not supplied by the census report,

and which, in his opinion, the council may reasonably require.

10. — (1.) Instructions issued under this Act may prescribe, Matters to be

among other things- CS! '

(a) the mode in which enumeration districts are to be formed and enumerators appointed; and

(b) the duties of superintendent registrars, registrars, enumerators, and other persons employed under this Act; and

(c) the mode in which the householders’ schedules are to be copied and the persons to whom the schedules and copies are to be delivered; and

(d) the persons by whom and the mode in which the copies are to be summarised, verified, examined, corrected, and otherwise dealt with; and

(e) the allowances to be paid to persons employed under this Act; and

(f) the mode in which and the persons by whom the amount of the allowances payable in respect of each registration district is to be certified, and the persons by whom and the mode in which the payments are to be made; and

(g) anything authorised by this Act to be prescribed.

(2.) The scale of allowances payable under this Act shall be subject to the approval of the Treasury.

1L — (1.) If any superintendent registrar, registrar, enumerator, Penalties for or other person employed under this Act, makes wilful default in offence8' the performance of any of his duties under this Act, or makes any wilfully false declaration, he shall for each offence be liable on conviction under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(2.) If any occupier for whom a schedule is left under this Act —

(a) wilfully refuses, or without lawful excuse neglects, to fill up the schedule to the best of his knowledge and belief, or to sign and deliver it as by this Act required; or

a

Ch. 4, 5.

Census (Great Britain) Act, 1900.

63 Vict.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 52.

Application to Scotland.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 38.

Extent of Act and abort title.

(b) wilfully makes, signs, or delivers, or causes to be made, signed, or delivered, any false return of any matter specified in the schedule; cr

(c) refuses to answer, or wilfully gives a false answer to, any question necessary for obtaining the information required to be obtained under this Act;

he shall for each offence be liable on conviction under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(3.) If any person employed in taking the census communicates, without lawful authority, any information acquired in the course of his employment, he shall be guilty of a breach of official trust within the meaning of the Official Secrets Act, 1889, and that Act shall apply accordingly.

12. In the application of this Act to Scotland —

(1.) "Secretary for Scotland" shall be substituted for "Local Government Board" and "Board"; "Registrar General for Scotland" for "Registrar General"; "registration district" for "registration sub-district"; "burgh" for "borough"; "poorhouse" for "workhouse"; and "police burgh" for "urban district":

(2.) The expression "council" shall include the commissioners of a police burgh:

(3.) The schedules under this Act shall include particulars showing whether any person who abode in any house on the night of the census day (being three years of age or upwards) speaks English only or Gaelic only, or both English and Gaelic:

(4.) The particulars to be furnished by the enumerators shall show, with respect to each dwelling-house, the number of rooms, including a kitchen (if any) as a room, having a window, not being a window with a borrowed light:

(5.) Sheriffs, sheriff clerks, chief magistrates, town clerks, inspectors of poor and assistant inspectors of poor, shall perform such duties as may be prescribed, including, if so prescribed, such duties as were imposed on them by the Census (Scotland) Act, 1890.

13. — (1.) This Act shall not extend to Ireland.

(2.) This Act may be cited as the Census (Great Britain) Act, 1900.

CHAPTER 5.

An Act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

[9th April 1900.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping of a standing army within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in time of peace, unless it be with the consent of Parliament, is against law:

1900. Army (Annual) Act, 1900. Ch. 5. 9

And whereas it is adjudged necessary by Her Majesty and this present Parliament, that a body of forces should be continued for the safety of the United Kingdom and the defence of the possessions of Her Majesty's Crown, and that the whole number of such forces should consist of four hundred and thirty thousand, including those to be employed at the depots in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the training of recruits for service at home and abroad, but exclusive of the numbers actually serving within Her Majesty's Indian possessions:

And whereas it is also judged necessary for the safety of the United Kingdom, and the defence of the possessions of this realm, that a body of Royal Marine forces should be employed in Her Majesty's fleet and naval service, under the direction of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid:

And whereas the said marine forces may frequently be quartered or be on shore, or sent to do duty or be on board transport ships or vessels, merchant ships or vessels, or other ships or vessels, or they may be under other circumstances in which they will not be subject to the laws relating to the government of Her Majesty's forces by sea:

And whereas no man can be forejudged of life or limb, or subjected in time of peace to any kind of punishment within this realm by martial law, or in any other manner than by the judgment of his peers and according to the known and established laws of this realm; yet nevertheless it being requisite, for the retaining all the before-mentioned forces, and other persons subject to military law, in their duty, that an exact discipline be observed, and that persons belonging to the said forces who mutiny or stir up sedition, or desert Her Majesty's service, or are guilty of crimes and offences to the prejudice of good order and military discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the usual forms of the law will allow

And whereas the Army Act will expire in the year one thousand nine hundred on the following days:

(a.) In the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and the Isle of Man, on the thirtieth day of April; and

(b.) Elsewhere in Europe, inclusive of Malta, also in the West Indies and America, on the thirty-first day of July; and

(c.) Elsewhere, whether within or without Her Majesty's dominions, on the thirty-first day of December:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

X. This Act may be cited as the Army (Annual) Act, 1900.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 58.

[Short title.]

10

Ch. 5.

Army (Annual) , 1900.

63 Vict.

Army Act (44 & 45 Vict. c. 58.)

to be in force for specified times.

2. — -(1.) The Army Act shall be and remain in force during the periods herein-after mentioned, and no longer, unless otherwise provided by Parliament; that is to say,

(a.) Within the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and the Isle of Man, from the thirtieth day of April one thousand nine hundred to the thirtieth day of April one thousand nine hundred and one, both inclusive; and

(b.) Elsewhere in Europe, inclusive of Malta, also in the West Indies and America, from the thirty-first day of July one thousand nine hundred to the thirty-first day of July one thousand nine hundred and one, both inclusive; and

(c.) Elsewhere, whether within or without Her Majesty's dominions, from the thirty-first day of December one thousand nine hundred to the thirty-first day of December one thousand nine hundred and one, both inclusive; and the day from which tile Army Act is continued in any place by this Act is in relation to that place referred to in this Act as the commencement of this Act

(2.) The Army Act, while in force, shall apply to persons subject to military law, whether within or without Her Majesty's dominions.

(3.) A person subject to military law shall not be exempted from the provisions of the Army Act by reason only that the number of the forces for the time being in the service of Her Majesty, exclusive of the marine forces, is either greater or less than the number herein-before mentioned.

Prices in respect of billeting.

3. There shall be paid to the keeper of a victualling house for the accommodation provided by him in pursuance of the Army Act the prices specified in the schedule to this Act.

Amendments of Army Act.

Amendment 4. At the end of subsection (1) (c) of section seventy-eight of of 44 & 45 the Army Act, after the words "twelve years " shall be added the

Vict c. 58. Words " or any shorter period."

Amendment 5. At the end of section one hundred and sixty-one of the Army vict4*58 Act there shall be added the words "Provided that a Secretary

s/iei? " of State may restore all or any part of the service forfeited

" under this section to any soldier who may perform good or " faithful service, or may otherwise be deemed by such Secretary " of State to merit such restoration of service."

V

3900.

Army (Annual) Act, 1900. Ch. 5, 6.

11

SCHEDULE.

Accommodation to be provided. Maximum Price.

lodging and attendance for soldier where hot meal furnished. Fourpence per night.

Hot meal as specified in Part I. of the Second Schedule to the Army Act. One shilling and threepence halfpenny each.

Breakfast as so specified - One penny halfpenny eaoh.

Where no hot meal furnished, lodging and attendance, and candles, vinegar, salt, and the use of fire, and the necessary utensils for dressing and eating his meat. Fourpence per day.

Ten pounds of oats, twelve pounds of hay, and eight pounds of straw per day for each horse. One shilling and nine-pence per day.

Lodging and attendance for officer - Two shillings per night.

Note. — An officer shall pay for his food.

CHAPTER 6.

An Act for taking the Census for Ireland in the year one thousand nine hundred and one.

[9th April 1900.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. A census for Ireland shall be taken in the year one thousand nine hundred and one in the manner herein-after directed, and the census day shall be Sunday the thirty-first day of March in that year.

2. — (1.) Such officers and men of the police force of Dublin metropolis and of the Royal Irish Constabulary as the Lord Lieutenant may direct, together with such other persons as the Lord Lieutenant may appoint to assist therein, shall act as and be enumerators for the purposes of this Act.

(2.) Every enumerator shall, upon the Monday following the census day, and such one or more next consecutive days as the Lord Lieutenant may fix, visit every house within the district assigned to him between the hours of half-past eight in the forenoon and six in the afternoon, and take an account in writing, according to such instructions as may be given to him by the chief or under secretary to the Lord Lieutenant, of the number of

Census to be taken in 1901.

Enumerators and their duties.

12

Ch. 6.

Census (Ireland) Act, 1900.

63 Vict.

Governor, &c. of prisons,

&c. to be appointed enumerator of the inmates thereof.

Provision as to houseless persons.

Forms, &c. to be famished for their use.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 46.

persons who abode therein on the night of the census day, and of the sex, age, religious profession, birthplace, and occupation of all such persons.

(3.) Every enumerator shall take an account of the number of inhabited houses and of uninhabited houses and of houses then building within his district and of the number of rooms occupied by any occupier who is in occupation of less than five rooms; and shall also furnish such particulars as may be directed as to the counties, boroughs, towns, districts, and other areas for electoral or administrative purposes in which the houses are situate.

(4.) The enumerators shall also take an account of all such further particulars as they may be directed to inquire into by such instructions as are authorised to be issued under this Act.

(5.) Every enumerator may ask all such questions of all persons within his district respecting themselves or the persons constituting their respective families, and respecting such further particulars, as may be necessary for the purpose of taking the said accounts.

3. The governor, master, or chief resident officer of every prison, workhouse, barrack, hospital, or lunatic asylum, and of every public or charitable institution which may be determined upon by the Lord Lieutenant, shall act as and be the enumerator of the inmates thereof, and shall conform to such instructions as may be sent to him by the authority of the Lord Lieutenant for obtaining the returns required by this Act, so far as may be practicable, with respect to such inmates, but the initial letters only of the Christian names and surnames of such inmates shall be stated in any such return.

4. The Chief Secretary shall obtain returns of the particulars required by this Act with respect to all houseless persons, and all persons who during the night of the census day were travelling or on shipboard, or for any other reason were not abiding on that night in any house of which account is to be taken by the enumerators, and shall include such returns in the abstract to be laid before Parliament.

5. — (1.) The chief or under secretary to the Lord Lieutenant shall prepare and issue such forms and instructions as he may deem necessary for the taking of the census.

(2.) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the census shall be taken by means of, and in the manner prescribed by, the several forms and instructions which were issued under the authority of the Census (Ireland) Act, 1890, and which are contained in the Appendix to the General Report of the Commissioners appointed under that Act, dated the twenty-third day of June, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-two, and presented to both Houses of Parliament by command of Her Majesty, and such matters and particulars as were contained in and prescribed by the said forms and instructions or as are required by this Act, and no other matters or particulars, shall be inserted in the forms and instructions to be prepared under the authority of this Act, and

1900.

Census (Ireland), 1900. Ch. 6.

13

no question shall be put for the purpose of obtaining information other than the information required by such forms and instructions.

(3.) The expenses incurred with the approval of the Treasury for the purposes of the census shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

6. — (1.) Every enumerator shall sign and certify the account Certificates taken by him, and make a statutory declaration, to the effect that the said account has been truly and faithfully taken by him, and of re^urnT.C that, to the best of his knowledge, the same is correct, so far as may be known, and shall deliver the same to such officer of the said police force, or of the Royal Irish Constabulary, or other person, as may be appointed by the Lord Lieutenant to receive the same from him.

(2.) The accounts shall be examined, corrected, certified, and transmitted in such manner and within such time as the Lord Lieutenant may direct, and the same shall be digested and reduced into order, under the direction of the chief or under secretary to the Lord Lieutenant, by the Registrar-General of Births, Deaths and Marriages in Ireland, and by such other persons as the Lord Lieutenant may appoint for that purpose.

(3.) An abstract of the accounts taken under this Act shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within twelve months after the census day, if Parliament be then sitting, or, if Parliament be not then sitting, within the first fourteen days of the session then next ensuing.

7 — (1.) If any enumerator makes wilful default in the Penalties, performance of any of his duties under this Act, he shall for each offence be liable on conviction under the Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland) Acts to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(2.) If any person refuses to answer or wilfully gives a false answer to any question necessary for obtaining the information required to be obtained under this Act, he shall for each offence be liable on conviction under the Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland)

Acts to a fine not exceeding five pounds:Provided that no person shall be subject to any such penalty for refusing to state his religious profession.

(3.) If any person employed in taking the census communicates without lawful authority any information acquired in the course of his employment, he shall be guilty of a breach of official trust within the meaning of the Official Secrets Act, 1889, and that 52 & 53 Vict. Act shall apply accordingly. c. 53.

8. A certificate from the General Register Office, purporting to Certificate of be signed by the Registrar-General of Births, Deaths and Marriages P°Pulation-in Ireland, shall be admitted in any court of law as evidence of the population, at the census taken under this Act, of any county, borough, town, district or other area to which it refers, and the

said Registrar-General shall be bound, if possible, to deliver such certificate to any person on payment of a fee of one shilling.

[Short title.]

9. This Act may be cited as the Census (Ireland) Act, 1900.

14

Ch. 7.

Finance Act, 1900.

63 Vict.

Increased duty on tea.

Addition to duties on tobacco.

CHAPTER 7.

An Act to grant certain duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other duties, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue and the National Debt, and to make other provision for the financial arrangements of the year.

[9th April 1900.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray Your Majesty's public expenses, and making an addition to the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several duties hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

PART I.

Customs and Excise.

1. In lieu of the duty of Customs payable on tea imported into Great Britain or Ireland there shall, as from the sixth day of March nineteen hundred until the first day of August nineteen hundred and one, be charged, levied, and paid the following duty (that is to say): —

Tea, the pound, Sixpence.

2. — (1.) In addition to the duties of Customs payable on tobacco imported into Great Britain or Ireland there shall, as from the sixth day of March nineteen hundred until the first day of August nineteen hundred and one, be charged, levied, and paid, the following duties (that is to say): —

£ 8. d.

Tobacco manufactured, viz.: —

Cigars ...... the lb. 0 0 6

Cavendish or Negrohead - - the lb. 0 0 6

Cavendish or Negrohead, manufactured in bond - the lb. 0 0 5

Other manufactured tobacco - the lb. 0 0 5

Snuff containing more than 13 lbs. of moisture in every 100 lbs. weight thereof - the lb. 0 0 5

Snuff not containing more than 13 lbs. of moisture in every 100 lbs. weight thereof - - the lb. 0 0 6

1900.

Finance Act, 1900. Ch. 7.

15

£ 8. d.

Tobacco, unmanufactured, viz.: —

Containing 10 lbs. or more of

moisture in every 100 lbs.

weight thereof - the lb. 0 0 4

Containing less than 10 lbs. of

moisture in every 100 lbs.

weight thereof - the lb. 0 0 4

(2.) Drawback allowed under section one of the Manufactured 26 & 27 Vict. Tobacco Act, 1863, as extended by any subsequent Act, on tobacco c*7-exported from Great Britain or Ireland, or deposited in a bonded or Queen’s warehouse shall, as from the sixth day of May nineteen hundred until the first day of October nineteen hundred and one, be allowed at the rate, of three shillings and a penny upon every pound weight.

3. — (1.) In addition to the duties of Customs payable on beer Addition to of the descriptions called mum, spruce, or black beer, imported into

Great Britain or Ireland, there shall, as from the sixth day of special kinds March nineteen hundred until the first day of August nineteen of beer, hundred and one, be charged, levied, and paid, the following duties (that is to say): —

£ 8. d.

For every thirty-six gallons of beer where the worts thereof are, or were before fermentation, of a specific gravity —

Not exceeding one thousand two hundred and fifteen degrees - - - 040

Exceeding one thousand two hundred and fifteen degrees - - 0 4 8

(2.) This section shall extend to Berlin white beer, and other preparations, whether fermented or not fermented, of a character similar to mum, spruce, or black beer.

4. In addition to the duties of Customs payable on every Addition to description of beer (other than is specified in the last preceding ^t8t0^8all section) imported into Great Britain or Ireland, there shall, as from other°beer. the sixth day of March nineteen hundred until the first day of August nineteen hundred and one, be charged, levied, and paid the following duty (that is to say): —

£ 8.

For every thirty-six gallons where the worts thereof were before fermentation of a specific gravity of one thousand and fifty-five degrees 0 10

and there shall be allowed and paid in and for the same period in respect of all such beer a similar addition to the drawback granted on exportation, shipment for use as stores, or removal to the Isle of Man, by section four of the Customs and Inland 44 & 45 Vict. Revenue Act, 1881; 12 *

And so as to both duty and drawback, in proportion for any difference in gravity.

16

Ch. 7.

Finance A, 1900.

63 Vict.

Additional duties of Customs on spirits.

Alteration of Customs duties on certain goods containing spirits.

Addition to excise duty on beer.

5. In addition to the duties of Customs now payable on spirits imported into Great Britain or Ireland, there shall, as from the sixth day of March nineteen hundred until the first day of August nineteen hundred and one, be charged, levied, and paid the following duties (that is to say): —

£ 8. d.

For every gallon, computed at proof, of spirits of any description (except, perfumed, spirits), including naphtha or methylic alcohol, purified so as to be potable, and mixtures and preparations containing spirits - - 006

For every gallon of perfumed spirits - - 0 0 10

For every gallon of liqueurs, cordials, mixtures, and other preparations entered in such a manner as to indicate that the strength is not to be tested - 0 0 8

And the duties of Customs on the articles herein-after ‘mentioned, being articles in which spirit is contained, or in the manufacture of which spirit is used, shall be proportionately increased, and there shall accordingly, as from the sixth day of March nineteen hundred until the first day of August nineteen hundred and one, be charged, levied, and paid the following duties (that is to say):—

£ 8. d.

Chloral hydrate Chloroform -Collodion -Ether, acetic -Ether, butyric Ether, sulphuric Ethyl, iodide of Ethyl, bromide Ethyl, chloride

- the pound

- the pound

- the gallon

- the pound

- the gallon

- the gallon - - the gallon

- the pound

0 1

0 3

1 6 0 1 0 16 1 7 0 14 0 1 0 16

4 3 3

11

5

6 3 1

5

the gallon

This section shall not affect the continuance after the first day of August nineteen hundred and one of the duties existing prior to this section taking effect.

6. In addition to the duty of excise payable in respect of beer brewed in the United Kingdom there shall, as from the sixth day of March nineteen hundred until the first day of August nineteen hundred and one, be charged, levied, and paid —

For every thirty-six gallons of worts of a specific gravity of one thousand and fifty-five degrees, the duty of one shilling, and in addition to the drawback of excise otherwise payable in respect of beer exported from the United Kingdom as merchandise or shipped for use as ship’s stores there shall be allowed and paid in respect of beer brewed in the United Kingdom, between the fifth day of March nineteen hundred and the first day of August nineteen hundred and one —

For every thirty-six gallons of beer of an original gravity of one thousand and fifty-five degrees, the drawback of one shilling, and so as to both duty and drawback in proportion for any difference in quantity or gravity.

1900.

Finance Act, 1900.

Ch. 7.

17

7. In addition to the duty of excise payable for every gallon Addition computed at proof of spirits distilled in the United Kingdom there *° excise shall, as from the sixth day of March nineteen hundred until the 8^nts.n first day of August nineteen hundred and one, be charged, levied,

And paid the duty of sixpence, aDd so in proportion for any less quantity.

8. Section twenty of the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876 Amendment (which has reference to the effect of changes of duty1 on existing ^*ten' contracts), shall apply to the imposition of new duties as well as to 39 & 40 Vict, increases, decreases, or repeals, and as so amended shall apply to c- 36. s. 20. duties of excise as well as to duties of customs, with the substitution

in the case of the excise duty on beer of the time of the charge of the duty for the time of the clearance and delivery from the warehouse.

9. The duty to be paid on goods or commodities deposited in a Duty on customs or excise warehouse is hereby declared to be the duty warehoused chargeable at the date of the actual removal of those goods or g°° commodities from the warehouse, and if before that date any sums

shall have been paid in respect of duty, the difference (if any) between the sums so paid and the actual duty chargeable shall be paid or repaid, as the case may be.

PART II.

Stamps.

10. A conveyance on sale made for any consideration in Conveyances respect whereof it is chargeable with ad valorem duty, and in on , ale* further consideration of a covenant by the purchaser to make, or

of his having previously made, any substantial improvement of or addition to the property conveyed to him, or of any covenant relating to the subject matter of the conveyance, is not chargeable, and shall be deemed not to have been chargeable, with any duty in respect of such further consideration.

PART III.

Death Duties.

11. — (1.) In the case of every person dying after the thirty-first Amendment day of March nineteen hundred, property whether real or personal y^t7 g in which the deceased person or any other person had an estate or as to property interest limited to cease on the death of the deceased shall, for the passing on purpose of the Finance Act, 1894, and the Acts amending that Act, deat

be deemed to pass on the death of the deceased, notwithstanding that that estate or interest ha9 been surrendered, assured, divested, or otherwise disposed of, whether for value or not, to or for the benefit of any person entitled to an estate or interest in remainder or reversion in such property, unless that surrender, assurance, divesting, or disposition was bona fide made or effected twelve months before the death of the deceased, and bona fide possession and enjoyment of the property was assumed thereunder immediately

B

18

Ch. 7.

Finance Act, 1900.

63 VttJt.

Amendment of 57 & 58 Vict. c. 80. s. 4, as to aggregation.

Amendment of 69 & 60 Vict. c. 28.

». 17, as to exclusion of fractions from value.

Remission of death duties in caso of persons k lied in war.

"V

upon the surrender, assurance, divesting, or disposition, and thenceforward retained to the entire exclusion of the person who had the estate or interest limited to cease as aforesaid, and of any benefit to him by contract or otherwise.

(2.) This section shall inter alia apply in Scotland to the conveyance or discharge of any life rent in favour of the fiarr or to the propulsion of the fee under any simple or tailzied destination.

12. — (1.) The exclusion enacted by the proviso to section four of the Finance Act, 1894, of property from aggregation shall in the case of every person dying after the passing of this Act cease to have effect, except as regards property in which the deceased never had an interest.

Provided that where an interest in expectancy (within the meaning of Part I. of the Finance Act, 1894) in any property has before the passing of this Act been bon& fide sold or mortgaged for full consideration in money or money’s worth, then no other duty on such property shall be payable by the purchaser or mortgagee when the interest falls into possession than would have been payable if this section had not passed; and in the case of a mortgage any higher duty payable by the mortgagor shall rank as a charge subsequent to that of the mortgagee.

(2.) Where settled property passes, or is deemed to pass, on the death of a person dying after the passing of this Act under a disposition made by a person dying before the commencement of Part I. of the Finance Act, 1894, and such property would, if the disponer had died after the commencement of the said Part, hare been liable to Estate duty upon his death, the aggregation of such property, with other property passing upon the first-mentioned death, shall not operate to enhance the rate of duty payable either upon the settled property or upon any other property so passing by more than one half per cent, in excess of the rate at which duty would have been payable if such settled property had been treated as an estate by itself.

13. — (1.) For the purpose of determining the rate and the amount of duty, the exclusion under section seventeen of the Finance.Act, 1896, of any fraction from the principal value of the estate shall in the case of every person dying after the passing of this Act cease to have effect.

(2.) The Commissioners of Inland Revenue may, if they think fit, accept a statement by or on behalf of any accountable person as a correction of any Inland Revenue affidavit or account within the meaning of Part I. of the Finance Act, 1894, for the purposes of that Act and the Acts amending that Act, without requiring that statement to be verified on oath.

14. — (1.) Where any person dies from wounds inflicted, accident occurring, or disease contracted, within twelve months before death, while on active service against an enemy, whether on sea or land, and was, when the wounds were inflicted, the accident occurred, or the disease was contracted, either subject to the

1900.

Finance Act, 1900.

Cfl.7.

19

Naval Discipline Act or subject to military law, whether as an officer, non-commissioned officer, or soldier, under Part V. of the Army Act, the Treasury may, if they think fit, on the recommendation of the Secretary of State or of the Admiralty, ns the case requires, remit, or in the case of duty already paid repay, up to an amount not exceeding one hundred and fifty pounds in any one case, the whole or any part of the death duties (within the meaning of subsection three of section thirteen of the Finance Act, 1894) leviable in respect of property passing upon 57 & 58 vkt. the death of the deceased to his widow or lineal descendants if c- 30. the total value for the purpose of estate duty of the property so passing does not exceed five thousand pounds.

(2.) This section shall take effect in the case of any person dying since the eleventh day of October one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine.

PART IV.

Income Tax.

15. — (1.) Income tax for the year beginning on the sixth day income tax of April nineteen hundred shall be charged at the rate of one j^}900" shilling.

(2.) All such enactments relating to income tax as were in force on the fifth day of April nineteen hundred shall have full force and effect with respect to the duty of income tax hereby granted.

(3.) The annual value of any property, which has been adopted for the purpose either of income tax under Schedules A. and B. in the Income Tax Act, 1853, or of inhabited house duty, during the 16 & 17 Vict, year ending on the fifth day of April nineteen hundred, shall be c'34, taken as the annual value of such property for the same purpose during the next subsequent year: provided that this section —

(a) so far as respects the duty on inhabited houses in Scotland, shall be construed with the substitution of the twenty-fourth day of May for the fifth day of April; and

(b) shall not apply to the metropolis as defined by the Valuation ca & 33 Vict.

(Metropolis) Act, 1869. c. 67.

PART V.

National Debt.

16. In the financial year ending on the thirty-first day of March Suspension nineteen hundred and one that portion of the permanent annual £ow charge for the National Debt, which is not required for the annual charges directed by the National Debt and Local Loans Act, 50 & 51 vicU 1887, or any other Act to be paid out of that charge, shall not be c. 16. paid.

17. In the financial year ending the thirty-first day of March Suspension nineteen hundred and one the payment of such portions of the Account of instalments of the terminable annuities mentioned in the First capital of Schedule to this Act as may be certified to the Treasury, under terminable the hand of the Comptroller-General or Assistant Comptroller and annuities* of the Actuary of the National Debt Office, to be applicable to the

20

Ch. 7.

Finance Act, 1900.

63 Vict.

ltepeal.

[Short title.]

replacement of capital, shall be suspended, and the amount of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt shall accordingly in that year be reduced by an amount equal to the amount of the suspended payments.

Provided that the Treasury shall, by warrant to the Bank of England, prolong the terminable annuities for a year.

PART VI.

General.

18. The Acts specified in the Second Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of that schedule.

19. This Act may be cited as the Finance Act, 1900.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Terminable Annuities.

1. Annuities created under the National Debt Act, 1883 (46 & 47 Vict. c. 54.), in exchange for the annuities specified in the schedule to that Act.

2. Annuity created under section 3 of the National Debt (Supplemental) Act, 1888 (51 & 52 Vict. c. 15.) (Chancery Funds Annuity).

3. Annuities created under section 17 (1) of the Finance Act, 1899 <62 & 63 Vict. c. 9.).

4. Annuity created under section 17 (2) of the Finance Act, 1899 (62 & 63 Vict. c. 9.), in exchange for a sum of fifteen millions two and three-quarters Consolidated Stock.

5. Annuity created under section 17 (4) of the Finance Act, 1899 (62 & 63 Vict. c. 9.), in exchange for a book debt of thirteen million pounds.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Repeals.

Session and Chapter. Short Tide. Extent of Repeal.

57 & 58 Vict 58 Vict. c. 30. - The Finance Act, 1894 Section four, from "or which under a diapo- sition " to " descen. " dant of the deceased, '* and from " but of any " benefit" to the end of the section, as respects persons dying after the passing of this Act.

59 & 60 Vict. c. 28. - The Finance Act, 1896 Section seventeen as respects persons dying after the passing of this

1900. Electoral Disabilities (Militar Service) Ch. 8, 9. 21

Removal Act, 1900.

CHAPTER 8.

An Act to remove Electoral Disabilities which may arise in the case of Members of the Reserve, Militia, and Yeomanry Forces, and in the case of Volunteers, by reason of absence on the Military Service of the Crown.

[25th May 1900.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (-1.) A person shall not be disqualified for being registered Absence of for voting, either as a parliamentary or as a local government elector, in respect of a qualification for which any residence or !>f military inhabitancy is required, by reason only that during the whole or duties not to any part of the qualifying period he has as a member of the ^""rUfy Reserve, Militia, Yeomanry, or Volunteer Forces, or otherwise as a volunteer, been absent on actual military service on behalf of the Crown, whether beyond the seas or not.

(2.) A person so absent shall not be disqualified by reason of his wife or children having received poor relief during such absence.

(3.) The claim to be registered as a lodger may be made and signed, in the case of a person so absent, by any other person on his behalf, and the form of the claim and declaration may in those cases be modified accordingly.

(4.) In this Act the expression "a volunteer " shall include any person who is enlisted for temporary service only in connection with any war as a member of the regular forces.

2. This Act may be cited as the Electoral Disabilities (Military short title. Service) Removal Act, 1900.

3. This Act shall apply only to absence during the continuance Duration of of the present war in South Africa. Act *

CHAPTER 9.

An Act to authorise the grant out of Police Punds of certain Allowances and Gratuities in respect of Police Reservists who are called out on Permanent Service.

[25th May 1900.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

22

Gtf. 9.

Police Reservists (Allow) Act. 1900.

63 Vict.

Family allowances for police reservists on active service.

3 Si 4 Vict.

t. 8?.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 45.

Application to Scotland.

1. — (1.) Where a constable of a police force within the meaning of this Act belongs to the Army Reserve, and has been called out for permanent service in pursuance of the Royal Proclamation of the seventh day of October one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, the police authority may, if they think fit, grant out of the police fund, to or for the benefit of his wife and children, or any of them, or in the case of an unmarried man to or for the benefit of any person whom he is legally liable to maintain and towards whose support he has regularly contributed, an allowance of such amount and subject to such conditions and restrictions as they think equitable.

Provided as follows: —

(a.) Any such allowance shall be granted for a limited period not exceeding one year, and may be renewed for a further period, but shall not be continued after the police authority have received notice that the man has ceased to be employed on army service.

(b.) The aggregate amount of the weekly allowance granted in respect of a married man, together with the weekly amount of any separation or other allowance required to be paid out of military funds in pursuance of any Royal Warrant, and the weekly amount of any compulsory deductions from the man’s pay as a soldier, shall not exceed the total weekly amount which he was receiving from police funds when called out.

(c.) The allowance granted in respect of an unmarried man shall not exceed in the aggregate eight shillings a week.

(2.) If the man dies or is disabled whilst employed on army service, the police authority shall have the same powers with respect to the grant of gratuities as if he had been in the police force at the time of his death or disablement.

(3.) If he returns to the police force he shall return to a rank not less than the rank which ho held at the time when he was called out, and at a rate of pay not less than the rate which he received before that date.

(4.) Any allowance or gratuity granted before the passing of this Act in respect of a constable called out on permanent service is hereby confirmed, and any such allowance may be continued until the expiration of two months from the passing of this Act, but not longer, unless it is in conformity with the requirements of this Act.

(5.) Where a county is divided into districts for the purposes of the County Police Act, 1840, any allowances granted in accordance with this Act shall be deemed to be general expenditure within the meaning of that Act.

(6.) The expressions " police force " " police authority " and " police fund " have the same meanings in this Act as in the Police Act, 1890.

2. This Act shall apply to Scotland with the substitution of the Police (Scotland) Act, 1890, for the Police Act, 1890, and of the Police (Scotland) Act, 1857, for the County Police Act, 1840.

1800. Police Reservista (Allowances) Act, 1900. Ch. 9, 10, 11. 23

[Short title.]

3. This Act may be cited as the Police Reservists ('Allowances) Act, 1900.

CHAPTER 10.

An Act to remove doubts respecting the powers of the Local Government Board for Ireland for determining the Area on which certain Expenses are to be chargeable.

[25th June 1900.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: —

1. — (1.) The Local Government Board for Ireland may, withp0werto the consent of the council of any rural district, alter any area of determine charge theretofore determined by Order of that Board as the area in on which there should be chargeable any special expenses leviable respect off a contributory place in that district, either under the Public certain Health (Ireland) Acts, 1878 to 1896, or under any enactment g^Mes. directing expenses to be levied as expenses under those Acts.

(2.) The sa'd Board may, with such consent as aforesaid, determine that the whole rural district shall be the area on which any such expenses, whether incurred before or after the passing of this Act, shall be chargeable.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1900, and may be cited with the Public Health (Ireland) Acts,

1878 to 1896.

k/N/VW

CHAPTER 11.

An Act to provide further Money for the Uganda Railway.

[25th June 1900.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: —

L The Uganda Railway Act, 1896, shall have effect as if four Increase of million nine hundred and thirty thousand pounds were substituted asthorised therein for three million pounds. JlfJJ gj^vic

c. 38.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Uganda Railway Act, 1900.

24

Ch. 12.

Commonwealth of Australia Constitution Act

63 & 64 Vict.

[Short title.]

Act to extend to the Queen’s successors.

Proclamation of Common-wealth.

[Commencement of Act.]

Operation of the constitution and laws.

CHAPTER 12.

An Act to constitute the Commonwealth of Australia.

[9th July 1900.]

WHEREAS the people of New South Wales, Victoria, South Australia, Queensland, and Tasmania, humbly relying on the blessing of Almighty God, have agreed to unite in one indissoluble Federal Commonwealth under the Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and under the Constitution hereby established:

And whereas it is expedient to provide for the admission into the Commonwealth of other Australasian Colonies and possessions, of the Queen:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: —

1. This Act may be cited as the Commonwealth of Australia Constitution Act.

2. The provisions of this Act referring to the Queen shall extend to Her Majesty's heirs and successors in the sovereignty of the United Kingdom.

3. It shall be lawful for the Queen, with the advice of the Privy Council, to declare by proclamation that, on and after a day therein appointed, not being later than one year after the passing of this Act, the people of New South Wales, Victoria, South Australia, Queensland, and Tasmania, and also, if Her Majesty is satisfied that the people of Western Australia have agreed thereto, of Western Australia, shall be united in a Federal Commonwealth under the name of the Commonwealth of Australia. But the Queen may, at any time after the proclamation, appoint a Governor-General for the Commonwealth.

4. The Commonwealth shall be established, and the Constitution of the Commonwealth shall take effect, on and after the day so appointed. But the Parliaments of the several colonies may at any time after the passing of this Act make any such laWs, to come into operation on the day so appointed, as they might have made if the Constitution had taken effect at the passing of this Act.

5. This Act, and all laws made by the Parliament of the Commonwealth under the Constitution, shall be binding on the courts, judges, and people of every State and of every part of the Commonwealth, notwithstanding anything in the laws of any State; and the laws of the Commonwealth shall be in force on all British ships, the Queen’s ships of war excepted, whose first port of clearance and whose port of destination are in the Commonwealth.

1930.

Commonwealth of Australia Constitution.

Ch. 12.

25

0. " The Commonwealth " shall mean the Commonwealth of Definition. Australia as established under this Act.

" The States " shall mean such of the colonies of New South Wales, New Zealand, Queensland, Tasmania, Victoria, Western Australia, and South Australia, including the northern territory of South Australia, as for the time being are parts of the Commonwealth, and such colonies or territories as may be admitted into or established by the Commonwealth as States; and each of such parts of the Commonwealth shall be called " a State."

" Original States " shall mean such States as are parts of the Commonwealth at its establishment.

7. The Federal Council of Australasia Act, 1885, is hereby Repeal of repealed, but so as not to affect any laws passed by the Federal Act

Council of Australasia and in force at the establishment of the 48 & 49 Vict. Commonwealth. c. 60.

Any such law may be repealed as to any State by the Parliament of the Commonwealth, or as to any colony not being a State by the Parliament thereof.

8. After the passing of this Act the Colonial Boundaries Act, Application of

1895, shall not apply to any colony which becomes a State of the

Commonwealth; but the Commonwealth shall be taken to be a Act.

self-governing colony for the purposes of that Act. 58 & 59 Vict.

c. 34.

9. The Constitution of the Commonwealth shall be as follows: — Constitution.

THE CONSTITUTION.

This Constitution is divided as follows: —

Chapter I. — The Parliament:

Part I. — General:

Part II. — The Senate:

Part III. — The House of Representatives: Part IV. — Both Houses of the Parliament: Part V. — Powers of the Parliament: Chapter II. — The Executive Government:

Chapter III. — The Judicature:

Chapter IV. — Finance and Trade:

Chapter V. — The States:

Chapter VI. — New States:

Chapter VII. — Miscellaneous:

Chapter VIII. — Alteration of the Constitution. The Schedule.

26

Ch. 12.

Chap. I. The Parliament.

Part I. General.

Legislative

power.

Governor-

General.

Salary of

Governor-

General.

Provisions relating to Governor-General.

Sessions of Parliament. Prorogation and dissolution.

Summoning

Parliament.

First session.

Yearly session of Parliament.

Part II. The Senate.

The Senate.

Commonwealth of Australia Constitution Act.

63 & 64 Vict.

CHAPTER I.

The Parliament.

Part I. — General.

1. The legislative power of the Commonwealth shall be vested in a Federal Parliament, which shall consist of the Queen, a Senate, and a House of Representatives, and which is herein-after called "The Parliament, " or " The Parliament of the Commonwealth."

2. A Governor-General appointed by the Queen shall be Her Majesty's representative in the Commonwealth, and shall have and may exercise in the Commonwealth during the Queen’s pleasure, but subject to this Constitution, such powers and functions of the Queen as Her Majesty may be pleased to assign to him.

3. There shall be payable to the Queen out of the Consolidated Revenue fund of the Commonwealth, for the salary of the Governor-General, an annual sum which, until the Parliament otherwise provides, shall be ten thousand pounds.

The salary of a Governor-General shall not be altered during his continuance in office.

4. The provisions of this Constitution relating to the Governor-General extend and apply to the Governor-General for the time being, or such person as the Queen may appoint to administer the Government of the Commonwealth; but no such person shall be entitled to receive any salary from the Commonwealth in respect of any other office during his administration of the Government of the Commonwealth.

5. The Governor-General may appoint such times for holding the sessions of the Parliament as he thinks fit, and may also from time to time, by Proclamation or otherwise, prorogue the Parliament, and may in like manner dissolve the House of Representatives.

After any general election the Parliament shall be summoned to meet, not later than thirty days after the day appointed for the return of the writs.

The Parliament shall be summoned to meet not later than six months after the establishment of the Commonwealth.

6. There shall be a session of the Parliament once at least in every year, so that twelve months shall not intervene between the hist sitting of the Parliament in one session and its first sitting in the next session.

Part II. — The Senate.

7. The Senate shall be composed of senators for each State, directly chosen by the people of the State, voting, until the Parliament otherwise provides, as one electorate.

But until the Parliament of the Commonwealth otherwise provides, the Parliament of the State of Queensland, if that State be an Original State, may make laws dividing the State into divisions and determining the number of senators to be chosen for each division, and in the absence of such provision the S.tate shall be one electorate.

Until the Parliament otherwise provides there shall be six senators for each Original State. The Parliament may make laws increasing or diminishing the number of senators for each State, but so that equal representation of th6 several Original States shall be maintained and that no Original State shall have less than six senators.

1900.

Commonwealth of

Constitution Act

Cel 12.

27

The senators shall be chosen for a term of six years, and the names of the senators chosen for each Slate shall be certified by the Governor to the Governor-General.

8. The qualification of electors of senators shall be in each State that which is prescribed by this Constitution, or by the Parliament, as the qualification for electors of members of the House of Representatives; but in the choosing of senators each elector shall vote oply once.

9. The Parliament of the Commonwealth may make laws prescribing the method of choosing senators, but so that the method shall be uniform for all the States. Subject to any such law, the Parliament of each State may make laws prescribing the method of choosing the senators for that State.

The Parliament of a State may make laws for determining the times and places of elections of senators for the State.

10. Until the Parliament otherwise provides, but subject to this Constitution, the laws in force in each State, for the time being, relating to elections for the more numerous House of the Parliament of the State shall, as nearly as practicable, apply to elections of senators for the State.

11. The Senate may proceed to the despatch of business, notwithstanding the failure of any State to provide for its representation in the Senate.

12. The Governor of any State may cause writs to be issued for elections of senators for the State. In case of the dissolution of the Senate the writs shall be issued within ten days from the proclamation of such dissolution.

13. As soon as may be after the Senate first meets, and after each first meeting of the Senate following a dissolution thereof, the Senate shall divide the senators chosen for each State into two classes, as nearly equal in number as practicable; and the places of the senators of the first class shall become vacant at the expiration of the third year, and the places of these of the second class at the expiration of the sixth year, from the beginning of their term of service; and afterwards the places of senators shall become vacaut at the expiration of six years from the beginning of their term of service.

The election to fill vacant places shall be made in the year at the expiration of which the places are to become vacant.

For the purposes of this section the term of service of a senator shall be taken to begin on the first day of January following the day of his election, except in the cases of the first election and of the election next after any dissolution of the Senate, when it shall be taken to begin on the first day of January preceding the day of his election.

14. Whenever the number of senators for a State is increased or diminished, the Parliament of the Commonwealth may make such provision for the vacating of the places of senators for tho State as it deems necessary to maintain regularity in the rotation.

15. If the place of a senator becomes vacant before the expiration of his term of service, tho Houses of Parliament of the State for which he was chosen shall, sitting and voting together, choose a person to hold the place until the expiration of the term, or until the election of a successor as herein-after provided, whichever first happens. But if the Houses of Parliament of the State are not in session at the time when the vacancy is notified, the Governor of the State, with the advice of the Executive Council thereof, may appoint a person to hold the place until the expiration of fourteen days after the beginning of the next session of the Parliament of the State, or until the election of a successor, whichever first happens.

Qualification of electors.

Method of election of senators.

Times and places.

Application of State laws.

Failure to

choose

senators.

Issue of writs.

Rotation of senators.

Further provision for ' rotation.

Casual

vacancies.

28

Ch. 12.

Commonwealth of Australia 63 & 64 Vict. Constitution Act.

Qualifications of senator.

Election of President.

Absence of President.

Resignation of senator.

Vacancy by absence.

Vacancy to be notified.

Quorum.

Voting in Senate.

Part III. House of Representatives.

At the next general election of members of the House of Representatives, or at the next election of senators for the State, whichever first happens, a successor shall, if the term has not then expired, be chosen to hold the place from the date of his election until the expiration of the term.

The name of any senator so chosen or appointed shall be certified by the Governor of the State to the Governor-General.

16. The qualifications of a senator shall be the same as those of a member of the House of Representatives.

17. The Senate shall, before proceeding to the despatch of any other business, choose a senator to be the President of the Senate; and as often as the office of President becomes vacant the Senate shall again choose a senator to be the President.

The President shall cease to hold his office if he ceases to be a senator. He may be removed from office by a vote of the Senate, or he may resign his office or his seat by writing addressed to the Governor-General.

18. Before or during any absence of the President/the Senate may choose a senator to perform his duties in his absence.

19. A senator may, by writing addressed to the President, or to the Governor-General if there is no President or if the President is absent from the Commonwealth, resign his place, which thereupon shall become vacant.

20. The place of a senator shall become vacant if for two consecutive months of any session of the Parliament he, without the permission of the Senate, fails to attend the Senate.

21. Whenever a vacancy happens in the Senate, the President, or if there is no President or if the President is absent from the Commonwealth the Governor-General, shall notify the same to the Governor of the State in the representation of which the vacancy has happened.

22. Until the Parliament otherwise provides, the presence of at least one-third of the whole number of the senators shall be necessary to constitute a meeting of the Senate for the exercise of its powers.

23. Questions arising in the Senate shall be determined by a majority of votes, and each senator shall have one vote. The President shall in all cases be entitled to a vote; and when the votes are equal the question shall pass in the negative.

Part III. — The House of Representatives.

Constitution of 24. The House of Representatives shall be composed of members House of Re- directly chosen by the people of the Commonwealth, and the number of presentatives. B[1C^ member shall be, as nearly as practicable, twice the number of the senators.

The number of members chosen in the several States shall be in proportion to the respective numbers of their people, and shall, until the Parliament otherwise provides, be determined, whenever necessary, in the following manner: —

(i.) A quota shall be ascertained by dividing the number of the people of the Commonwealth, as shown by the latest statistics of the Commonwealth, by twice the number of the senators:

(ii.) The number of members to be chosen in each State shall be determined by dividing the number of the people of the State, as shown by the latest statistics of the Commonwealth, by the quota; and if on such division there is a remainder greater than one-half of the quota, one more member shall be chosen in the State.

1900.

Commonwealth of Australia Constitution Act.

Ch. 12.

29

But notwithstanding anything in this section, five members at least shall be chosen in each Original State.

25. For the purposes of the last section, if by the law of any State all Provision as persons of any race are disqualified from voting at elections for the more to rac* numerous House of the Parliament of the State, then, in reckoning the ^otinir number of the people of the State or of the Commonwealth, persons of that race resident in that State shall not be counted.

26. Notwithstanding anything in section twenty-four, the number of Representa-members to be chosen in each State at the first election shall be as ^vef.infirft follows: —

Parliament.

New South Wales Victoria Queensland South Australia Tasmania

Provided that if Western Australia shall be as follows: —

New South Wales Victoria -Queensland South Australia Western Australia Tasmania

- twenty-three;

- - twenty;

- eight;

- six;

- - five j

is an Original State, the numbers

- twenty-six;

- - twenty-three

- nine;

- seven;

- five;

- - five.

27. Subject to this Constitution, the Parliament may make laws for Alteration of

increasing or diminishing the number of the members of the House of number of Representatives. members.

28. Every House of Representatives shall continue for three years from Duration of

the first meeting of the House, and no longer, but may be sooner dissolved House of Re-by the Governor-General. prcsentatives.

29. Until the Parliament of the Commonwealth otherwise provides, the Electoral Parliament of any State may make laws for determining the divisions in divisions, each Stale for which members of the House of Representatives may be chosen, and the number of members to be chosen for each division. A division shall not be formed out of parts of different States.

In the absence of other provision, each State shall be one electorate.

30. Until the Parliament otherwise provides, the qualification of electors Qualification of members of the House of Representatives shall be in each State that electors, which is prescribed by the law of the State as the qualification of electors

of the more numerous House of Parliament of the State; but in the choosing of members each elector shall vote only once.

31. Until the Parliament otherwise provides, but subject to tLis Application of Constitution, the laws in force in each State for the time being relafng State laws *

to elections for the more numerous House of the Parliament of the State shall, as nearly as practicable, apply to elections in the State of members of the House of Representatives.

32. The Governor-General in Council may cause writs to be issued for Writs for

general elections of members of the House of Representatives. general

After the first general election, the writs shall be issued within ten Section, days from the expiry of a House of Representatives or from the proclamation of a dissolution thereof.

33. Whenever a vacancy happens in the House of Representatives, the Writs for Speaker shall issue his writ for the election of a new member, or if there vacancies.

Ch. 15.

SO

Commonwealth of Australia 63 & 64 Vict. Constitution Act

Qualifications of members.

Election of Speaker.

Absence of Speaker.

Resignation of member.

Vacancy by absence.

Quorum.

Voting in House of Representatives.

Part IV. Both Houses of the Parliament

Right of electors of States.

Oath or affirmation of allegiance.

Member of one House ineligible for other.

is no Speaker or if he is absent from the Commonwealth the Governor-General in Council may issue the writ.

34. Until the Parliftmeut otherwise provides, the qualifications of a member of the House of Representatives shall be as follows:—

(i.) He must be of the full age of twenty-one years, and must be an elector entitled to vote at the election of members of the House of Representatives, or a person qualified to become such elector, and must have been for three years at the least a resident within the limits of the Commonwealth as existing at the time when he is chosen:

(ii.) He must be a subject of the Queen, either natural-born or for at least five years naturalized under a law of the United Kingdom, or of a Colony which has become or becomes a State, or of the Commonwealth, or of a State.

35. The House of Representatives shall, before proceeding to the despatch of any other business, choose a member to be the Speaker of the House, and as often as the office of Speaker becomes vacant the House shall again choose a member to be the Speaker.

The Speaker shall cease to hold his office if he ceases to be a member. He may be removed from office by a vote of the House, or he may resign his office or his seat by writing addressed to the Governor-General.

36. Before or during any absence of the Speaker, the House of Representatives may choose a member to perform his duties in his absence.

37. A member may by writing addressed to the Speaker, or to the Governor-General if there is no Speaker or if the Speaker is absent from the Commonwealth, resign his place, which thereupon shall become vacant.

38. The place of a member shall become vacant if for two consecutive months of any session of the Parliament he, without the permission of the House, fails to attend the House.

39. Until the Parliament otherwise provides, the presence of at least one-third of the whole number of the members of the House of Representatives shall be necessary to constitute a meeting of the House for the exercise of its powers.

40. Questions arising in the House of Representatives shall be determined by a majority of votes other than that of the Speaker. The Speaker shall not vote unless the numbers are equal, and then he shall have a casting vote.

Part IV. — Botii Houses op the Parliament.

41. No adult person who has or acquires a right to vote at elections for the more numerous House of the Parliament of a State shall, while the right continues, be prevented by any law of the Commonwealth from voting at elections for either House of the Parliament of the Commonwealth.

42. Every senator and every member of the House of Representatives shall before taking hia seat make and subscribe before the Governor-General, or some person authorised by him, an oath or affirmation of allegiance in the form set forth in the schedule to this Constitution.

43. A member of either House of the Parliament shall be incapable of being chosen or of sitting as a member of the other House.

1900.

Commonwealth of Australia Constitution Act.

Ch. 12.

31

44. Any person whc — Disqualifica-

(i.) Is under any acknowledgment of allegiance, obedience, or t*0D‘ adherence to a foreign power, or is a subject or a citizen or entitled to the rights or privileges of a subject or a citizen of a foreign power: or (ii.) Is attainted of treason, or has been convicted and is under sentence, or subject to be sentenced, for any offence punishable under the law of the Commonwealth or of a State by imprisonment for one year or longer: or (iii.) Is an undischarged bankrupt or insolvent: or (iv.) Holds any office of profit under the Crown, or any pension payable during the pleasure of the Crown out of any of the revenues of the Commonwealth: or (v.) Has any direct or indirect pecuniary interest in any agreement with the Public Service of the Commonwealth otherwise than as a member and in common with the other members of an incorporated company consisting of more than twenty*five persons:

shall be incapable of being chosen or of silting as a senator or a member of the House of Representatives.

But sub-section iv. does not apply to the office of any of the Queen’s Ministers of State for the Commonwealth, or of any of the Queen’s Ministers for a State, or to the receipt of pay, half pay, or a pension, by any person as an officer or member of the Queen’s navy or army, or to the receipt of pay as an officer or member of the naval or military forces of the Commonwealth by any person whose services are not wholly employed by the Commonwealth.

45. If a senator or member of the House of Representatives — Vacancy on

(i.) Becomes subject to any of the disabilities mentioned in the last diT u'alffica-preceding section:or tion!S<lUa 1 C&"

(ii.) Takes the benefit, whether by assignment, composition, or otherwise, of any law relating to bankrupt or insolvent debtors: or

(iii.) Directly or indirectly takes or agrees to take any fee or honorarium for services rendered to the Commonwealth, or fer services rendered in the Parliament to any person or State:his place shall thereupon become vacant.

46. Until the Parliament otherwise provides, any person declared by Penalty for this Constitution to be incapable of sitting as a senator or as a member of sitting when the House of Representatives shall, for every day on which he so sits, be disqualified, liable to pay the sum of one hundred pounds to any person who sues for

it in any court of competent jurisdiction.

47. Until the Parliament otherwise provides, any question respecting Disputed the qualification of a senator or of a member of the House of Repre- elections, sentatives, or respecting a vacancy in either House of the Parliament, and

any question of a disputed election to either House, shall be determined by the House in which the question arises.

48. Until the Parliament otherwise provides, each senator and each Allowance to member of the House of Representatives shall receive an allowance of members, four hundred pounds a year, to be reckoned from the day on which he

takes his seat.

49. The powers, privileges, and immunities of the Senate and of the Privileges, &c. House of Representatives, and of the members and the committees of each of Houses. House, shall be such as are declared by the Parliament, and until declared shall be those of the Commons House of Parliament of the United

32

Rules and orders.

Part.V. Powers of the Parliament.

Legislative powers of the Parliament.

Ch. 12. Commonwealth of Australia 63 & 64 VICT.

Constitution Act.

Kingdom, and of its members and committees, at the establishment of the Commonwealth.

50. Each House of the Parliament may make rules and orders with respect to —

(i.) The mode in which its powers, privileges, and immunities may be exercised and upheld:

(ii.) The order and conduct of its business and proceedings either separately or jointly with the other House.

Part V. — Powers of the Parliament.

51. The Parliament shall, subject to this Constitution, have power to make laws for the peace, order, and good government of the Commonwealth with respect to: —

(i.) Trade and commerce with other countries, and among the States: (ii.) Taxation; but so as not to discriminate between States or parts of States:

(iii.) Bounties on the production or export of goods, but so that such bounties shall be uniform throughout the Commonwealth:

(iv.) Borrowing money on the public credit of the Commonwealth:

(v.) Postal, telegraphic, telephonic, and other like services:

(vi.) The naval and military defence of the Commonwealth and of the several States, and the control of the forces to execute and maintain the laws of the Commonwealth:

(vii.) Lighthouses, lightships, beacons and buoys:

(viii.) Astronomical and meteorological observations:

(ix.) Quarantine:

(x.) Fisheries in Australian waters beyond territorial limits:

(xi.) Census and statistics:

(xii.) Currency, coinage, and legal tender:

(xiii.) Banking, other than State banking; also State banking extending beyond the limits of the State concerned, the incorporation of banks, and the issue of paper money:

(xiv.) Insurance, other than State insurance; also State insurance extending beyond the limits of the State concerned:

(xv.) Weights and measures:

(xvi.) Bills of exchange and promissory notes:

(xvii.) Bankruptcy and insolvency:

(xviii.) Copyrights, patents of inventions and designs, and trade marks:(xix.) Naturalization and aliens:

(xx.) Foreign corporations, and trading or financial corporations formed within the limits of the Commonwealth:

(xxi.) Marriage:

(xxii.) Divorce and matrimonial causes; and in relation thereto, parental rights, and the custody and guardianship of infants:

(xxiii.) Invalid and old-age pensions:

(xxiv.) The service and execution throughout the Commonwealth of the civil and criminal process and the judgments of the courts of the States:

(xxv.) The recognition throughout the Commonwealth of the laws, the public Acts and records, and the judicial proceedings of the States: (xxvi.) The people of any race, other than the aboriginal race in any State, for whom it is deemed necessary to make special laws:

(xxvii.) Immigration and emigration:

(xxviii.) The influx of criminals:

(xxix.) External affairs:

1000. Commonwealth of Australia Ch. 12 33

Constitution Act.

(xxx.) The relations of the Commonwealth with the islands of the Pacific:

(xxxi.) The acquisition of property on just terms from any State or person for any purpose in respect of which the Parliament has power to make laws:

(xxxii.) The control of railways with respect to transport for the naval and military purposes of the Commonwealth:

(xxxiii.) The acquisition with the consent of a State, of any railways of the State on terms arranged between the Commonwealth and the '

State:

(xxxiv.) Railway construction and extension in any State with the consent of that State:

(xxxv.) Conciliation and arbitration for the prevention and settlement of industrial disputes extending beyond the limits of any one State:

(xxxvi.) Matters in respect of which this Constitution makes provision until the Parliament otherwise provides:

(xxxvii.) Matters referred to the Parliament of the Commonwealth by the Parliament or Parliaments of any State or States, but so that the law shall extend only to States by whose Parliaments the matter is referred, or which afterwards adopt the law:

(xxxviii.) The exercise within the Commonwealth, at the request or with the concurrence of the Parliaments of all the States directly concerned, of any power which can at the establishment of this Constitution be exercised only by the Parliament of the United Kingdom or by the Federal Council of Australasia:

(xxxix.) Matters incidental to the execution of any power vested by this Constitution in the Parliament or in either House thereof, or in the Government of the Commonwealth, or in the Federal Judicature, or in any department or officer of the Commonwealth.

52. The Parliament shall, subject to this Constitution, have exclusive Exclusive

power to make laws for the peace, order, and good government of the powers of the Commonwealth with respect to — Parliament.

(i.) The seat of government of the Commonwealth, and all places acquired by the Commonwealth for public purposes:

(ii.) Matters relating to any department of the public service the control of which is by this Constitution transferred to the Executive Government of the Commonwealth:

(iii.) Other mutters declared by this Constitution to be within the exclusive power of the Parliament.

53. Proposed laws appropriating revenue or moneys, or imposing Powers of the taxation, shall not originate in the Senate. But a proposed law shall not Houses in

be taken to appropriate revenue or moneys, or to impose taxation, by respect of reason only of its containing provisions for the imposition or appropriation Ieg, B a lon* of fines or other pecuniary penalties, or for the demand or payment or appropriation of fees for licences, or fees for services under the proposed law.

The Senate may not amend proposed laws imposing taxation, or proposed laws appropriating revenue or moneys for the ordinary annual services of the Government.

The Senate may not amend auy proposed law so as to increase any proposed charge or burden on the people.

The Senate may at any stage return to the House of Representatives any proposed law which the Senate may not amend, requesting, by message, the omission or amendment of any items or provisions therein. And the House of Representatives may, if it thinks fit, make any of such omissions or amendments, with or without modifications.

0

34

Ch. 12.

Commonwealth of Australia, 63 & 64 Vict. Constitution Act.

Appropriatio

Tax Bill.

Recommendation of money votes.

Disagreement between the Houses.

Royal assent to Bills.

Recommendations by Governor-General.

Disallowance by the Queen.

Except ns provided in this section, the Senate shall have equal power with the House of Representatives in respect of all proposed laws.

54. The proposed law which appropriates revenue or moneys for the-ordinary annual services of the Government shall deal only with such* appropriation.

55. Laws imposing taxation shall deal only with the imposition of taxation, and any provision therein dealing with any other matter shall be of no effect.

Laws imposing taxation, except laws imposing duties of customs or of excise, shall deal with one subject of taxation only; but laws imposing duties of customs shall deal with duties of customs only, and laws imposing duties of excise shall deal with duties of excise only.

56. A vote, resolution, or proposed law for the appropriation of revenue or moneys shall not be passed unless the purpose of the appropriation basin the same session been recommended by message of the Governor-General to the House in which the proposal originated.

57. If the House of Representatives passes any proposed law, and the" Senate rejects or fails to pass it, or passes it with amendments to which the House of Representatives will not agree, and if after an interval of three-months the House of Representatives, in the same or the next session, again passes the proposed law with or without any amendments which have been made, suggested, or agreed to by the Senate, and the Senate rejects or fails to pass it, or passes it with amendments to which the House of Representatives will not agree, the Governor-General may dissolve the Senate and the House of Representatives simultaneously. But such dissolution shall not take place within six months before the date of the expiry of the House of Representatives by effluxion of time.

If after such dissolution the House of Representatives again passes the proposed law, with or without any amendments which have been made, suggested, or agreed to by the Senate, and the Senate rejects or fails to* pass it, or passes it with amendments to which the House of Representative* will not agree, the Governor-General may convene a joint sitting of the members of the Senate and of the House of Representatives.

The members present at the joint sitting may deliberate and shall vote together upon the proposed law as last proposed by the House of Representatives, and upon amendments, if any, which have been made therein by one House and not agreed to by the other, and any such amendments which are affirmed by an absolute majority of the total number of the member* of the Senate and House of Representatives shall be taken to have been carried, and if the proposed law, with the amendments, if any, so carried is affirmed by an absolute majority of the total number of the members of the Senate and House of Representatives, it shall be taken to have been duly passed by both Houses of the Parliament, and shall be presented to the Governor*General for the Queen’s assent.

58. When a proposed law passed by both Houses of the Parliament i* presented to the Governor-General for the Queen’s assent, he shall declare, according to his discretion, but subject to this Constitution, that he assents in the Queen’s name, or that he withholds assent, or that he reserves the law for the Queen’s pleasure.

The Governor-General may return to the House in which it originated any proposed law so presented to him, and may transmit therewith any amendments which he may recommend, and the Houses may deal with tho recommendation.

59. The Queen may disallow any law within one year from the Governor-General’s assent, and such disallowance on being made known by the

1900.

Commonwealth of Australia Constitution Act.

Ch. 12.

36

Governor-General by speech or message to each of the Houses of the Parliament, or by Proclamation, shall annul the law from the day when the disallowance is so made known.

60. A proposed law reserved for the Queen’s pleasure shall not have any Signification force unless and until within two years from the day on which it was of Queen’s presented to the Governor-General for the Queen’s assent the Governor- pleasure on General makes known, by speech or message to each of the Houses of the B lls rcsCr?ed Parliament, or by Proclamation, that it has received the Queen’s assent.

CHAPTER II.

The Executive Government.

Chap. II. The Government.

61. The executive power of the Commonwealth is vested in the Queen Executive and is exerciseable by the Governor-General as the Queen’s representative, power, and extends to the execution and maintenance of this Constitution, and of the laws of the Commonwealth.

62. There shall be a Federal Executive Council to advise the Governor- Federal General in the government of the Commonwealth, and the members of the Executive Council shall be chosen and summoned by the Governor-General and sworn Council, as Executive Councillors, and shall hold office during his pleasure.

63. The provisions of this Constitution referring to the Governor-General Provisions

in Council shall be construed as referring to the Governor-General acting referring to with the advice of the Federal Executive Council. General

64. The Governor-General may appoint officers to administer such Ministers of departments of State of the Commonwealth as the Governor*General in State.

Council may establish.

Such officers shall hold office during the pleasure of the Governor-General.

They shall be members of the Federal Executive Council, and shall be the Queen’s Ministers of State for the Commonwealth.

After the first general election no Minister of State shall hold office for Ministers to sit a longer period than three months unless he is or becomes a senator or a in Parliament, member of the House of Representatives.

65. Until the Parliament otherwise provides, the Ministers of State shall Number of not exceed seven in number, and shall hold such offices as the Parliament Ministers, prescribes, or, in the absence of provision, as the Governor-^General directs.

66. There shall be payable to the Queen, out of the Consolidated Revenue Salaries of Fund of the Commonwealth, for the salaries of the Ministers of State, an Ministers, annual sum which, until the Parliament otherwise provides, shall not

exceed twelve thousand pounds a year.

67. Until the Parliament otherwise provides, the appointment and Appointment removal of all other officers of the Executive Government of the Common- of civil wealth shall be vested in the Governor-General in Council, unless the servants, appointment is delegated by the Governor-General in Council or by a law

of the Commonwealth to some other authority. 1

66. The command in chief of the naval and military forces of the Command of Commonwealth is vested in the Governor-General as tho Queen’s naval and representative. military forces.

69. On a date or dates to be proclaimed by the Governor-General after Transfer of the establishment of the Commonwealth the following departments of the certain

2 departments.

Ch. 12.

56

Commonwealth of Australia 63 & 64 VICT.

Constitution Act.

public service in each State shall become transferred to the Commonwealth:—

Posts, telegraphs, and telephones:

Naval and military defence:

Lighthouses, lightships, beacons, and buoys:

Quarantine.

But the departments of customs and of excise in each State shall become transferred to the Commonwealth on its establishment.

Certain powers 70. In respect of matters which, under this Constitution, pass to the Executive Government of the Commonwealth, all powers and functions Governor- which at the establishment of the Commonwealth are vested in the

General. Governor of a Colony, or in the Governor of a Colony with the advice of

his Executive Council, or in any authority of a Colony, shall west in the Governor-General, or in the Governor-General in Council, or in the authority exercising simili&r powers under the Commonwealth, as the case requires.

Chap. III.

The

Judicature.

CHAPTER HI.

The Judicature.

Judicial power 71. The judicial power of the Commonwealth shall be vested in a

and Courts. Federal Supreme Court, to be called the High Court of Australia, and in

such other federal courts as the Parliament creates, and in such other courts as it invests with federal jurisdiction. The High Court shall consist of a Chief Justice, and so many other Justices, not less than two, as the Parliament prescribes.

Judges' 72. The Justices of the High Court and of the other courts created by

appointment, the Parliament —

remunenuion. 0-) Shall be appointed by the Governor-General in Council:

(ii.) Shall not be removed except by the Governor-General in Council, on an address from both Houses of the Parliament in the same session, praying for such removal on the ground of proved misbehaviour or incapacity:

(iii.) Shall receive such remuneration as the Parliament may fix; but the remuneration shall not be diminished during their continuance in office.

Appellate 73. The High Court shall have jurisdiction, with such exceptions and

juririietioa of subject to such regulations as the Parliament prescribes, to hear and ig ourt. determine appeals from all judgments, decrees, orders, and sentences —

(i.) Of any Justice or Justices exercising the original jurisdiction of the High Court:

(ii.) Of any other federal court, or court exercising federal jurisdiction; or of the Supreme Court of any State, or of any other court of any State from which at the establishment of the Commonwealth an appeal lies to the Queen in Council:

(iii.) Of the Inter-State Commission, but as to questions of law only:

and the judgment of the High Court in all such cases shall be final and conclusive.

But no exception or regulation prescribed by the Parliament shall prevent the High Court from hearing and determining any appeal from the Supreme Court of a State in any matter in which at the establishment of the Commonwealth an appeal lies from such Supreme Court to the Queen in Council *

1900.

Commonwealth of Australia Constitution Act.

Ch. 12.

37

Until the Parliament otherwise provides, the conditions of and restrictions on appeals to the Queen in Council from the Supreme Courts of the several States shall be applicable to appeals from them to the High Court.

74. No appeal shall be permitted to the Queen in Council from a decision of the High Court upon any question, howsoever arising, as to the limits inter se of the Constitutional powers of the Commonwealth and those of any State or States, or as to the limits inter se of the Constitutional powers of any two or more States, unless the High Court shall certify that the question is one which ought to be determined by Her Majesty in Council.

The High Court may so certify if satisfied that for any special reason the certificate should be granted, and thereupon an appeal shall lie to Her Majesty in Council on the question without further leave.

Except as provided in this section, this Constitution shall not impair any right which the Queen may be pleased to exercise by virtue of Her Royal prerogative to grant special leave of appeal from the High Court to Her Majesty in Council. The Parliament may make laws limiting the matters in which such leave may be asked, but proposed laws containing any such limitation shall be reserved by the Governor-General for Her Majesty's pleasure.

75. In all matters —

(i.) Arising under any treaty:

(ii.) Affecting consuls or other representatives of other countries:

(iii.) In which the Commonwealth, or a person suing or being sued on behalf of the Commonwealth, is a party:

(iv.) Between States, or between residents of different States, or between a State and a resident of another State:

(v.) In which a writ of Mandamus or prohibition or an injunction is sought against an officer of the Commonwealth:

the High Court shall have original jurisdiction.

76. The Parliament may make laws conferring original jurisdiction the High Court in any matter —

(i.) Arising under this Constitution, or involving its interpretation:

(ii.) Arising under any laws made by the Parliament:

(iii.) Of Admiralty and maritime jurisdiction:

(iv.) Relating to the same subject-matter claimed under the laws different States.

77. "With respect to any of the matters mentioned in the last two sections Power to

the Parliament may make laws — define juris-

(i.) Defining the jurisdiction of any federal court other than the High dict‘0D* Court:

(ii.) Defining the extent to which the jurisdiction of any federal court shall be exclusive of that which belongs to or is invested in the courts of the States:

(iii.) Investing any court of a State with federal jurisdiction.

78. The Parliament may make laws conferring rights to proceed against Proceedings

the Commonwealth or a State in respect of matters within the limits of the against Com-judicial power. gjwnwealUi or

79. The federal jurisdiction of any court may be exercised by such Number of

number of judges as the Parliament prescribes. judges.

80. The trial on indictment of auy offence against any law of the Trial by jury. Commonwealth shall be by jury, and every such trial shall be held in the

State where the offence was committed, and if the offence was not committed within any State the trial shall be held at such place or places as the Parliament prescribes.

on Additional original jurisdiction.

Of

Appeal to Queen in Council.

Original Jurisdiction of High .Court.

38

Chap. IV. Finance ami Trade.

Consolidated

Revenue

Fund.

Expend itare

charged

thereon.

Money to be appropriated by law.

Transfer of officers.

Transfer of property of State.

Ch. 12. Commonwealth of Australia 63 & 64 Vict.

Constitution Act.

CHAPTER IV.

Finance and Trade.

81. All revenues or moneys raised or received by the Executive Government of the Commonwealth shall form one Consolidated Revenue Fund, to be appropriated for the purposes of the Commonwealth in the manner and subject to the charges and liabilities imposed by this Constitution.

82. The costs, charges, and expenses incident to the collection, management, and receipt of the Consolidated Revenue Fund shall form the first charge thereon; and the revenue of the Commonwealth shall in the first instance be applied to the payment of the expenditure of the Commonwealth.

83. No money shall be drawn from the Treasury of the Commonwealth except under appropriation made by law.

But until the expiration of one month after the first meeting of the Parliament the Governor-General in Council may draw from the Treasury and expend such moneys as may be necessary for the maintenance of any department transferred to the Commonwealth and for the holding of the first elections for the Parliament.

84. When any department of the public service of a State becomes transferred to the Commonwealth, all officers of the department shall become subject to the control of the Executive Government of the Commonwealth.

Any such officer who is not retained in the service of the Commonwealth shall, unless he is appointed to some other office of equal emolument in the public service of the State, be entitled to receive from the State any pension, gratuity, or other compensation, payable under the law of the State on the abolition of his office.

Any such officer who is retained in the service of the Commonwealth shall preserve all his existing and accruing rights, and shall be entitled to retire from office at the time, and on the pension or retiring allowance* which would be permitted by the law of the State if his service with the Commonwealth were a continuation of his service with the State. Such pension or retiring allowance shall be paid to him by the Commonwealth; but the State shall pay to the Commonwealth a part thereof, to be calculated on the proportion which his term of service with the State bears to his whole term of service, and for the purpose of the calculation his salary shall be taken to be that paid to him by the State at the time of the transfer.

Any officer who is, at the establishment of the Commonwealth, in the public service of a State, and who is, by consent of the Governor of the State, with the advice of the Executive Council thereof, transferred to the public service of the Commonwealth, shall have the same rights as if be had been an officer of a department transferred to the Commonwealth and were retained in the service of the Commonwealth.

85. When any department of the public service of a State is transferred to the Commonwealth —

(i.) All property of the State of any kind, used exclusively in connexion with the department, shall become vested in the Commonwealth; but, in the case of the departments controlling customs and excise and bounties, for such time only as the Governor-General in Council may declare to be necessary:

(ii.) The Commonwealth may acquire any properly of the State, of any kind used, but not exclusively used in connexion with the department; the value thereof shall, if no agreement can be made, be ascertained in, as nearly as may be, the munner in which the value of land, or of an

1900.

Commonwealth of Australia Constitution Act.

Cir. 12.

39

interest in land, taken by the State for public purposes is ascertained under the law of the State in force at the establishment of the Commonwealth:

(iii.) The Commonwealth shall compensate the State for the value of any property passing to the Commonwealth under this section; if no agreement can be made as to the mode of compensation, it shall he determined under laws to be made by the Parliament:

<(iv.) The Commonwealth shall, at. the date of the transfer, assume the current obligations of the State in respect of the department transferred.

86. On the establishment of the Commonwealth, the collection and control of duties of customs and of excise, and the control of the payment of bounties, shall pass to the Executive Government of the Commonwealth.

87. During a period of ten years after the establishment of the Commonwealth and thereafter until the Parliament otherwise provides, of the net revenue of the Commonwealth from duties of customs and of excise not more than one-fourth shall be applied annually by the Commonwealth towards its expenditure.

The balance shall, in accordance with this Constitution, be paid to the several States, or applied towards the payment of interest on debts of the aeveral States taken over by the Commonwealth.

88. Uniform duties of customs shall be imposed within two years after Uniform duties

4he establishment of the Commonwealth. of custom*.

89. Until the imposition of uniform duties of customs —

(i.) The Commonwealth shall credit to each State the revenues collected therein by the Commonwealth.

(ii.) The Commonwealth shall debit to each State —

(a) The Expenditure therein of the Commonwealth incurred solely for the maintenance or continuance, as at the time of transfer, of any department transferred from the State to the Commonwealth;

(b) The proportion of the State, according to the number of its people, in the other expenditure of the Commonwealth.

(iii.) The Commonwealth shall pay to each State month by month the balance (if any) in favour of the State.

Payment to States before uniform duties.

90. On the imposition of uniform duties of customs the power of the Exclusive Parliament to impose duties of customs and of excise, and to grant bounties power over on the production or export of goods, shall become exclusive. customs.

On the imposition of uniform duties of customs all laws of the several States imposing duties of customs or of excise, or offering bounties on the production or export of goods, shall cease to have effect, but any grant of or agreement for any such bounty lawfully made by or under the authority of the Government of any State shall be taken to be good if made before the thirtieth day of June, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight, and not otherwise.

91. Nothing in this Constitution prohibits a State from granting any aid Exceptions as to or bounty on mining for gold, silver, or other metals, nor from granting, to bounties, with the consent of both Houses of the Parliament of the Commonwealth expressed by resolution, any aid to or bounty on the production or export

of goods.

92. On the imposition of uniform duties of customs, trade, commerce, Trade within

and intercourse among the States, whether by means of internal carriage or the Common# ocean navigation, shall be absolutely free. wealth to be

Commonwealth of Australia Constitution Act

63 & 64 Vick.

40

Ch. 12.

Payment to States for five years after uniform tariffs.

Distribution of surplus.

Customs duties of Western Australia.

Financial assistance to States.

Audit.

But notwithstanding anything in this Constitution, goods imported before the imposition of uniform duties of customs into any State, or into any Colony which, whilst the goods remain therein, becomes a State, shall, on thence passing into another State within two years after the imposition of such duties, be liable to any duty chargeable on the importation of such goods into the Commonwealth, less any duty paid in respect of the goods on their importation.

93. During the first five years after the imposition of uniform duties of customs, and thereafter until the Parliament otherwise provides —

(i.) The duties of customs chargeable on goods imported into a State and afterwards passing into another State for consumption, and the duties of excise paid on goods produced or manufactured in a State and afterwards passing into another State for consumption, shall be taken to have been collected not in the former but in the latter State:

(ii.) Subject to the last subsection, the Commonwealth shall credit revenue, debit expenditure, and pay balances to the several States as prescribed for the period preceding the imposition of uniform duties of customs.

94. After five years from the imposition of uniform duties of customs,

the Parliament may provide, on such basis as it deems fair, for the monthly payment to the several States of all surplus revenue of the Commonwealth.

93. Notwithstanding anything in this Constitution, the Parliament of the State of Western Australia, if that State be an Original Slate, may, during the first five years after the imposition of uniform duties of customs, impose duties of customs on goods passing into that State and not originally imported from beyond the limits of the Commonwealth; and such duties shall be collected by the Commonwealth.

But any duty so imposed on any goods shall not exceed during the first of such years the duty chargeable on the goods under the law of Western Australia in force at the imposition of uniform duties, and shall not exceed during the second, third, fourth, and fifth of such years respectively, four-fifths, three-fifths, two-fifths, and one-fifth of such latter duty, and alt duties imposed under this section shall cease at the expiration of the fifth year after the imposition of uniform duties.

If at any time during the five years the duty on any goods under this section, is higher than the duty imposed by the Commonwealth on the importation of the like goods, then such higher duty shall be collected on the goods when imported into Western Australia from beyond the limits of the Commonwealth.

96. During a period of ten years after the establishment of the Commonwealth and thereafter until the Parliament otherwise provides, the Parliament may grant financial assistance to any State on such terms and conditions as the Parliament thinks fit.

97. Until the Parliament otherwise provides, the laws in force in any Colony which has become or becomes a State with respect to the receipt of revenue and the expenditure of money on account of the Government of the Colony, and the review and audit of such receipt and expenditure, shall apply to the receipt of revenue and the expenditure of money on account of the Commonwealth in the State in the same manner as if the Commonwealth, or the Government or an officer of the Commonwealth, were mentioned whenever the Colony, or the Government or an officer of the Colony, is mentioned.

1900.

Commonwealth of Australia Constitution Act.

Ch. 12.

41

98. The power of the Parliament to make laws with respect to trade Trade and com-

and commerce extends to navigation and shipping, and to railways the Sav^itionUdes property of any State. and state

99. The Commonwealth shall not, by any law or regulation of trade, Common-

commerce, or revenue, give preference to one State or any part thereof wealth not

over another State or any part thereof. to g*ve Pre-

rerence.

100. The Commonwealth shall not, by any law or regulation of trade or Nor abridge

commerce, abridge the right of a State or of the residents therein to the right to use reasonable use of the waters of rivers for conservation or irrigation. water.

101. There shall be an Inter-State Commission, with such powers of Inter-State adj udication and administration as the Parliament deems necessary for the Commission, execution and maintenance, within the Commonwealth, of the provisions

of this Constitution relating to trade and commerce, and of all laws made thereunder.

102. The Parliament may by any law with respect to trade or commerce Parliament forbid, as to railways, any preference or discrimination by any State, or by "*7 forbid any authority constituted under a State, if such preference or discrimi- £ nation is undue and unreasonable, or unjust to any State; due regard y being had' to the financial responsibilities incurred by any State in connexion with the construction and maintenance of its railways. But

no preference or discrimination shall, within the meaning of this section, be taken to be undue and unreasonable, or unjust to any State, unless so adjudged by the Inter-State Commission.

103. The members of the Inter-State Commission — Commis-

(i.) Shall be appointed by the Governor-General in Council: Burners ’

(ii.) Shall hold office for seven years, but may be removed within that appointment,

time by the Governor-General in Council, on an address from both ^nan^ion. Houses of the Parliament in the same session praying for such removal on the ground of proved misbehaviour or incapacity:

(iii.) Shall receive such remuneration as the Parliament may fix; but such remuneration shall not be diminished during their continuance in office.

104. Nothing in this Constitution shall render unlawful any rate for Saving of the carriage of goods upon a railway, the property of a State, if the rate is certain rates, deemed by the Inter-State Commission to be necessary for the development of the territory of the State, and if the rate applies equally to goods

within the State and to goods passing into the State from other States.

105. The Parliament may take over from the States their public debts Taking over as existing at the establishment of the Commonwealth, or a proportion public debts of thereof according to the respective numbers of their people as shown by States.

the latest statistics of the Commonwealth, and may convert, renew, or consolidate such debts, or any part thereof; and the States shall indemnify the Commonwealth in respect of the debts taken over, and thereafter the interest payable in respect of the debts shall be deducted and retained from the portions of the surplus revenue of the Commonwealth payable to the several States, or if such surplus is insufficient, or if there is no surplus, then the deficiency or the whole amount shall be paid by the several States.

42

Ch. 12.

Commonwealth of Australia Constitution Act

63 & 64 Vict.

Chap. V. The States.

CHAPTER V.

The States.

Saving of Constitutions.

Saving of Power of State Parliaments.

Saving of State laws.

Inconsistency of laws.

Provisions referring to Governor.

States may

surrender

territory.

States may levy charges for-inspection laws.

Intoxicating

liquids.

States may not

raise forces. Taxation of property of Commonwealth or State.

States not to coin money.

Commonwealth not to legislate in respect of religion.

106. The Constitution of each State of the Commonwealth shall, subject to this Constitution, continue as at the establishment of the Commonwealth, or as at the admission or establishment of the State, as the case may be, until altered in accordance with the Constitution of the State.

107. Every power of the Parliament of a Colony which has become or becomes a State, shall, unless it is by this Constitution exclusively vested in the Parliament of the Commonwealth or withdrawn from the Parliament of the State, continue as at the establishment of the Commonwealth, or as at the admission or establishment of the State, as the case may be.

108. Every law in force in a Colony which has become or becomes a State, and relating to any matter within the powers of the Parliament of the Commonwealth, shall, subject to this Constitution, continue in force in the State; and, until provision is made in that behalf by the Parliament of the Commonwealth, the Parliament of the State shall have such powers of alteration and of repeal in respect of any such law as the Parliament of the Colony had until the Colony became a State.

109. When a law of a State is inconsistent with a law of the Commonwealth, the latter shall prevail, and the former shall, to the extent of the inconsistency, he invalid.

110. The provisions of this Constitution relating to the Governor of a State extend and apply to the Governor for the time being of the State, or other chief executive officer or administrator of the government of the State.

111. The Parliament of a State may surrender any part of the State to the Commonwealth; and upon such surrender, and the acceptance thereof by the Commonwealth, such part of the State shall become subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Commonwealth.

112. After uniform duties of customs have been imposed, a State may levy on imports or exports, or on goods passing into or out of the State, such charges as may be necessary for executing the inspection laws of the State; but the net produce of ail charges so levied shall be ft>r the use of the Commonwealth; and any such inspection laws may be annulled by the Parliament of the Commonwealth.

113. All fermented, distilled, or other intoxicating liquids passing into any State or remaining therein for use, consumption, sale, or storage, shall be subject to the laws of the State as if such liquids had been produced in the State.

114. A Stato shall not, without the consent of the Parliament of the Commonwealth, raise or maintain any naval or military force, or impose any tax on property of any kind belonging to the Commonwealth, nor shall the Commonwealth impose any tax on property of any kind belonging to a State.

115. A State shall not coin money, nor make anything hut gold and silver coin a legal tender in payment of debts.

116. The Commonwealth shall not make any law for establishing any religion, or for imposing any religious observance, or for prohibiting the free exercise of any religion, and ito religious test shall be required as a qualification for any office or public trust under the Commonwealth.

1900.

Commonwealth of Australia Constitution Act.

Ch. 12.

43

117. A subject of the Queen, resident in any State, shall not be subject in any other State to any disability or discrimination which would not be equally applicable to him if he were a subject of the Queen resident in such other State.

118. Full faith and credit shall be given, throughout the Commonwealth, to the laws, the public Acts and records, and the judicial proceedings of every State.

119. The Commonwealth shall protect every State against invasion and, on the application of the Executive Government of the State, against domestic violence.

120. Every State shall make provision for the detention in its prisons of persons accused or convicted of offences against the laws of the Commonwealth, and for the punishment of persons convicted of such offences, and the Parliament of the Commonwealth may make laws to give effect to this provision.

CHAPTER VI.

New States.

121. The Parliament may admit to the Commonwealth or establish new States, and may upon such admission or establishment make or impose such terms and conditions, including the extent of representation in either House of the Parliament, as it thinks fit.

122. The Parliament may make laws for the government of any territory surrendered by any State to and accepted by the Commonwealth, or of any territory placed by the Queen under the authority of and accepted by the Commonwealth, or otherwise acquired by the Commonwealth, and may allow the representation of such territory in either House of the Parliament to the extent and on the terms which it thinks fit.

123. The Parliament of the Commonwealth may, with the consent of the Parliament of a State, and the approval of the majority of the electors of the State voting upon the question, increase, diminish, or otherwise alter the limits of the State, upon such terms and conditions as may be agreed on, and may, with the like consent, make provision respecting the effect and operation of any increase or diminution or alteration of territory in relation to any State affected.

124. A new State may be formed by separation of territory from a State, but only with the consent of the Parliament thereof, and a new State may be formed by the union of two or more States or parts of States, but only with the consent of the Parliaments of the States affected.

CHAPTER VII.

Miscellaneous.

125. The seat of Government of the Commonwealth shall be determined by the Parliament, and shall be within territory which shall have been granted to or acquired by the Commonwealth, and shall be vested in and belong to the Commonwealth, and shall be in the State of New South Wales, and be distant not less than one hundred miles from Sydney.

Such territory shall contain an area of not less than oue hundred square tniles, and such portion thereof as shall consist of Crown lands shall be granted to the Commonwealth without any payment therefor.

Rights of residents in States.

Recognition of laws, &c. of States.

Protection of States from invasion and violence.

Custody of offenders against laws of the Commonwealth.

Chap. VI. New States.

New States may be admitted or established.

Government of territories.

Alteration of limits of States.

Formation of new States.

Chap. VII. Miscellaneous.

Seat of Government.

41

Ch. 12.

Power to Her

Majesty to

authorise

Governor-

General to

appoint

deputies.

Aborigines not to be counted in reckoning population.

Chap. YIH. Alteration of Constitution.

Mode of altering the Constitution.

Commonwealth of Australia 63 & 64 Vict. Constitution Act.

The Parliament shall sit at Melbourne until it meet at the seat of Government.

126. The Queen may authorise the Governor-General to appoint any person, or any persons jointly or severally, to be his deputy or deputies within any part of the Commonwealth, and in that capacity to exercise during the pleasure of the Governor-General such powers and functions of the Governor-General as he thinks fit to assign to such deputy or deputies, subject to any limitations expressed or directions given by the Queen; but the appointment of such deputy or deputies shall not affect the exercise by the Governor-General himself of any power or function.

127. In reckoning the numbers of the people of the Commonwealth, or of a State or other part of the Commonwealth, aboriginal natives shall not be counted.

CHAPTER VIII.

Alteration of the Constitution.

128. This Constitution shall not be altered except in the following manner: —

The proposed law for the alteration thereof must be passed by an absolute majority of each Bouse of the Parliament, and not less than two nor more than six months after its passage through both Houses the proposed law shall be submitted in each State to the electors qualified to vote for the election of members of the House of Representatives.

But if either House passes any such proposed law by an absolute majority, and the other House rejects or fails to pass it or passes it with any amendment to which the first-mentioned House will not agree, and if after an interval of throe months the first-mentioned House in the same or the next session again passes the proposed law by an absolute minority with or without any amendment which has been made or agreed to by the other House, and such other House rejects or fails to pass it or passes it with any amendment to which the first-mentioned House will not agree, the Governor-General may submit the proposed law as last proposed by the first-mentioned House, and either with or without any amendments subsequently agreed to by both Houses, to the electors in each State qualified to vote for the election of the House of Representatives.

When a proposed law is submitted to the electors the vote shall be taken in such manner as the Parliament prescribes. But until the qualification of electors of members of the House of Representatives becomes uniform throughout the Commonwealth, only one-half the electors voting for and against the proposed law shall be counted in any State in which adult suffrage prevails.

And if in a majority of the States a majority of the electors voting approve the proposed law, and if a majority of all the electors voting also approve the proposed law, it shall be presented to the Governor-General for the Queen’s assent.

No alteration diminishing the proportionate representation of any State in either House of the Parliament, or the minimum number of representatives of a State in the House of Representatives, or increasing, diminishing, or otherwise altering the limits of the State, or in any manner affecting the provisions of the Constitution in relation thereto, shall become law unless the majority of the electors voting in that State approve the proposed law.

1900.

45

Commonwealth of Australia Ofi. 12, 15, 14. Constitution Act.

SCHEDULE.

Oath.

I, A.B., do swear that I will be faithful and bear true allegiance to Her Majesty Queen Victoria, Her heirs and successors according to law. So help me God!

Affirmation.

I, A.B., do solemnly and sincerely affirm and declare that I will be

faithful and bear true allegiance to Her Majesty Queen Victoria, Her heirs and successors according to law.

(Note. — The name of the King or Queen of the United Kingdom, of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being is to be substituted from time to time.)

CHAPTER 13.

An Act to amend the County Councils (Elections) Act,

1891.

[10th July 1900.] .

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: —

1. This Act may be cited as the County Councils (Elections) short title. Amendment Act, 1900.

2. In any year, which is not the year of election of county Date of councillors, the ordinary dajj of election of the chairman and the holding day for holding the quarterly meeting referred to in subsection (3) meeting7 of section one of the County Councils (Elections) Act, 1891, may, of county notwithstanding anything in that subsection, be such day in the councils, months of March, April, or May as the county council shall from 54 & 55 Vict, time to time determine. 68‘

3. This Act shall not apply to Scotland or Ireland. Extent of

CHAPTER 14.

An Act to provide for the admission of Solicitors of Courts of British Possessions to the Supreme Courts in the United Kingdom.

[10th July 1900.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

46

Ch. 14.

Colonial Solicitors Act, 1900. 63 & 64 Vict.

Admission of solicitor of British possession.

Application of Act to British possessions.

Definitions.

Application of Act to Scotland.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 63.

1. A solicitor of a superior court in a British possession to which this Act applies, and who has been in practice before such court for not less than three years, may on giving due notice and the prescribed proof of his qualifications and good character, and either on passing the prescribed examination or, in the prescribed cases, without examination, and either after service of articles of clerkship during the prescribed period, or, in the prescribed cases, without such service, be admitted a solicitor of the Supreme Court on payment of the prescribed amount in respect of stamp duties and fees.

2. — (1.) Where as respects a superior court in a British possession Her Majesty the Queen in Council is satisfied, on the report of a Secretary of State —

(a) that the regulations respecting the admission of persons to be solicitors of that superior court are such as to secure that those solicitors possess proper qualifications and competency; and

(b)that by the law of the British possession the solicitors of the

Supreme Court will be admitted to be solicitors of the superior court in the possession, on terms as favourable as those on which it is proposed to admit solicitors of that superior court in pursuance of this Act to be solicitors of the Supreme Court;

Her Majesty in Council may order that this Act shall apply, and the same shall accordingly apply to the said superior court and British possession, subject to any exceptions, conditions, and modifications specified in the order.

(2.) Her Majesty in Council, by the same or any subsequent order may, as respects the court and British possession named in the order, provide for all matters authorised by this Act to be prescribed, and for all matters appearing to Her Majesty to be necessary or proper for giving effect to the order and to this Act.

(3.) Her Majesty in Council may revoke and vary any order previously made under this Act.

3. — (1.) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, the expressions "superior court " and " solicitor " mean respectively, as respects any British possession, such court in the possession, and such solicitor, attorney, law agent, or other person entitled to practise as agent in a court of law in the British possession, as may be prescribed.

(2.) A part of a British possession under a local legislature may be treated as a British possession for the purposes of this Act.

4. In the application of this Act to Scotland, the following modifications shall be made:—

(a.) "Court of Session" shall be substituted for "Supreme Court":

(6.) " Solicitor of the Supreme Court " shall mean any enrolled law agent under the Law Agents (Scotland) Act, 1873:

(c.) " Articles of clerkship " shall include " indentures of apprenticeship."

1900.

Colonial Solicitors Act, 1900. Ch. 14, 15.

47

5. In the modification shall

application of this Act to Ireland the following Application mil be made:— of Act to

Articles of clerkship shall include indentures of apprenticeship.

Ireland.

6. — (1.) An Order in Council applying this Act to a court in a Modification

British possession may provide that solicitors of that court may j? W^ca-be admitted by virtue of this Act to be solicitors in any part of (©different the United Kingdom, namely, England, Scotland, or Ireland, or in parts of the two or one of those parts only. United

(2.) A person admitted under this Act to be a solicitor in one limSaom* part of the United Kingdom shall not, while remaining a solicitor there, be admitted under this Act to be a solicitor in any other part of the United Kingdom.

7. — (1.) This Act may be cited as the Colonial Solicitors Act, short title,

1900. repeal, and

(2.) The Acts specified in the schedule to this Act are hereby ment of Act. repealed.

(3.) This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January one thousand nine hundred and one.

SCHEDULE.

Session and Chapter. Title.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 30. -37 & 38 Vict. c. 41. -47 & 48 Vict. c. 24. - The Colonial Attorneys Relief Act. The Colonial Attorneys Relief Act. The Colonial Attorneys Relief Act Amendment Act, 1884.

CHAPTER 15.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Burial Grounds.

[10th July 1900.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: —

L — (J.) The burial authority for any burial ground may, if they Consecration, think fit, apply to the bishop to consecrate any portion of the burial ground approved in that behalf by the Secretary of State.

48

Cm. 15.

Burial Act, 1900.

63 & C4 yicr.

Chapels.

42 & 48 Vict c. 81.

Fees.

(2.) If the burial authority do not make the application within a reasonable time after a request in that behalf, and the Secretary of State is satisfied that a reasonable number of the persons for whom, or within the area for which, the burial ground is provided desire that a portion of it be consecrated, and that the consecration fees have been paid or reasonably secured, the Secretary of State may make th© application in respect of an approved portion of the burial ground, and the bishop may consecrate accordingly, and it shall be the duty of the burial authority to make such arrangements as may be necessary for the consecration.

2. — (1.) A burial authority may at their own cost erect on any part of their burial ground, which is not consecrated or set apart for the exclusive use of aDy particular denomination, any chapel which they consider necessary for the due performance of funeral services, but any chapel so erected after the passing of this Act shall not be consecrated or reserved for the exclusive use of any denomination.

(2.) A burial authority may, at the request and cost of the residents within their district belonging to any particular denomination, erect, furnish, and maintain a chapel for funeral services according to the rites of that denomination on the ground appropriated to their use.

(3.) Where such a request is made and the estimated costs are tendered to the burial authority or reasonably secured, then, if the burial authority refuse to grant the request or fail to give effect to it within a reasonable time, a Secretary of State may, if he thinks fit, by order in writing, require the burial authority to erect, furnish, and maintain, or to give facilities for erecting, furnishing, and maintaining, such a chapel in accordance with directions given in the order, and the burial authority shall comply with the order.

(4.) Subject to the provisions of this section the obligation of a burial authority to build a chapel within the consecrated part of a burial ground provided under the Public Health (Interments) Act, 1879, shall cease.

3. — (1.) Every burial authority shall submit to the Secretary of State a table of fees to be received by them in respect of services rendered by any minister of religion or sexton, and the Secretary of State may approve the table with or without modifications. Provided that such fees shall be of the same amount in respect of burial service in the consecrated and the unconsecrated parts of a burial ground.

(2.) If the burial authority fail to submit such a table on being requested to do so by the Secretary of State, he may make a table of fees.

(3.) The fees fixed by the table shall be payable to and collected by the burial authority, together with the other fees payable to them, and shall be paid by the burial authority to the minister or sexton in such manner as may be agreed on, or as in default of agreement may be directed by the Secretary of State.

(4.) Subject to the provisions of this section, no fee shall be payable to any incumbent of a parish in respect of any right of

1900. Burial Act, 1900. Ch. 15. 49

-exclusive burial, or the erection of a monument, or any other matter whatsoever, in any burial ground maintained by a burial authority, except for services rendered by him, and this enactment shall apply to any such fee which is by law or custom payable to the churchwardens of any parish or to trustees or other persons for any parochial purpose, or for the discharge of any debt or liability, in like manner as it applies to fees payable to an incumbent.

Provided as follows:—

(i.) Where, at the passing of this Act, fees other than for services rendered are payable in respect of any matter arising in any burial ground attached to or used for the purposes of a parish, and laid out and used before the passing of this Act, the like fees shall continue to be paid during the incumbency of the person who, at the passing of this Act, is the incumbent of the parish, or during a period of fifteen years from the passing of this Act, whichever is longer, or if the fees are not paid to the incumbent, or to any person claiming through or under him, then during the said period of fifteen years, and shall be applicable to the like purposes as heretofore, and the burial authority shall collect and pay these fees in like manner as the fees to be paid for services rendered;

(ii.) The Ecclesiastical Commissioners may at the request and subject to the approval of the incumbent, or other person interested, agree with any burial authority for such payment, periodical or otherwise, as may be thought equitable in commutation of the fees other than those claimed for services rendered, and an agreement so approved shall be binding on the persons for the time being interested, and the burial authority may make accordingly any payment so agreed upon. Where the fees are paid to an incumbent, or to any person claiming through or under him, the Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall apply the commutation money in the first instance to such compensation of the existing incumbent as they may deem equitable, regard being had to all the circumstances of the case; and the residue, if any, for the augmentation of the benefice.

(5.) No fee, other than fees payable to a sexton for services rendered by him, shall be paid to any clerk or other ecclesiastical officer in respect of interments in a burial ground maintained by a burial authority. Provided that any clerk or other ecclesiastical officer who at the passing of this Act is entitled to fees in respect of interments in any such burial ground may apply to the burial authority for compensation for the pecuniary loss caused to him by the foregoing enactment, and the burial authority shall receive and consider the application, and pay to him such sum of money as equitable compensation for his loss and in such manner as may be agreed on, or in default of agreement may be directed by the Secretary of State.

D

50

Ch. 15.

Burial Aat, 1900.

63 & 64 Vict.

Transfer of powers to Local

Government

Board.

(6.) For the purposes of this section, a burial authority may borrow in like manner and subject to the like conditions as they may borrow for the provision of a burial ground.

(7.) The provisions of this section, except those as to collection, shall apply to any fixed annual sum substituted for fees in pursuance of section thirty-seven of the Burials Act, 1852, in like manner as they apply to fees.

4. The powers and duties of the Secretary of State under or referred to in the enactments in the First Schedule to this Act shall be transferred to the Local Government Board, and those enactments shall have effect as if any reference therein to a Secretary of State were a reference to the Local Government Board.

Inquiries by 5. — (1.) The Secretary of State may, if he thinks fit, appoint

Secretary oS — any person to inquire into any matter relating to the consecration tate' of any part of a burial ground, or the building of any chapel

therein, or the fixing, varying, or commutation of or compensation for any fees payable to ministers of religion, ecclesiastical officers, and sextons in connection therewith.

(2.) The Secretary of State may make such order as he thinks just as to the payment by the burial authority or other parties of the whole or any part of the costs of the inquiry, including the remuneration and expenses herein-after mentioned. Any such order may direct payment to be made to the Exchequer or other parties, and may be enforced as if it were an order of the High Court.

(3.) The Secretary of State may assign to any person appointed under this section such remuneration not exceeding five guineas a day as he may think fit, and a suitable allowance for expenses, and the remuneration and allowance so assigned shall, except so far as otherwise provided, be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

Protection of 6. Unconsecrated ground which is maintained by a burial

unconsecrated authority and set apart for the purposes of burial shall not be burial ground. applied to

any other purpose except by leave of the Local Government Board.

Obligation of incumbent as to burial.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 31.

Notice of intention to bury.

7. The incumbent of any ecclesiastical parish situate wholly or partly within the area for which a burial ground is providedjmder the Public Health (Interments) Act, 1879, shall, with respect to his own parishioners, and persons dying in his parish, be under the same obligation to perform funeral services in that burial ground as he is to perform funeral services in a burial ground provided under the Burial Acts, and the power of the burial authority to appoint a chaplain for a burial ground provided under the Public Health (Interments) Act, 1879, shall cease, and where there is no chaplain for a burial ground so provided, burials in the consecrated part of the ground shall be registered in like manner, and subject to the like provisions as burials in the unconsecrated part.

8. The notice to be given of intention to bury in a burial ground maintained by a burial authority shall be given at such

1900.

Burial Act, 1900. Ch. 15.

51

time and to such person as the burial authority may direct, and so much of section one of the Burial Laws Amendment Act, 1880, as 43 & 44 Vict. requires forty*eight hours’ notice to be given in any such case shall c. 4i. be repealed.

9. The provisions of section seven of the Burial Act, 1853, as Application of

to allotment of the unconsecrated part of a burial ground, and certain pro-the Burial Laws Amendment Act, 1880, as amended by this Act, Buri^Acts to shall apply to burial grounds provided under the Public Health cemeteries810 (Interments) Act, 1879, as if the burial authority were a burial unde* 42 & 43 board.

10. Section fifteen of the Cemeteries Clauses Act, 1847 (relating Boundary

to boundary fences) shall not apply to a burial ground provided vict

under the Public Health (Interments) Act, 1879. c. 65.

11. In this Act the expression "burial authority " shall mean Meaning ot

any burial board, any council, committee, or other local authority having the powers and duties of a burial board, and any local authority maintaining a cemetery under the Public Health 42 & 43 Vict. (Interments) Act, 1879, or under any local Act. c. 81.

12. The enactments mentioned in the Second Schedule to this Repeal.

Act are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of that schedule.

13. — (1.) This Act may be cited as the Burial Act, 1900, and Short title may be cited and shall be construed with the Burial Acts, 1852 mefiJommeDee' to 1885.

(2.) This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January one thousand nine hundred and one.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Enactments giving or referring to Powers which are to

BE TRANSFERRED TO THE LOCAL GOVERNMENT BOARD.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Enactments.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 85. - 16 & 17 Vict. c. 134. 18 & 19 Vict. c. 128. 20 & 21 Vict 21 Vict. c. 81. -22 Vict. c. 1. - The Burial Act, 1852 The Burial Act, 1853 The Burial Act, 1855 The Burial Act, 1857 The Burial Act, 1859 Sections two, six, seven, nine, ten, and forty-four. Sections one, four, five, and six. Sections three, six, seven, eight, and seventeen. Sections nine, ten, twenty-three, and twenty-four. Section one.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 64. - The Burial Act, 1860 Section four.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 33. - The Burial Act, 1871 Section one.

52

Ch. 15.

Burial Act, 1900.

63 & 64 Vict.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Enactments repealed.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 85. - The Burial Act, 1852

Extent of Repeal.

Section thirty, from "and to build’* to the end of the section.

In section th; rty-one the words "as aforesaid ".

In section thirty-two the words from and after the " consecration as aforesaid "of"; the words from " except any portion " to " appoint, such burial ground"; the words "and " shall be entitled to receive " the same fees in respect " of such burials which he " has previously enjoyed " and received "; the words "and shall be entitled to " receive the same fees on " such burials "; and the words "and received " where they last occur.

Section thirty-three, from "but there shall be payable " to the end of the section.

In section thirty-four, the words "without prejudice " to the fees and payments " herein specially provided " for."

Sections thirty - five, thirty-six, and thirty-seven.

Section fifty so far as it relates'to a burial ground under a burial authority.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 134.

The Burial Act, 1853 1 Section seven, so far as it re-enacts any provision repealed by this Act, and the words "that new burial " ground shall be divided " into consecrated and un- consecrated parts, in "such proportions and" and from " and when any " burial board " to the end of the section.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 87.

The Burial Act, 1854

Sections eight and ten.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 128.

The Burial Act, 1855

Sections ten and fourteen.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 35.

The City of London i Sections one, three, four, and Burial Act, 1857. five, and the Schedule.

1900.

Burial Ac, 1900. Ch. 15, 16.

53

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Extent of Repeal.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 81. - The Burial Act, 1857:! Section three, from " and " may, if they 6ee fit, " to the end of the section. In section five, the words and consecrated, " and the words "and be entitled " to the same fees, " in each case where they occur. In section twelve, the words "which application the board is required to make as soon as such ground is in such fit and proper condition ". Section seventeen.

CHAPTER 16.

An Act to make further provision for the Term of Office of District Councillors and Guardians.

[10th July 1900.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) Where, in pursuance of the Local Government Act, Power to 1894, on such application or request as in that Act is mentioned, rescind an order or direction has been or hereafter may be made or 2tirement of given by the council of a county or county borough, or a joint District committee of any such councils, as the case may be, with respect Councillors or to the retirement of members of an urban or rural district council, 56 & soviet, or of a board of guardians, the council or joint committee may, on c. 73. the like application or request, by order rescind such first-mentioned order or direction.

(2.) Every order made in pursuance of this section shall provide for all matters necessary or proper for carrying into effect the objects of the said order; and, in particular, shall require all the councillors or guardians in office at the date thereof to go out of office, and their places to be filled by the newly-elected councillors or guardians, on the fifteenth day of April next following that date.

(3.) Where an order, made in pursuance of this section, rescinds an order made in pursuance of subsection three of section sixty of the Local Government Act, 1894, the proviso to that subsection shall apply a3 if the first-mentioned order were made under the said subsection.

2. This Act may be cited as the District Councillors and Short titter Guardians (Term of Office) Act, 1900.

54 Ch. 17, 18. Naval Reserve (Mobilisation) 63 & 64 Vict.

Act, 1900.

CHAPTER 17.

An Act to amend the Royal Naval Reserve (Volunteer) Act, 1859, in relation to calling out the Volunteers for Actual Service.

[10th July 1900.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Directions by 1. Where Her Majesty in pursuance of section four of the Royal mfmbeMof810 ^ava^ Reserve (Volunteer) Act, 1859, orders and directs that volunteers volunteers under that Act shall be called into actual service, Her called out. Majesty may authorise the Admiralty to give, and, when given, c. 24o 23 V Ct to revoke or vary, such directions as may seem necessary or proper for calling out all or any of the said volunteers as the occasion may require.

short title. 2. This Act may be cited as the Naval Reserve (Mobilisation) Act, 1900.

CHAPTER 18.

An Act to amend the County Surveyors (Ireland) Act, 1862.

[10th July 1900.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Amendment of 1. — (1.) Notwithstanding anything in the County Surveyors

(Ireland) Act, 1862, a person may be appointed to the office of examination of county surveyor whose qualifications have been at any time county examined into and certified by the Civil Service Commissioners,

sarveyors. (2.) In the said Act of 1862 the words "whenever a vacancy

shall occur in any of such offices " and " of all persons desirous to fill the same " are hereby repealed.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be sited as the County Surveyors (Ireland) Act, 1900.

1900.

Land Registry (New Buildings) Act, 1900. Ch. 19.

55

CHAPTER 19.

An Act for the acquisition of Property for building a new Land Registry Office and other Public Offices in London, and for purposes connected therewith.

[30th July 1900.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide a new building for the business of the Land Registry Office and other public departments carried on at the Land Registry Office situate in Lincoln’s Inn Fields, and for such other public offices as may be determined:

And whereas for that purpose it is expedient that the Commissioners of Works (in this Act called the Commissioners) should be empowered to acquiro certain land and buildings situated in the parishes of Saint Clement Danes and Saint Giles-in-the-Fields, in the county of London:

And whereas these lands and buildings cannot be acquired without the authority of Parliament:

And whereas duplicate plans (in this Act referred to as the deposited plans) describing the situation of the land proposed to be acquired, with the houses and buildings thereon, with a book of reference thereto (in this Act referred to as the deposited book of reference), containing the names of the owners and lessees, or reputed owners and lessees, and of the occupiers thereof, have been deposited with the clerk of the peace for the county of London:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Commissioners may purchase and acquire for the Power to purposes of this Act all or any of the lands delineated on the Purchase laDd' deposited plans and described in the deposited book of reference.

2. — (1.) For the purpose of the purchase and acquisition of land incorporation under this Act the Lands Clauses Acts shall, subject to the Lands

provisions of this Act, be incorporated with this Act with the U5CS Acti‘

following exceptions and modifications: —

(a.) The provisions relating to the sale of superfluous land and access to the special Act and section one hundred and thirty-three of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845 (relating ^g9 Vict‘ to land tax and poor rate) shall not be incorporated with this Act:

(6.) In the construction of this Act, and of the incorporated Acts, this Act shall be deemed to be the " special Act, " and the Commissioners shall be deemed to be the " promoters of the undertaking ":

(c.) The bond required by section eighty-five of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, shall be under the common seal of the Commissioners, and shall be sufficient without the addition of the sureties mentioned in that section:

56

Ch. 10

Land Registry (New Buildings) Act, 1900.

63 & 64 Vict.

Issue and raising of money for purposes of Act.

Land tax.

59 & 60 Vict. c. 28.

(d.) All claims for compensation made upon the Commissioners under this Act, or any Act incorporated herewith, shall, if the person claiming has no greater interest in the land in respect of which compensation is claimed, than as tenant from year to year, or as a leaseholder for any term of which not more than eighteen months remain unexpired at the time at which the claim is made, be determined in manner provided by section one hundred and twenty-one of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845.

(2.) The powers of the Commissioners for the compulsory purchase of land under this Act shall cease after the expiration of three years from the passing of this Act.

3. — (1.) The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof such sums, not exceeding in the whole the sum of two hundred and sixty-five thousand pounds, as may be required by the Commissioners for such purposes connected with the acquisition of land and the erection of buildings under this Act as the Treasury may approve.

(2.) The Treasury may, if they think fit, at any time for the purpose of providing money for the issue of sums out of the Consolidated Fund under this Act, or the repayment to that Fund of all or any part of the sums so issued, borrow money by means of terminable annuities for such period, not exceeding fifty years from the passing of this Act, as the Treasury may fix, and all sums so borrowed shall be paid into the Exchequer.

(3.) The said annuities shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament for the service of the Commissioners, and if those moneys are insufficient, shall be charged on and paid out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, or the growing produce thereof.

(4.) The Commissioners shall, within six months after the end of every financial year in which money is issued under this section, cause to be made out an account, in the form required by the Treasury, showing the money expended and borrowed and the securities created under this Act; and the account of expenditure under this Act shall be audited and reported upon by the Comptroller and Auditor-General as an appropriation account in manner directed by the Exchequer and Audit Department Act, 1866.

4. — (1.) Any land tax assessed on the first day of January one thousand nine hundred on any part of the land acquired by the Commissioners of Works for the purposes of this Act shall, as from the date of acquisition, be deemed to have been redeemed ub the price and in accordance with the conditions provided by the Finance Act, 1896, and the Land Tax Acts therein defined, and after the date of acquisition no sum shall be assessed or charged in respect of land tax on any part of the land so acquired.

(2.) The Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall grant a certificate of exoneration from assessment to land tax of the lands so acquired, and that certificate shall be registered by the officer

1900. Land Registry (New Buildings) Act, 1900. Ch. 19. 57

appointed for the registry of contracts for the redemption of land tax.

5. — (1.) All rights of way, rights of laying down or of continu- Extinction of ing any pipes, sewers, or drains, on, through, or under any of the ^l^, t^rway land acquired by the Commissioners under the provisions of this easements. Act, and all other rights and easements in or relating to that land, shall be extinguished, and all the soil of those ways, and the property in the pipes, sewers, and drains, shall vest in the Commissioners.

(2.) Provided that any persons may recover from the Commissioners such compensation (if any) as they may be entitled to under any of the provisions of the Lands Clauses Acts for any rights or property of which they may be deprived in pursuance of this section and the amount of that compensation shall be determined in manner provided by the Lands Clauses Acts as modified for the purpose of their incorporation with this Act.

7. The Commissioners and their surveyors, officers, and work- Power to enter men may at all reasonable time in the daytime, on giving twenty- oa Iandl-four hours’ notice in writing, enter on any of the land which the Commissioners are authorised to acquire under this Act for the

purpose of surveying or valuing the land.

8. The Commissioners may erect all such buildings, execute all Power of Com-such works, and do all such other things as may in their opinion J^oner"to be necessary or proper for the purpose of providing, on land acquired by them under this Act, and on the site of the present

Land Registry Office, accommodation for the business of the Land Registry Office and other public departments carried on at the Land Registry Office, and for such other public offices as may be determined, and appropriating any such land for any of those purposes.

9. — (1.) Where, in the removal or pulling down of any buildings, Protection of or in raising or lowering the ground of any street or way for the inf88’ purpose of this Act, it is necessary to raise, sink, or otherwise alter dectricity the position relatively to the surface of the ground of any pipe, companies, wire, or other apparatus, laid down or used by any gas, water,

or electricity company, or connected with any house or building for the supply of gas, water, or electricity,

(a) one month’s notice shall be given to the company previously to the commencement of any such work; and (5) the work shall be executed to the reasonable satisfaction of the engineer of the company, or in case of difference of an engineer to be selected by the Board of Trade; and (c) every such work shall be so executed as to cause as little inconvenience as circumstances will admit to the company; and

6. Nothing in this Act shall affect any rights or jurisdiction of Saying f the London County Council in relation to any sewers, drains, or Jaunty

watercourses.

58

Ch. 19, 20.

Land Registry (New Buildings) Act, 1900.

63 & 64 Vict.

(d) the Commissioners shall make compensation to the company for all loss or damage, if any, which may be occasioned by the execution of any of the works authorised by this Act.

(2.) For the purposes of this section the expression "gas, water, or electricity company " includes any person or body of person* supplying gas, water, or electricity.

Ai

15

lioation of 16 Vict.

c. 28.

10. The provisions of the Commissioners of Works Act, 1852, and any Act amending that Act, shall apply in the case of the acquisition of land by the Commissioners under this Act in like manner as in the case of a purchase under that Act, and any notice, summons, writ, or other document required to be given, issued, or signed, by or on behalf of the Commissioners, may be given, issued, or signed by the secretary or assistant secretary of the Commissioners and need not he under their common seal.

Penalty for obstructing Commissioners.

[Short title.]

11. If any person wilfully obstructs any person acting under the authority of the Commissioners in the lawful exercise of the powers vested in them under this Act, he shall for each offence be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

12. This Act may be cited as the Land Registry (New Buildings) Act, 1900.

CHAPTER 20.

An Act to amend the Law regarding Ecclesiastical Assessments in Scotland.

[30th July 1900.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

When assess- 1. Where in any parish it shall be necessary to impose an Tataed°rent°n eccles^as^ca^ assessment which, according to previous use and wont ue ren. parish, would fall to be imposed according to the valued

rent, but which it would be competent to impose according to the real rent, it shall be lawful for any valued rent heritor to request the clerk to the heritors to summon a meeting of valued rent heritors in the manner prescribed by section twenty-two of the si & 32 Vict Ecclesiastical Buildings and Glebes (Scotland) Act; and if at such °*96* meeting it is resolved by a majority of not less than two-thirds in

value of valued rent heritors, voting personally or by proxy, that the amount shall be imposed according to the valued rent, then such assessment shall be imposed according to the valued rent, any law to the contrary notwithstanding.

inspection, 2. When it has been resolved to levy an assessment in any oiTaMesMirtnt Par^ according to the real rent, intimation of such resolution on real rent, shall be made to the presbytery of the bounds and to the

1900. Ecclesiastical Assessments (Scotland) Act, 1900. Ch. 20. 59

kirk-session of such parish, and thereafter a scheme showing the heritors proposed to be assessed and the amount of their respective assessments shall be made up, and shall be open, free of charge, to inspection by any heritor or other party interested for a period of at least thirty days at some convenient place in the parish, and intimation of the place where, and the period for which, the scheme is to be open to inspection, and the amount proposed to be levied on the heritor to whom it is sent shall be made by circular-letter sent by their clerk to all the heritors prior to the commencement of such period.

3. From and after the commencement of this Act, whenever Exemption* any ecclesiastical assessment is imposed upon lands and heritages

in any parish in Scotland according to the real rent thereof — on re#J

(1) no part of such assessment shall be imposed or levied upon lands and heritages occupied solely as the church and accessory buildings or burying-ground attached of any religious body in Scotland, or as the dwelling-house with offices, or garden or glebe land attached, of the minister of such church; and

(2) the rental on which each heritor shall be attested shall be his total rental within such parish as appearing in the valuation roll (whether such rental consists of one or more subjects), but subject to deduction of the sum of fifty pounds when the amount of the deficiency which would be created in the total amount of the assessment by allowing such deduction to every heritor has been paid to the collector of the assessment by the kirk-session:

Provided always that no heritor, who by reason of any exemption or deduction allowed by this section is relieved altogether from assessment in respect of the execution of any work, shall be entitled at any meeting of heritors to take part in the discussion of, or to vote upon, any question concerning any plans for or the execution of the said work, or the defraying of the expenses of the same.

4. In this Act, except where inconsistent with the context, Definitions, expressions have the meaning attached to them in the Ecclesiastical 31 & 32 Vict. Buildings and Glebes (Scotland) Act. The expression "ecclesiastical c*96, assessment" means an assessment for any of the purposes mentioned

in section twenty-three of the said Act. The expression "valued rent heritor" means a heritor liable to contribute to ecclesiastical assessments where the same are imposed according to the valued rent. The expression "real rent heritor" means a heritor liable to contribute to ecclesiastical assessments where the same are imposed according to the real rent.

5. This Act may be cited as the Ecclesiastical Assessments Short tide (Scotland) Act, 1900, and shall commence to have effect from «*com-and after the first day of January one thousand nine hundred "*1^"* and one.

60

Ch. 21, 22.

Prohibition of employment o boys under thirteen below ground.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 58.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 77.

[Short title.]

Application of 60 & 61 Vict. c. 37. to agricultural work.

Mines (Prohibition of Child

Labour Underground) Act, 1900.

63 & 64 Vict.

CHAPTER 21.

An Act to prohibit Child Labour Underground in Mines.

[30th July 1900.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) A boy under the age of thirteen years shall not be employed in or allowed to be for the purpose of employment in any mine below ground, and accordingly sections four and five of the Coal Mines .Regulation Act, 1887, and section four of the Metalliferous Mines Regulation Act, 1872, shall be read and have effect as if for the word "twelve" the word "thirteen" were substituted therein.

(2.) Nothing in this section shall apply to any boy who has been lawfully employed in any mine below ground before the passing of this Act.

2. This Act may be cited as the Mines (Prohibition of Child Labour Underground) Act, 1900.

CHAPTER 22.

An Act to extend the benefits of the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1897, to Workmen in Agriculture.

[30th July 1900.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) From and after the commencement of this Act, the Workmen's Compensation Act, 1897, shall apply to the employment of workmen in agriculture by any employer who habitually employs one or more workmen in such employment.

(2.) Where any such employer agrees with a contractor for tt e execution by or under that contractor of any work in agriculture, section four of the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1897, shall apply in respect of any workman employed in such work as if that employer were an undertaker within the meaning of that Act.

Provided that, where the contractor provides and uses machinery driven by mechanical power for the purpose of threshing, ploughing* or other agricultural work, he, and he alone, shall be liable under this Act to pay compensation to any workman employed by him on such work.

1900.

Workmen’s Compensation, 1900. Ch. 22, 23, 24.

C1

(3.) Where any workman is employed by the same employer mainly in agricultural but partly or occasionally in other work, this Act shall apply also to the employment of the workman in such other work.

The expression "agriculture " includes horticulture, forestry, and the use of land for any purpose of husbandry, inclusive of the keeping or breeding of live stock, poultry, or bees, and the growth of fruit and vegetables.

2. This Act may be cited as the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 3900, and shall be read as one with the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1897, and that Act and this Act may be cited together as the Workmen’s Compensation Acts, 1897 and 1900.

3. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of July one thousand nine hundred and one.

CHAPTER 23.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Removal of Paupers from England to Ireland.

[30th July 1900.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L — (1.) A person who has resided continuously for five years in England shall not thereafter be removable to Ireland under the Acte relating to the relief of the poor.

(2.) In cases where under the Acts relating to the relief of the poor a pauper is removable from England to Ireland, boards of guardians may make and give effect to agreements that the pauper, instead of being removed, shall be maintained by the board of guardians of the poor law union from which he is removable at the expense of the board of guardians of the union to which, if removed, he would be chargeable; and such agreements may be entered into whether application for a warrant of removal has been made or not.

2. This Act may be cited as the Poor Removal Act, 1900.

CHAPTER 24.

An Act to further amend the Law relating to Veterinary Surgeons.

[30th July 1900.]

' \\J WHEREAS persons who are the holders of the veterinary certificate of the Highland and Agricultural Society of Scotland, granted prior to the passing of the Veterinary Surgeons Act, 1881, are permitted to practise the art and science of

[Short title.]

[Commencement of Act.]

Restriction on removal of paupers from England to Ireland.

[Short title.]

62

Construction and short title.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 62.

Extension or disciplinary

Surgeons.

Penalties.

Cases in which charitable loans are not to be inralid

Ch. 24, 25. Veterinary Surgeons Amendment 63 & 64 Vict.

Act, 1900.

veterinary surgery and medicine, but are not amenable to the disciplinary powers conferred on the Royal College of Veterinary Surgeons over persons on the Register of Veterinary Surgeons:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act shall be supplemental to, and shall be read with, the Veterinary Surgeons Act, 1881 (herein-after called the principal Act), and may be cited as the Veterinary Surgeons Amendment Act, 1900.

2. From and after the first day of January one thousand nine hundred and one, all persons now holding the veterinary certificate of the Highland and Agricultural Society of Scotland granted prior to the passing of the principal Act shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the Royal College of Veterinary Surgeons in like manner as members of the Royal College of Veterinary Surgeons, and shall be liable to be deprived by the Council of the said College of the rights of styling themselves members of the veterinary profession, or recovering fees in respect of the practice of the veterinary art, subject to and under the conditions and with the restrictions specified in section six of the principal Act.

3. Any person who may be deprived of such rights under the provisions of section two of this Act shall be subject to the penalties mentioned in section seventeen of the principal Act if he takes or uses the title of veterinary surgeon or veterinary practitioner, or any name, title, addition, or description, stating that he is a veterinary surgeon, or a practitioner of veterinary surgery or of any branch thereof, or is specially qualified to practise the same, and he shall not be entitled to recover in any court any fee or charge for performing any veterinary operation, or for giving any veterinary attendance or advice, or for acting in any manner as a veterinary surgeon or veterinary practitioner, or for practising in any case veterinary surgery or any branch thereof, anything in such section to the contrary notwithstanding.

CHAPTER 25.

An Act to amend the Charitable Loan Societies (Ireland) Act, 1843.

[30th July 1900.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Any promissory note current or unpaid on the first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, and purporting to have been made, in pursuance of the provisions of the Charitable

1900

Charitable Loan Societies (Ireland) Act, 1900. Ch. 25.

63

Loan Societies (Ireland) Act, 1843 (in this Act referred to as the or liable to Act), to the treasurer or secretary of any loan society, 8tamP dVt7-be invalid or incapable of being enforced in any court, Vict* or liable to stamp duty, by reason of any of the matters following: —

(a.) The non-residence of the borrower, at the time of the making of the note, in the district within which the operations of such society ought to have been conducted:

(b.) The said note having been given as a renewal, in whole or in part, of, or in substitution for, any promissory note theretofore made by the borrower, or any person on his behalf, to the treasurer or secretary of such society:

(c.) A previous loan made by the said society to the borrower, or any person on his behalf or for his use, being unpaid in whole or in part at the time of the making of the loan in respect of which the said note was made:

(d.) The borrower having been at the time of the making of the loan surety for the repayment of any other loan made by the said society:

(e.) The acceptance by the said society, as surety for the repayment of any loan, of any person who was at the time of the making of the said loan a borrower from the said society;

(/.) The loan having been in the first instance for a sum exceeding ten pounds in contravention of section twenty-four of the principal Act; or (g.) Interest or fines in excess of the amount authorised by the principal Act having been charged against, or paid by, the borrower on account of the indebtedness in respect of which the said note was made.

Provided that every such note shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, only stand as a security for, and there shall only be recoverable thereon, such sum as would have been due thereon had such excess not been charged, and had due credit been given as against such sum for all moneys paid by, or on behalf of, the persons liable thereon, in discharge in whole or in part of such excess.

2. — (1.) The treasurer of a loan society shall prepare and Provisions with provide an account setting forth the particulars of the amount w«pect to sought to be recovered in respect of any note under the principal *"* *ccount. Act, and that account shall be issued together with the summons for such recovery.

(2.) In ascertaining the amount due in respect of any such note an account shall not be carried back for a period exceeding six years from the date of the note, and where the account is so carried back, the loan secured by the note current at the commencement of such period, or if no note was then current, by the note which last before that date became due shall be deemed and taken to be the first loan made by the said society to the borrower.

principal shall not

64

Ch. 25.

Charitable Loan Societies (Ireland) A, 1900.

63 & 61 Vict.

As to formr and costs.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 93.

Power for loan societies to compromise debts.

Part of 6 & 7 Vict o. 91. s. 58, not to apply to proceedings under this Act.

Definition.

Short title and mode of citation.

(3.) The court may, if it thinks fit, order that the amount found due on such account shall be paid by such instalments extending over such period (not exceeding three years) as the court may think fit.

(4.) In taking such account there shall be no periodical rests and no sums shall be allowed in respect of compound interest

(5.) If, on taking such account, any balance is found due by the loan society, judgment for the amount of such balance shall be given in favour of the defendant.

3. — (1.) In any proceedings under the principal Act the forms in the schedules to the Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, shall, wherever applicable, be used instead of the forms in the schedules to the principal Act, and costs, which shall be in the discretion of the court, may be awarded to the amount mentioned in section twenty-two of the said Act of 1851.

(2.) Out of any sum awarded in respect of costs under the foregoing enactment, the court may award such sum as it thinks fit, as remuneration for taking any account under the principal Act as amended by this Act, to be paid to such person as the court may appoint to take the account.

4. A loan society acting under the principal Act may, if they think fit, accept any composition on any security, real or personal, for any debt, and may allow any time for payment for any debt, and may compromise, compound, abandon, submit to arbitration, or otherwise settle, any debt, account, claim, or thing whatever, arising under the principal Act or this Act, and for any of those purposes may enter into, give, execute, and do such agreements, instruments of composition or arrangement, releases, and other things, as to them seem expedient without being responsible for any loss occasioned by any act or thing so done by them in good faith.

5. So much of section fifty-eight of the principal Act as enables a Justice of the Peace who may be a trustee or other unpaid officer or member of a loan society to adjudicate in the matters therein mentioned shall not apply to any proceedings instituted under or by virtue of this Act.

6. The expression "fines " in this Act shall include any sums charged for stamps, fees, or costs in respect of summonses under the principal Act which were not in fact issued, or documents purporting to be such summonses.

7. This Act may be cited as the Charitable Loan Societies (Ireland) Act, 1900, and may be cited with the principal Act.

1900.

Land Charges, 1900. Ch. 26.

65

CHAPTER 26.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Charges on Land and to matters connected therewith.

[30th July 1900.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) The business of the registrar of judgments hitherto Transfer to conducted in the central office of the Supreme Court shall be crfbua? conducted in the Office of Land Registry, and the Lord Chancellor ness relating may by order provide for transferring to the Office of Land to the registry Registry such officers as may be required for conducting that of jadgmeata. business, and such books and papers as may be needed in connexion therewith, and for carrying out any arrangements incidental to or consequential on the transfer, and for abolishing the office of registrar of judgments.

(2.) Provided that nothing in this section shall apply to the registry of Scotch and Irish judgments established under the 31 & 32 vict Judgments Extension Act, 1868, and the Inferior Courts Judgments c*si, 4a — Extension Act, 1882, or any Act amending the same. 81# lcL

(3.) This section shall come into operation on such day as the Lord Chancellor at any time after the passing of this Act may by order direct.

2. — (1.) A judgment or recognizance, whether obtained or 3lo«ngof entered into on behalf of the Crown or otherwise, and whether obtained or entered into before or after the commencement of this 3 Act, shall not operate as a charge on land, or on any interest in land, or on the unpaid purchase money for any land, unless or until a writ or order for the purpose of enforcing it is registered under section five of the Land Charges Registration and Searches 51 & 52 Vict Act, 1888. c* 51

(2.) This section shall apply to any inquisition finding a debt due to the Crown, and any obligation or specialty made to the Crown, and any acceptance of office from or under the Crown, whatever may have been its date, in like manner as it applies to a judgment.

(8.) Except under an older of the High Court, no entry shall be made in any register kept under sections nineteen and twenty- i|| Vict. c.iw. one of the Judgments Act, 1838, section eight of the Judgments Is* 24 vict c!sk Act, 1839, the Law of Property Amendment Act, 1860, the S&l V, ot* Judgments Act, 1864, or the Crown Suits, &c. Act, 1865. Vict *

3. Section six of the Land Charges Registration and Searches Amendment* Act, 1888, shall apply to every writ and order affecting land issued of 51 & 52 Vict or made by any court for the purpose of enforcing a judgment, whether obtained on behalf of the Crown or otherwise, and whether obtained before or after the commencement of this Act, and to every delivery in execution or other proceeding taken in pursuance of any such writ or order, or in obedience thereto.

Ch. 26.

Land Charges 1900.

63 & 64 Tier

7 Ajme c. 50 not to apply to certain charges.

Repeal.

Extent, commencement, short title, and construction.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 51.

Section 5.

4. From and after the passing of this Act the Middlesex Registry Act, 1708, shall not apply to any instrument made after the passing of this Act and capable of registration under this Act or the Land Charges Registration and Searches Act, 1888.

5. As from the commencement of this A«t the enactments specified in the schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of that schedule.

6. — (1.) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland.

(2.) This Act shall, except as otherwise expressly provided, come into operation on the first day of July one thousand nine hundred and one.

(3.) This Act may be cited as the Land Charges Act, 1900, and shall be construed as one with the Land Charges Registration and Searches Act, 1888.

SCHEDULE. Enactments Repealed.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title or 1 Extent of Repeal.

i 1 ft 2 Vict. c. 110. The Judgments Act, 1838. Section nineteen, and section twenty-one, from the words "Provided always " to " one shilling."

2 ft 3 Vict. c. 11. - The Judgments Act, 1839. Sections two, three, fire, six, eight, and nine, and section four, except so far as it applies to lis pendens.

3 ft Vict. c. 82. - The Judgments Act, 1810. Section two.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 15., The Judgments Act, 1855. 1 Section two, from "But no judgment " to the end of the section; section three, except so far as it relates to lis pendens; and sections four to eight.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 38. I The Law of Property Amendment Act, 1860. Sections one to five.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 112. 1 The Judgments Act, | 1864. Sections one, two, and three, and, in section fonr, the words "and whose writ or other process of execution shall be duly registered.’ *

£8 ft 29 Vict. c. 104. The Crown Suits, &c. | Act, 1865. Sections forty-eight and forty-nine.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 51. | The Land Charges 1 Registration and Searches Act, 188S. Proviso (a) of section six.

1900.

Cff. 27.

67

Railway Employment (Prevention < of Accidents) , 1900.

CHAPTER 27.

An Act for the better Prevention of Accidents on Railways.

[30th July 1900.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L — (1.) The Board of Trade may, subject to the provisions of this Act, make such rules as they think fit with respect to any of the subjects mentioned in the schedule to this Act, with the object of reducing or removing the dangers and risks incidental to railway service.

(2.) Where the Board of Trade consider that avoidable danger to persons employed on any railway arises from any operation of railway service (not being a matter in respect to which rules may be made under the foregoing provisions of the section), whether that danger arises from anything done or omitted to be done by the railway company or any of its officers or servants, or from any want of proper appliances or plant, they may, subject to the provisions of this Act, after communicating with the railway company, and giving them a reasonable opportunity of reducing or removing the danger or risk, make rules for that purpose.

(3.) The Board of Trade may, by any rules made under this section, require amongst other matters the use of any plant or appliance which has been shown to the satisfaction of the Board of Trade to be calculated to reduce danger to persons employed on a railway, or the disuse of any plant or appliance which has been similarly shown to involve such danger.

(4.) The Board of Trade shall, by any rule made by them under this section, give a reasonable time for carrying out the requirements of the rule.

2. — (1.) When the Board of Trade propose to make any rules under this Act, the Board shall publish in the London Gazette, notice of the proposal to make the rules, and of the place where copies of the draft rules may be obtained, and of the time, not being less than one month, within which any objection or suggestion made with respect to the draft rules by or on behalf of persons affected must be lodged with the Board, and shall take such other steps as they think best adapted for giving information with respect to those matters to persons affected.

(2.) The Board of Trade shall consider any objection or suggestion made by or on behalf of persons appearing to them to be affected which is lodged within the required time, and give to any person lodging any such objection or suggestion an opportunity of communicating with the Board on the matter.

(3.) The Board of Trade may modify the draft rules in such manner as may seem expedient on consideration of the objections or suggestions, and may, if they think fit, withdraw any draft rule

Power to make rules as to

dangerous

railway

operations.

Publication and consideration ot draft rules.

68

Reference of objections to Railway Commissioners.

' Questions to be kept in ▼iew in considering objections.

Making of rules.

Power to refer

objections to referee.

Application of rales.

Power to make an order or give a direction in place of a role.

Ch. 27. Railway Employment (. 63 & 64 Vict.

of Accidents) Act, 1900.

without prejudice to the power of making a new rule with respect to the same matter.

3. — (1.) If, after the consideration of any such objection (including an objection relating to any matter within the discretion of the Board of Trade) the person who has made it is not satisfied with the mode in which the objection is dealt with, he may, by notice in writing to the Board of Trade given within the time limited in that behalf by the Board, require the Board to refer the objection to the Railway and Canal Commissioners, and the Board shall so refer the objection accordingly.

(2.) The Commissioners shall consider whether any objection so referred to them is reasonable or not, and if they determine that the objection is reasonable the rule to which the objection relates shall not be made.

4. The Board of Trade, in considering any objection to a draft rule, and the Commissioners, in considering any objection referred to them, shall, amongst other matters, have regard to the question whether the requirements of the rule would materially interfere with the trade of the country, or with the necessary operations of any railway company.

5. — (1.) The Board of Trade, after the consideration of objections and suggestions, shall (except when they withdraw the rules) send a copy of the rules as proposed to be made to each objector, and shall fix a limit of time, not being less than one month, within which any notice requiring an objection to be referred to the Commissioners is to be given to the Board.

(2.) If no such notice is given to the Board of Trade within the time so limited, the Board may make the rules as proposed to be made; but if any such notice is given within that time the Board shall not make the rules until the Commissioners have given their decision on the objection, and have decided against it.

0. The Board of Trade shall, on being satisfied that it is the general desire of the objectors, refer to a referee appointed by the Board of Trade any objections which the Board are required to refer to the Railway and Canal Commissioners, and thereupon the referee shall take the same proceedings, and have regard to the same matters, and his decision shall have the same effect, as if the objections had been referred to the Commissioners.

7. Rules made under this Act may apply either generally, or to any particular railways or class of railways, and may provide for the exemption from their operation of any specified railways or class of railways.

8. Where, in the opinion of the Board of Trade, the requirements of the case would be better met by a specific order or direction than by a general rule, the Board of Trade may make such an order or direction in the ^ame manner as they may make a rule under this Act, and subject to the same provisions, and the

1900. Railway Employment (Prevention

of Accidents) Act, 1900. Ch. 27. 69

provisions of this and any other Act shall apply as if the order or direction were a rule under this Act.

9. The Board of Trade may extend the time fixed by them Power to under this Act for the making of objections or suggestions with exte>d time respect to draft rules, or the giving of a notice requiring an objection to be referred to the Commissioners, in the case of any objection, suggestion, or notice, if it is shown to their satisfaction

that the extension of time is justified by the special circumstances of the case.

10. — (1.) Any person affected by any rule made under this Application Act, which has been in operation for a period exceeding three months, may apply to the Board of Trade to make a rule rescinding y

or varying the same. Such application shall be made in writing and shall be accompanied by a statement of the grounds upon which it is made.

(2.) If any such application is made within eighteen months after the date on which the rule in respect of which the application is made has come into operation, and the Board of Trade decline to entertain the application, the Board of Trade shall, if requested by the person making the application, refer it to the Railway and Canal Commissioners, and the Commissioners shall consider and decide whether the application is reasonable or not. as if it were an objection to a rule under this Act, and if they decide that the application is reasonable, the Board of Trade shall propose a rule to meet it.

11. — (1.) If any railway company or other company or person Penalties, acts in contravention of, or fails to comply with, any rule under

this Act, then —

(a) the company or person shall be liable for each offence on conviction under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, or in the ca9e of a continuing offence to a fine not exceeding ten pounds for every day during which the offence continues after conviction; or

(b) on the application of the Board of Trade, compliance with the rule may be enforced by the Railway and Canal Commissioners as if the rule were an order made by those Commissioners-in the exercise of their statutory jurisdiction.

(2.) A summary conviction for an offence under this section shall be subject to an appeal to a court of quarter sessions in manner provided by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts.

12. The proceedings on and incidental to the consideration of Procedure an objection by the Railway and Canal Commissioners under this

Act shall be conducted in accordance with rules made by the Commissioners, and provision may be made by those rules for the consideration of any matter either by a single Commissioner, or by a Commissioner or Commissioners, with one or more assessors, for . the award of costs where in the opinion of the Commissioners a requirement to refer an objection to the Commissioners is frivolous

70

Inspection and notices of accidents.

Issuing debenture stock to meet expenses incurred under this Act.

Staff, inquiries, and expert ments.

Ch. 27 Railway Employment (Prevention 63 &.64 Vict.

of Accidents) Act, 1900.

and vexatious, and for hearing any persons the Commissioner* tli ink fit to*hear either in support of or in opposition to an objection.

13. — (1.) The powers of the Board of Trade for the inspection of railways shall include power to inspect any railway for the purpose of ascertaining whether there is any ground for proceeding Under this Act, or whether there has been any contravention of or default in compliance with any rule made under this Act.

(2.) The duty of a railway company to give notice of accidents shall apply to accidents attended with loss of life or personal injury to any person in the employment of the company on any line, or siding having a junction with the railway of the railway company, but not belonging to or in the occupation of any railway company, in like manner as it applies to such accidents when occurring on the railway of the company, and the provisions relating to the notice of such accidents shall have effect accordingly.

(3.) Where any line or siding is used in connection with a factory, workshop, or mine, and is neither part of the factory, workshop, or mine, nor a railway within the meaning of this Act, the occupier of the factory or workshop, or the agent, occupier, or manager of the mine, shall be under the same obligation to give notice of accidents occurring on the line or siding to persons employed in the factory, workshop, or mine, as a railway company in the case of accidents occurring on a railway; but the notice shall be given to the Secretary of State, and the Secretary of State shall have the same powers and duties with respect to inquiries and investigations and the appointment of an assessor to the coroner as the Board of Trade has in similar cases.

14. Where the requirements of any rules under this Act involve any expenditure by a railway company which would properly be chargeable to capital account, the company may furnish to the Board of Trade an estimate of the expenditure, and thereupon the Board of Trade shall, on the application of the company, fix and determine the sum which is properly chargeable to capital account, and the company may issue debentures or debenture stock ranking pari passu with any existing debentures or debenture stock of the company, bearing interest at a rate net exceeding five per cent, per annum, to an amount not exceeding the sum so fixed and determined, and any money raised under the provisions of this section shall be applied in carrying out the requirements of the rules, and to no other purpose whatsoever, and no other authority, save the certificate of the Board of Trade, shall be requisite to authorise and validate the issue of the debentures or debenture stock.

15. — (1.) The Board of Trade may (with the concurrence of the Treasury as to number and salary) appoint or employ such persons as appear to them to be required for carrying this Act into effect, and may hold such inquiries, and make such experiments as they think expedient for that purpose.

1960.

Railway Employment (Prevention of Accidents) 1900. Ch. 27.

71

(2.) Subject to the provisions of this Act the remuneration of any such persons, and the expenses incurred by the Board in relation to any inspection, inquiry, or experiment under this Act shall (to an amount approved by the Treasury) be defrayed cut of moneys provided by Parliament.

(3.) It shall be the duty of every railway company to give all reasonable facilities (subject to the due working of their traffic) for conducting any experiments made by the Board of Trade for the purpose of this Act, but such experiments shall be made without risk or expense to the railway company except as may be otherwise agreed, and except in case of default on the part of the railway company in conducting the experiments.

(4.) Where under this Act any objections are referred to a referee instead of to the Railway and Canal Commissioners, section three of the Board of Trade (Arbitrations, &c.) Act, 1374, shall 37 & 38 Vict, apply as if the referee were appointed on an application made in 40-pursuance of a special Act, and the objectors were parties to the application within the meaning of that section.

(5.) Where the Board of Trade hold a special inquiry with reference to an objection to a proposed rule on the application of the objector, the person appointed to hold the inquiry may, if on the inquiry it appears to him that the circumstances were not such as to render a special inquiry necessary, order the objector to pay the whole or any part of the costs certified by the Board to have been incurred by them in holding the special inquiry, and any amount so ordered to be paid may be recovered as a debt due to the Crown.

10. In this Act —

The expression "railway" means any railway used for the peftoitiwMrt purposes of public traffic whether passenger, goods, or other and way traffic, and includes any works of the railway company «railway connected with the railway; and company."

The expression "railway company " includes a company or person working a railway under lease or otherwise.

17. If any rule made under this Act imposes an obligation on a Obligation railway company inconsistent with the terms of any lease or agreement under which the railway of that company is worked, under terms the railway company shall not be under any liability for any of lease or breach of or default in complying with the terms of any such ai?reement-lease or agreement, so far as that breach or default is a necessary consequence of compliance with the rule.

18. Nothing in this Act shall require notice of accidents to be Provision given in cases where such a notice is required to be given under JS any Act relating to factories or mines, or authorise any inspection, notices, inquiry, or investigation, to be made where an inspection, inquiry, double in-or investigation may be made with respect to the same matter for 8Pections> the same purpose under any other Act by, or by any officer of, a Government Department.

72

Application to Scotland and Ireland.

* 7 & 28 Vict, c. 53.

[Short title.]

Ch. 27, 28. Railway Employment (63 & 64 Vict.

of Accidents) Act, 1900.

19. — (1.) In the application of this Act to railways in Scotland and Ireland respectively, references to the Edinburgh or Dublin Gazette shall, as the case may require, be substituted for references to the London Gazette.

(2.) In the application of this Act to railways in Scotland, the following modifications shall be made:—

The expression "Summary Jurisdiction Acts" means the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Acts;

The summary jurisdiction conferred by this Act shall be exercised solely by the sheriff, and shall be held to be civil within the meaning of the twenty-eighth section of the Summary Procedure Act, 1864. The sheriff shall upon request of any party to the cause take notes of the evidence, and any party, if dis-satisfied with the sheriffs judgment as erroneous either in point of law or of fact, may appeal thereagainst to either division of the Court of Session, which appeal shall be heard summarily by the said division, whose judgment shall be final. The Court of Session may, if it thinks fit, by act of sederunt regulate the form and time of presentation of such appeals.

20. This Act may be cited as the Railway Employment (Prevention of Accidents) Act, 1900.

SCHEDULE.

1. Brake levers on both sides of waggons.

2. Labelling waggons.

3. Movement of waggons by propping and tow roping.

4. Steam or other power brakes on engines.

5. Lighting of stations or sidings where shunting operations are frequently carried on after dark.

6. Protection of point rods and signal wires, and position of ground levers working points.

7. Position of offices and cabins near working lines.

8. Marking of fouling points.

9. Construction and protection of gauge glasses.

10. Arrangement of tool boxes and water gauges on engines.

11. Working of trains without brake vans upon running lines beyond the limits of stations.

12. Protection to permanent way men when relaying or repairing permanent way.

CHAPTER 28,

An Act to amend the Inebriates Acts, 1879 to 1899, for Scotland.

[30th July 1900.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1900. Inebriates Amendment () Ch. 28, 29, 78

Act, 1900.

1. Subsection (e) of section twenty-five of the Inebriates Act, Power to

1898, is hereby repealed, and in lieu thereof the following provisions shall have effect: — Repeal of

For the purpose of defraying expenditure under the Inebriates 61 & 62 Vict* Act, 1898, county councils and town councils shall c- 60* 8‘25

(1) have power to impose and levy an assessment in the same manner and subject to the same conditions as the

public health general assessment authorised by the Public 61 Vict* Health (Scotland) Act, 1897; and

(2) have power to borrow money on the security of the said assessment for the capital purposes of the Inebriates Act, 1898, in the same manner and subject to the same conditions as for the purposes enumerated in section one hundred and forty-one of the Public Health (Scotland)

Act, 1897.

2. Every person who in any road, street, or public place, or in Certain any building to which the public have access, commits the offence jJ^StwISfaa of behaving while drunk in a riotous or disorderly manner, may be incheduled in* prosecuted summarily on a charge under this Act, and shall be the Inebriates liable on conviction to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings, and Act» 1898* failing payment to imprisonment for a period not exceeding seven

days, or in the discretion of the magistrate to imprisonment for a period not exceeding seven days.

An offence under this section shall be deemed to be an offence mentioned in the First Schedule to the Inebriates Act, 1898.

3. This Act shall apply to Scotland only, and may be cited as Short title and the Inebriates Amendment (Scotland) Act, 1900, and the Inebriates extent.

Acts, 1879 to 1899, and this Act may be cited together as the Inebriates Acts, 1879 to 1900.

CHAPTER 29.

An Act to assimilate the County Council and Borough Council Franchise in London.

[30th July 1900.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the London County Council Electors short title. Qualification Act, 1900.

2. A parochial elector shall be entitled to vote at the election Amendment of a county councillor for the administrative county of London in of low as to the same maimer as a county elector, and subject to the same i^oiTcouoty provisions. electors. 7

74 Ch. 20, 00. London County Council Electors 63 & 64 Vict.

Qualification Act, 1900.

Definitions, 8. Ia this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, the expression "county elector" means a person entitled to vote at the election of a county councillor, under the Local Government Act, 1888, and the expression "parochial elector" means a parochial elector within the meaning of the Local Government Act, 1894.

Discretion to

licensing justices to grant or refuse certificates.

Grant of certificate

Exemption from application of

40 & 41 Vict. c. 4. s. 2.

Short title, construction, and commencement.

CHAPTER 30.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to Beer Retailers* and Spirit Grocers’ Licences in Ireland.

[30th July 1900.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the law as to the granting of certificates for all licences for the sale of beer and spirits by retail for consumption off the premises:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Notwithstanding anything in any Act the licensing justices shall be at liberty, in their free and unqualified discretion, either to refuse a certificate for any new excise or other licence for sale of beer or spirits by retail, to be consumed off the premises, on any grounds appearing to them sufficient, or to grant the same to such persons as they, in the execution of their statutory powers, and in the exercise of their discretion deem fit and proper, and for the purposes aforesaid shall be at liberty to hear and receive and act upon any objection and any evidence either in support thereof or in aid of the application made or tendered by any resident or owner of property in the parish wherein are situate the house and premises in respect of which such certificate is applied for.

2. Certificates for any such licences as aforesaid shall, notwithstanding anything in any Act, be granted at annual licensing sessions, and not at any other time.

3. The provision requiring the production of a certificate as to the exclusive occupation of rated premises for a period of three months contained in section two of the Beer Licences Regulation (Ireland) Act, 1877, shall not apply to the case of a transfer of a licence being granted on the death or removal of the person in occupation of the rated premises immediately prior to the granting of such transfer.

4. — (1.) This Act may be cited as the Beer Retailers’ and Spirit Grocers’ Retail .Licences (Ireland) Act, 1900, and may be cited with the Licensing (Ireland) Acts, 1833 to 1886, and shall be construed as one with those Acts.

(2.) This Act shall come into operation on the first day of September one thousand nine hundred.

1900.

Ids of Man (Customs) , 1900. Ch. 31.

75

CHAPTER 31.

An Act to amend the Law with respect to the Customs Duties in the Isle of Man.

[6th August 1900.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as foil , ws:

1. In addition to the duties cl Customs now payable on tobacco, tea, and spirits, removed or imported into the Isle of Man, there shall be charged, levied, and paid, as from the sixth day of March nineteen hundred until the first day of August nineteen hundred and one, the duties following (that is t) say): —

Tobacco, manufactured, viz.: —

Cigars ---- the lb.

Cavendish or Negrohead - - the lb.

Cavendish or Negrohead, manufactured in bond - the lb.

Other manufactured tobacco - - the lb.

Snuff containing more than 13 lbs. of moisture in every 100 lbs. weight thereof - the lb.

Snuff not containing more than 13 lbs. of moisture in every 100 lbs. weight thereof - the lb.

Tobacco, unmanufactured, viz.: —

Containing 10 lbs. or more of moisture in every 100 lbs. weight thereof - - the lb.

Containing less than 10 lbs. of moisture in every 100 lbs. weight thereof - the lb.

Tea ---- the lb.

Spirits of any kind (except perfumed spirits) computed at hydrometer proof - the gallon Liqueurs, cordials, or mixed or sweetened spirits in bottle entered in such a manner as to indicate that the strength is not to be tested - the gallon Perfumed spirits - the gallon

2. In lieu of the duties of Customs now payable on ale or beer removed or imported into the Isle of Man there shall be charged, levied, and paid, as from the eighth day of March nineteen hundred, the duty following (that is to say): —

£ 8. d.

For every thirty-six gallons where the worts thereof were before fermentation of a specific gravity of 1055 degrees a duty of- -046

With a proportionate increase or decrease according to the specific gravity of the worts thereof before fermentation.

£ 8. d

0 0 6

0 0 6

0 0 5

0 0 5

0 0 5

0 0 6

0 0 4

0 0 4

0 0 2

0 0 6

0 0 8

0 0 10

Additional duties on tobacco, tea, and spirits.

Duty on ale and beer.

76

Ch. 31, 32. Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1900, 63 & 64 Vict.

Additional duty on ale and beer.

Repeals 37 & 38 Vict. c. 46.

58 & 59 Vict c. 38.

[Short title.]

Further limitation of liability of shipowner.

57 & 58 Vict. c. 60.

Limitation of liability of harbour conservancy authority.

And in addition to the said duty there shall be £ charged, levied, and paid, as from the said eighth day of March nineteen hundred until the first day of August nineteen hundred and one, for every thirty-six gallons where the worts thereof were before fermentation of a specific gravity of 1055 degrees, an additional duty of - - 0 1 0

With a proportionate increase or decrease according to the specific gravity of the worts thereof before fermentation.

3. In section three of the Customs (Isle of Man) Tariff Act, 1874, the words "according to the foregoing table " and the words " according to the scale in the said table, " and in section one of the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1895, the words "ale or beer according to the specific gravity of the worts thereof before fermentation as set forth in the following table, " and the table therein referred to, are hereby repealed.

4. This Act may be cited as the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1900.

CHAPTER 32,

An Act to amend the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, with respect to the Liability of Shipowners and others.

[6th August 1900.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The limitation of the liability of the owners of any ship set by section five hundred and three of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, in respect of loss of or damage to vessels, goods, merchandise, or other things, shall extend and apply to all cases where (without their actual fault or privity) any loss or damage is caused -to property or rights of any kind, whether on land or on water, or whether fixed or moveable, by reason of the improper navigation or management of the ship.

2* — (1.) The owners of any dock or canal, or a harbour authority or a conservancy authority, as defined by the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, shall not, where without their actual fault or privity any loss or damage is caused to any vessel or vessels, or to any goods, merchandise, or other things whatsoever on board any vessel or vessels, be liable to damages beyond an aggregate amount not exceeding eight pounds for each ton of the tonnage of the largest registered British ship which, at the time of such loss or damage occurring, is, or within the period of five years previous thereto has been, within the area over which such dock or canal

X

1900.

Merchant Shipping (Liability of Shipowners and others), 1900. Ch. 32.

77

owner, harbour authority, or conservancy authority, performs any duty or exercises any power. A ship shall not be deemed to have been within the area over which a harbour authority or a conservancy authority performs any duty, or exercises any powers, by reason only that it has been built or fitted out within such area, or that it has taken shelter within or passed through such area on a voyage between two places both situate outside that area, or that it has loaded or unloaded mails or passengers within that area.

(2.) For the purpose of this section the tonnage of ships shall be ascertained as provided by section five hundred and three, subsection two, of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, and the register of any ship shall be sufficient evidence that the gross tonnage and the deductions therefrom and the registered tonnage are as therein stated.

(3.) Section five hundred and four of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, shall apply to this section as if the words "owner of a British or foreign ship " included a harbour authority, and a conservancy authority, and the owner of a canal or of a dock.

(4.) For the purpose of this section the term "dock" shall include wet docks and basins, tidal docks and basins, locks, cuts, entrances, dry docks, graving docks, gridirons, slips, quays, wharves, piers, stages, landing-places, and jetties.

(5.) For the purposes of this section the term "owners of a dock or canal" shall include any person or authority having the control and management of any dock or canal, as the case may be.

(6.) Nothing in this section shall impose any liability in respect of any such loss or damage on any such owners or authority in any case where no such liability would have existed if this Act had not passed.

3. The limitation of liability under this Act shall relate to the Limitation whole of any losses and damages which may arise upon any one ofh^bjji^ral distinct occasion, although such losses and damages may be claims arise sustained by more than one person, and shall apply whether the on one liability arises at common law or under any general or private occa8, on-Act of Parliament, and notwithstanding anything contained in such Act.

[Short title.]

4. This Act may be cited as the Merchant Shipping (Liability of Shipowners and others) Act, 1900.

[Construction.]

5. This Act shall be construed as one with the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, and that Act and the Merchant Shipping Act, 57 & 53 Vict. c. 1897, the Merchant Shipping (Exemption from Pilotage) Act, vice!c! 1897, the Merchant Shipping (Liability of Shipowners) Act, 1898, JSvS'f the Merchant Shipping (Mercantile Marine Fund) Act, 1898, and lc c‘ this Act, may be cited together as the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1894 to 1900.

---

78 Ch. 33, 34. Wild Animals in Captivity Protection Act, 1900. 63 & 64 Vict.

CHAPTER 33.

An Act for the Prevention of Cruelty to Wild Animals in Captivity.

[6th August. 1900.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Definition of "animal." 12 & 13 Vict. c. 92. 17 & 18 Vict. c. 39.]

1. The word "animal" in this Act means any bird, beast, fish, or reptile which is not included in the Cruelty to Animals Acts, 1849 and 1854.

[Cruelty to captive animals.]

2. Any person shall be guilty of an offence who, whilst an animal is in captivity or close confinement, or is maimed, pinioned, or subjected to any appliance or contrivance for the purpose of hindering or preventing its escape from such captivity or confinement, shall, by wantonly or unreasonably doing or omitting any act, —

cause or permit to be caused any unnecessary suffering to such animal; or

cruelly abuse, infuriate, tease, or terrify it, or permit it to be so treated.

[Penalty.]

3. Any person committing an offence may be proceeded against under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts, and on conviction shall for every such offence be liable to imprisonment with or without hard labour for not exceeding three months, or a fine not exceeding five pounds, and, in default of payment, to imprisonment with or without hard labour.

[Limit of Act.]

4. This Act shall not apply to any act done or any omission in the course of destroying or preparing any animal for destruction as food for mankind

[39 & 40 Vict. c. 77.]

nor to any act permitted by the Cruelty to Animals Act, 1876, nor to the hunting or coursing of any animal which has not been liberated in a mutilated or injured state in order to facilitate its capture or destruction.

5. This Act shall not extend to Scotland.

[Short title.]

6. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Wild Animals in Captivity Protection Act, 1900.

CHAPTER 34.

An Act to amend the Ancient Monuments Protection Act, 1882.

[6th August 1900.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1900. Ancient Monuments Protection Act, 1900. Ch. 34. 79

[Power to Commissioners of Works to become guardians of monuments.]

1. Where the Commissioners of Works are of opinion that the preservation of any monument is a matter of public interest by reason of the historic, traditional, or artistic interest attaching thereto, they may, at the request of the owner, consent to become the guardians thereof;

[45 & 46 Vict. c. 73.]

and thereupon the Ancient Monuments Protection Act, 1882, shall apply to such monument as if the same were an ancient monument to which that Act applies as defined in that Act.

Provided that this Act shall not authorise the Commissioners of Works to consent to become the guardians of any structure which is occupied as a dwelling-place by any person other than a person employed as a caretaker thereof, and his family.

---

[Power to

2. — (1.) The council of any county, if they think fit, may purchase by agreement any monument situate in such county or county council in any adjacent county, and may, at the request of the owner, preserre consent to become the guardians of any such monument, and may monuments, undertake or contribute towards the cost of preserving, maintaining,

and managing any such monument, whether they have purchased the same or become the guardians thereof or not.

(2.) The powers conferred by the Ancient Monuments Protection Act, 1882, upon the owners of ancient monuments, and the incorporation by that Act of the Lands Clauses Acts for the purpose of a purchase by agreement, shall have effect in relation to a county council and to any monument as defined by this Act, and section six of the Ancient Monuments Protection Act, 1882 (which relates to penalties for injury to ancient monuments), shall apply to any monument (as so defined) of which a county council are owners or guardians.

3. The Commissioners of Works or any county council may Power to; receive voluntary contributions towards the cost of maintenance re«eive and preservation of any monument of which they may become contributions the guardians or purchasers under the provisions of the Ancient for main-Monuraents Act 1882, or this Act, and may enter into any agreement with the owner of such monument or with any other monamCn person as to such maintenance and preservation and the cost thereof.

4. The Commissioners of Works and the council of any county Transferor may, in respect of any monument in the county or in any adjacent monuments county of which they are the owners or guardians, but where county council they are guardians only then with the consent of the owners, and Commis-enter into and carry into effect any agreements for the transfer toners of from the Commissioners of Works to the council, or from the Work*' council to the Commissioners of Works, of such monument, or of

any estate or interest therein, or of the guardianship thereof.

5. The public shall the Commissioners of owners or guardians, but where they are guardians only with the

have access to any monument of Works or any county council

are

which Public to the have access

ta monuments.

Ch. 34, 35.

80

Ancient Monuments Protection 63 & 64 Vict. Act, 1900.

consent of the owner of the monument, at such times and under such regulations as the Commissioners or council shall prescribe.

Construction 0. — (1.) In this Act the expression "monument," means any

and definition, structure, erection, or monument of historic or architectural interest, or any remains thereof.

(2.) This Act shall be construed as one with the Ancient Monuments Protection Act, 1882.

(3.) In the application of this Act to Scotland a reference to the council of any county shall be construed as a reference to any 52 & 53 Vict. county council within the meaning of the Local Government c. 50. (Scotland) Act, 1889.

[Extent of ACt.]

7. This Act shall not apply to Ireland.

[Short title.]

8. This Act may be cited as the Ancient Monuments Protection Act, 1900, and may be cited with the Ancient Monuments Protection Acts, 1882 and 1892.

---

CHAPTER 35.

An Act to restrict the amount of Oil in manufactured Tobacco.

[6th August 1900.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Limitation of quantity of oil in tobacco.]

1. — (1.) If any manufacturer of tobacco has in his custody or possession fit for sale or tenders for drawback, or if any dealer in or retailer of tobacco has in his custody or possession, any tobacco containing a greater proportion of oil than four per cent, he shall incur an excise penalty of fifty pounds and the tobacco shall be forfeited.

(2.) In calculating the proportion of oil for the purpose of this section any fatty or oily substance which is naturally present in the tobacco shall be included as oil.

[50 & 51 Vict. c. 15.]

(3.) In this section the expression "fit for sale" has the meaning assigned to it by section four of the Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1887.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Oil in Tobacco Act, 1900.

1900. Public Works Loans Act, 1900. Ch. 36. 81

CHAPTER 36.

An Act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans out of the Local Loans Fund, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans.

[6th August 1900.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

---

1. Whereas the term of office of the persons who are, at the passing of this Act, Public Works Loans Commissioners under the Public Works Loans Act, 1875, will expire at the end of a period of five years from the first day of April one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six, and it is expedient to appoint Commissioners for a further period of five years; therefore the following persons, that is to say: —

Sir Herbert Barnard;

Sir Thomas Salt, Baronet;

Samuel Steuart Gladstone, Esquire;

The Honourable Herbert Cokayne Gibbs;

Sir Edward Birkbeck, Baronet;

Edward Norman, Esquire;

Arthur O’Connor, Esquire, Q.C., M.P.;

The Honourable Sir Charles William Fremantle, K.C.B.;

The Honourable Evelyn Hubbard;

Basil Guy Oswald Smith, Esquire;

Francis William Buxton, Esquire;

Edward Henry Loyd, Esquire;

Frederick Greene, Esquire;

Horace Alfred Darner Seymour, Esquire, C.B.;

Colonel Amelius Richard Mark Lockwood, M.P.;

The Right Honourable Lord Hillingdon;

The Honourable James Henry Cecil Hozier, M.P.;

David Lloyd George, Esquire, M.P.;

shall after the passing of this Act be the Public Works Loan Commissioners under the Public Works Loans Act, 1875, and shall hold office until the expiration of five years from the first day of April one thousand nine hundred and one.

2. — (1.) For the purpose of local loans there may be issued by the National Debt Commissioners the following sums, namely: — (a.) For the purpose of loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of seven million pounds;

(b.) For the purpose of loans by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of eight hundred thousand pounds.

(2.) The sums so issued shall be issued during a period ending on the day on which a further Act granting money for the purposes

F

Appointment of Public Works Loan Commissioners for five years.

38 & 39 Vict c. 89.

Grants for public works.

82

Ch. 36.

Public Works Loans Act, 1900. 63 & 64 Vict.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 16.

Certain debts not to be reckoned as assets of local loans fund.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 16.

Redemption by Treasury of their contribution to guarantee to Mitchels-town and Fermoy Railway.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 43.

38 & 59 Vict. c. 20.

[Short title.]

of tho36 loans comes into operation and in accordance with the provisions of the National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887.

3. Whereas it is expedient that the principal of the several local loans specified in the schedule to this Act should, to the extent specified in the last column of that schedule, not be reckoned as assets of the local loans fuud established under the National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887; therefore, the principal of the said loans shall to that extent be written off from the assets of the local loans fund, and the provisions of section fifteen of the said Act shall, so far as applicable, apply thereto.

4. If by any Act passed in the present session of Parliament provision is made for the redemption by the Treasury of their liability in respect of their contribution to a baronial guarantee given under the Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883, to the Mitchelstown and Fermoy Light Railway Company, by payment to any railway company purchasing the undertaking of the said Light Railway Company, any amount required for that purpose, not exceeding in the whole the sum of twenty-six thousand six hundred and sixty-six pounds, and bearing interest at the rate of four per centum per annum from the first day of November one thousand nine hundred until payment, may be paid to the purchasing company instead of to the council of the county of Cork, and the provisions of section two of the Tramways (Ireland) Act, 1895, shall apply accordingly with the necessary modifications.

5. This Act may be cited as the Public Works Loans Act, 1900.

SCHEDULE.

Part I.

Loans by the Commissionebs of Public Works, Ireland.

Name of Borrower. Act authorising Advance. Amount Advanced. Amount Repaid. Amount to be written off the Assets of the Local Loans Fund.

' Giies Eyre Lambert The Landed Property £ s. d. 500 0 0 £ s. d. 182 0 10 £ a. d. 317 19 S

Ditto Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1847 (10 Vict. c. 32). Do. 100 0 0 100 0 0

Core McCarthy Do. - 90 0 0 41 16 9 3 3 5

Frances H. Norcott Do. - ‘l 100 0 0 1 24 C 4 4 8 5

1900.

Public Works Loans Act, 1900. Ch. 36.

83

Name of Borrower. Act authorising Advance. Amount Advanced. Amount Repaid. Amount to be written off the Assets of the Local Loans Fund.

Cusack and Cormack (Rathangan River District). The Drainage and Improvement of Lands Act (Ireland), 1863 (26 & 27 Vict. c. 88). £ 75 s. 0 <2. 7 £ s. 11 12 2 £ s. d. 63 8 5

Patrick Flynn The Landlord and Tenant (Ireland) Act, 1870 (33 & 34 Vict. c. 46). 473 0 0 84 2 11 388 17 1

Johanna O’Brien - The Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881 (44 & 45 Vict. c. 49. s. 31). 125 0 0 5 1 10 119 18 2

Michael O’Brien - Do. - 60 0 0 30 17 8 29 2 4

James Collins Do. 17 0 0 6 18 1 10 1 11

P. J. Burke Do. - 200 0 0 76 6 8 123 13 4

Denis Hartnett Do. 100 0 0 16 17 11 83 2 I

John Stinson Do. 75 0 0 19 18 11 55 1 1

Michael Harley Do. 66 0 0 15 0 2 50 19 10

John Trent - Do. - 100 0 0 11 7 8 88 12 4

Henry Joynt Do. 90 0 0 15 9 9 74 10 8

2, 171 0 7 541 17 8 1, 512 17 10

Part II.

Loan by the Irish Land Commission.

Name of Borrower. Act authorising Advance. Amount Advanced. Amount Repaid. Amount to be written off the Assets of the Local IiOans Fund.

J. Fitzgerald The Purchase of £ s. d. 8,000 0 0 £ s. d. 200 9 10 £ s. d. 2, 799 10 2

Land (Ireland) Act, 1885 (48 & 49 Vict. c. 73).

84

Ch. 36, 37.

Public Works Loans Act, 1900. 63 & 64 Vict.

Continuance of Acts in Schedule.

Part III.

Loans by the Fishery Board for Scotland.

Loans to Fishermen under the Crofters Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1886 (49 & 50 Vict. c. 29).

District and Name of Borrower. 1 Amount Advanced. Amount Repaid and Realised by Sale of Boat. Amount to be written off the Assets of the Local Loans Fond.

1 1 Stornoway — Murdo Murray - O Donald Montgomery -Malcolm Montgomery - Donald Mnnay Donald Macdonald - J A «. d. 114 0 0 A 9. d. 90 7 6 A *. a S3 12 $

CHAPTER 37.

An Act to continue various Expiring Laws.

[6th August 1900.]

WHEREAS the Acts mentioned in Part I. of the Schedule to this Act are, in so far as they are in force and are temporary in their duration, limited to expire on the thirty-first day of December one thousand nine hundred:

And whereas the Act mentioned in Part II. of the Schedule to this Act is, to the extent aforesaid, limited to expire on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and one:

And whereas it is expedient to provide for the continuance as in this Act mentioned of those Acts, and of the enactments amending or affecting the same:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) The Acts mentioned in Part I. of the Schedule to this Act shall, to the extent specified in column three of that Schedule, be continued until the thirty-first day of December one thousand nine hundred and one, and shall then expire, unless further continued.

(2.) The Act mentioned in Part II. of the Schedule to this Act shall, to the extent specified in column three of that Schedule, be continued until the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and two, and shall then expire, unless further continued.

(3.) Any unrepealed enactments amending or affecting the enactments continued by this Act shall, in so far as they are temporary in their duration, be continued in like manner, whether they are mentioned in the Schedule to this Act or not.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1900.

1500,

Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1900. Ch. 37.

85

SCHEDULE.

Part L

[Short Title.]

1. 'Session and Chapter. 2. i a- j How far continued. 4. Amending Acts.

(1)

5 & 6 Will. 4. The Linen Manufactures The whole Act 3 & 4 Vict. c. 91.

c. 27. (Ireland) Act, 1835. 5 & 6 Vict c. 68. 7 & 8 Vict. c. 47. 30 & 31 Vict c. 60.

(2)

9 St 4 Vict. c. 89. (3.) The Poor Rate Exemption Act, 1840. The whole Act.

4 & 5 Vict. The Ordnance Survey The whole Act S3 Vict C. 13.

c. 30. Act, 1841. 47 & 48 Vict c. 43. 52 & 53 Vict. c. 30.

(4.)

«0 & 11 Vict. The Ecclesiastical Juris- As to the provisions.

c. 98. diction Act, 1847. continued by 21 & 22 Vict. c. 53.

(5.)

14 & 15 Vict. The Episcopal and Capi- The whole Act 17 & 18 Vict. c. 116.

c. 104. tular Estates Act, 1851. 21 & 22 Vict C. 94. 22 & 23 Vict c. 46. 23 & 24 Vict. c. 124. 31 & 82 Vict. c. 114. S. 10.

(6,)

17 & 18 Vict. The Corrupt Practices So much as is con- 26 & 27 Vict. C. 29.

c. 102. Prevention Act, 1854. tinued by the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. s. 6. 81 & 32 Vict. c. 125. 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

(7.)

88 & 24 Vict. c. 19. The Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1860. The whole Act.

(8.)

84 & 25 Vict. The Salmon Fishery Act, As to the appoint- 49 fit50 Vict. c. 39.

c. 109. 1861. ment of inspectors, s. 31. 8. 3. 55 & 56 Vict. c. 50.

(9)

86 & 27 Vict. The Promissory Notes The whole Act 45 & 46 Vict c. 61.

c. 105. Act, 1863.

(10.)

87 & 28 Vict, c. 20. The Promissory Notes (Ireland) Act, 1864. The whole Act. — 1

(11.)

88 & 29 Vict. c. 46. The Militia (Ballot Suspension) Act, 1865. The whole Act 45 & 46 Vict. c. 49.

(12.)

88 & 29 Vict. The Locomotives Act, The whole Act 41 & 42 Vict c. 58.

c. 83. 1865., 41 & 42 Vict. c. 77. (Part II.) 59 & 60 Vict. c. 36. 61 & 62 Vict. c. 29.;

86

Ch. 37. Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1900. 63 & 64 Vict 64 Vict.

[Short Title.]

1. Session and Chapter. 2. 8. How far continued. 1 1 4. Amending Acta.

(13.)

29 & 80 Vict c. 52. The Prosecutions Expenses Act, 1866. The whole Act.

(14.)

81 & 82 Vict The Parliamentary Elec- So much as is con- 42 & 43 Vict. C. Ik

c. 125. tions Act, 1868. tinued by the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

(15.)

82 & 83 Vict. The Corrupt Practices The whole Act 84 & 35 Vict. 0. 61.

c. 21. Commission Expenses Act, 1869.

(18.) 84 & 35 Vict. c. 100.

38 & 34 Vict The Glebe Loan (Ireland) The whole Act

c. 112. Act, 1870. 49 Vict. c. 6.

(17.)

84 & 35 Vict c. 87. The Sunday Observation Prosecution Act, 1871. The whole Act.

(18.) 45 & 46 Vict c. 50k (Municipal Elections).

35 & 86 Vict. c. 33. The Ballot Act, 1872 - The whole Act

(19.) 46 & 47 Vict C. 51.

88 & 89 Vict. The Parliamentary Elec- The whole Act

c. 84. tions (Returning Officers) Act, 1875. s. 32. 48 & 49 Vict C. 62. 49 & 50 Vict c. 57.

(20.) 57 & 58 Vict c. 49.

89 & 40 Vict. The Jurors Qualification The whole Act

0.21. (Ireland) Act, 1876. 61 & 62 Vict C. 87. 8. 69.

(21.) 48 & 49 Vict c. 62.

41 & 42 Vict The Parliamentary Elec- The whole Act

c. 41. tions, Returning Officers Expenses (Scotland) Act, 1878. 49 & 50 Vict c. 58. 54 & 55 Vict c. 49.

(22.)

41 & 42 Vict, c. 72. The Sale of Liquors on Sunday (Ireland) Act, 1878. The whole Act.

(28.) 46 & 47 Vict c. 5L

48 Vict c. 18. The Parliamentary Elections and Corrupt Practices Act, 1880. The whole Act

(24.)

43 & 44 Vict. C. 42. The Employers’ Liability Act, 1880. The whole Act.

(25.) 49 & 50 Vict c. 24.

44 & 45 Vict. The Peace Preservation The whole Act

c. 5. (Ireland) Act, 1881. 50 & 51 Vict c. 20.

(26.) 58 & 59 Vict c. 40.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 51. The Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883, The whole Act

1900.

Expiring Lam Continuance Act, 1900. Ch. 37, 38.

87

1. 2. 8. 4.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. How far continued. Amending Acts.

(27.) 47 & 48 Vict. c. 70. The Municipal Elections (Corrupt and Illegal Practices) Act, 1884. The whole Act 56 & 57 Vict. c. 73.

(28.) 49 & 50 Vict. c. 99. (29.) 51 & 52 Vict. c. 55. The Crofters Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1886. The Sand Grouse Protection Act, 1888. As to the powers of the Commissioners for the enlargement of holdings, s. 22. The whole Act. 50 & 51 Vict c. 24. 51 & 52 Vict c. 68. 54 & 55 Vict c. 41.

(SO.) 52 & 58 Vict. c. 40. The Welsh Intermediate Education Act, 1889. As to the powers of the joint education committee and the suspension of the powers of the Charity Commissioners. 53 & 54 Vict. c. 60.

(31.) 58 & 59 Vict. c. 21. The Seal Fisheries (North Pacific) Act, 1895. The whole Act. —

(82.) 59 Vict. c. 1. The Local Government (Elections) Act, 1896. The whole Act. —

Part II.

82 & 38 Vict c. 56. The Endowed Schools Act, 1869. As to the powers of making schemes and as to the payment of the salaries of additional Charity Commissioners. 36 & 87 Vict c. 87. 87 & 88 Vict. c. 87. 52 & 53 Vict. c. 40.

CHAPTER 38.

An Act to extend the Elementary School Teachers (Superannuation) Act, 1898, to Teachers serving in the Isle of Man, and to service as a Teacher in that Island.

[6th August_1900.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

j-

88

Ch. 38.

Elementary School Teachers 63 & 64 Vict. Superannuation (Isle of Man) Act, 1900.

Extension of 61 & 62 Vict c. 57. to service as a teacher in the Islp of Man.

Payment by Island of whole or part of allowances.

Option of existing teachers (o accept Act.

Supplemental

modifications.

1. Subject to the provisions of this Act, the Elementary School Teachers (Superannuation) Act, 1898 (in this Act referred to as the principal Act) shall apply to teachers serving in the Isle of Man and to service as a teacher in that Island, os it applies to teachers serving in England or Scotland and to service as a teacher in England or Scotland.

2. Recorded service in the Isle of Man shall not be reckoned as such service for the purpose of annual superannuation allowances or disablement allowances under the principal Act, unless provision is made and maintained to the satisfaction of the Treasury by the legislature of the Island —

(i) for the grant and payment of any such allowances in the case of a teacher the whole of whose recorded service has been service in the Island, by the Government of the Island out of Island Funds instead of by the Treasury; and

(ii) in the case of the giant of any such allowance to a teacher whose recorded service has been partly service in the Island and partly service elsewhere, for the repayment to the Treasury out of Island Funds of a part of that allowance proportionate or assignable to the period of the recorded service in the Island.

3. Section five of the principal Act (which relates to the application of the Act to existing teachers) shall as respects any such teacher who has been serving in the Isle of Man at any time after the commencement of the principal Act, and has not already accepted that Act, be read as if the period of twelve months after the' commencement of this Act were substituted for the period of one year after the commencement of the principal Act as the maximum time to be prescribed within which the option to accept the principal Act may be exercised.

4. — (1.) The power to grant an annual superannuation allowance or a disablement allowance under sections one and two of the principal Act, shall be exercised in the case of a teacher, the whole of whose recorded service has been service in the Isle of Man, by or on behalf of the Government of the Island instead of by the Treasury, and any allowance granted under the power so exercised shall not be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

Paragraph (d) of subsection (2) of section one of the principal Act, and sections two, seven, and eight of that Act shall accordingly be construed as if as respects the superannuation and disablement allowances of such teachers " the Government of the Isle of Man " were substituted for " the Treasury, " and " Island Funds " for " moneys provided by Parliament."

(2.) Section nine of the principal Act shall apply in the Isle of Man as if the words "or in the Isle of Man" were added at the end of the section.

(3.) Subsection three of section five of the principal Act shall be construed as if the words "or the legislature or Government of the Isle of Man " were added after the word "Parliament."

1900. Elementary School Teachers Ch. 38, 39. 89

Superannuation (Isle of Man) Act, 1900.

(4.) Section eleven of the principal Act shall be construed as if tho words " or as respects the Isle of Man the corresponding law in force in that Island " were added at the end of the definition of "Education Code."

(5.) Section ten of the principal Act shall apply in the Isle of Man as if the words "be guilty of a misdemeanour and " were inserted after the word "shall " in that section, and as if the expression "indictment " included information, and the expression "summary conviction " meant conviction by a high bailiff or two justices of the peace.

5. This Act may be cited as the Elementary School Teachers short title. Superannuation (Isle of Man) Act, 1900.

CHAPTER 39.

An Act to amend the Volunteer Act, 1863.

[6th August 1900.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Volunteer Act, 1863, shall have effect as if in section Amendment of

seventeen for the words "of actual or apprehended invasion of any ^lct *

part of the United Kingdom, " were substituted the words "of calling out

imminent national danger or of great emergency." volunteers for

actual service.

2. — (1.) It shall be lawful for Her Majesty to accept the offer Power of of any member of a volunteer corps to subject himself to the volunteer liability to be called out for actual military service at any time mto

for purposes of coast defence at such places in Great Britain as agreements «s may be specified in his agreement. to service.

(2.) The Secretary of State may make regulations as to the calling out of persons whose offers have been accepted under this section, and for adapting the provisions of sections seventeen to twenty of the Volunteer Act, 1863, to the case of persons called cut in pursuance of an agreement under this section.

3. Section two of the Volunteer Act, 1895, is hereby repealed. fs&^Vict.

c. 23. s. 2.

4. This Act may be cited as the Volunteer Act, 1900. short title.

90

Ch. 40.

Extension of 61 & 62 Vict. c. 57. to service as a teacher in the Island of Jersey.

Payment by Island of whole or part of superannuation or disablement allowances.

Option of existing teachers to accept Act.

Supplemental

modifications *

Elementary School Teachers 63 & 64 Vict. Superannuation (Jersey) Act, 1900.

CHAPTER 40 *

An Act to extend the Elementary School Teachers (Superannuation) Act, 1898, to Teachers serving in the Island of Jersey, and to service as a Teacher in that Island.

[6th August 1900.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Subject to the provisions of this Act, the Elementary School Teachers (Superannuation) Act, 1898 (in this Act referred to as the principal Act), shall apply to teachers serving in the Island of Jersey and to service as a teacher in that Island, as it applies to teachers serving in England or Scotland and to service as a teacher in England or Scotland.

2. Recorded service in the Island of Jersey shall not be reckoned as such service for the purpose of annual superannuation allowances or disablement allowances under the principal Act, unless provision is made and maintained to the satisfaction of the Treasury by the legislature of the Island —

(i) for the grant and payment of any such allowances, in the case of a teacher the whole of whose recorded service has been service in the Island, by the Government of the Island out of Island Funds; and (ii) in the case of the grant of any such allowance to a teacher whose recorded service has been partly service in the Island and partly service elsewhere, for the payment by the Government of the Island out of Island Funds of a part of that allowance proportionate or assignable to the period of the recorded service in the Island.

3. Section five of the principal Act (which relates to the application of the Act to existing teachers) shall as respects any such teacher who has been serving in the Island of Jersey at any time after the commencement of the principal Act, and has not already accepted that Act, be read as if the period of twelve months after the commencement of this Act were substituted for the period of one year after the commencement of the principal Act as the maximum time to be prescribed within which the option to accept the principal Act may be exercised.

4. — (1.) The power to grant an annual superannuation allowance or a disablement allowance under sections one and two of the principal Act shall be exercised in the case of a teacher the whole of whose recorded service has been service in the Island of Jersey, by or on behalf of the Government of Jersey, instead of by the Treasury, and any allowance granted under the power so exercised, shall not be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

1900.

Elementary School Teachers Superannuation (J) Act, 1900.

Cil 40, 41.

91

Paragraph (d) of subsection (2) of section one of the principal Act, and sections two, seven, and eight of that Act, shall accordingly be construed as if as respects the superannuation and disablement allowances of such teachers "the Government of Jersey" were substituted for " the Treasury, " and " Island Funds " for " moneys provided by Parliament"

(2.) Section nine of the principal Act shall apply in the Island of Jersey as if the words "or in the Island of Jersey " were added at the end of the section.

(3.) Subsection three of section five of the principal Act shall be construed as if the words "or the legislature or Government of the Island of Jersey " were added after the word "Parliament."

(4.) Section eleven of the principal Act shall be construed as if the words "or as respects the Island of Jersey the corresponding law in force in that Island " were added at the end of the definition of "Education Code."

[Short title.]

5. This Act may be cited as the Elementary School Teachers Superannuation (Jersey) Act, 1900.

CHAPTER 41.

An Act to provide for the alteration of the Local Government (Procedure of Councils) Order, 1899.

[6th August 1900.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) The Local Government Board may, if they think fit, by Power to Provisional Order confirmed by Parliament annul or vary either alter.°.r ""J1 generally, or, on the application of the council of any particular protore ° county, as respects that county, any provision in the Local of Councils Government (Procedure of Councils) Order, 1899. Order»1899 *

(2.) Sections two hundred and fourteen and two hundred and fifteen of the Public Health Act, 1878, shall, with the necessary 41 & 42 Vict, modifications, apply for the purpose of an Order under this Act. c- 5S *

2. This Act shall be construed as one with the Local Govern- Construction ment (Ireland) Act, 1898, may be cited as the Local Government "d Vtle *

(Ireland) (No. 2) Act, 1900, and may be cited with the Local Jj. 37. Ict *

Government (Ireland) Acts, 1898 and 1900.

92

Ch. 42.

Reserve Forces, 1900.

63 & 64 Vict.

Amendment of 45 & 46 Vict.

c. 48. 8. 8, as to calling out on permanent service.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 48.

Amendment of 45 & 46 Vict. c. 48. 8. 10, as to rank of militia reservist on return to militia.

[Short title.]

CHAPTER 42.

An Act to amend the Reserve Forces Act, 1882.

[6th August 1900.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Men in the second division of the first class of the army reserve shall be liable to be called out on permanent service, notwithstanding that directions have not been given for calling out the whole of the first division on such service; and, accordingly, in section three of the Reserve Forces Act, 1882, the words "and in the event of such direction being given men in the second " division shall not bo liable to be called out on permanent service " until directions have been given for calling out the whole of the f< first division on such service; ’ shall be repealed.

Provided that this section shall not apply to a man who entered the said second division before the passing of this Act, except with his consent.

2. Subsection four of section ten of the Reserve Forces Act, 1882, shall be subject to the following proviso:

Provided that —

(a) the rank of any such man shall not be lower than that to which he was entitled in the army immediately before he was released from permanent service; and (b) if, whilst on permanent service his rank has been reduced below that to which he was entitled before being called out on permanent service, and continues below that rank until the time when he is released from permanent service, his rank in the militia shall be correspondingly reduced; and (c) if, being of a rank above that of a private in the militia, he has served on permanent service as a private, and whilst so serving has been awarded any punishment which had he at the time held the rank which he held in the militia would have involved reduction to a lower rank, his rank in the militia on his being released from permanent service shall be reduced accordingly; and (d) if under the foregoing provisions the rank of any such man in the militia is raised or reduced above or below that which he held before he entered on permanent service, his pay shall be correspondingly raised or reduced.

3. This Act may be cited as the Reserve Forces Act, 1900.

1900.

Intermediate Education ()

Act, 1900. Ch. 43.

93

CHAPTER 43.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Intermediate Education in Ireland.

[6th August 1900.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) Notwithstanding anything in the Intermediate Educa- Power to applj tion (Ireland) Act, 1878, or the Local Taxation (Customs and faQdV" Excise) Act, 1890, the funds placed at the disposal of the Inter- rules! mediate Education Board for Ireland (in this Act referred to 41 & 42 Vict, as " the Board ") may, subject to the proviso in subsection (4) of vict

section five and to section seven of the said Act of 1878, be c. 60.

applied by them in the manner provided by rules to be made by the Board, with the approval of the Lord Lieutenant, for the purpose of carrying out the recommendations contained in the General Summary of the Report of the Commissioners appointed by the Lord Lieutenant to report upon the system of intermediate education in Ireland, dated the eleventh day of August one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, and presented to both Houses of Parliament by command of Her Majesty.

(2.) All rales made in pursuance of this section shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within three weeks after the same have been made, if Parliament be then sitting, or if Parliament be not then sitting within three weeks of the session then next ensuing, and, if any such rules are disapproved by either House of Parliament within forty days after the same have been so laid befcre Parliament, such rales, or such part thereof as may be so disapproved, shall thereupon become void and of no effect.

2. The Board may, if they think fit, with the sanction of the Power to Lord Lieutenant, and with the approval of the Treasury as to ?PP°i"t number and remuneration, appoint persons to act as inspectors in ""P60 °"‘ addition to, or instead of, the Assistant Commissioners.

3. The Board may, if they think fit, out of the funds placed at Power to grant their disposal, grant, with the approval of the Treasury, super- ^P^""gation annuation allowances to the Assistant Commissioners, inspectors, 22 26. clerks, and other officers of the Board, not exceeding in amount the allowance provided by the scale contained in the Superannuation Act, 1859.

4. In the provision in section two of the Intermediate Education Composition (Ireland) Act, 1878, which fixes the number of members of the of Board-Board, "twelve" shall be substituted for "seven."

5. This Act may be cited as the Intermediate Education Short title and

(Ireland) Act, 1900, and the Intermediate Education (Ireland)

Act, 1878, the Intermediate Education (Ireland) Act, 1882, andc. 66# , c *

this Act shall be construed as one Act, and may be cited 45 & 46 Vict.

c. 69.

94 Ch. 43, 44, 45. Intermediate Education (Ireland); 63 & G4 Vict.

, 1900.

collectively os the Intermediate Education (Ireland) Acts, 1878 to 1900.

Repeal of 1^6. In section three of the Local Taxation (Customs and Excise)

53 & 54 Vict Act, 1890, the words "but for no other purposes " are hereby ta2£*’ repealed.

CHAPTER 44.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Exportation of Arms, Ammunition, and Military and Naval Stores.

[6th August 1900.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Power to prohibit exportation of arm?, &c.

Construction and short title.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 2).

1, It shall be lawful for Her Majesty by proclamation to prohibit the exportation of all or any of the following articles, namely: arms, ammunition, military and naval stores, and any article which Her Majesty shall judge capable of being converted into or made useful in increasing the quantity of arms, ammunition, or military or naval stores, to any country or place therein named, whenever Her Majesty shall judge such prohibition to be expedient in order to prevent such arms, ammunition, military or naval stores, being used against Her Majesty's subjects or forces, or against any forces engaged or which may be engaged in military or naval operations in co-operation with Her Majesty's forces.

2. — (1.) This Act shall be read as one with the Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1879, and all the provisions of that Aet, so far as they are applicable to the exportation of prohibited goods, shall apply as if they were embodied in this Act, and as if section one of this Act were part of section eight of that Act.

(2.) This Act may be cited as the Exportation of Arms Act, 1900.

CHAPTER 45.

An Act to amend the Poor Relief (Ireland) Acts, 1838 to 1892, with respect to relief given by the maintenance of Lunatics and Children, and with respect to the)quantity of Land which may be acquired under those

Acts.

[(Rh August 1900.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1900.

Poor Relief (Ireland) Act, 1900. Ch. 45, 46, 47.

95

1. Section nine of the Poor Relief (Ireland) Act, 1847 (which io & li Vict,

prohibits the giving of relief from the poor rates of a union to a to have’ person not within the union), shall not have effect in the case of effect in case relief given by the maintenance of a child or lunatic outside the of children union to which the expenses of the relief are chargeable. and to4*01-

2. Any limit contained in the Poor Relief (Ireland) Acts, 1838 Power to to 1892, with respect to the quantity of land which may be acquired under those Acts, may, in any special case where the undwlnchmay Local Government Board certify that it is expedient, be exceeded, be acquired.

3. This Act may be cited as the Poor Relief (Ireland) Act, 1900, Short title and and shall be construed as one with the Poor Relief (Ireland) Acts, construction. 1838 to 1892, and those Acts and the Pauper Children (Ireland)

Act, 1898, and this Act may be cited collectively as the Poor Relief (Ireland) Acts, 1838 to 1900.

CHAPTER 46.

An Act to relieve Members of County Councils and other Local Authorities from disqualification by reason of absence in certain cases.

[6th August 1900.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Members of Local Authorities short title. Relief Act, 1900.

2. Notwithstanding anything contained in the Municipal Cor- Relief from porations Act, 1882, or in the Local Government Acts, 1888 and 1894, or in the Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1898, or in any Order in Council thereunder, an officer or soldier of the auxiliary «a« Vict. c. 5o.

81 *52 Vict. C. 41.

forces or of the reserve forces on active service, or on service s« *57 Vict. c. 7s. beyond the seas, shall not by reason only of his absence on, that 01A 62 Vict-a 37. service be disqualified or vacate his office a3 a member of any county or borough or district or parish council, or board of guardians, or incur any fine or other liability.

3. In this Act the expressions "soldier, " " reserve forces, " Interpretation. u auxiliary forces, " " active service, " and " beyond the seas, " have 445* 45 vict* the meanings respectively assigned to them by the Army Act. c ’

CHAPTER 47.

An Act to amend the Law with regard to the investment of Money paid into a County Court.

[8th August 1900.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

93

Cir. 47, 48. County Courts (Investment) Act, 1900. 63 & 64 Vict.

Extension of 1. — (1.) The provisions of section seventy-one of the County

Courts Act, 1888, shall extend to all money paid into a county to all pro- court (whether before or after the passing of this Act) in any ceedings. proceeding, and ordered by the judge to be invested for the benefit of any infant or person of unsound mind.

(2.) Nothing in this Act shall affect the provisions of the 60 & 61 Vict. Workmen's Compensation Act, 1897, with regard to the investment c. 37. of money agreed or ordered to be invested under that Act in the

name of the registrar.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the County Courts (Investment) Act, 1900.

CHAPTER 48.

An Act to amend the Companies Acts.

[8th August 1900.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Incorporation and Objects.

Conclosiveness 1. — (1.) A certificate of incorporation given by the registrar in

of certificate of respect of any association shall be conclusive evidence that all the mcorpora on reqUjg^jon8 of £he Companies Acts in respect of registration and of matters precedent and incidental thereto have been complied with, and that the association is a company authorised to be registered and duly registered under the Companies Acts.

(2.) A statutory declaration by a solicitor of the High Court engaged in the formation of the company or by a person named in the articles of association ai a director or secretary of the company of compliance with all or any of the said requisitions shall be produced to the registrar, and the registrar ‘may accept this declaration a3 sufficient evidence of such compliance.

(3.) The incorporation of a company shall take effect from the date of incorporation mentioned in the certificate of incorporation.

(4.) This section applies to all certificates of incorporation, whether given before or after the passing of this Act.

Appointment and Qualification of Director.

Restrictions on appointment or advertisement of director.

X

2. — (1.) A person shall not be capable of being appointed director of a company by the articles of association, and shall not be named as a director or proposed director of a company in any prospectus issued by or on behalf of the company, unless, before the registration of the articles or the publication of the prospectus, as the case may be, he has by himself or by his agent authorised in writing —

(i) signed and filed with the registrar a consent in writing to act as such director; and

1900.

Companies, 1900. Ch. 48.

97

(ii) either signed the memorandum of association for a number of shares not less than his qualification (if any), or signed and filed with the registrar a contract in writing to take from the company and pay for his qualification shares (if any).

(2.) On the application for registration of the memorandum and articles of association of a company, the applicant shall deliver to the registrar a list of the persons who have consented to be directors of the company, and if this list contains the name of any person who has not so consented the applicant shall be liable to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

(3.) Provided that this section shall not apply to a company registered before the commencement of this Act, or to a company which does not issue any invitation to the public to subscribe for its shares, or to a prospectus issued by or on behalf of a company after the expiration of one year from the date at which the company is entitled to commence business.

3. — (1.) Without prejudice to the restrictions imposed by the Qualification last foregoing section, it shall be the duty of every director who is of director, by the regulations of the company required to hold a specified share qualification, and who is not already qualified, to obtain his qualification within two months after his appointment, or such shorter time as may be fixed by the regulations of the company.

(2.) The office of director of a company shall be vacated, if the director does not within two months from the date of his appointment, or within such shorter time as may be fixed by the regulations of the company, obtain his qualification, or if after the expiration of such period or shorter time he ceases at any time to hold his qualification: and a person vacating office under this section shall be incapable of being re-appointed director of the company until he has obtained his qualification.

(3.) If after the expiration of the said period or shorter time any unqualified person acts as director of a company, he shall be liable to pay to the company the sum of five pounds for every day during which he so acts.

Allotment.

4. — (1.) No allotment shall be made of any share capital of a Restriction as company offered to the public for subscription, unless the following to aHotment conditions have been complied with, namely, —

(a) the amount (if any) fixed by the memorandum or articles of association and named in the prospectus as the minimum subscription upon which the directors may proceed to allotment; or

(b) if no amount is so fixed and named, then the whole amount of the share capital so offered for subscription,

has been subscribed, and the sum payable on application for the amount so fixed and named, or for the whole amount offered for subscription, has been paid to and received by the company.

(2.) The amount so fixed and named and the whole amount aforesaid shall be reckoned exclusively of any amount payable otherwise than in cash, and is in this Act referred to as the minimum subscription.

Ch. 48.

Companies Act, 1900.

63 & 64 Vict.

98

(3.) The amount payable on application on each share shall not be less than five per cent, of the nominal amount of the share.

(4.) If the conditions aforesaid have not been complied with on the expiration of forty days after the first issue of the prospectus, all money received from applicants for shares shall be forthwith repaid to the applicants without interest, and, if any such money is not so repaid within forty-eight days after the issue of the prospectus, the directors of the company shall be jointly and severally liable to repay that money with interest at the rate of five per centum per annum from the expiration of the forty-eight days: Provided that a director shall not be liable if he proves that the loss of the money was not due to any misconduct or negligence on his part.

(5.) Any condition requiring or binding any applicant for shares to waive compliance with any requirement of this section shall be void.

(6.) This section, except subsection (3) thereof, shall not apply to any allotment of shares subsequent to the first allotment of shares offered to the public for subscription.

Effect of 5. — (1.) An allotment made by a company to an applicant in

irregular contravention of the foregoing provisions of this Act shall be allotment. voidable at the instance of the applicant within one month after the holding of the statutory meeting of the company and not later, and shall be so voidable notwithstanding that the company is in course of being wound up.

(2.) If any director of a company knowingly contravenes or permits or authorises the contravention of any of the foregoing provisions of this Act with respect to allotment he shall be liable to compensate the company and the allottee respectively for any loss, damages, or costs which the company or the allottee may have sustained or incurred thereby:Provided that proceedings to recover such los3, damages, or costs shall not be commenced after the expiration of two years from the date of the allotment.

Restrictions on 6. — (1.) A company shall not commence any business or exercise

commencement any borrowing powers unless —

usin (a) shares held subject to the payment of the whole amount

thereof in cash have been allotted to an amount not less in the whole than the minimum subscription; and

(b) every director of the company has paid to the company on each of the shares taken or contracted to be taken by him, and for which he is liable to pay in cash, a proportion equal to the proportion payable on application and allotment on the shares offered for public subscription; and

(c) there has been filed with the registrar a statutory declaration by the secretary or one of the directors, in the prescribed form, that the aforesaid conditions have been complied with.

(2.) The registrar shall, on the filing of this statutory declaration, certify that the company is entitled to commence business, and that certificate shall be conclusive evidence that the company is so entitled.

1900.

Companies Act, 1900. Ch. 48.

99

(3.) Any contract made by a company before the date at which it is entitled to commence business shall be provisional only, and shall not be binding on the company until that date, and on that date it shall become binding.

(4.) Nothing in this section shall prevent the simultaneous offer for subscription of any shares and debentures or the receipt of any Application.

(5.) If any company commences business or exercises borrowing powers in contravention of this section, every person who is responsible for the contravention shall, without prejudice to any other liability, be liable to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds for every day during which the contravention continues.

(6.) Nothing in this section shall apply to a company registered before the commencement of this Act.

(7.) This section shall not apply to any company where there is no invitation to the public to subscribe, for its shares.

7. — (1.) Whenever a company limited by shares makes any Return as to allotment of its shares, the company shall within one month allotment?, thereafter file with the registrar —

(a) a return of the allotments, stating the number and nominal amount of the shares comprised in the allotment, the names, addresses, and descriptions of the allottees, and the amount (if any) paid or due and payable on each share; and

(b) in the case of shares allotted in whole or in part for a consideration other than cash, a contract in writing constituting the title of the allottee to such allotment, together with any contract of sale, or for services or other consideration in respect of which such allotment was made, such contracts being duly stamped, and a return stating the number and nominal amount of shares so allotted, the extent to which they are to be treated as paid up, and the consideration for which they have been allotted.

(2.) If default is made in complying with the requirements of this section, every director, manager, secretary, or other officer of the company, who is knowingly a party to the default, shall be liable to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds for every day during which the default continues.

8. — (1.) Upon any offer of shares to the public for subscription, Commissions, it shall be lawful for a company to pay a commission to any person discounts, &c. in consideration of his subscribing or agreeing to subscribe, whether absolutely or conditionally, for any shares in the company, or procuring or agreeing to procure subscriptions, whether absolute or conditional, for any shares in the company, if the payment of the commission and the amount or rate per cent, of the commission paid or agreed to be paid are respectively authorised by the articles of association and disclosed in the prospectus, and the commission paid or agreed to be paid does not exceed the amount or rate so authorised

(2.) Save as aforesaid no company shall apply any of its shares or capital money either directly or indirectly in payment of any commission, discount, or allowance, to any person in consideration

100

Ch. 48.

Companies, 1900.

63 & 64 Vict.

Filing of prospect00.

Specific

requirements as to particular! of prospectus.

of his subscribing or agreeing to subscribe, whether absolutely or conditionally, for any shares of the company, or procuring or agreeing to procure subscriptions, whether absolute or conditional, for any shares in the company, whether the shares or money be so applied by being added to the purchase money of any property acquired by the company or to the contract price of any work to be executed for the company, or the money be paid out of the nominal purchase money or contract price, or otherwise.

(3.) But nothing in this section shall affect the power of any company to pay such brokerage as it has heretofore been lawful for a company to pay.

Prospectus.

9. — (1.) Every prospectus issued by or on behalf of a company or in relation to any intended company shall be dated, and that date shall, unless the contrary be proved, be taken as the date of publication of the prospectus.

(2.) A copy of every such prospectus shall be signed by every person who is named therein as a director or proposed director of the company, or by his agent authorised in writing, and shall be filed with the registrar on or before the date of its publication.

(3.) The registrar shall not register any prospectus unless it is so dated and signed. No prospectus shall be issued until so filed for registration, and every prospectus shall state on the face of it that it has been so filed.

10. — (1.) Every prospectus issued by or on behalf of a company, or by or on behalf of any person who is or has been engaged or interested in the formation of the company, must state —

(a) the contents of the memorandum of association, with the names, descriptions, and addresses of the signatories, and the number of shares subscribed for by them respectively; and the number of founders or management shares, if any, and the nature and extent of the interest of the holders in the property and profits of the company; and

(b) the number of shares, if any, fixed by the articles of association as the qualification of a director, and any provision in the articles of association as to the remuneration of the directors; and

(c) the names descriptions and addresses of the directors or proposed directors; and

(d) the minimum subscription on which the directors may proceed to allotment, and the amount payable on application and allotment on each share; and in the case of a second or subsequent offer of shares, the amount offered for subscription on each previous allotment, and the amount actually allotted; and the amount, if any, paid on such shares; and

(e) the number and amount of shares and debentures issued, or agreed to be issued, as fully or partly paid up otherwise than in cash, and in the latter case the extent to which they are so paid up, and in either case the consideration for which such shares or debentures have been issued or are proposed or intended to be issued; and

1060.

Companies, 1900. Ch. 48.

101

(f) the names and addresses of the vendors of any property purchased or acquired by the company, or proposed so to be purchased or acquired, which is to be paid for wholly or partly out of the proceeds of the issue offered for subscription by the prospectus, or the purchase or acquisition of which has not been completed at the date of publication of the prospectus, and, the amount payable in cash, shares, or debentures, to the vendor, and where there is more than one separate vendor, or the company is a sub-purchaser, the amount so payable to each vendor; and the amount (if any) paid or payable as purchase money in cash, shares, or debentures, of any such property as aforesaid, specifying the amount payable for good-will; and

(h) the amount (if any) paid or' payable as commission for subscribing or agreeing to subscribe, or procuring or agreeing to procure subscriptions, for any shares in the company, or the rate of any such commission; and

(i) the amount or estimated amount of preliminary expenses; and

(j) the amount paid or intended to be paid to any promoter and the consideration for any such payment; and

(k) the dates of and parties to every material contract, and a reasonable time and place at which any material contract or a copy thereof may be inspected: Provided that this requirement shall not apply to a contract entered into in the ordinary course of the business carried on or intended to be carried on by the company, or to any contract entered into more than three years before the date of publication of the prospectus; and

(I) the names and addresses of the auditors (if any) of the company; and

(m) full particulars of the nature and extent of the interest (if any) of every director in the promotion of or in the property proposed to be acquired by the company, with a statement of all sums paid or agreed to be paid to him in cash or shares by any person either to qualify him as a director or otherwise for services rendered by him in connection with the formation of the company.

(2.) For the purposes of this section every person shall be -deemed to be a vendor who has entered into any contract, absolute or conditional, for the sale or purchase, or for any option of purchase, of any property to be acquired by the company, in any case where —

(a) the purchase money is not fully paid at the date of publication of the prospectus; or

(b) the purchase money is to be paid or satisfied wholly or in part out of the proceeds of the issue offered for subscription by the prospectus; or

(c) the contract depends for its validity or fulfilment on the result of such issue.

(3.) Where any of the property to be acquired by the company is to be taken on lease, this section shall apply as if the expression

102

Ch. 48.

Companies Act, 1900.

63 & 64 Vict,

" vendor " included the lessor, and the expression "purchase money " included the consideration for the lease, and the expression "sub-purchaser " included a sub-lessee.

(4.) This section shall not apply to a circular or notice inviting existing members or debenture holders of a company to subscribe for further shares or debentures, but, subject as aforesaid, this section shall apply to any prospectus whether issued on or with reference to the formation of a company or subsequently: Provided, that —

(a) the requirements as to the memorandum of association, and the qualification, remuneration, and interest of directors, the-names, descriptions, and addresses of directors or proposed directors, and the amount or estimated amount of preliminary expenses, shall not apply in the case of a prospectus published more than one year after the date at which the company is entitled to commence business; and

(b) in the case of a prospectus published more than one year after the date at which the company is entitled to commence business, the obligation to disclose all material contracts shall be limited to a period of two years immediately preceding the-publication of the prospectus.

(5.) Any condition requiring or binding any applicant for shares-or debentures to waive compliance with any requirement of this section, or purporting to affect him with notice of any contract, document, or matter not specifically referred to in the prospectus, shall be void.

(6.) Where any such prospectus as is mentioned in this section is published as a newspaper advertisement, it shall not be necessary to specify the contents of the memorandum of association or the signatories thereto, and the number of shares subscribed for by them.

(7.) In the event of non-compliance with any of the requirements of this section, a director or other person responsible for the prospectus shall not incur any liability by reason of the non-compliance, if he proves that —

(a) as regards any matter not disclosed, he was not cognisant thereof; or

(b) the non-compliance arose from an honest mistake of fact on his part.

Provided that in the event of non-compliance with the requirements contained in paragraph (m) of sub-section (1) of this section no director or other person shall incur any liability in respect of such non-compliance unless it be proved that he had knowledge of the matters not disclosed.

(8.) Nothing in this section shall limit or diminish any liability which any person may incur under the general law apart from this section.

Restriction on 11. A company shall not prior to the statutory meeting vary tems'Sentfoned the terms of a contract referred to in the prospectus, except subject in prospectus, to the approval of the statutory meeting.

v

1900.

Companies, 1900. Ch. 43,

103

Statutory Meeting.

12. — (1.) Every company limited by shares and registered after First statutory the commencement of this Act shall, within a period of not less*55 of than one month nor more than three months from the date at company* which the company is entitled to commence business, hold a general meeting of the members of the company, which shall be called the statutory meeting.

(2.) The directors shall, at least seven days before the day on which the meeting is held, forward to every member of the company a report certified by not less than two directors of the company, or, where there are less than two directors, by the sole director and manager, stating:—

(a) the total number of shares allotted, distinguishing shares allotted as fully or partly paid up otherwise than in cash, and stating in the case of shares partly paid up the extent to which they are so paid up, and in either case the consideration for which they have been allotted;

(b) the total amount of cash received by the company in respect of such shares, distinguished as aforesaid;

(c) an abstract of the receipts and payments of the company on capital account to the date of the report, and an account or estimate of the preliminary expenses of the company;

(d) the names, addresses, and descriptions of the directors, auditors (if any), manager (if any), and secretary of the company; and

(e) the particulars of any contract, the modification of which is to be submitted to the ’meeting for its approval, together with the particulars of the modification or proposed modification.

(3.) The report shall, so far as it relates to the shares allotted by the company, and to the cash received in respect of such shares, and to the receipts and payments of the company on capital account, be certified as correct by the auditors, if any, of the company.

(4.) The directors shall cause a copy of the report, certified as by this section required, to be filed with the registrar forthwith after the sending thereof to the members of the company.

(5.) The directors shall cause a list showing the names, descriptions, and addresses of the members of the company, and the number of shares held by them respectively, to be produced at the commencement of the meeting, and to remain open and accessible to any member of the company during the continuance of the meeting.

(6.) The members of the company present at the meeting shall be at liberty to discuss any matter relating to the formation of the company, or arising out of the report, whether previous notice has been given or not, but no resolution of which notice has not been given in accordance with the articles of association may be passed.

(7.) The meeting may adjourn from time to time, and at any such adjourned meeting any resolution of which notice has been

104

Ch, 48.

Companies, 1900.

63 & 64 Vict.

given in accordance with the articles of association, either before or subsequently to the former meeting, may be passed, and the adjourned meeting shall have the same powers as an original meeting.

(8.) If default is made in filing such report as aforesaid or in holding the statutory meeting, then, at the expiration of fourteen days after the last day on which the meeting ought to have been held, any shareholder may petition the Court for the winding up of the company, and upon the hearing of the petition the Court may either direct that the company be wound up, or give directions for the report being filed or a meeting being held, or make such other order as may be just, and may order that the costs of the petition be paid by any persons who in the opinion of the Court are responsible for the default.

Extraordinary 13. — (1.) Notwithstanding anything in any regulations of a

general company, the directors of a company shall, on the requisition of

meeting. ^he holders of not less than one-tenth of the issued capital of the

company upon which all calls or other sums then due have been paid, forthwith proceed to convene an extraordinary general meeting of the company.

(2.) The requisition must state the objects of the meeting, and must be signed by the requisitionists and deposited at the office of the company, and may consist of several documents in like form each signed by one or more requisitionists.

(3.) If the directors of the company do not proceed to cause a meeting to be held within twenty-one days from the date of the requisition being so deposited, the requisitionists, or a majority of them in value, may themselves convene the meeting, but any meeting so convened shall not be held after three months from the date of such deposit.

(4.) If at any such meeting a resolution requiring confirmation at another meeting is passed, the directors shall forthwith convene a further extraordinary general meeting for the purpose of considering the resolution and, if thought fit, of confirming it as a special resolution; and, if the directors do not convene the meeting within seven days from the date of the passing of the first resolution, the requisitionists, or a majority of them in value, may themselves convene the meeting.

(5.) Any meeting convened under this section by the requisitionists shall be convened in the same manner, as nearly as possible as that in which meetings are to be convened by directors.

Mortgages and Charges.

Registration of 14. — (1.) Every mortgage or charge created by a company after

Bjortgages and the commencement of this Act and being either —

(a) a mortgage or charge for the purpose of securing any issue of debentures; or

(b) a mortgage or charge on uncalled capital of the company; or

1500.

Companies Act, 1900. Ch. 48.

105

' (c) a mortgage or charge created or evidenced by an instrument which, if executed by an individual, would require registration as a bill of sale; or

(d) a floating charge on the undertaking or property of the company,

shall, so far as any security on the company’s property or undertaking is thereby conferred, be void against the liquidator and any creditor of the company, unless filed with the registrar for registration in manner required by this Act within twenty-one days after the date of its creation, but without prejudice to any contract or obligation for repayment of the money thereby secured.

(2.) Where the mortgage or charge comprises property outside the United Kingdom, it shall, so far as that property is concerned, be sufficient compliance with the requirements of this section, if a deed purporting to specifically charge such property be registered notwithstanding that further proceedings may be necessary to make such mortgage or charge valid or effectual according to the law of the country in which such property is situate.

(3.) The registrar shall keep, with respect to each company, a register in the prescribed form of all such mortgages and charges created by the company after the commencement of this Act, and requiring registration under this section, and shall, on payment of the prescribed fee, enter in the register, with respect to every such mortgage or charge, the date of creation, the amount secured by it, short particulars of the property mortgaged or charged, and the names of the mortgagees or persons entitled to the charge.

(4.) Provided that where a series of debentures containing any charge to the benefit of which the debenture holders of that series are entitled pari passu is created by a company, it shall be sufficient to enter on the register —

(a) the total amount secured by the whole series; and

(b) the dates of the resolutions creating the series and of the covering deed, if any, by which the security is created or defined; and

(c) a general description of the property charged; and

(d) the names of the trustees, if any, for the debenture holders.

(5.) Where more than one issue is made of debentures in the same series, the company may require the registrar to enter on the register the date and amount of any particular issue, but an omission to do this shall not affect the validity of the debentures issued.

(6.) The registrar shall give a certificate under his hand of the registration of any mortgage or charge registered in pursuance of this section, stating the amount thereby secured (which certificate shall be conclusive evidence that the requirements of this section as to registration have been complied with), and the company shall cause a copy of the certificate so given to be endorsed on every debenture or certificate of debenture stock which is issued by the company, and the payment of which is secured by the mortgage er charge so registered.

Ch. 48.

Companies, 1900.

63 & 64 Vice.

106 *

Rectification of register.

Entry of satisfaction.

Index to registers of mortgages and charges.

Penalties.

(7.) It shall be the duty of the company to register every mortgage or charge created by the company and requiring registration under this section, and for that purpose to supply the registrar with the particulars required for registration; but any such mortgage or charge may be registered on the application of any person interested therein.

(8.) The register kept, in pursuance of this section, of the mortgages and charges of each company shall be open to inspection by any person on payment of the prescribed fee, not exceeding one shilling for each inspection.

(9.) Every company shall cause a copy of every instrument creating any mortgage or charge requiring registration under this section, to be kept at the registered office of the company, and to be open to inspection by the members and creditors of the company on payment of such fee, not exceeding one shilling for each inspection, as may be fixed by the regulations of the company. Provided that in the case of a series of uniform debentures a copy of one such debenture shall be sufficient.

15. A judge of the High Court, on being satisfied that the omission to register a mortgage or charge within the time required by this Act, or the omission or misstatement of any particular with respect to any such mortgage or charge, was accidental, or due to inadvertence or to some other sufficient cause, or is not of a nature to prejudice the position of creditors or shareholders of the company, or that on other grounds it is just and equitable to grant relief may, on the application of the company or any person interested, and on such terms and conditions as seem to the judge just and expedient, order that the time for registration be extended, or, as the case may be, that the omission or misstatement be rectified.

16. The registrar may, on evidence being given to his satisfaction that the debt for which any registered mortgage or charge was given has 'been paid or satisfied, order that a memorandum of satisfaction be entered on the register, and shall if required furnish the company with a copy thereof.

17. The registrar shall keep a chronological index, in the prescribed form and with the prescribed particulars, to the mortgages or charges registered under this Act.

18. If any company makes default in complying with the requirements of this Act as to the registration of any mortgage or charge created by the company, the company and every director, manager, and other officer of the company, who knowingly and wilfully authorised or permitted such default shall, without prejudice to any other liability, be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds; and if any person knowingly and wilfully authorises or permits the delivery of any debenture or certificate of debenture stock required by this Act to be registered, without a copy of the certificate of the registrar being endorsed upon it. he shall, without prejudice to any other liability, be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds.

1900.

Companies Act, 1900. Ch. 48.

107

Annual Summary.

19. — (1.) The summary mentioned in section twenty-six of the Annual Companies Act, 1862, shall he so framed as to distinguish between

the shares issued for cash and the shares issued otherwise than for c< 89> lc cash or only partly for cash, and shall, in addition to the particulars required by that section to be specified, also specify —

(a) the total amount of debt due from the company in respect of all mortgages and charges which require registration under this Act, or which would require such registration if created after the commencement of this Act; and

(b) the names and addresses of the persons who are the directors of the company at the date of the summary.

(2.) The list and summary mentioned in the said section twenty-six must be signed by the manager or by the secretary of the company.

20. Sections forty-five and forty-six of the Companies Act, Amendment of 1862, shall apply to companies having a capital divided into shares, 25 26 Vict, and the words "and not having a capital divided into shares " in c, 89, 83, 45, 40‘ those sections shall be repealed.

Audit.

21. — (1.) Every company shall at each annual general meeting Appointment appoint an auditor or auditors to hold office until the next annual of auditow* general meeting.

(2.) If an appointment of auditors is not made at an annual general meeting, the Board of Trade may, on the application of any member of the company, appoint an auditor of the company for the current year, and fix the remuneration to be paid to him by the company for his services.

(3.) A director or officer of the company shall not be capable of being appointed auditor of the company.

(4.) The first auditors of the company may be appointed by the directors before the statutory meeting, and if so appointed shall hold office until the first annual general meeting, unless previously removed by a resolution of the shareholders in general meeting, in which case the shareholders at such meeting may appoint auditors.

(5.) The directors of a company may fill any casual vacancy in the office of auditor, but while any such vacancy continues the surviving or continuing auditor or auditors, if any, may act.

22. The remuneration of the auditors of a company shall Remuneration be fixed by the company in general meeting, except that the ofauditor3‘ remuneration of any auditors appointed before the statutory meeting, or to fill any casual vacancy, may be fixed by the directors.

23. Every auditor of a company shall have a right of access at Rights and all times to the books and accounts and vouchers of the company, of and shall be entitled to require from the directors and officers of au "* the company such information and explanation as may be necessary

for the performance of the duties of the auditors, and the auditors

108

Ch. 48.

Companies Act, 1900.

63 & 64 Vict.

shall sign a certificate at the foot of the balance sheet stating whether or not all their requirements as auditors have been

complied with, and shall make a report to the shareholders on the accounts examined by them, and on every balance sheet laid before the company in general meeting during their tenure of office; and in every such report shall state whether, in their opinion, the balance sheet referred to in the report is properly drawn up so as to exhibit a true and correct view of the state of the company’s affairs as shown by the books of the company; and such report shall be read before the company in general meeting.

Winding up.

Application of 24. The provisions of section two of the Joint Stock Companies S3 & 84 Vict. Arrangement Act, 1870, shall apply not only as between the c*1 8*2* company and the creditors, or any class thereof, but as between

the company and the members, or any class thereof.

°89 25. In a voluntary winding-up an application under section one

a.iss.M to'0' hundred and thirty-eight of the Companies Act, 1862, may be applications. raade by any creditor of the company.

Amendment of law as to striking names of defunct companies off register.

Defunct Companies.

26. — (1.) Where a company is being wound up and the registrar has reasonable cause to believe that no liquidator is acting, or that the affairs of the company are fully wound up, and the returns required to be made by the liquidator have not been made for a period of six consecutive months after notice by the registrar demanding the returns has been sent by post to the registered address of the company, or to the liquidator at his last known 43 Vict. c. 19. place of business, the provisions of section seven of the Companies Act, 1880, shall apply in like manner as if the registrar had not within one month after sending the second letter therein mentioned received any answer thereto.

(2.) In subsection five of the said section seven, after the words " or member, " in each place where they occur, shall be inserted the words "or creditor, " and in the same subsection, after the word operation, " the words "or otherwise " shall be substituted for the word "and."

Companies limited by Guarantee.

Provisions as 27. — (1.) A company limited by guarantee shall not be capable

of having a capital divided into shares, unless the memorandum guarantee. of association so provides, and specifies the amount of its capital (subject to increase or reduction in accordance with the Companies Acts) and the number of shares into which the capital is divided.

(2.) Every provision in any memorandum or articles of association or resolution of a company (whether limited by guarantee or otherwise) purporting to divide the undertaking of the company into shares or interests shall for the purposes of this section be treated as a provision for a capital divided into shares, notwithstanding that the nominal amount or number of the shares or interests is not specified thereby.

1900.

Companies Act, 1900. Ch. 48.

109

(3.) In the case of a company limited by guarantee and not having a capital divided into shares, every provision in the memorandum or articles of association or in any resolution of the company purporting to give any person a right to participate in the divisible profits of the company otherwise than as a member shall be void.

(4.) This section shall apply only to companies registered after the commencement of this Act.

False Statements.

28. If any person in any return, report, certificate, balance sheet, or other document, required by or for the purposes of this Act, wilfully makes a statement false in any material particular, knowing it to be false, he shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be liable on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years, with or without hard labour, and On summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding four months, with or without hard labour, and in either case to a fine in lieu of or in addition to such imprisonment as aforesaid:Provided that the fine imposed on summary conviction shall not exceed one hundred pounds.

Conversion of Stock into Shares.

29. Every company limited by shares, and which has in pursuance of the Companies Act, 1862, converted any portion of its shares into stock, may so far modify the conditions in its memorandum of association, if authorised to do so by its articles as originally framed or as altered by special resolution in manner provided in the Companies Act, 1862, as to reconvert such stock into paid-up shares of any denomination.

Supplemental.

30. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, —

The expression "Companies Acts" means the Companies Act, 1862, and the Acts amending the same;

The expression "company" means a company registered under the Companies Acts;

The expression "director " includes any person occupying the position of director, by whatever name called;

The expression "registered" means registered under the Companies Acts;

The expression "prescribed" means prescribed by the Board of Trade;

The expression "prospectus" means any prospectus, notice, circular, advertisement, or other invitation, offering to the public for subscription or purchase any shares or debentures of a company;

The expression "debenture " includes debenture stock;

Other expressions have the same meanings as in the Companies Act, 1862.

Penalty for false statement.

Conversion of stock into shares.

2S & 26 Vict. c. 89.

Definitions

no

Ch. 48.

Companies Act, 1900.

63 & 64 Vict.

Application of Act.

Construction of 53 & 54 Vict. c. 63. and of Act.

Repeal.

Application to Scotland.

Commencement.

[Short title.]

Section 83.

31. This Act shall, except as otherwise expressed, apply to every company, whether formed before or after the commencement of this Act.

32. The Companies (Winding-up) Act, 1890, and this Act, shall have effect as part of the Companies Act, 1862; but nothing in this section shall be construed as extending the Companies (Winding-up) Act, 1890, to Scotland or Ireland.

33. — (1.) Section twenty-fivs of the Companies Act, 1867, and the other enactments mentioned in the schedule to this Act, to the extent specified in the third column of that schedule, are hereby repealed.

(2.) No proceedings under section twenty-five of the Companies Act, 1867, shall be commenced after the commencement of this Act.

34. This Act shall apply to Scotland, subject to the following provisions and modifications: —

(1.) "Solicitor of the High Court" shall mean enrolled.law agent;

(2.) The provisions of this Act with respect to the registration of mortgages and charges shall not apply to companies registered in Scotland;

(3.) All prosecutions for offences or fines shall be at the instance of the Lord Advocate or a procurator fiscal as the Lord Advocate may direct.

35. This Act shall, except as otherwise expressed, come into operation on the first day of January one thousand nine hundred and one.

36. This Act may be cited as the Companies Act, 1900, and may be cited with the Companies Acts, 1862 to 1898.

SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Extent of Repeal.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 89. - The Companies Act, 1862. Section eighteen, from. A certificate" to the end of the section. In sections forty-five and forty-six, the words "and not having a capital divided into shares." Section one hundred and ninety-two.

80 & 31 Vict. c. 131. The Companies Act, 1867. Sections twenty-five thirty-eight and thirty-nine. 1

1900.

Town Councils (Scotland) Act, 1900. Ch. 49.

Ill

CHAPTER 49.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Law relating to the Election and Proceedings of Town Councils in Scotland.

[8th August 1900.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to consolidate and amend the law relating to the election and proceedings of town councils in Scotland:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Town Councils (Scotland) Act, Short title 1900, and shall apply to Scotland only. and extent

2. This Act shall commence and have effect from and after Comme»ce-the thirty-first day of December in the year one thousand nine ment of Aet* hundred.

, 3. The enactments specified in the First Schedule are hereby Enactments

repealed. "P6*1

4. The following words and expressions in this Act shall have Definitions, the meanings assigned to them, unless there be something in the subject or context repugnant to such construction; that is to say: —

(1.) "Acting chief magistrate" shall mean any bailie acting under section sixty-one:

(2.) " Assessor " shall mean the assessor acting under the Registration Acts:

(3.) " Burgh " shall include royal burgh, parliamentary burgh, burgh incorporated by Act of Parliament, police burgh, and any other burgh within the meaning of the Burgh Police 55 & 56 Vict. (Scotland) Act, 1892, to which that Act applied from its 55* commencement:

(4.) " Burgh rate " shall mean any rate or assessment imposed by the town council, but shall not include private improvement expenses:

(5.) " Common seal " shall mean the common seal of a burgh or the council thereof:

(6.) " Council " shall mean the town council:

(7.) " Electors " shall mean the persons to whom the right of electing town councillors belongs:

(8.) "Existing" shall mean existing immediately prior to the commencement of this Act:

(9.) "Magistrate" shall include lord provost, provost, and bailie:

112

Ch. 49.

Town Councils (Scotland)1900. 63 & 64 Vict.

55 & 56 Vict. c. 55.

48 & 49 Vict.

c. 3.

Corporate name and common seal.

Designation of lord provost.

Powers of town council.

(10.) " Municipal area" shall mean the area within the municipal boundary:

(11.) " Municipal boundary " (a) in the case of a royal burgh, parliamentary burgh, or burgh incorporated by Act of Parliament, shall mean the existing boundary for the purpose of voting for town councillors; (b) in the case of any other burgh, shall mean the boundary of the burgh as fixed under the provisions of the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, or of any Act thereby repealed; and (c) in all cases shall include any extension of such boundary, and be subject to any contraction thereof effected under any Act:

(12.) "Municipal register" shall mean the register of persons entitled to vote in the election of town councillors:

(13.) "Police burgh" shall have the meaning assigned to it in the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892:

(14.) " Provost " shall include " lord provost ":

(15.) " Registration Acts " shall have the same meaning as in section eight of the Representation of the People Act, 1884:

(16.) " Registration court" shall mean and include the registration court and the court of appeal under the Registration Acts:

(17.) "Senior bailie" or "senior magistrate" shall mean the bailie who has been longest in office since his last election as such:

(18.) " Supplementary list " shall mean the list mentioned in section twenty-seven:

(19.) "Treasurer" shall mean the salaried officer discharging treasurer’s duties.

Constitution and Government of Burghs.

5. A town council shall be elected for every burgh under the provisions of this Act and shall be designated by the corporate name of the provost, magistrates, and councillors " of the burgh, and the common seal shall be used and adhibited under their authority and subject to their directions. The town council of a police burgh shall be a body corporate with a common seal.

6. In the case of burghs in which the provost is or may hereafter become entitled to the designation of " lord provost, " the corporate designation of the town council shall be the "lord provost, magistrates, and councillors " of the burgh.

7. Subject to the provisions of this Act, the council and magistrates of each existing burgh shall have such and the like rights, powers, authorities, and jurisdiction as were possessed by the council or commissioners and magistrates of such burgh according to the existing law Every reference in any Act of Parliament

1000.

Town Councils (Scotl Act, 1900. Ch. 49.

113

to the commissioners of a police burgh shall in the case of a police burgh constituted after the commencement of this Act be read and construed as referring to the council thereof, and the council and magistrates of a police burgh constituted after the commencement of this Act shall have such and the like rights, powers, authorities, and jurisdictions, as shall be possessed by the council and magistrates of police burghs in Scotland under the law for the time being.

8. In any burgh the whole rights, powers, authorities, duties Powers, &o. liabilities, debts, officers and servants (a) of commissioners under of, 11?ca.1. the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, and (b) of any body of *o be vestal police, gas or water commissioners, consisting exclusively of in town members of the town council, and (c) of the burgh local authority council-under the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897, and the whole 60 & 61 Vict, lands, works, and other assets vested in them respectively shall, c*S8 *

in so far as this has not already been effected, be transferred to, imposed on, and vested in the town council, and all bonds and other deeds granted by such commissioners or local authority shall be binding on the town council, and every reference in any Act of Parliament, byelaw, regulation, order, scheme, deed, or instrument, to such commissioners or local authority shall, after the commencement of this Act, be read and construed as referring to the town council or to the individual councillors as the case may be; and, except in so far as is by this Act otherwise directed, or as the town council may otherwise resolve, it shall not be necessary to hold separate or special meetings for the transaction of business arising out of the powers of police, gas, or water commissioners, or of the local authority, hereby transferred, or to keep separate minute books therefor. Provided that nothing in this section or Act contained shall be held to amalgamate any burghs or the councils thereof, or any funds or other assets separately administered at the commencement of this Act, or to alter any rating area, or to

add to or diminish or otherwise affect existing security for debt,

or existing burdens on any common good, or to make competent any payment or any giving in security, or any addition to the burden on any common good, which before the commencement of this Act would have been incompetent.

9. The town council may sue and be sued in their corporate Service of

name, and service on them of all legal processes and notices shall feJec5 .

be effected by service on the town clerk. The title to all lands andfonnof ’

acquired by the town council shall be taken in their corporate title to lands, name, and all deeds, contracts, and writs of importance requiring

to be executed by the town council shall be granted in their corporate name, and shall be signed at a meeting of the council by the provost or other magistrate or councillor presiding and the town clerk, either with or without the common seal being adhibited. Provided that such signature shall not operate to make any person so signing personally liable for the repayment of any debt or the fulfilment of any obligation incurred by the town council.

H

Ch. 49.

Town Councils (Scotland) A, 1900. 63 & 64 Viciv

114

Number of magistrates and councillors.

Alteration of number.

Persons eligible as councillors.

Disqualifications of councillors.

47 & 43 Vict. c. 16.

Number and Qualification of.

10. The number of magistrates and councillors to be elected in each burgh shall, unless and until altered under this Act, remain the same as under the existing law. In burghs created after the commencement of this Act, the numbers shall be in accordance with the scale specified in Schedule II.

11. Where the number of magistrates or councillors in any burgh under the existing law differs from the scale specified in Schedule II., or where, by alteration in population in any burgh, the number at any time hereafter comes to differ therefrom, it shall be competent for the town council, if they deem it proper, to present a petition to the sheriff praying him to exercise his powers under this section, and upon consideration of such petition, and after such advertisement and inquiry as he shall deem proper, the sheriff shall —

(1.) Ascertain and declare, for the purposes of this Act, the population within the municipal boundary of the burgh;

(2.) Declare that the number of magistrates and councillors shall be increased or diminished, so as to make it conform to the scale specified in Schedule II.;

(3.) Determine when, and in what manner, the increase or decrease in the number of magistrates and councillors shall be effected in the burgh, and in the different wards thereof;

(4.) Determine when and in what order the whole magistrates and councillors, as increased or decreased in number, shall vacate office;

(5.) Determine all questions that may arise in connexion with such increase or decrease, and pronounce any order which he may find expedient for effecting the same, or for obviating any difficulty which may prevent the due carrying out thereof.

A copy of every determination under this section shall be forthwith communicated to the Secretary for Scotland by the town clerk of the burgh.

12. Any male elector in the burgh who is not subject to any of the disqualifications after-mentioned shall be eligible as a councillor.

13. A person shall be disqualified for being nominated or elected, and for being or continuing a councillor, if and while he —

(1.) Is not an elector, or does not appear as such on the municipal register;

(2.) Being a councillor, fails to attend any meetings of the council for a period of six consecutive months without leave of absence from the council;

(3.) Is an adjudged bankrupt within the meaning of the Bankruptcy Frauds and Disabilities (Scotland) Act, 1884, whose disqualification has not been removed in manner provided by that Act;

11

1900. Town Councils (Scotland) Act, 1900. Ch. 49.

(4.) Holds any office or place of profit in the gift or disposal of the council;

(6.) Has, directly or indirectly by himself or his partner, any share or interest in any contract or employment with, by, or on behalf of the council, provided that a person shall not be so disqualified or be deemed to have any share or interest in such a contract or employment by reason only of his having any share or interest in —

(a) any agreement for the loan of money, or any security for the payment of money only;

(b) any newspaper in which any advertisement relating to the affairs of the burgh or council is inserted;

(c) any company which contracts with the council for lighting, or supplying with water, or insuring against fire, any part of the burgh, or any property of the town council, or insuring persons in the employment of the town council against accident, or

(d) any railway company or any company incorporated by Act of Parliament or Royal Charter or under the Companies’ Acts.

14. In the event of any disqualified person being elected a Election of councillor, or in the event of any councillor, after being duly elected, coming under any of the disqualifications specified in section thirteen hereof, his office shall, nevertheless, not be vacated, and he shall not be prevented from voting and acting as a councillor until —

(1.) He voluntarily resigns; or

(2.) His disqualification has been determined by an election

court under and within the meaning of the Elections 53 & 54 Vict. (Scotland) (Corrupt and Illegal Practices) Act, 1890, on a c*1L petition presented within the time specified by said Act, by the town council or by any four or more electors, or, in the case of disqualification alleged to exist at the time of nomination or election, by any candidate opposing him at the election, provided that the last-mentioned Act shall be held to apply to the said petition and procedure thereon, and provided that in the case of any continuing disqualification it shall be competent to present such petition at any time while the disqualification subsists; and provided also that if in the opinion of the election court any disqualified person has in the knowledge of his disqualification made an oath or declaration de fideli, or taken his seat in the town council, it shall be in the power of the court to impose on him a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, which fine shall be paid to the town council and applied in such manner as they may direct; or

(3.) A resolution declaring his office vacant has been passed by the town council at a meeting of which notice shall be given to the councillor in question and to the other councillors of the burgh at least three days before the date of such meeting;

116

Ch. 49.

Town Councils (Scotland) Act, 1900. 63 & 64 Vict.

55 & 56 Vict. c. 55.

Councillors oot to hold offices of profit.

Councillors not to be liable for debts of burgh.

Number of councillors iu each ward.

Existing number of wards and councillors to remain until altered.

Division or re-division into wards.

provided that the said councillors shall be entitled to appeal against any such resolution by lodging a note of appeal within fourteen days after the date of such resolution, in manner provided by section three hundred and thirty-nine of the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892; and provided further that no such appeal shall entitle the said councillor to vote and act as a councillor while the same is pending.

15. It shall not be competent for a town council to appoint a councillor to any office or place of profit in their gift or disposal.

16. No councillor shall incur by his election or acceptance of office any other responsibility for the debts of the burgh, or the acts of his predecessors in office, than might have attached to him as a burgess or inhabitant independently of such election.

Division into Wards and Polling.

17. Where a burgh is divided into wards under the provisions of this Act, the number of wards shall be so adjusted as that there shall be three, or a multiple of three, councillors for each ward.

18. In the case of any burgh where the number of wards and the number of councillors for each ward under the existing law differ from the proportion specified in the immediately preceding section, such numbers shall remain as so existing, until altered under section nineteen hereof.

19. In the following cases, that is to say, where —

(1) the town council of any burgh not divided into wards resolves that it is expedient that it should be so divided;

(2) the town council of any burgh resolves that it is expedient that the number or boundaries of the wards should be altered;

(3) in consequence of any increase or decrease of councillors it is necessary, in order to con form to the provisions of sections ten and seventeen hereof to alter the number or boundaries of wards;

(4) any alteration of the boundary of a burgh has taken place;

the sheriff shall, on the application of the town council, if he shall consider the change necessary or expedient, and after such inquiry and advertisement, including a notice in the Edinburgh Gazette, as he shall think proper, and after hearing all parties interested —

(1) divide or re-divide the whole burgh into wards in conformity with section seventeen or as near thereto as possible, and define the boundaries of such wards;

(2) in every case, except in that of a burgh for the first time divided into wards, apportion the existing councillors, or any increased or decreased number of councillors, among the wards so created or altered;

1900.

Town Councils (Scotl Act, 1900. Ch. 49.

117

(3) determine all questions that may arise in connexion with such division, re-division, or apportionment, and pronounce any order which he may find expedient for affecting the same or for obviating any difficulty which may prevent the due carrying out thereof.

Provided that this section shall not apply to the burghs named in Schedule II. of the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892; and 55 & 56 Vic\. provided further that the sheriff, in dividing a burgh into wards or c. 55-in altering the number or boundaries of wards, shall have regard to the number of electors and the value of the lands and heritages in each ward, and shall not finally make such division or alteration until the proposed division or alteration has been advertised, and objectors (if any) have been allowed an opportunity to be heard.

The town council shall publish every such division or alteration in the Edinburgh Gazette, and otherwise as they think proper.

20. Any division into wards or alteration of the boundaries of Ward boon-

wards under the provisions of this Act shall have effect for t

parliamentary as well as municipal purposes, provided that such fo/parito? division or alteration shall not affect the boundaries of any division mentary of the burgh for the purpose of returning a member to serve for purpose*-such division in Parliament.

21. In the case of a burgh for the first time divided into wards First division

under the provisions of this Act, the whole of the council, including into

the provost, shall retire at the next election after such division is completed, and the new council shall be elected by the wards.

22. The town council may by resolution divide the burgh, or Polling any ward, into two or more polling districts, and from time to time dl9tricU* rescind such resolution or alter the number or boundaries of such polling districts, and in carrying out any election the returning officer shall appoint at least one polling place in each polling district.

Constituency.

23. The electors shall consist of — Qualification

(1.) All persons who are entitled in respect of premises within ofelector8* the municipal boundary to vote in the election of a member of Parliament:

(2.) All persons who would have been entitled in respect of premises within the municipal boundary to vote in the election of a member of Parliament, but for their removal from one part of the municipal area to another or their residing more than seven miles beyond some part of the municipal boundary:

(3.) All peers and women who, in respect of the ownership or occupancy of premises within the municipal boundary, possess the qualifications entitling male commoners to vote in the election of a member of Parliament; provided that a wife shall not be registered or entitled to vote in respect of any premises in respect of which her husband is registered.

118

Ch. 49.

Town Councils (Scotland) Act, 1900. 63 & 64 Vict.

53 & 54 Vict.

c. 55.

Register in burghs returning members to Parliament.

Register in

burghs where

parliamentary

boundary

extends

beyond

municipal

boundary.

Register in burghs not returning members to Parliament.

Supplementary

list.

Provided that no person shall be entitled to exercise any of the rights of an elector —

(1) unless his name appears on the municipal register;

(2) if any disqualifying mark applicable to the municipal franchise appears against his name in the municipal register;

(3) if and so long as he is subject to any disability under the Elections (Scotland) (Corrupt and Illegal Practices) Act, 1890, or any other Act for the time being in force relating to a parliamentary election or an election to any corporate office.

Municipal.

24. In every burgh returning or contributing to return a member or members to Parliament, where the municipal and parliamentary boundaries are the same, or the municipal boundary includes any area beyond the parliamentary boundary, the municipal register shall consist of -

(1) the register of voters for parliamentary purposes;

(2) the supplementary list.

25. In every burgh returning or contributing to return a member or members to Parliament, of which the parliamentary boundary includes any area beyond the municipal boundary, the assessor shall place a distinctive mark on the list of voters for parliamentary purposes opposite the names of all persons appearing thereon only in respect of premises within such area, and the municipal register shall consist of —

(1) the register of voters for parliamentary purposes, subject to the deduction therefrom of all names so marked;

(2) the supplementary list.

26. In every burgh not returning or contributing to return a member or members to Parliament, the assessor for the county or counties or districts thereof within which the burgh is situated shall, on or before the fifteenth day of September in each year, prepare an excerpt from the list of voters for parliamentary purposes for such county, containing the names of all persons appearing thereon in respect of premises within the municipal boundary, and the municipal register shall consist of —

(1) the said excerpt;

(2) the supplementary list.

27. On or before the fifteenth day of September in each year the assessor for any burgh, and for any portion of a county included within the municipal boundary of any burgh, shall prepare a separate list of the persons referred to in subsections two and three of section twenty-three, and of all persons appearing in the parliamentary list of voters in respect of premises in any area beyond the parliamentary boundary, but within the municipal boundary of any burgh, who would have been entitled to vote in the election of a member of Parliament if such area had been within the parliamentary boundary of the burgh, which list shall form the " supplementary list."

1900.

Town Councils (Scotland) Act, 1900. Ch. 49.

119

28. As affecting the right to be a burgh elector, failure to make Disquaiifica-

payment of any burgh rate, or exemption from payment of any a

burgh rate, shall be a disqualification in the same manner as and burgh rate*7 in addition to the disqualification arising from exemption from, or

failure to make payment of, poor rate in the case of a parliamentary elector.

For the purpose of the registration of burgh electors, the provisions of the Registration Acts in regard to demanding payment of poor rate, the intimation of the names of persons exempted from or who have failed to make payment of poor rate, and the relief against erroneous or improper exemption from payment of poor rate, shall be read and construed as if they Applied to the burgh rates as well as to the poor rates, and as if the collector of the burgh rates were therein named as well as and along with the collector of poor rate.

The assessor shall prefix a distinctive mark to the number or name of any parliamentary elector as appearing in the parliamentary register or list, or of any elector in the supplementary list, or in the excerpt referred to in section twenty-six, if such elector shall seem to him to be disqualified in respect of exemption from, or failure to make payment of, any burgh rate; and the forms of registers and lists, and of notices of claim and objection, and the provisions in regard to numbering on the register under the Registration Acts shall, if necessary, be varied so as to make them applicable to the registration of burgh electors as well as to the registration of parliamentary or other electors.

29. The same procedure shall be followed with reference to all Procedure in the distinctive marks referred to in this Act, the excerpt referred ^Pstt^ntion to in section twenty-six, and the supplementary list, as is by the apply to Registration Acts appointed to be followed with regard to the excerpt, &c. preparation, printing, publication, appeal, revision, completion, authentication, and otherwise, of the register of parliamentary

voters for burghs and counties respectively.

30. Where the municipal area of any burgh not returning or Register in contributing to return a member or members to Parliament is burghs within situated in whole or in part within the parliamentary boundaries (^nXriesof of any other burgh, the duties of the assessor under this Act shall another burgh. be performed, as regards the area or part so situated, by the

assessor for such other burgh, and as regards any remaining portion of such area by the assessor for the county or counties or districts thereof within which it is situated.

31. Notwithstanding anything herein contained, the assessors Assessors to or others persons charged with the preparation of the municipal observe register, or any part thereof, shall observe the provisions of the 57°& soviet. Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1894, and Acts explaining or c. 58. amending the same, with reference to the form and requisites of a municipal register, provided that the insertion in any municipal register of the name of any person qualified as a parish elector only

shall not operate to constitute him a municipal elector, and the name of such person shall be indicated by a distinctive mark.

120

Ch. 49.

Town Councils (Scotland) Act, 1900. 63 & 64 Vict.

Register to be evidence, and term in force.

Present council to continue in office.

One-third of c.ouncil to retire yearly.

Councillors longest in office to retire.

Casual

vacancies

32. The municipal register shall remain in force from the thirty-first day of October in each year until the first day of November in the following year.

Retirement of Councillors and filling up of Vacancies.

33. The existing town council or commissioners and magistrates of every burgh shall be the town council and magistrates under this Act, and the existing commissioners of a police burgh shall individually be the councillors thereof, but their retirement and the filling up of vacancies shall be regulated by this Act.

34. On the first Tuesday of November in each year one-third of the whole town council in the case of a burgh not divided into wards, and one-third of the councillors for each ward in the case of a burgh divided into wards, shall retire from office. In any case where the number of councillors for any burgh or ward is not divisible by three, the number to retire shall be the nearest to one-third; provided that where under the existing practice the number to retire in any ward of a burgh is not that herein prescribed, such practice shall continue until an alteration of the number of councillors or the number or boundaries of wards is effected in such burgh in terms of this Act.

35. The number to retire shall, without prejudice to any existing practice so long as no alteration as aforesaid is effected in terms of this Act, consist of those who have been longest in office since their last election. Where it is necessary, in order to make up the number to retire, that one or more councillors should retire out of the number of those that have been in office for an equal period, the councillor or councillors to retire shall be those who had the smallest number of votes at their previous election. In the event of there having been no contest or an equality of votes at the said previous election, the town council shall decide the order of retiral, at a meeting to be held so soon as conveniently may be after such election, and not later than the month of September immediately preceding the next ensuing election.

36. In case of any of the following events occurring between the issue of the notice mentioned in section forty-two, and the first day of October in the following year, viz.: —

(a.) The death of any councillor;

(6.) The resignation of office of any councillor;

(c.) Any councillor vacating office in consequence of coming under any of the disqualifications specified in section thirteen hereof;

(d) A disqualified person being elected as councillor;

(e.) The full number of councillors not being elected at any election, the full number failing to accept office, or aiiy councillor being elected by more than one ward;

(/.) Any election being abortive in consequence of any error or irregularity in the proceedings;

1900.

Town Councils (Scotland) Act, 1900. Ch. 49.

121

(g.) A vacancy occurring from any cause other than those above stated, and other than retirement in ordinary rotation;

the vacancy so occurring shall be filled up ad interim by the town council at a meeting of which the notices, stating that the matter is to be then dealt with, shall be sent out by the town clerk within three weeks of the occurrence of such event, and which shall be held not Booner than five days, and not later than ten days, from the date of such notice. In the event of the town clerk failing to call the said meeting, or in the event of the said meeting failing so to elect, it shall be in the power of the provost, or of any councillors forming among them one-third of the whole town council, at any time thereafter, to call a meeting for the same purpose and upon the same notice. Provided that any vacancy so occurring under heading (<?) or under heading (/) aforesaid may, if the town council so resolve, be filled up ad interim as soon as may be by a special election by the electors, and such election shall be held as nearly as may be under the provisions of this Act, and the returning officer at such election shall, subject to the approval of the town council, fix the date of the election, and shall fix the dates for the issue of all necessary notices, and for lodging and withdrawing nomination papers, so that the intervals between such respective dates shall be the same as in the case of ordinary elections under this Act.

37. The councillor elected ad interim under the preceding section shall hold office until the first Tuesday of November next ensuing after his election, or, in the event of his election between the issue of the notice referred to in section forty-two and the first Tuesday of November thereafter, until the first Tuesday of November in the following year, and if the councillor whose place he is elected to supply would, in ordinary course, have formed one of the councillors to retire at either of the said dates, he shall be reckoned as forming one of the councillors to retire thereat; but in any other case he shall not be so reckoned, and his place shall be filled up by the electors, in addition to the places of the councillors falling to retire.

38. Any councillor may resign his office at any time upon giving not less than three weeks* notice in writing to the town clerk, and the said resignation shall take effect after the expiry of the said three weeks, provided that, in the event of such councillor intimating that he desires that his resignation should take effect at the date of the next annual election, the same shall take effect at that date, irrespective of the foresaid term of notice being given, provided only that notice of resignation in writing is given to the town clerk before the issue by him of the notice provided for by section forty-two hereof.

39. In case of any of the events mentioned in section thirty-six hereof occurring between the thirtieth day of September and the issue of the notice referred to in section forty-two hereof, or of a councillor intimating his resignation to take effect at the date of the next annual election, the vacancy so caused shall not be filled

Term of office of interim councillor.

Councillors may resign office.

When vacancy not to be filled up ad interim.

122

Ch. 49.

Town Councils (Scotland) Act, 1900. 63 & 64 Vict.

Leave of absence to councillor.

Mode of election and voting.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 55.

Notice of vacancies and dates of nomination and election.

Nomination of candidates.

Signatures to

nomination

paper.

up in terms of section thirty-six, but shall be filled up by the electors at the next annual election, the councillor vacating office being reckoned, or not reckoned, one of those to retire at said election, according as ho would, or would not have, in ordinary course, formed one of the number falling to retire at said election.

40. It shall be lawful to the council to grant leave of absence to a councillor on his application, and on a reasonable cause shown, for any period not exceeding twelve months.

Procedure at.

41. Where a burgh is not divided into wards, there shall be one election of councillors for the whole burgh. In other cases there shall be an election in each ward. In any case where the name of an elector appears in the municipal register as being qualified in respect of premises in more than.one ward, such elector may vote in any one of said wards, but he shall not thereafter be entitled to vote at the same election in any other ward, and in the event of his doing so, or presenting himself at any polling place and asking for and receiving a ballot paper with the intention of so voting, he shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding fifty pounds, recoverable in like manner and under the same alternative as are applicable to any penalty under the Elections (Scotland) (Corrupt and Illegal Practices) Act, 1890.

42. On any day during the period between and including the eleventh and eighteenth days of October in each year the town clerk shall, by notice to be affixed to the outside wall of the town hall, or of any premises where the meetings of the town council are ordinarily held, and also to be published either by handbills posted up throughout the burgh or by insertion at least once during the said period in some newspaper or newspapers published within the burgh, if any be, or otherwise in some newspaper or newspapers circulating in the burgh, intimate (1) the names of the councillors falling to retire on the ensuing first Tuesday of November; (2) the wards by which their places rail to be supplied in the case of a burgh divided into wards; (3) the date and place for lodging and withdrawing nomination papers; (4) the date of election in the event of there being a poll; and (5) the polling places. The said notice shall be in, or as nearly as may be in, the forms respectively applicable contained in Schedule III. annexed to this Act.

43. It shall not be competent to elect any person to the office of councillor unless the name of such person shall have been intimated to the town clerk in the manner herein-after provided, before four of the clock afternoon of the Tuesday immediately preceding the first Tuesday of November by delivery to him, or at his office, of a nomination paper in, or as nearly as may be in, the form of Schedule IV. hereunto annexed.

44. The said nomination paper shall be subscribed by two electors, and the form of assent appended thereto shall be signed by

1900.

Town Councils (Scotland) Act, 1900. Ch. 49.

123

at least five other electors, and in the case of a burgh divided into wards the proposers and assenters shall all be electors of the ward to which the nomination paper applies. The form of consent to be nominated on the nomination paper shall be subscribed by the candidate or a law agent duly authorised by him.

45. Any nomination may be withdrawn by notice of withdrawal Withdrawal given to the town clerk before four of the clock afternoon of the of nomination' Thursday immediately preceding the said first Tuesday of November,

and such notice of withdrawal shall be signed by the person nominated or a law agent duly authorised by him, and by his two proposers, and shall be in, or as nearly as may be in, the form of Schedule V. of this Act, provided that no such withdrawal shall be competent where its effect would be to reduce the total number of persons nominated for the then ensuing annual election of town councillors in such burgh (or in a ward thereof where the burgh is divided into wards, and the notice applies to such ward) below the number necessary to supply the vacancies to be filled up in the burgh or ward, as the case may be, at that election.

46. The town clerk shall, not later than the Friday immediately Notice of preceding the election, cause public notice to be given of the names of all persons so intimated to him and not withdrawn as nonu aforesaid, and such notice shall be in, or as nearly as may be in, the

form of Schedule VI. hereunto annexed, and shall be affixed and published in manner directed by section forty-two hereof. In case the number of nominations in any burgh or ward does not exceed the number of vacancies, the town clerk shall, in his notice, intimate that fact, and state that there will be no poll in such burgh or ward.

47. In the event of any disqualified person being nominated, Nomination the town clerk shall, if the names of such person and his proposers

and assenters appear in the municipal register, receive the nomination paper and deal with it in the same manner as the nomination papers of qualified candidates, but if the name of such persons, or any of them, do not appear in the municipal register, he shall reject the nomination paper, and the same shall be null and void.

48. In the event of the number of persons nominated and not Number of subsequently withdrawn not exceeding the number of vacancies in

any burgh or ward of a burgh, the persons nominated shall be vacancies. g held to be duly elected as councillor.

49. In the event of the number of persons nominated and Poll in not subsequently withdrawn for election as councillors of any ei^dona! burgh or ward of a burgh exceeding the number of vacancies, the election shall be carried out by a poll which shall be taken on

the first Tuesday of November, under and in conformity with the 35 & 36 Vict, provisions of the Ballot Act, 1872, the Elections Hours of Poll Act, *73j*48 vict 1884, and any Acts extending and amending the same. c. 34.

124

Town Councils (Scotland) Act, 1900. 63 & 64 Vict.

Returning

officer.

Town clerk to be returning officer in certain cases.

Declaration of election.

Notice to councillors of their election.

Returning officer to have casting vote.

Application to countj and parish council elections.

62 ft S3 Vict. C. 50. 67 58 Vict. C. 18.

Ch. 49.

50. The returning officer at the said election shall be the provost of the burgh, but the acting chief magistrate shall act as returning officer in the event —

(1) of the office of provost being at the time vacant;

(2) of the provost being among the number of councillors falling to retire at the election, or of his term as provost expiring, or his resigning office as at the date of the election;

(3) of the provost being incapacitated from acting by illness, absence, or any other cause; or

(4) of the provost declining or failing to perform his duties.

51. In the event of the provost and all the bailies being amongst the number to retire, or being prevented from acting or failing to act as returning officer for any of the reasons aforesaid, the town clerk, or any person appointed by him, shall act as returning officer.

52. The returning officer shall cause the result of the election, whether contested or uncontested, to be declared within the town hall, council chambers, or other public hall or place in the burgh, not later than four of the clock afternoon of the day after the election, and shall cause a written or printed statement thereof, signed by him, to be immediately thereafter affixed to the outside wall of the town hall, or of any premises in which the meetings of the town council are usually held.

53. The town clerk shall, immediately after the declaration of the election and at latest before the expiry of the day after the election, give notice in writing to the several persons elected of their election, and require them severally to appear in the town hall, council chambers, or other public room aforesaid, on the second lawful day after such election and at such hour between ten o'clock forenoon and eight o'clock afternoon as may be fixed by said notice, when they shall severally declare, in presence of the returning officer or of the town clerk, whether they accept or decline to accept the office of councillor, and if any such person shall be found to have been elected by more than one ward in a burgh, he shall thereupon declare for which ward he intends to serve. Iu the event of any person elected failing to attend such meeting and declare his acceptance of office, or to intimate his acceptance of office in writing subscribed by himself or a law agent duly authorised by him, addressed to the town clerk and delivered to him or at his office before the hour of such meeting, the person so elected shall be held to have declined office, and his place shall be held to be vacant.

54. In the event of two or more candidates who cannot all be elected receiving an equal number of votes, the returning officer shall have and exercise a casting vote.

55. This Act shall be deemed to be an enactment regulating the election of town councillors referred to in the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889, and the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1894, and to be an enactment by the said Acts applied to the

1900.

Town Councils (Scotland), 1900. Ch. 49.

125

elections referred to in section sixteen of the last cited Act: Provided that a county council, or the returning officer at an election of county councillors, may refer to the Secretary for Scotland any question that may arise in consequence of the passing of this Act in regard to the procedure at such an election, and the determination of the Secretary for Scotland as signified by order thereon shall be final.

Election of Magistrates, <kc.

56. The magistrates shall be elected by the town council from among their own number. The provost shall hold office from the date of his election as such until the expiry of three years from the first Tuesday of November immediately preceding his election, and during that period he shall (provided he continues to hold the office of provost) continue to hold office as a councillor, and be held at each of the elections occurring during his term of office to have been the shortest time in office of the councillors for the burgh or for the ward which he represents.

57. The magistrates other than the provost shall be called bailies, and each bailie shall hold office from the date of his election to the date at which he falls in ordinary course to retire as a councillor.

58. The town council shall meet at twelve of the clock noon (or at any other hour that may have been fixed by standing order) on the Friday immediately succeeding the day of each annual election, and at such meeting or any adjournment thereof fill up by election all vacancies that may then exist in the offices of provost and bailie. The returning officer, or in case of his absence one of the bailies, iD the order of seniority, or failing any bailie, one of the councillors to be appointed by the meeting, shall preside at the said meeting, and shall have a casting vote in case of equality. Where more than one bailie is elected at the same time the council shall determine the order of seniority.

59. In the event of the council failing to meet on the said day or to fill up any of the said vacancies at said meeting, or any adjournment thereof, it shall be lawful to them to fill up the said vacancies at any subsequent meeting to be duly called, hut in the event of their failing to hold such meeting and make such election within the month of November in any year, it shall be law 11 for the sheriff to appoint, and he shall on the application of any four electors of the burgh appoint, councillors to fill any vacancies in the said offices, or in the event of none of the councillors being willing to accept office, appoint such persons thereto from among the electors as he shall deem proper, and the persons so appointed from the electors shall be councillors of the burgh, but their term of office shall terminate at the next annual election, and they shall not be reckoned as part of the number to retire at such election, nor shall their appointment in any way interfere with the ordinary rotation of retiral of the other councillors.

Election of provost and bailies.

Bailie to hold office till expiry of term as a councillor.

Meeting for

electing

magistrates.

Failing to hold meeting on statutory day.

126

Ch. 49.

Town Council's(Scotland) A1900. 63 & 64 Vict.

First meeting in new burghs.

Acting chief magistrate in absence of provost.

Appointment of councillors to act as judges of police.

Resignation of magistrate.

Casual vacancies among magistrates.

60. In the case of burghs formed after the commencement of this Act, the council first elected shall hold their first meeting at twelve of the clock noon on the first Friday after the first election, and the sheriff, or any person appointed by him, shall preside at the said meeting, and have a casting vote in case of equality, and the magistrates shall be elected at such meeting.

61. In the event of the provost being prevented at any time from fulfilling, or failing to fulfil, any of the duties of his office under this Act or the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, on account of illness, absence from home, or from attendance at any meeting or any other cause, such duty may be performed by the senior bailie, or in the event of his being prevented from fulfilling it from any such cause by the next senior bailie, and so on through the whole number of bailies.

62. The town council may at any time appoint any of their number who have held the office of provost, bailie, or magistrate to sit as magistrates in the police courts of the burgh for such time as they continue to be members of the town council without re-election; and during such time any person so appointed and sitting may lawfully exercise all jurisdictions, powers, and authorities competent to or exerciseable by any other magistrate of the burgh sitting in such court.

63. Any magistrate may resign office at any time on giving three weeks' notice, in writing, of his resignation to the town clerk, and his resignation shall take effect on the expiry of the said three weeks. Any magistrate resigning his office as a councillor, or ceasing for any reason to hold the office of councillor, shall be ipso facto held to vacate his office of magistrate at the same date as his office of councillor, but the resignation of office as a magistrate shall not infer resignation as a councillor. For the purposes of this section and the following section the word "magistrate" shall include any councillor appointed to the office of honorary treasurer.

64. In the event of any vacancy in the office of magistrate occurring from any other cause than retirement in ordinary rotation, the vacancy so occurring shall be filled up by the town council at a meeting of which notices stating that the matter is to be then dealt with shall be sent out by the town clerk within three weeks of the occurrence of such vacancy, and which shall be held not sooner than five days and not later than ten days from the date of such notice, or at any adjournment of said meeting, and the person elected shall hold office for the same period and subject to the same conditions as if he had been elected in terms of section fifty-eight hereof; provided that it shall not be competent for the council to elect to the said office any councillor elected ad interim under section thirty-six hereof, during the period of his interim appointment, and further that in the event of such a vacancy occurring in the office of provost or honorary treasurer it shall be competent to make an interim appointment to endure only until the first Tuesday of November thereafter.

1900.

Town Councils (Scotland) Act, 1900. Ch. 49.

127

65. No irregularity or nullity in the election of any councillor Irregularity or magistrate shall in any case annul or affect the election of any not

other councillor or magistrate, and all proceedings of the town election of council or magistrates shall be valid, notwithstanding any vacancy other counin their number or the vote or presence of any councillor or magis- ciUo" titrate against whose election or qualification any objection may magI8 ra e8’ exist; and the actings of a councillor or magistrate prior to his election being set aside or found null, or his disqualification determined or office declared vacant, shall be equally valid and effectual as if such councillor or magistrate had been duly elected and not been disqualified.

66. Where any burgh shall from any cause be at any time with- Election where out a legal council, any seven electors of such burgh, or any seven persons possessing the qualifications entitling them to be placed ega on the municipal register, may present a petition to the sheriff requesting him to conduct an election of a council, and thereupon the sheriff shall proceed with an election in the manner, or as nearly as may be in the manner, provided by sections twenty-five and twenty-six of the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, and by the provisions of this Act relating to the conduct of elections; provided that, where a municipal register exists in such burgh, the same shall come in place of the list of householders referred to in the first-cited section, and the electors shall be those specified in section twenty-three hereof; and, where no municipal register exists, the right of voting at said election shall be in the householders whose names are in the said list; and provided further, that the number of magistrates and council to be elected in such burgh shall be in accordance with the provisions of section ten hereof.

67. The whole expense of making up and printing the municipal Expense of register and in connexion with the election of councillors and makl.n£ magistrates shall be defrayed either from the common good of the JJ^Ster, &c. burgh, the assessment imposed or levied in the burgh under the provisions of the Registration Acts, or any assessment levied under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, or any local Act, all as the council may determine, and the said expenses may be divided and apportioned among the said common good and assessments as the council think proper.

Minutes and Proceedings of.

68. Meetings of the council shall be held at such times and at Meetings of such places as may be fixed by them from time to time, and as may C0UDciI. be fixed by this or any other Act. All the councillors shall be

cited to attend all meetings, such citation being given personally, or at their dwelling-houses or places of business, by notice issued by the town clerk and posted or delivered at least twenty-four hours before the time of meeting, which notice shall specify, or be accompanied by a paper of agenda specifying, so far as known to the town clerk, the business to be considered at the meeting.

69. The town clerk shall issue, without further authority, the Special notices for all meetings appointed to be held by statute or by mectin< *

128

Ch. 49.

Town Councils (Scotland) Act, 1900. 63 & 64 Vict.

Special

urgency.

Quorum.

Adjournment.

Chairman of meetings.

Committees.

Omission to send notice not to invalidate proceedings.

the standing orders of the council. The town clerk shall, when required in writing by the provost or acting chief magistrate, or on requisition being made to him stating in writing the object of the intended meeting, and signed by not less than one-fifth of the whole members of the council, cause special meetings to be called, the notices for which shall be issued within twenty-four hours, and which shall be held within four days after receipt of such requisition.

70. In any case which appears to the provost or acting chief magistrate to demand special urgency, he may require the town clerk to call, and the town clerk shall thereupon call, a special meeting, to be held at a time less than twenty-four hours from the issue of the notices, provided that the resolutions of such meeting shall not be valid and binding on the council, unless either a majority of the whole council is present, or they are confirmed by a subsequent meeting called in manner provided by section sixty-eight hereof.

71. One-third of the town council shall constitute a quorum at any meeting thereof.

72. The town council may adjourn any meeting to any other day, hour, and place.

73. The provost or acting chief magistrate, and failing all the magistrates such one of the council as shall be chosen by the meeting, shall preside at meetings of the council, and the preses of the meeting shall have both a deliberative and, in case of equality, a casting vote, in all matters which come before it.

74. The council shall have power to form committees of their number, either with directions to report to the council, or for carrying out the matters remitted to them, and to delegate to such committees, in whole or in part, the powers, not being powers to raise money by rate or loan, or powers the delegation whereof is expressly prohibited by any statute, competent to the council with regard to the subject which may be remitted, to name the convener and sub-convener, and to fix the numbers of such committees which shall form a quorum, and, if they see fit, to allow any committee to appoint sub-committees with powers; and the convener or sub-convener, or in his absence a member to be elected by the committee for the time, shall preside at all meetings of a committee, and shall be entitled to both a deliberative and, in case of equality, a casting vote. All meetings of committees shall be convened by the town clerk in manner aforesaid, on the instructions of the convener, or in such manner and on such instructions as the council may appoint.

75. No act or proceeding of a town council or committee shall be invalidated in consequence of the omission to send the notice of the meeting to any councillor or of the informality of such notice, andnn any case the proceedings of any informally convened meeting shall be validated by confirmation at a subsequent meeting duly called.

1900.

Town Councils (Scotland) Act, 1900. Ch. 49.

129

76. Minute books shall be kept by the town clerk containing a Minute books, record of the proceedings and orders of the council and their committees. Where not otherwise provided by local Act or standing order of the council, all minutes of meetings of council, when prepared by the clerk, shall be submitted to the next ensuing meeting, and after being read and approved shall be signed by the chairman of the latter meeting. All minutes of meetings of committees may be signed by the chairman of such meeting, or by the chairman of any subsequent meeting of the same committee to which the same may be submitted for approval.

77. The council may from time to time enact such standing Standing orders as they may consider necessary or expedient for the regulation orderfl-of their business, and repeal, alter, and amend the same. The council may by standing order provide for the closure of debate, and for the suspension by resolution of the council for the remainder of the sitting of any councillor disregarding the authority of the chairman of any meeting, or being guilty of obstructive or offensive conduct at any meeting.

Officers of Council.

78. The council shall from time to time appoint a fit person to Appointment be the town clerk of the burgh. In the case of any burgh where the office of town clerk is regulated by local Act, the tenure of office shall be in accordance with the provisions of such Act, and in the case of royal burghs and parliamentary burghs where the same is not so regulated, the tenure of office shall be the same as the tenure of the office of town clerk in such burghs respectively according to the existing law. In the case of all other burghs the tenure shall be during the pleasure of the town council; provided that in such case the town clerk shall not be removed from office except by a vote of not less than two-thirds of- those members of the town council who shall be present at a meeting of the town council specially called for the purpose, by a circular addressed to the members of the town council not less than seven nor more than fourteen days before such meeting. In addition to any other duties that may be prescribed by or fall within the terms of his appointment, or may devolve by law upon him, the town clerk shall perform the following duties: —

(1.) He shall have the charge and custody of, and be responsible for, the charters, deeds, records, and documents of the burgh, and they shall be kept as the council direct;

(2.) He shall keep the records of the proceedings of the council and their committees;

(3.) He shall prepare and issue all such notices as the council may require to issue in the conduct of their business, or as may be required in the conduct of any election;

(4.) He shall perform all the duties laid upon the clerk to the commissioners under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, or under any other Act conferring powers or imposing duties on the council.

I

130

Ch. 49.

Tovon Councils (Scotland) A, 1900. 63 & 64 Vict.

In police burghs the existing clerk to the commissioners shall become the town clerk, and shall hold office on his existing tenure until a town clerk is appointed under this Act. During any vacancy in the office of town clerk any duty of the town clerk may be performed by any depute who may have been appointed by the last holder of the office, and all intimations required to be made to the town clerk may be made to such depute; and, failing such depute, any duty of the town clerk in relation to the issue of notices for meetings of the council or the conduct of any election may be performed by, and all such intimations may be made to, the provost or acting chief magistrate. It shall further be in the power of the town council in case of any vacancy to make an interim appointment to the office of town clerk, to endure until the appointment of a successor, and during the period of such interim appointment all things required or authorised by law to be done by or to the town clerk may be done by or to the person so appointed.

Remuneration 79. If in consequence of the passing of this Act any duties are Suti«fltt0n*1 imPosed upon the town clerk in addition to those which he was bound to perform prior thereto, the council may pay to him such additional remuneration therefor as they may think proper.

80. The town clerk may appoint one or more persons approved of by the town council to act as his depute, and all things required or authorised by law to be done by or to the town clerk may be done by or to any depute town clerk so appointed.

Town clerk 81. No town clerk, depute town clerk, or partner of or person ^pdice^urt. *Q ^ie employment of such town clerk or depute town clerk, shall act as agent or solicitor in the trial of any offence in any police court of the burgh, and in the event of a contravention of this provision such clerk shall be thenceforth disqualified from holding any office under the town council and from being a councillor, but the disqualification may be removed on the recommendation of the town council by order under the hand of the Secretary for Scotland.

Rights of 82. Nothing herein contained shall affect the rights of the

present officers holder as at the passing of this Act of the office of town clerk or of any other office under the town council or commissioners, and such holder if still in office at the commencement of this Act shall continue after the commencement of this Act to fulfil the duties of his office until his tenure thereof is legally terminated. For the purposes of this section the clerk to the commissioners of a police burgh shall be deemed to be the holder of the office of town clerk in such burgh.

Existing clerks 83. Where in any burgh the duty of clerk, treasurer, or collector &C to town council, as commissioners under the Burgh Police mained. (Scotland) Act, 1892, or any other local or general Act conferring powers or imposing duties on the council, is performed, immediately prior to the commencement of this Act, by an officer other than the town clerk, treasurer, or chamberlain, the town council may, notwithstanding anything herein contained, so long as they shall

Town clerk depute.

1900.

Town Councils (Scotland) Act, 1900. Ch. 49.

131

consider it expedient to do bo, continue him in his post, and so long as the town council shall resolve so to continue him, the duties in relation to the Burgh Police Act, or such other Act as aforesaid, imposed upon the town clerk, treasurer, or collector, shall continue to be performed by the said officer, who shall in relation to such duties possess all the powers hereby conferred upon the town clerk, treasurer or collector, and the council may pay to such officer such remuneration as they may think proper.

84. The council shall from time to time appoint fit persons to Treasurer and be the treasurer and the collector of the burgh, to act during their collector. pleasure, and such treasurer and collector, before entering upon

office, shall respectively grant bond with sufficient surety to the council for their intromissions, and for the just and faithful execution of their office, to such an amount as the council shall think reasonable, and any treasurer or collector who may be convicted of wilfully secreting or not accounting to the council for any sum of money received by him, as treasurer or collector, shall forfeit triple the amount thereof to the council, besides being liable to be punished according to law, and to be deprived of his office.

The town council may confer the title of chamberlain, or such other title as they may resolve upon the said treasurer.

85. The treasurer or collector shall be obliged to lodge all money Treasurer or received by him in a chartered or other bank, or in one of the ?°jlector to branches of such bank in the burgh, to be fixed by the council, in bank.°De^ upon an account to be opened in the name of the council in their corporate name, and to be operated upon by the treasurer or collector respectively, with the counter signature of one or more councillors as the council shall from time to time appoint. The council may from time to time make regulations for the manner

of keeping or operating upon such bank accounts as they think proper.

86. The council may appoint the same person to be both Clerk and treasurer and collector, but (saving the cases of persons appointed

to and exercising the joint offices prior to the passing of this Act, person, and saving also as after mentioned) shall not appoint the town clerk, or his partner, or any person in the service or employ of such clerk or of his partner, to be the treasurer, or appoint the treasurer or collector, or his partner, or any person in the service or employ of such treasurer or collector or his partner, to be town clerk, and any appointment made in contravention of this section shall be null and void.

87. In the case of any burgh having not more than five thousand Town clerk inhabitants at the date of the census immediately preceding any may b . election of town clerk or treasurer or collector, it shall be lawful

for the town council at such election to appoint the town clerk 5,000. to be treasurer or collector during the pleasure of the council.

88. In case any treasurer or collector shall become insolvent, Defalcations and the sums chargeable against him shall not have been paid by Sector his cautioner or sureties, the amount deficient shall be chargeable bow to be against the common good of the burgh, or against such of the chargeable.

132

Ch. 49.

Town Councils (Scotland) Act, 1900. 63 & 64 Vict.

Other officers.

Honorary

treasurer.

Books of account.

Yearly

account to be made out.

Account to exhibit a complete state of affairs.

assessments levied or funds managed by the council as the council may determine.

89. The council shall from time to time appoint such other salaried officers as are directed by commoD law or statute to be appointed, or as the council think necessary. The council may, in the case of all officers appointed by them, require such officer to give such security as they think proper for the due execution of his office. The council shall allow to their officers such remuneration as they think reasonable.

90. Where under statute or the set or usage of any burgh it has, prior to the passing of this Act, been the custom to appoint a councillor to the office of honorary treasurer, the council may continue to make such an appointment, and the honorary treasurer so appointed may exercise, subject to the direction of the council, a general superintendence over the actings of the salaried treasurer appointed under this Act, and may be appointed convener of any finance committee appointed by the council. The councillor so appointed shall, if the council so decide, have the same right of holding office for three years, and of being held to have been the shortest time in office as a councillor, as is herein-before conferred on the provost.

Accounts and Corporate Property.

91. Accounts of all property, heritable and movable, vested in the council, showing the nature of such property, and of all rates or assessments levied, and of all money received and expended by or on account of the council, shall be kept in books by the treasurer.

92. The council shall yearly cause to be made out a just and accurate account of all the moneys received and expended by them on account of the common good and revenue of the burgh, and on account of any rates or assessments levied or collected, or money realised, received, or borrowed by them under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, or any other Act under which they are authorised to levy assessments or uplift or borrow money, for the year ending on the fifteenth day of May immediately preceding, showing from what sources such moneys have been received, and to what purposes the same have been laid out and applied.

93. The said account shall be so made out as to exhibit a complete state, showing the common good and all other assets, and also the liabilities of the burgh, and the action taken during the year with a view to the extinction of such liabilities by way of payment of instalments or annuities, contributions to sinking fund, or otherwise, classed under different heads; also the amount of each branch of revenue and assessment, distinguishing how much thereof shall have been received and how much thereof shall be in arrear or remaining unpaid at the date of such account; also the amount of all sums received or loans contracted for, annuities granted, and sums received in consideration thereof, or on sale or alienation of property, distinguishing the same from the ordinary revenue, and also showing every sum paid and every

1900.

Town Councils (Scotland) Act, 1900. Ch. 49.

133

sum remaining unpaid for or by reason of any expense incurred during the year for which such account shall be so made out, distinguishing the fixed or ordinary from the casual or incidental expenditure, and also showing all cautionary obligations, positive or conditional, incurred by or on account of the burgh, distinguishing such as shall have been incurred during the year.

94. The Secretary for Scotland shall annually appoint an auditor Appointment for the purpose of auditing the accounts of the burgh, and in case of auditor, of dispute shall on the application of either party fix the fee to be paid to such auditor, and in case the office of such auditor shall, before such accounts are audited by him, become vacant by death, or from any other cause, shall subject to the like incidents appoint an auditor to supply such vacancy.

95. The council shall deliver to the auditor, as soon as may be Account *, after the said fifteenth day of May annually, all the accounts, &c:t0J-J together with their books and vouchers; and it shall be the duty of auditor. to the auditor to audit such accounts, and either make a special report thereon in any case where it appears to him expedient so to do or simply confirm the same, provided that the auditor shall make a special report in every case where he is of opinion that any statutory

or other requirement with respect to the repayment or extinction of debt has not been observed, or that any debt is not being duly repaid.

96. The yearly account, as the same shall have been audited, Account to be shall be laid before a meeting of council, to be held not later than

the month of September in each year, and the auditor’s confirmation ^aocii or special report shall be read at such meeting and the account shall, if and as approved by the council, be signed by the preses of such meeting and the town clerk, and shall be deposited with the town clerk, and the council shall forthwith cause such account or an abstract thereof, together with the auditor's confirmation or special report thereon, to be printed, and shall permit any person assessed, or any elector, to inspect and examine such account at all reasonable times, without payment of any fee or reward for such inspection, and shall forthwith transmit to the Secretary for Scotland, and shall also on the demand of any person assessed or elector, on payment of such sum as the council with the approval of the Secretary for Scotland may fix, deliver to such person or elector a copy of such account or abstract and report as printed.

The Secretary for Scotland is hereby empowered to prescribe a form of abstract of the said account, and if and after he has prescribed such form an abstract of the said account shall be made and printed in the prescribed form and shall come in place of the abstract in this section mentioned, and if the Secretary for Scotland so determine shall also come in place of and render unnecessary a return of the receipts and expenditure of the town council in pursuance of the Local Taxation Returns (Scotland) Act, 1881. 44 & 45 vict *

Any ratepayer or elector who shall be dis-satisfied with any such c* account or any item therein may complain against the same by petition to the sheriff specifying the grounds of objection and the sheriff shall hear and determine the matter of complaint, and his

134

Ch. 49.

Town Councils (Scotland) Act, 1900. 63 & 64 Vict.

Accounts of charity under management of town council.

All alienations of heritable property to be oy public roup.

No debt to be contracted, unless by resolution of council or committee.

Election of trustees under certain Acts, charters, &c.

decision shall be subject to the same right of appeal as in ordinary actions in the sheriff court. Provided always that it shall not be competent to petition the sheriff after the lapse of three months from the date of the meeting aforesaid.

97. Where the town council or magistrates or any number of them are the sole trustees for any charity, foundation or mortification, then, and in every such case, accounts relative to the same shall be kept distinct from the accounts relative to the common good, revenues, and assessments of the burgh, and the council shall yearly cause to be made out an account relative to such charity* foundation or mortification, and all the provisions herein contained relative to the preparation, submission to the council, and audit of the accounts relating to the common good and assessments of the burgh, shall be applicable to the accounts of the said charity, foundation or mortification.

98. The town council shall cause all feus, alienations, or tacks for more than five years, of any heritable property of the burgh, or vested in the council, so far as forming part of the common good* to proceed by public roup, of which public notice shall be given by advertisement published once weekly for at least three weeks immediately preceding the day of roup, in a newspaper or newspapers circulating in the burgh, and all such feus, alienations, leases, or tacks made otherwise than as herein directed shall be void and null. A certificate by the publisher of such newspaper of the appearing of the said advertisement shall be sufficient evidence of such publication and of the date thereof.

99. It shall not be lawful for the council of any burgh to contract any debt, grant any obligation, make any agreement, or enter into any engagement, which shall have the effect of binding them or their successors in office, unless a resolution of council or of a committee duly authorised to pass such resolution shall have been previously made in that behalf, or unless the same has been authorised by some person authorised by standing order of the council to do so, and any such contract, obligation, agreement, or engagement, made or entered into without such authority shall be void and null as against the common good, property, and assessments of the burgh or the succeeding council thereof, without prejudice nevertheless to the personal liability and responsibility of the persons by whom the same may have been made or entered into.

Miscellaneous.

100. Where any trust, management, or direction is, by the terms of any public cr local Act, or of any charter or deed of foundation or other deed, conferred or imposed on any members of a council either under the denomination of old provost, old bailie, old dean of guild, or of merchants or trades bailies, or merchants or trades councillors respectively, the town council shall* from time to time, nominate and elect from their own body such a number of persons to be such trustees, managers, or directors, as are by such Acts, charters, or deedB appointed to those offices under the said denominations, and the whole powers and functions

1900.

Town Councils (Scotland) Act, 1900. Ch. 49.

135

belonging to the said offices of trustees, managers, or directors, shall belong to aod be as fully vested in the persons so elected as if they had possessed the denominations used in the said Acts, charters, or deeds.

101. Nothing herein contained shall be held or construed to Right of

impair the right of any craft, trade, convenery of trades, or guildry, of

or merchants house or trades house, or other such corporation, cozener &c. severally to elect their own deacons or deacon convener, or dean of reserved.’ guild or directors, or other lawful officers, for the management of

the affairs of such craft, trades, conveneries of trades, or guildries, merchants or trades houses, or other such corporations; but, on the contrary, the said several bodies, shall be in all cases entitled to the free election, in such form as shall be regulated by them, of the said several office bearers, and other necessary officers for the management of their affairs, without any interference or control whatsoever on the part of the town council or any member thereof.

102. The persons elected, or to be elected, to the offices of dean of Dean of guild and deacon convener or cor^vener of trades, by the convenery

and guild brethren respectively in the city of Edinburgh, and to convener, &c. the offices of dean of guild and deacon convener by the merchants of certain house and trades house respectively in the city of Glasgow, shall, in virtue of their said elections by the said guild brethren, council, &c. convenery, merchants house, and trades house respectively, be constituent members of the town councils of the said cities, and shall enjoy all the powers and perform all the functions now enjoyed or performed by such office bearers in these cities; and in like manner the persons elected, or to be elected, to the offices of deans . of guild by the several guildries of the cities of Aberdeen, Dundee, and Perth shall, in virtue of such their elections, be constituent members of the town councils of the said cities respectively, and shall as such enjoy all the powers and perform all the functions now exercised or enjoyed by the existing deans of guild in the said cities respectively; but the provisions hereof as to qualification, retirement, and election of councillors shall not be applicable to such persons, and in computing the number of councillors, or the number to retire, the said persons shall not be reckoned as councillors. Nothing in this Act shall affect the existing rights, powers, and jurisdiction of any dean of guild, or dean of guild court in any burgh, and in any burgh where under the existing law it has been the custom of the town council to appoint a councillor to perform the duties and functions formerly performed by the dean of guild in such council, or in any dean of guild «ourt of such burgh, the council may continue to make such an appointment, and the whole provisions of this Act relating to the appointment, tenure, vacating office, and supply of vacancies applicable to a bailie shall be applicable to the councillor so appointed.

103. Notwithstanding anything herein contained, the councils of Councils of the burghs of Anstruther Wester, Earlsfsrry, Lauder, and North Berwick, shall, unless and until altered under section eleven hereof, Earisferry

136

Ch. 49.

Town Councils (Scotland) Act, 1900. 63 & 64 Vict.

Lauder, and

North

Berwick.

Trusts vested in deacons. Sec.

Admission of burgesses by minnte of

council.

Qualification of burgesses.

consist of nine members, including the magistrates, and the magistrates of said burghs shall, unless and until altered as aforesaid, consist of a provost and two bailies.

104. Where any trust, management, or direction of any charitable or other institutions is vested in any number of deacons, or in a deacon convener, or convener of trades, or in any dean of guild, or other office bearers elected, or hereafter to be elected, by the several crafts, trades, guildries, or merchants or trades houses, then and in all such cases the persons so elected as such deacons, conveners, deans of guild, or other officers, shall always be and continue trustees and managers of such charities or institutions, whether such persons shall hereafter be members of council or not; and the town councils shall in no such case have power to elect from their own body any other trustees or managers in place of such deacons, conveners, deans of guild, or other officers: Provided always, that in any burgh in which trades councillors or merchant councillors are or may be ex-officio trustees or directors of any such institutions or charities, the convenery or trades house and the guildiy or merchants house in such burghs shall elect an equal number from their own bodies respectively to be such trustees or directors, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

105. It shall be lawful for the magistrates and council of any royal burgh, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, to admit any elector in the burgh to the status of a burgess thereof, and that by a minute of the council thereof, and on payment of such entry money, not exceeding in any case the sum of one pound, as the council of the burgh may from time to time fix, which entry money shall be accounted part of the common good of the burgh and be applied accordingly: Provided always that such admission by minute of council shall not, per se, be held to give or imply any right or title to or interest in the properties, funds, or revenues of any of the guilds, crafts, or incorporations of the burgh, or any mortification or benefactions for behoof of the burgesses of such guilds, crafts, or incorporations, or of their families, or any right of management thereof, or any membership in any of the said guilds, crafts, or incorporations.

106. Every person in Scotland of full age, liable to be rated for the relief of the poor, who at the term of Whitsunday one thousand nine hundred, or any succeeding term of Whitsunday in any year, shall have occupied any house, warehouse, counting-house, shop, or other building, within any burgh in which there are burgesses, during the whole of that year and the whole of the two preceding years, and who, during the time of such occupation, shall have been an inhabitant householder within the said burgh, and who shall have been rated in respect of such premises so occupied within the burgh to all rates made for relief of the poor of the parish wherein such premises are situated during the time of his occupation as aforesaid, and who shall have paid, on or before the laBt term of Whitsunday as aforesaid, all such rates,

1900.

Town Councils (Scotland) Act, 1900. Ch. 49.

137

together with all burgh rates, if any, as shall have become payable in respect of such premises, except such as shall have become payable within six calendar months next before the said last term of Whitsunday, shall be, subject to the conditions herein-after contained, a burgess of such burgh, so long as such person shall occupy premises, and be rated and pay rates in manner aforesaid within the same: Provided that the premises in respect of the occupation of which any person shall have been so rated need not be the same premises or in the same parish, but may be different premises in the same parish or different parishes: Provided also that no person being an alien, and no person who, within twelve calendar months next before the last term of Whitsunday, shall have received parochial relief or any pension or charitable allowance from the town council revenues of such burgh, or from any corporate body within the same, shall by virtue of this Act be held to be a burgess of such burgh so long as he continues to receive such pension or charitable allowance:Provided further that no person shall be disqualified from being a burgess as aforesaid by reason that any child of such person shall have been admitted and taught within any endowed school.

107. Nothing herein contained shall interfere with any existing law or legal usage by which burgesses are created or admitted in any burgh, or give or imply any right or title to or interest in any merchants house or trades house, or any patrimonial lands, common or other properties, funds, or revenues, of any of the guilds, burgesses of guild, crafts, or incorporations of the burgh, or to or in any burgess acres, or any grazing rights connected therewith, or any mortifications or benefactions for behoof of the members of such guild, burgesses of guilds, crafts, or incorporations, or of their families, or any right or management thereof, or any membership in aoy of the said guilds, burgesses of guild, crafts, or incorporations, or of such burgess aqyes: Provided that the widows and children of burgesses admitted under this Act, or any of the Acts hereby repealed, and who may die during the period of their burgess-ship, shall have and enjoy all the rights and privileges which the widows and children of burgesses created or admitted in any other manner now enjoy by the law and practice of Scotland.

108. In the event of the magistrates and council of any burgh entitled to do so resolving, in terms of the Act passed in the thirty-third and thirty-fourth years of the reign of Her Majesty, chapter forty-two, to abolish any petty customs and duties, and in lieu thereof to levy, by way of assessment, a rate or rates, not exceeding the rate or rates mentioned in the said Act, calculated to yield in the whole in the year an amount equal to the nett yearly amount of such petty customs, it shall be lawful to calculate such nett yearly amount with reference to the produce of the petty customs or duties levied in such burgh in the year ending Whitsunday one thousand eight hundred and seventy-six.

Saving of existing lavs and usages as to admission of burgesses.

Bate in lieu of petty customs.

138

Cf. 40.

Town Councils (Scotland) Act, 1900. 63 & 64 Vict.

Power to certain burghs to declare sections of Act inapplicable to them.

Boundaries of royal burghs for purposes of the Valuation Acts.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 91.

Notice to Board of Agriculture. 55 & 66 Vict. c. 55.

Special provisions for city and royal burgh of Edinburgh.

Application to court in cases of difficulty.

109. Notwithstanding anything in this Act contained it shall be in the power of the town council of any of the burghs mentioned in Schedule II. of the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, by a resolution passed at any time within twelve months after the passing of this Act, to declare that any sections or subsections of this Act relating to the constitution and government of burghs, the minutes and proceedings of council, the officers of council, and accounts and corporate property, specified in such resolution, shall not be applicable to such burgh, and that in lieu thereof the corresponding sections or subsections (if any) of an Act or Acts applying to such burgh repealed by this Act, which sections or subsections shall be specified in the resolution, shall, notwithstanding such repeal, remain in force or revive within the burgh. Any resolution passed under this section shall be transmitted to the Secretary for Scotland, and published in the Edinburgh Gazette, and from and after such publication the resolution shall have effect as if it were enacted in this Act.

110. Where the boundaries of a royal burgh which does not return, or contribute to return, a member or members to Parliament, as determined under and for the purposes of the Lands Valuation (Scotland) Act, 1854, and any Acts amending the same, differ from the boundaries thereof for police purposes, the boundaries of the said royal burgh for police purposes shall, on and after the fifteenth day of May one thousand nine hundred and one, be also the boundaries thereof under and for the purposes of the Valuation Acts.

111. Where the boundary of a burgh or of a ward is fixed for the firet time or altered under the provisions of the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, or this or any other Act, the council shall, as soon as may be after the boundary is fixed or altered, obtain and send to the Board of Agriculture copies of the deliverance or order fixing or altering the boundary, and of any plan therein referred to, certified by the sheriff clerk or sheriff clerk depute.

112. With regard to the city and royal burgh of Edinburgh the following provision shall have effect: —

Until such a re-arrangement of the wards is effected as shall make the boundary of the wards for parliamentary purposes coincide with those for municipal purposes, the operation of section twenty-four shall be suspended and a separate municipal register of voters shall be made up by the assessor, with regard to which the same procedure shall be followed as is by the Registration Acts appointed to be followed with regard to the preparation, printing, publication, appeal, revision, completion, authentication, and otherwise of the register of parliamentary voters for burghs, and the distinctive marks by this Act directed to be placed on the parliamentary register shall be placed upon the said municipal register.

113. Wherever it has, from a failure to observe any of the provisions of this Act or any other Act, or from any other cause, become impossible to proceed with the execution of this Act or any

1900.

Town Councils (Scotland) 1900. Ch. 49.

139

part thereof, or wherever difficulty or dubeity exists as to the procedure to be followed in any case, or where any case arises in connexion with the election of councillors or magistrates not provided for by this Act, it shall be lawful for the town council, or any seven electors or householders within the burgh, or for the returning officer at any election, or the town clerk, to present a petition in manner provided by section seventeen of the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, and the same procedure shall follow upon said petition, and the court to whom the same is presented shall have the same powers, as is provided by the said section in regard to applications presented thereunder.

114. Where any application under this Act falling to be made Applications to the sheriff is dealt with in the first instance by the sheriff- to the Sheriff* substitute, there shall be an appeal to the sheriff, but, subject

thereto, the decision of the sheriff or sheriff-substitute shall in all cases (except where otherwise provided) be final. Where a burgh is situated in more counties than one, any application under this Act shall be presented to the sheriffs of the counties in which the burgh is situated, and shall be dealt with in manner provided by the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, with regard to applications under that Act presented to two or more sheriffs, and in the event of the sheriffs differing in opinion the matter shall be dealt with in manner provided by that Act. All deliverances pronounced by any sheriff or sheriffs or the Court of Session under this Act shall be recorded in the sheriff court books of the county, and in the books, if any, of the burgh to which they apply.

115. No misnomer, inaccurate description of any person or place, Misnomers, omission, mistake, or informality, in any writing made in, or as &e- not to nearly as may be in, the form of any schedule to this Act annexed, *f procee^ngn. or in any list, register, or notice, or other writing, made under the authority of this Act, shall in any way prevent or abridge the operation of this Act, or the validity of any election or other proceeding thereunder, provided that any person or place mentioned

shall be so designated as to be commonly understood, and such omission, mistake, or informality, be not such as to defeat the object of such writing, or cause substantial injustice to any person affected thereby.

110. Nothing in this Act contained shall affect the rights, powers, Saving for or authorities of any county council or district committee of a rights of county council or local authority of a county Or a district of a authorities, county under the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897; or prejudice 60 & 61 Vict, the provisions of subsections one and two of section eighty-one of u* 88< the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889, as amended by section forty-four of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1894.

117. Nothing in this Act contained shall supersede, prejudice, Saving of or affect the provisions of any local Act applicable to any burgh, j£°al Acts» or the forms of prosecutions and procedure in use therein under c* such Act.

140

Ch. 49.

Town Councils (Scotland), 1900. 63 & 64 Vict.

Section S.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE I.

Enactments Repealed.

Session and Chapter. Title of Act. Extent of Repeal.

i 3 Geo. 4. c. 91. An Act for regnl&ting the mode of accounting for the common good and revenues of the Royal burghs of Scotland. The whole Act.

3 A 4 Will. 4. o. 76. I I An Act to alter and amend the laws for the election of i magistrates and councils of the Royal burghs in Scotland. The whole Act.

3*4 Will. 4. o. 77. An Act to provide for the appointment and election of magistrates and councillors for the several burghs and towns of Scotland which are now returning or contributing to return members to Parliament, and are not Royal burghs. The whole Act.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 32. An Act to alter and amend certain provisions in the laws relating to the number and election of magistrates and councillors in the burghs in Scotland. The whole Act.

19 & 20 Vict c. 58. An Act to amend the law for the registration of persons entitled to vote in the election of members to serve in Parliament for burghs in Scotland. Section 32.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 47. An Act to amend the law relative to the legal qualifications of councillors, and the admission of burgesses in Royal burghs in Scotland. The whole Act.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 36. An Act to amend the Boundaries of Burghs Extension (Scotland) Act. The whole Act.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 108. The Municipal Elections Amendment (Scotland) Act. 1868. The whole Act.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 92. The Municipal Elections Amendment (Scotland) Act, 1870. The whole Act.

1900.

Town Councils (Scotland) Act, 1900. Ch. 49.

141

Session and Chapter. Title of Act. Extent of Repeal.

36 & 36 Vict. 0.33. The Ballot Act, 1872 Subsection (2) of section twenty-two.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 12. An Act to assimilate the law of Scotland to that of England respecting the creation of burgesses. The whole Act.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 26. An Act to amend the law of Scotland in regard 4o the division of burghs into wards. The whole Act.

44 & 46 Vict. c. 13. The Municipal Elections Amendment (Scotland) Act, 1881. The whole Act.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 9. The Municipal Voters Belief Act, 1886. The whole Act as regards Scotland.

65 & 66 Vict. c. 66. The Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Section eleven, from the words "and where not divided, " to the word "rearrangement, " and the words "and wards" wherever they occur; section thirteen, the words "or of the wards of a burgh "; section fourteen; section twenty-four; section twenty-six, the word "herein-after " where first occurring, and from the words "and he shall preside" to end of section; sections twenty-eight to forty-one inclusive; section forty-four, sections fifty to fifty-four inclusive; section fifty-five, subsection (2); sections sixty-one to seventy-two inclusive; Schedule IX., Schedule X.

57 & 68 Vict. c. 18. The Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, Amendment Act, 1894. The whole Act.

57 & 68 Vict. c. 68. The Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1894. The words " or municipal " and "municipal" where they occur in section eleven; subsection six of section thirteen; and in section fifteen, the words " and burgh oom- missioners for town " council or town councillors."

142

Ch. 49.

Town Councils (Scotland) Act, 1900. 63 & 64 Vict.

Sections 10,

Section 42.

li. SCHEDULE II.

Number of Magistrates and Councillors.

Population of Burgh. Number of Councillors, including Magistrates. Number of Magistrates, including Provost.

Under 10,000 - 9 3

Between 10,000 and 20,000 12 5

Between 20,000 and 50,000 15 5

Between 50,000 and 100,000 18 7 .

Between 100,000 and 200,000 - 36 9

Between 200,000 and 500,000 75 12

500,000 and upwards ... 90 15

The sheriff may, where the population is less than 20,000, fix the number of councillors at 12 or 15, and where the population is between 50,000 and 100,000, at 21 or 24, if he thinks fit so to do.

SCHEDULE III

Forms of Notice of Election.

(1.) Form applicable to a Burgh not divided into

Burgh of

Municipal election, 19

In terms of the Town Councils (Scotland) Act, 1900, notice is hereby given

1. That the annual election of councillors to supply the vacant places in

the town council of the burgh, will, in the event of there being a poll, take place on Tuesday the day of November next, between the hours of

eight o’clock forenoon and eight o’clock afternoon, at the places following, viz.: —

\Here specify the polling place or places.']

to elect councillors in the place of

[Here mention names of councillors, and cause of

retiral, whether by rotation or as having been elected ad

interim, or otherwise.]

2. That no person can be elected to the office of councillor whose name is not intimated to me before four o’clock afternoon of Tuesday the

day of October current; that all withdrawals of persons nominated must be intimated to me before four o'clock afternoon on Thursday the day of October current, and that all intimations must be delivered at my office situated at [here specify address of office],

3. That every person proposed for election as a councillor must be nominated by a separate nomination paper in the terms of Schedule IV. of the said Act, and every such nomination paper must be signed by two

1900.

Town Councils (Scotl Act, 1900. Ch. 49.

143

electors whose names appear on the municipal register, and must contain an assent thereto, signed by five such electors, and the written consent of the nominee, or a law agent duly authorised by him.

4. That in the event of the number of persons so nominated, and not subsequently withdrawn, not exceeding the number of vacancies, there will be no poll, and the persons so nominated will, on the day appointed for declaring the election, be declared duly elected as councillors.

5. That copies of the municipal register and forms of nomination and withdrawal papers may be had at my office above mentioned, on or after the 21st October current.

A. B.y Town Clerk.

[Date

(2.) Form applicable to a Burgh divided into Wards.

Burgh of

Municipal election, 19

In terms of the Town Councils (Scotland) Act, 1900, notice is hereby given

1. That the annual election of councillors to supply the vacant places in the town council of the burgh will, in the event of there being a poll, take place on Tuesday, the day of November next, between the

hours of eight o’clock forenoon and eight o’clock afternoon, at the places after-mentioned.

First ward.

Polling place — [here specify polling place or places'].

To elect councillors in place of

[Here mention names of councillors, and cause of

retiral, whether by rotation or as having been elected ad interim, or otherwise.]

Second ward.

[. As above, and so on through the whole number of wards.]

2. That no person can be elected to the office of councillor whose name is not intimated to me before four o’clock afternoon of Tuesday the

day of October current; that all withdrawals of persons nominated must be intimated to me before four o’clock afternoon of Thursday the day of October current, and that all intimations must be delivered at my office situated at [here specify address of office].

3. That every person proposed for election as a councillor must be nominated by a separate nomination paper in the terms of Schedule IV. of the said Act, and every such nomination paper must be signed by two electors of the ward to which the same applies, whose names appear on the municipal register, and must contain an assent thereto signed by five such electors, and the written consent of the nominee or a law agent duly authorised by him.

4. That in the event of the number of persons so nominated in any of the warde, and not subsequently withdrawn, not exceeding the number of vacancies, there will be no poll in such ward, and the persons so nominated will, on the day appointed for declaring the election, be declared duly elected as councillors.

5. That copies of the municipal register and forms of nomination and withdrawal papers may be had at my office above mentioned, on or after the 21st October current.

A. B., Town Clerk.

[Date,]

144

Ch* 49.

Tvum Councils (Scotland) Act, 1900. 63 & 64 Vict.

Section 43.

Section 45.

SCHEDULE IV.

Form op Nomination Paper and Assent.

We, A. B.

[here insert name and place of abode and register number as in the municipal register] and C. D.

[here insert name and place of abode and register number as aforesaid], hereby propose and nominate E. F.

[here insert name and place of abode and register number as aforesaid] for election as a councillor [when the burgh is divided into wards add here, — for the ward, — specifying ] at the

next ensuing municipal election in the burgh of [specify burgh].

Given under our hand this [insert d].

A. B.

C. D.

We, the undersigned, being registered municipal electors of the burgh of [when the burgh is divided into wards add here — for the ward, — specifying ward], do hereby assent to the nomination of the said E. F. as councillor, as above mentioned.

G.

LJ.,

K.

M.N.,

0.

I, the nominee for election, consent.

E. F.

To the town clerk of

[Insert place of abode and register number as in municipal register.]

SCHEDULE V.

Form of Withdrawal Paper.

The nomination of E.F.

[here insert name and place of abode and register number of candidate as in the municipal register] for election as a councillor [when the burgh ts divided into wards add — for

ward — specifying ward] at the next ensuing municipal election in the burgh of [specifying burgh] is hereby withdrawn.

Given under our hand, this [insert date].

To the town clerk of

1900

Town Councils (Scotl) Act, 1900. Ch. 49.

145

SCHEDULE VI.

Section 46.

Form op Notice op Candidates Nominated.

Burgh of

In terms of the Town Councils (Scotland) Act, 1900, 1 hereby give notice that I have received intimation that the following persons are proposed for election as councillors in this burgh at the municipal election on Tuesday next.

Ward. Name of Candidate. Place of Abode of Candidate. Names of Proposers. Place of Abode of Proposers. f

I. 1 t 1 i

II.

nr. i 1 i i 1

[/» case of the number of persons nominated not exceeding the vacancies in any burgh or wardJ And I further give notice that in respect the number of persons proposed and not withdrawn for election as councillors in the burgh [or, when the burgh is divided into, in the [

number] ward] does not exceed the number of vacancies to be supplied [when the burgh is divided into wards, add in the said ward], there will be no poll [when the burgh is divided into, add in that ward], and the persons so proposed will, on the day appointed for declaring the election, be declared to be elected councillors of the burgh.

A. B., Town Clerk.

[Date.]

K

140

Ch. 50.

Agi'iculturalHoldings A, 1900. 63 & 64 Vict.

r*S, lg'ht of teoiiut to compensation for improve-meiits.

AG & 47 Vict. «3. Cl.

Settlement of -differences arbitration.

CHAPTER 50.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Agricultural Holdings.

[8th August 1900.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) Where a tenant has made on his holding any improvement comprised in the First Schedule to this Act he shall, subject as in the Agricultural Holdings (England) Act, 1883 (in this Act referred to as the principal Act) and in this Act mentioned, be entitled, at the determination of a tenancy, on quitting his holding to obtain from the landlord as compensation under the said Acts for the improvement such sum as fairly represents the value of the improvement to an incoming tenant. Provided always, that in 'estimating the value of any such improvement there shall not be taken into account, as part of the improvement made by the tenant, what is justly due to the inherent capabilities of the soil.

(2.) References in the principal Act to the First' Schedule to that Act shall be construed as references to the First Schedule to this Act.

(3.) In the ascertainment of the amount of the compensation payable to a tenant under the principal Act or this Act there shall be taken into account any benefit which the landlord has given or allowed to the tenant in consideration of the tenant executing Xhe improvement.

(4.) In the ascertainment of the amount of the compensation payable to a tenant in respect of manures as defined by this Act, there shall be taken into account the value of the manure required by the contract of tenancy or by custom to be returned to the holding in respect of any crops sold off or removed from the holding within the last two years of the tenancy or other less time for which the tenancy has endured, not exceeding the value of the manure which would have been produced by the consumption on the Jiolding of the crops so sold off or removed.

<(5.) Nothing in this sect; on shall prejudice the right of a tenant to claim any compensation to which he may be entitled under custom, agreement, or otherwise, in lieu of any compensation provided by this section.

2. — (1.) If a tenant claims to be entitled to compensation, whether under the principal Act or this Act, or under custom, agreement, or otherwise, in respect of any improvement comprised in the First Schedule to this Act, and if the landlord and tenant fail to agree as to the amount and time and mode of payment of such compensation, the difference shall be settled by arbitration in

1900.

Agricultural Holdings, 1900. Ch. 50.

147

accordance with the provisions, if any, in that behalf in any agreement between landlord and tenant, and in default of and subject to any such provisions by arbitration under this Act in accordance with the provisions set out in the Second Schedule to this Act.

(2.) Any claim by a tenant for compensation under the principal Act or this Act in respect of any improvement comprised in the First Schedule to this Act shall not be made after the determination of the tenancy. Provided that where the claim relates to an improvement executed after the determination of the tenancy, but while the tenant lawfully remains in occupation of part of the holding, the claim may be made at any time before the tenant quits that part.

(3.) Where any claim by a tenant for compensation in respect of any improvement comprised in the First Schedule to this Act is referred to arbitration, and any sum is claimed to be due to the tenant from the landlord in respect of any breach of contract or otherwise in respect of the holding, or to the landlord from the tenant in respect of any waste wrongfully committed or permitted by the tenant, or in respect of breach of contract or otherwise in respect of the holding, the party claiming such sum may, if he thinks fit, by written notice to the other party given by registered letter or otherwise not later than seven days after the appointment of the arbitrator or arbitrators, require that the arbitration shall extend to the determination of the further claim, and thereupon the provisions of this section with respect to arbitration shall apply accordingly, and any sum awarded to be paid by a landlord or tenant shall be recoverable in manner provided by the principal Act for the recovery of compensation.

(4.) Where any claim which is referred to arbitration relates to an improvement executed or matter arising after the determination of the tenancy, but while the tenant lawfully remains in occupation of part of the holding, the arbitrator may, if he thinks fit, make a separate award in respect of such claim.

(5.) An arbitration shall, unless the parties otherwise agree, be before a single arbitrator.

(6.) If in any arbitration under this Act the arbitrator states a case for the opinion of the county court on any question of law, the opinion of the couit on any question so stated shall be final, unless within the time and in accordance with the conditions prescribed by rules of the Supreme Court either party appeals to the Court of Appeal, from whose decision no appeal shall lie.

(7.) Any person who wilfully and corruptly gives false evidence before an arbitrator or umpire in any arbitration under this Act shall be guilty of perjury, and may be dealt with, prosecuted, and punished accordingly.

(8.) Subject to any provision contained in any agreement between landlord and tenant the Arbitration Act, 1889, shall not apply to 52 & 53 Vict, any arbitration to which this Act applies. 49-

148

Ch. 50.

Agricultural Holdings Act, 1900. 63 64 Vice.

Land chargee.

51 & 52 Vict c. 51.

Fixtnrea and buildings.

Power of entry.

Penal rents and liquidated damages

Improvements executed before Act comes into operation.

Notice of t< rxination of tenancy.

46 & 47 Vict c. 62.

3. — (1.) The powers of the county court under the principal Act with respect to charges shall be exercised by the Board of Agriculture, and accordingly the Board of Agriculture shall be-substituted for the county court in sections twenty-nine, thirty, thirty-one, thirty-two, and thirty* nine of that Act.

(2.) Where a charge may be made under the principal Act or this Act for compensation, the person making the award shall, at the request and cost of the party entitled to obtain the charge, certify the amount to be charged and the term for which the charge may properly be made, having regard to the time at which each improvement in respect of which compensation is awarded if* to be deemed to be exhausted.

(3.) Sections twenty-nine, thirty, and thirty-one of the principal Act shall apply to any money paid by or due from a landlord to a tenant as compensation for any improvement comprised in the First Schedule to this Act, whether the compensation be claimed under this Act or under custom or agreement or otherwise.

(4.) A charge made by the Board of Agriculture pursuant to this section shall be a land charge within the meaning of the Land Charges Registration and Searches Act, 1888, and may be registered accordingly. This subsection shall not apply to Scotland.

4. The provisions of section thirty four of the principal Act shall apply to a fixture or building acquired by a tenant in like manner as they apply to a fixture or building affixed or erected by a tenant.

5. The landlord of a holding or any person authorised by him may at all reasonable times enter on the holding, or any part of it, for the purpose of viewing the state of the holding.

6. Notwithstanding any provision in a contract of tenancy making the tenant liable to pay a higher rent or other liquidated damages in the event of any breach or nonfulfilment of a covenant or condition, a landlord shall not be entitled to recover, by distress or otherwise, any sum in consequence of any breach or nonfulfilment of any such covenant or condition in excess of the damage actually suffered by him in consequence of the breach of nonfulfilment. Provided that this section shall not apply to any covenant or condition against breaking up permanent pasture, grubbing underwoods, or felling cutting lopping or injuring trees, or regulating the burning of heather.

X The compensation in respect of an improvement made before this Act comes into operation shall be such (if any) as could have been claimed if this Act had not been passed, but shall be ascertained in the manner provided by this Act.

8. From and after the passing of this Act notice of termination of tenancy under section twenty-eight of the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland; Act, 1883, may be given in the same marner as a notice

Ch. 50.

149

1900. Agricultural Holdings Act, 1900.

of removal under section six of the Removal Terms (Scotland) 49 50 vict* Act, 1886. c. 50.

9. — (1.) References to " manures " in the principal Act and this interpretation. Act shall be construed as references to the improvements numbered twenty-three, twenty-four, and twenty-five in Part III. of the

First Schedule to this Act

(2.) This Act shall be construed as one with the principal Act.

10. In the application of this Act to Scotland — Application to (1.) References to the principal Act and to sections twenty-nine, Scotland *

thirty, thirty-two, and thirty-four thereof shall be construed as references to the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 46 & 47 Vict. 1883, and to sections twenty-four, twenty-six, twenty-five, c*62-and thirty thereof respectively. References to sections thirty-one and thirty-nine of the principal Act shall not apply:

(2.) A reference to the Arbitration Act, 1889, shall be

construed as a reference to the Arbitration (Scotland) Act, 67 & 58 Vict. 1894, and a reference to the Market Gardeners’ Compensa- c 13. tion Act, 1895, shall be construed as a reference to the ^29 61 lct# Market Gardeners’ Compensation (Scotland) Act, 1897:

(3.) The expression "either division of the Court of Session ’* shall be substituted for " Court of Appeal, " " sheriff" for "county court" or "judge of a county court, " "auditor of the sheriff court " for " registrar of the county court, " " Act of Sederunt " for " Rules of the Supreme Court, " " arbiter " and "arbiters" for "arbitrator" and "arbitrators, "

" oversman " for " umpire, " " deterioration " for " waste " and " expenses " for " costs ":

(4.) Any award or agreement as to compensation, and any other award under this Act, may be competently recorded for execution in the books of council and session or sheriff court books, and shall be enforceable in like manner as a recorded decree arbitral.

(5.) Where any jurisdiction committed by the principal Act or this Act to the sheriff is exercised by the sheriff-substitute there shall be no appeal to the sheriff.

U. This Act shall not extend to Ireland. Extent of Act.

12. The enactments specified in the Third Schedule to this Act Repeal, are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column

of that schedule.

13. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of Commence-

January one thousand nine hundred and one. ment of Act *

14. — (1.) This Act may be cited as the Agricultural Holdings short titles. Act, 1900.

(2.) The Agricultural Holdings (England) Act, 1883, the Tenants Compensation Act, 1890, the Market Gardeners* Compensation Actr 68 & 54 Vict. 1895, and this Act, may be cited together as the Agricultural £g 59 yicL Holdings (England) Acts, 1883 to 1900. c. 27.

150 Ch. 50. Agricultural Holdings Act, 1900* 63 G4 Vict.

(3.) The Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1883, the Market Gardeners’ Compensation (Scotland) Act, 1897, and this Act maybe cited together as the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Acts, 2883 to 1900.

Sections 1, 2, 3. SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

PART I.

Improvements to which consent of Landlord is required *

(1.) Erection, alteration, or enlargement of buildings.

(2.) Formation of silos.

(3.) Laying down of permanent pasture.

(4.) Making and planting of osier beds.

(5.) Making of water meadows or works of irrigation.

(6.) Making of gardens.

(7.) Making or improving of roads or bridges.

(8.') Making or improving of watercourses, ponds, wells, or reservoirs, or of works for the application of water power or for supply of water for agricultural or domestic purposes.

(9.) Making or removal of permanent fences.

(10.) Planting of hops.

(11.) Planting of orchards or fruit bushes.

(12.) Protecting young fruit trees.

(13.) Reclaiming of waste laud.

(14.) Warping or weiring of land.

(15.) Embankments and sluices against floods.

(16.) The erection of wirework in hop gardens.

[N.B. — This part is subject as to market gardens to the provisions

of Part HI

PART II.

Improvements in respect of which notice to Landlord is required.

(17.) Drainage.

PART III.

Improvements in respect of which consent of or notice to Landlord is not required.

(18.) Chalking of land.

(19.) Clay-burning.

(20.) Claying of land or spreading blaes upon land.

(21.) Liming of land.

(22.) Marling of land.

(23.) Application to land of purchased artificial or other purchased manure.

1900*;

Agricultural Holdings Act, 1900. Ch. 50.

151

(24.) Consumption on the holding by cattle, sheep, pigs, or by horses other than those regularly employed on the holding, of corn, cake, or other feeding stuff not produced on the holding.

(25.) Consumption on the holding by cattle, sheep, or pigs, or by horses other than those regularly employed on the holding, of corn proved by satisfactory evidence to have been produced and consumed on the holding.

(26.) Laying down temporary pasture with clover, grass, lucerne, sainfoin, or other seeds, sown more than two years prior to the determination of the tenancy.

(27.) In the case of a holding as to which section throe of the Market Gardeners* Compensation Act, 1895, applies —

(i.) Planting of standard or other fruit trees permanently set out;

(ii.) Planting of fruit bushes permanently set out;

(iii.) Planting of strawberry plants;

(iv.) Planting of asparagus, rhubarb, and other vegetable crops which-continue productive for two or more years;

(v.) Erection or enlargement of buildings for the purpose of the trade or business of a market gardener.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Rules as to Arbitration.

PART I.

Arbitration before a Single Arbitrator.

Appointment of.

1. A person agreed upon between the parties, or in default of agreement nominated by the Board of Agriculture on the application in writing of either of the parties, shall be appointed arbitrator.

2. If a person appointed arbitrator dies, or is incapable of acting, or for seven days after notice from either party requiring him to act fails to act, a new arbitrator may be appointed as if no arbitrator had been appointed.

3. Neither party shall have power to revoke the appointment of the-arbitrator without the consent of the other party.

4. Every appointment, notice, revocation, and consent under this part of these rules must be in writing.

Time for Award,

5. The arbitrator shall make and sign his award within twenty-eight days of his appointment or within such longer period as the Board of Agriculture may (whether the time for making the award has expired or not) direct.

Removal of Arbitrator,

6. Where an arbitrator has misconducted himself the county court may remove him.

bS & 59 Vict-c. 27.

Section 2.

152

Ch. 50.

Agricultural Holdings Actt 1900. 63 & 64 VICT

Evidence,

7. The parties to the arbitration, and all persons claiming through them respectively, shall, subject to any legal objection, submit to be examined by the arbitrator, on oath or affirmation, in relation to the matters in dispute, and shall, subject as aforesaid, produce before the arbitrator all samples, books, deeds, papers, accounts, writings, and documents, within their possession or power respectively which may be required or called for, and do ail other things which during the proceedings. the arbitrator may require.

b. The arbitrator shall have power to administer oaths, and to take the affirmation of parties and witnesses appearing, and witnesses shall, if the arbitrator thinks fit, be examined on oath or affirmation.

Statement of Case.

9. The arbitrator may at any stage of the proceedings, and shall, if so directed by the judge of a county court (which direction may be given on the application of either party), state in the form of a special case for the opinion of that court any question of law arising in the course of the arbitration.

Award.

10. The arbitrator shall on the application of either party specify the amount awarded in respect of any particular improvement or improvements, and the award shall fix a day not sooner than one month nor later than two months after the delivery of the award for the payment of the money awarded for compensation, costs, or otherwise, and shall be in such form as may be prescribed by the Board of Agriculture.

11. The award to be made by the arbitrator shall be final and binding on the parties and the persons claiming under them respectively.

12. The arbitrator may correct in an award any clerical mistake or error arising from any accidental slip or omission.

13. When an arbitrator has misconducted himself, or an arbitration or award has been improperly procured, the county court may set the award aside.

Costs.

14. The costs of and incidental to the arbitration and award shall be in the discretion of the arbitrator, who may direct to and by whom and in what manner these costs or any part thereof are to be paid, and the costs shall be subject to taxation by the registrar of the county court on the application of either party, but that taxation shall be subject to review by the judge of the county court.

15. The arbitrator shall, in awarding costs, take into consideration the reasonableness or unreasonableness of the claim of either party, either in respect of amount or otherwise, and any unreasonable demand for particulars or refusal to supply particulars, and generally all the circumstances of the case, and may disallow the costs of any witness whom he considers to have been called unnecessarily, and any other costs which he considers to have been incurred unnecessarily.

Forms.

16. Any forms for proceedings in arbitrations under this Act which may be prescribed by the Board of Agriculture shall, if used, be sufficient.

* $00.

Agricultural Holdings, 1900. Ch. 50.

153

PART II.

Arbitration before two Arbitrators or an Umpire.

Appointment of Arbitrators and Umpire,

1. If the parties agree in writing that there be not a single arbitrator, each of them shall appoint an arbitrator.

2. If before award one or two arbitrators dies or is incapable of acting, or for seven days after notice from either party requiring him to act fails to act, the party appointing him shall appoint another arbitrator.

3. Notice of every appointment of an arbitrator by either party shall be given to the other party.

4. If for fourteen days after notice by one party to the other to appoint an arbitrator, or another arbitrator, the other party fails to do so, then, on the application of the party giving notice, the Board of Agriculture shall appoint a person to be an arbitrator.

5. Where two arbitrators are appointed, then (subject to the provisions of these rules) they shall, before they enter on the arbitration, appoint an umpire.

6. If before award an umpire dies, or is incapable of acting, or for seven days after notice from either party requiring him to act fails to act, the arbitrators may appoint another umpire.

7. If for seven days after request from either party, the arbitrators fail to appoint an umpire, or another umpire, then, on the application of either party, the Board of Agriculture shall appoint a person to be the umpire.

8. Neither party shall have power to revoke an appointment of an arbitrator without the consent of the other.

9. Every appointment, notice, request, revocation, and consent under this part of these rules shall be in writing.

Time for Award.

10. The arbitrators shall make and sign their award in writing within twenty-eight days after the appointment of the last appointed of them, or on or before any later day to which the arbitrators, by any writing signed by them, may enlarge the time for making the award, not being more than forty-nine days from the appointment of the last appointed of them.

11. If the arbitrators have allowed their time or extended time to expire without making an award, or have delivered to either party cr to the umpire a notice in writing stating that they cannot agree, the umpire may forthwith enter on the arbitration in lieu of the arbitrators.

12. The umpire shall make and sign his award within one month after the original or extended time appointed for making the award of the arbitrators has expired.

13. The time for making an award may from time to time be extended by the Board of Agriculture, whether the time for making the award has expired or not.

Removal of Arbitrator, Evidence, Statement of,

Forms.

14. The provisions of Part I. of these rules as to the removal of an arbitrator, the evidence, the statement of a case, the award, costs, and forms shall apply to an arbitration in accordance with this Part as if the expression "arbitrator " whenever used in those provisions included two arbitrators or an umpire, as the case may require.

154

Agricultural Holdings Act, 1900; 63 & 64 Vict.

Section 12.

Ch. 50.;

THIRD SCHEDULE. Enactments repealed.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Extent of Repeal.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 61. The Agricultural Holdings (England) Act, 1883. Section one. Sections six to sixteen. Section seventeen from " and the award shall" to the end of the section. Sections eighteen to twenty-three. In section twenty-four the words " or ordered on appeal" and the words "or ordered . Section twenty-nine from " where an award has been made " to " improvement will", Section fifty-seven. The definition of "manures " in section sixty-one. The First Schedule.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 62. The Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1883. Section one. Sections six to eight. Sections eleven to fifteen. Section sixteen from the beginning thereof to " within the county, " and from " and the award shall " to the end of the section. Sections seventeen to twenty. In section twenty.one the words or ordered on appeal, " and the words "or ordered." Section twenty-four from " where on award has been made " to " improvement will ". Soction thirty-eight. The Schedule.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 20. The Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1889. The wholo Act.

58 & 59 Vict. c. 27. The Market Gardeners' Compensation Act, 1895. In section three the paragraphs numbered (2) and (3).

60 & 61 Vict. c. 22. The Market Gardeners’ Compensation (Scotland) Act, 1897. In section three the paragraphs numbered (2) and (3).

1900.

Money-lenders Act, 1900. Ch. 51.

155

CHAPTER 51.

An Act to amend the Law with respect to Persons carrying on business as Money-lenders.

[8th August 1900.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) Where proceedings are taken in any court by a moneylender for the recovery of any money lent after the commencement of this Act, or the enforcement of any agreement or security made or taken after the commencement of this Act, in respect of money lent either before or after the commencement of this Act, and there is evidence which satisfies the court that the interest charged in respect of the sum actually lent is excessive, or that the amounts charged for expenses, inquiries, fines, bonus, premium, renewals, or any other charges, are excessive, and that, in either case, the transaction is haish and unconscionable, or is otherwise such that a court of equity would give relief, the court may re-open the transaction, and take an account between the money-lender and the person sued, and may, notwithstanding any statement or settlement of account or any agreement purporting to close previous dealings and create a new obligation, re-open any account already taken between them, and relieve the person sued from payment of any sum in excess of the sum adjudged by the court to be fairly due in respect of such principal, interest and charges, as the court, having regard to the risk and all the circumstances, may adjudge to be reasonable; and if any such excess has been paid, or allowed in account, by the debtor, may order the creditor to repay it; and may set aside, either wholly or in part, or revise, or alter, any security given or agreement made in respect of money lent by the money-lender, and if the moneylender has parted with the security may order him to indemnify the borrower or other person sued.

(2.) Any court in which proceedings might be taken for the recovery of money lent by a money-lender shall have and may, at the instance of the borrower or surety or other person liable, exercise the like powers as may be exercised under this section, where proceedings are taken for the recovery of money lent, and the court shall have power, notwithstanding any provision or agreement to the contrary, to entertain any application under this Act by the borrower or surety, or other person liable, notwithstanding that the time for repayment of the loan, or any instalment thereof, may not have arrived.

(3.) On any application relating to the admission or amount of a proof by a money-lender in any bankruptcy proceedings, the court may exercise the like powers as may be exercised under this section when proceedings are taken for the recovery of money.

Re-opening of transactions of money-lender.

150

Ch. 51.

Money-lmdera Act, 1900.

63 & 64 Tier.

Registration of moneylenders.

Regulations as to registration.

(4.) The foregoing provisions of this section shall apply to any transaction which, whatever its form may be, is substantially one of money-lending by a money-lender.

(5.) Nothing in the foregoing provisions of this section shall affect the rights of any bonst fide assignee or holder for value without notice.

(6.) Nothing in this section shall be construed as derogating from the existing powers or jurisdiction of any court.

(7.) In the application of this Act to Scotland this section shall be read as if the words "or is otherwise such that a court of equity would give relief " were omitted therefrom.

2. — (1.) A money-lender as defined by this Act —

(a) shall register himself as a money-lender in accordance with regulations under this Act, at an office provided for the purpose by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, under his own or usual trade name, and in no other name, and with the address, or all the addresses if more than one, at which he carries on his business of money-lender; and

(b) shall carry on the money-lending business in his registered name, and in no other name and under no other description, and at his registered address or addresses, and at no other address; and

(c) shall not enter into any agreement in the course of his business as a money-lender with respect to the advance and repayment of money, or take any security for money in the course of his business as a money-lender, otherwise than in his registered name; and

(d) shall on reasonable request, and on tender of a reasonable sum for expenses, furnish the borrower with a copy of any document relating to the loan or any security therefor.

(2.) If a money-lender fails to register himself as required by this Act, or carries on business otherwise than in his registered name, or in more than one name, or elsewhere than at his registered address, or fails to comply with any other requirement of this section, he shall be liable on conviction under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts to a fine nob exceeding one hundred pounds, and in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for a term not exceeding three months, or to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, or to both:Provided that if the offender be a body corporate that body corporate shall be liable on a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding five hundred pounds.

(3.) A prosecution under subsection (1) (a) of this section shall not be instituted except with the consent in England of the Attorney-General or Solicitor-General, and in Ireland of the Attorney-General or Solicitor-General for Ireland.

3. — (1.) The Commissioners of Inland Revenue, subject to the approval of the Treasury, may make regulations respecting the registration of money-lenders, whether individuals, firms, societies, or companies, the form of the register, and the part'C^ars to be

1900.

Money-lendei'8 1900. Ch. 51.

157

entered therein, and the fees to be paid on registration and renewal of registration, not exceeding one pound for each registration or renewal, and respecting the inspection of the register and the fees payable therefor.

(2.) The registration shall cease to have effect at the expiration of three years from the date of the registration, but may be renewed from time to time, and if renewed shall have effect for three years from the date of the renewal

4. If any money-lender, or any manager, agent, or clerk of a Penalties for money-lender, or if any person being a director, manager, or other officer of any corporation carrying on the business of a money-lender, represcnta-by any false, misleading, or deceptive statement, representation, tions. or promise, or by any dishonest concealment of material facts, fraudulently induces or attempts to induce any person to borrow money or to agree to the terms on which money is or is to be borrowed, he shall be guilty of a misdemeanour, and shall be liable on indictment to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for a term not exceeding two years, or to a fine not exceeding five hundred pounds, or to both.

5. Where in any proceedings under section two of the Betting Amendment of and Loans (Infants) Act, 1892, it is proved that the person to 55 & 56 vict' whom the document was sent was an infant, the person charged to presumption shall be deemed to have known that the person to whom the of knowledge document was sent was an infant, unless he proves that he had of infancy, reasonable ground for believing the infant to be of full age.

6. The expression "money-lender " in this Act shall include Definition of every person whose business is that of money-lending, or who money-lender, advertises or announces himself or holds himself out in any way as carrying on that business; but shall not include —

(a) any pawnbroker in respect of business carried on by him in accordance with the provisions of the Acts for the time being in force in relation to pawnbrokers; or (h)any registered society within the meaning of the Friendly Societies Act, 1896, or any society registered or having rules 59 & 60 Vict. certified under sections two or four of that Act, or under the c- 25. Benefit Building Societies Act, 1836, or the Loan Societies Act, 6 & 7 Will. 4. 1840, or under the Building Societies Acts, 1874 to 1894; or

(c) any body corporate, incorporated or empowered by a special c. no.

Act of Parliament to lend money in accordance with such special Act; or

(d) any person bona fide carrying on the business of banking or insurance or bon& fide carrying on any business not having for its primary object the lending of money, in the course of which and for the purposes whereof he lends money; or

(e) any body corporate for the time being exempted from registration under this Act by order of the Board of Trade made and published pursuant to regulations of the Board of Trade.

"l58

[Short title and commencement.]

Power to raise new division of Royal Naval Reserve.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 40.

Ch. 51, 52. Money-lenders Act, 1900. 63 & 64‘ Vict.

7. — (1.) This Act may be cited as the Money-lenders Act, 1900.

(2.) This Act shall come into operation on the first day of November one thousand nine hundred.

CHAPTER 52.

An Act to make farther provision for a Naval Reserve.

[8th August 1900.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) It shall be lawful for the Admiralty to raise and keep up a new division of the force raised under the Royal Naval Reserve (Volunteer) Act, 1859, and commonly known as the Royal Naval Reserve, in addition to the men raised under that Act.

(2.) The reserves so raised under this Act shall consist of —

(a) The persons who are in receipt of pensions in respect of service in the navy or the marines, and who —

(i) having enlisted in the navy or marines after the passing of this Act, are entitled to their pensions subject to a condition of service in this division of the Reserve; or

(ii) having enlisted in the navy or marines before the passing of this Act, have enlisted in this division of the Reserve; and

(5) Pei*sons, not exceeding fifteen thousand in number, who have served in the navy or the marines, but are not in receipt of such pensions, and who have enlisted in this division of the Reserve; and (c) The persons who are employed as aitizans or otherwise in any of the naval or civil establishments under the Admiralty subject to a condition of service in the reserve.

(3.) Section two of the Royal Naval Reserve (Volunteer) Act, 1859 (relating to term of service), shall not apply to men raised under this Act, but their term of service shall be regulated, in the case of pensioners entitled to their pensions subject to a condition of service in this division of the Reserve, by the conditions attached to the pension, and in other cases by the terms of the enlistment or the employment, as the case may be.

(4.) Subject as aforesaid, the Royal Naval Reserve (Volunteer) Act, 1859, shall apply to men raised under this Act in like manner as it applies to men raised under that Act, with the substitution, in the case of marines, of the words "non-commissioned officers or men " for the words "petty officers or seamen in the Royal Navy, "

v

1900.

Naval Reserve Acf, .1900.

Ch. 52, 53.

159

and subject, in their case, to the provision that the noncommissioned officers and men when called into actual service, and when being trained or exercised, shall be liable to serve, subject to the Bame conditions, and be entitled to the same pay, as other non-commissioned officers and men of the marines, and not as petty officers and seamen.

2. This Act may be cited as the Naval Reserve Act, 1900.

CHAPTER 53.

An Act to amend the Elementary Education Acts, 1870 to 1893.

[8th August 1900.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. For the purpose of the fee grant under the Elementary Education Act, 1891, average attendance shall be calculated in accordance with the minutes of the Board of Education in force for the time being in respect to public elementary schools.

2. The board of guardians of any poor law union may contribute towards such of the expenses of providing, enlarging, or maintaining, any public elementary school as are certified by the Board of Education to have been incurred wholly or partly in respect of scholars taught at the school, who are either resident in a work-house or in an institution to which they have been sent by the guardians from a workhouse, or boarded out by the guardians.

3. A parish in which there is a school board shall be exempt from contributing to the expenses incurred by any district council acting as a school authority under the Elementary Education (Blind and Deaf Children) Act, 1893, and where the school authority are an urban district council their expenses as such authority shall be paid out of a fund to be raised in the area for which they are the school authority, in the same manner as the fund out of which their general expenses are payable i3 raised in the urban district.

4. — (1.) Where a child is committed to a certified industrial school, at the instance of a school board or other local authority within the meaning of the Elementary Education Acts, 1870 to 1893, the authority may pay the expenses of and incidental to the conveyance of the child to and from the school, and the sending of the child out on licence or bringing back the child on the expiration or revocation of a licence.

(2.) Where any such local authority have contributed to the support of a child in an industrial school they may contribute to the ultimate disposal of the child.

[Short title.]

Calculation of average attendance. 54 & 55 Vict. c. 56.

Power of guardians to contribute to expenses of public elementary school.

Expenses of blind and deaf children.

56 & 57 Vict. c. 42.

Expenses of children in industrial schools.

160

Ch. 53.

Elementary Education Act, 1900. 63 & 64 Vict.

Accounts relating to joint industrial schools.

Byelaws for compulsory attendance.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 75.

Amendment of 39 & 40 Vict. c. 79. u to standard of attendances.

Repeal.

[Short title.]

5. Where two or more school boards combine for the establishment of a joint industrial school under a joint body of managers, the enactments relating to the audit of school board accounts shall apply as if the joint body of managers were a school board.

0. — (1.) In section seventy-four of the Elementary Education Act, 1870, and in section four of the Elementary Education Act, 1 880 (which relate to byelaws for the attendance of children at school), fourteen years shall be substituted for thirteen years.

(2.) The maximum penalty for the breach of a byelaw requiring the attendance of a child at an elementary school, or of an attendance order made under the Elementary Education Act, 1876, shall be twenty shillings, and accordingly twenty shillings shall be substituted for five shillings in section seventy-four of the Elementary Education Act, 1870, and in section twelve of the Elementary Education Act, 1876.

(3.) The said section seventy-four shall have effect as if the sanction therein referred to were the sanction of the Board of Education instead of the sanction of Her Majesty in Council.

7. In paragraph two of the First Schedule to the Elementary Education Act, 1876 (which relates to the standard of previous due attendance at a certified efficient school), three hundred and fifty shall be substituted for two hundred and fifty.

8. The Acts mentioned in the schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that schedule.

9. This Act may be cited as the Elementary Education Act, 1900, and may be cited with the Elementary Education Acts, 1870 to 1893.

SCHEDULE. Enactments Repealed.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. | Extent of Repeal.

51 & 55 Vict. c. 56. - The Elementary Education Act, 1891. Section ten, from " and the expression" to the end of the section.

56 & 57 Vict. c. 42. - The Elementary Education (Blind and Deaf Children) Act, 1893. Section four, from "and until" to the end of the section. Section five, from "or where the school authority" to " value of each parish."

4

Lunacy Board (Scotland) Salaries Ch. 54, 55. 161

and Clerks Act, 1900.

CHAPTER 54.

Act to amend the Law relating to the number and alarie3 of the Staff of the General Board of Commissioners in Lunacy for Scotland, and to provide for the remuneration of certain of the Commissioners.

[8th August 1900.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L From and after the passing of this Act the General Board of Number and Commissioners in Lunacy for Scotland may appoint, with the of approval of the Secretary for Scotland, such number of clerks as the Treasury may sanction, and the secretary and clerks of the said Board shall receive such salaries as the Treasury may assign; and such salaries, together with the expenses of the Board, to the amount sanctioned by the Treasury, shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

2. So much of the Lunacy Board (Scotland) Act, 1864, as relates Partial to the salaries of the secretary and clerk of the said Board is ^P^s Vict hereby repealed. c. 59.

3. This Act shall be read along with the Lunacy (Scotland) Construction Acts, 1857 to 1887, and maybe cited separately as the Lunacy " ‘ #rttlU Board (Scotland) Salaries and Clerks Act, 1900.

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Executors (Scotland) Act, 1900.

2. All executors nominate shall, unless the contrary be expressly Executor provided in the trust deed, have the whole powers, privileges, and nominate to immunities, and be subject to all the limitations and restrictions, po^ersand which from time to time gratuitous trustees have, or are subject privileges #f to, under the Trusts (Scotland) Acts, 1861 to 1898, or this Act, or trustees, any Act amending the same, and otherwise under the statute and common law of Scotland.

CHAPTER 55.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Executors in

t

Scotland.

‘8th August 1900.]

L

162

Ch. 55.

Executors (Scotland) Act, 1900. G3 & 64 Vict.

Who may he confirmed executors nominate.

Powers &c. of executors dative where more than one.

Confirmation to contain inventory.

Transmission of trust (buds by executors of sole or last surviving trustee.

Where confirmation ad non executa may be granted.

3. Where a testator has not appointed any person to act as his executor, or failing any person so appointed, the testamentary trustees of such testator, original or assumed, or appointed by the Supreme Court (if any), failing whom any general disponee or universal legatory or residuary legatee appointed by such testator, shall be held to be his executor nominate, and entitled to confirmation in that character.

4. In all cases where confirmation is, or has been, granted in favour of more executors dative than one, the powers conferred by it shall accrue to the survivors or survivor, and while more than two survive a majority shall be a quorum, and each shall be liable only for his own acts and intromissions.

5. All confirmations of personal estate shall have embodied therein, or appended thereto, the inventory of estate confirmed, and the forms of confirmation prescribed by the Confirmation of Executors (Scotland) Act, 1858, section ten, Schedules D. and E, shall be amended accordingly, by the insertion of words referring to the inventory as being embodied therein or appended thereto, or words to that effect.

6. When any sole or last surviving trustee or executor nominate has died with any funds in Scotland standing or invested in his name as trustee or executor, confirmation by his executors nominate (if any) to the proper personal estate of such trustee or executor nominate, or the probate granted in England or Ireland to his executors, and produced and certified by the commissary clerk of Edinburgh shall, whether granted before or after the passing of this Act, be valid, and available to such executors for recovering such funds, and for assigning and transferring the same to such person or persons as may be legally authorised to continue the administration thereof, or, where no other act of administration remains to be performed, directly to the beneficiaries entitled thereto, or to any person or persons whom the beneficiaries may appoint to receive and discharge, realise and distribute the same, ^provided always that a note or statement of such funds shall have been appended to any inventory or additional inventory of the personal estate of such deceased trustee or executor nominate given up by his executors nominate in Scotland, and duly confirmed; and provided further that nothing herein contained shall bind executors of a deceased trustee or executor nominate to make up title to such funds, nor prejudice or exclude the right of any other person to complete a title to such funds by any proceedings otherwise competent.

7. Where any confirmation has become inoperative by the death or incapacity of all the executors in whose favour it has been granted, no title to intromit with the estate confirmed therein shall, otherwise than in the circumstances and to the extent authorised by the preceding section, transmit to the representatives of any such executors whatever may be the extent of their beneficial interest therein, but it shall be competent to grant confirmation ad non executa to any estate

1900.

Executor8 (Scotland) Act, 1900. Ch. 55.

163

contained in the original confirmation which may remain unuplifted or untransferred to the persons entitled thereto, and such confirmation ad non executa shall be granted to the same persons, and according to the some rules as confirmations ad omissa are u, t present granted, and shall be a sufficient title to continue and complete the administration of the estate contained therein, provided always that nothing herein contained shall be held to affect the rights and preferences at present conferred by confirmation on executors creditors.

8. Oaths and affirmations to inventories of personal estate given up to be recorded in any sheriff court and to revenue statements appended thereto may be taken before the sheriff or sheriff-substitute, or any commissioner appointed by the sheriff, or before any commissary clerk or his depute, or where the office of commissary clerk has been abolished before any sheriff clerk or his depute, or before

. any notary public, magistrate, or justice of the peace, in the United Kingdom, and also if taken in England or Ireland before any commissioner for oaths appointed by the courts of these countries, or if taken at any place out of the United Kingdom, before any British consul, or local magistrate, or any notary public practising in such foreign country, or admitted and practising in Great Britain or Ireland.

9. — (3.) It shall be competent for any person entitled tb apply for CDnfirmation under the Intestates Widows and Children (Scotland) Act, 1875, and the Small Testate Estates (Scotland) Act, 1876, as extended by the Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1881, section thirty-four, and the Finance Act, 1894, section sixteen, to apply to any officer of inland revenue duly appointed for the purpose, and the said officer shall prepare and fill up the necessary form -of inventory and oath or affirmation and revenue statement appended thereto, and shall take the oath of the applicant thereto, and such evidence as be may think sufficient to establish the identity and relationship or title of the applicant and the value of the estate, and where caution is required shall also prepare and fill up the b^nd of caution, and on the same being signed, and such attestation of the sufficiency of the cautioner as he may consider necessary being obtained, and the said inventory and bond (if any) being duly stamped, where stamps are required, the said officer shall transmit the same, along with an}’ testamentary writings that may be exhibited, and the prescribed ad valorem fee chargeable on the confirmation, to the clerk of the court, where confirmation falls to be issued. And the said clerk, if satisfied that the applicant for confirmation is entitled thereto, shall record the inventory and relative writs (if any), and expede confirmation, and transmit the same, with any writs which may fall to be returned, to the officer for delivery to the applicant.

(2.) Such appointments and regulations as may be necessary to give effect to the foregoing provision shall be made by or under the authority of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue.

Before whom oaths may be taken.

Amendment of Small Estates Acts.

38 & 89 Vict. c. 41. 89 & 40 Vict. c. 24. 47 & 48 Vict. c.

164

Ch. 56.

Military Lands, 1900.

63 & 64 Vice

County or borough council may leaae land and volunteer corps may borrow on security of lease.

Provision as to byelaws.

U & 56 Vict, c. 43.

CHAPTER 56.

An Act to amend the Military Lands Act, 1892.

[8th August 1900.)

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) The council of a county or borough holding land onr behalf of one or more volunteer corps under subsection three of section one of the Military Lands Act, 1892, may lease the land or any part thereof to any such corps for military purposes for a period Dot exceeding ninety-nine years.

(2.) The powers of a volunteer corps to borrow and of the Public Works Loan Commissioners to lend under the Military Lands Acts, 1892 and 1897, shall extend to borrowing and lending on the security of any such lease.

(3.) If the volunteer corps is disbanded or the land ceases to be used for military purposes, the lease shall vest in the Secretary of State, subject to repayment of any money borrowed on the security of the lease and not already repaid.

2. — (1.) Where any land is for the time being appropriated by the Admiralty for any purpose of Her Majesty's navy, or used by the Admiralty for any such purpose, the Admiralty shall have the same power of making byelaws with respect to the land as may exercised by a Secretary of State with respect to land appropriated or used for a military purpose, as the case may be, and the provisions of the Military Lands Act, 1892, relating to byelaws shall apply accordingly.

(2.) Where any land, the use of which can be regulated by byelaws under the Military Lands Act, 1892, or this Act, abuts on any sea or tidal water, or where rifle or artillery practice is or can be carried on over any sea, tidal water, or shore, from any such land, byelaws may be made in relation to any such sea, tidal water, or shore, as if they were part of the land.

Provided that —

(a.) If any such byelaw injuriously affects or obstructs the exercise of any private right of any person in or over any such sea, tidal water, or shore, that person shall be entitled to compensation, and the compensation shall, in case of difference, be ascertained in manner provided by the Lands Clauses Acts wi; h respect to the compensation for land taken otherwise thin by agreement; and (b.) Any such byelaw shall not injuriously affect any public right within the meaning of this section unless made with the consent of the Board of Trade, but the Board of Trade, if satisfied after such inquiries and such notice and opportunity for objections as herein-after mentioned that a restriction of any public right is required for the safety of the public, or for the exigencies of the military or naval

a 900.

Military Lands, 1900. Ch. 56.

165

purpose for which the area to which the byelaws apply is used, may conseut to a byelaw restricting the public right to such extent as under all the circumstances of the case seems reasonable; and (c.) No such byelaw shall be made in relation to any sea, tidal water, or shore which may for the time being be vested in Her Majesty, and under the management of ti e Commissioners of Woods, without the consent in writing of such Commissioners on behalf of Her Majesty first had and obtained for that purpose, which consent such Commissioners are hereby authorised to give.

(3.) The Board of Trade before consenting to any byelaw under this section, shall cause notice of the byelaw to be given by advertisement or otherwise in the locality, in order that any such town, harbour, and other local authorities and persons as are interested may have an opportunity for making objections to the byelaw, and shall consider any objections made, and shall make such inquiries as appear to the Board necessary for the purpose of ascertaining that the byelaw will not unreasonably interfere with any public right.

(4.) For the purposes of this section " public right" means any right of navigation, anchoring, grounding, fishing, bathing, walking, or recreation.

(5.) Where an area to which byelaws under this section apply consists of any sea or tidal water, or the shore thereof, and the boundaries of the area cannot, in the opinion of the authority making the byelaws, be conveniently marked by permanent marks, those boundaries shall be described in the byelaws, and shall be deemed to be sufficiently marked within the meaning of section seventeen of the Military Lands Act, 1892, if, while the area is in use for military or naval purposes, sufficient means are taken to warn the public from entering the area.

(6.) Section three of the Artillery and Rifle Ranges Act, 1885, 48 & 49 Vict, is hereby repealed. c. 36.

3. Section twenty-three of the Military Lands Act, 1892, shall Extension of have effect as if the definition of "land " in that section included of

the bed of the sea or any tidal water, and also any right of interference with the free use of any land, and the Military Lands Act, 58 & 59 Vict. 1892, as extended by the Naval Works Act, 1895, and as amended c*35, by this Act, shall be construed accordingly.

4. Notwithstanding anything in section two of the Military Amendment

Lands Act, 1892, the period of three years mentioned in section one 45 & 56 hundred and twenty-three of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, g '^as to’ 1845, shall be calculated from the passing of the Act confirming limit of time any Provisional Order under the Military Lands Act, 1892, and forcompni-not from the passing of the Military Lands Act, 1892. chased

5. In the application of this Act to Scotland the following Application

provisions shall have effect: — to Scotland.

In subsection (9) of section twenty-five of the Military Lands Act, 1892, "twenty-one " sha»l be substituted for "twenty-two."

166

Short title and construction.

Issue of 95, 234, 7961. out of the Consolidated Fund.

Power for the Treasury to borrow.

Ch. 56, 57. Military Lands, 1900: 63 & 64 Vict.

0. This Act shall be construed as part of the Military Lands Act, 1892, and may be cited as the Military Lands Act, 1900, and the Military Lands Act, 1892, the Military Lands Act, 1897, and this Act, may be cited collectively as the Military Lands Acts, 1892 to 1900.

CHAPTER 57.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and one, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[8 th August 1900.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Y▼ Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and I e it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Grant out of Consolidated Fiend,

1, The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and one, the sum of ninety-five million two hundred and thirty-four thousand seven hundred and ninety-six pounds.

2. The Treasury may borrow from any person, and the Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of ninety-five million two hundred and thirty-four thousand seven hundred and ninety-six pounds, and the Treasury shall repay the moneys so borrowed, with interest not exceeding five pounds p*r centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any moneys so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall foim part of the sa:d

Ch. 57.

16T

1900. Appropriation Act, 1900.

Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

Appropriation of Grants.

3. All sums granted by this Act and the other Acts mentioned in Appropriation* Schedule (A.) annexed to this Act out of the said Consolidated of earns voted £ Fund towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty, for ^PP1/ amounting, as appears by the said schedule, in the aggregate, to 8erTlcef! '

the sum of one hundred and fifty-four million eight hundred and fifty-eight thousand and sixty-six pounds are appropriated, and shall be deemed to have been appropriated as from tho date of the passings of the first of the Acts mentioned in the said Schedule (A.) for tho services and purposes expressed in Schedule (B.) annexed hereto.

The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed hereto, with tho notes (if any) to such schedules, shall be deemed to be part of this *

Act in the same manner as if they had been contained in the body thereof.

In addition to the sums hereby granted out of the Consolidated Fund, there may be applied out of any money directed under section two of the Public Accounts and Charges Act, 1891, to be 54 & 55 Vict^ applied as appropriations in aid of the grants for the services c-24* and purposes specified iu Schedule B. annexed hereto, the sums respectively set forth in the last column of the said schedule.

4. If a necessity arise for incurring expenditure not provided Treasury-

for in the sums appropriated to naval and military services by ma-v\in this Act, and which it may be detrimental to the public service to of^xigencyr postpone until provision can be made for it by Parliament in the authorise usual course, the department entrusted with the control over the exPend; 'wy said service shall forthwith make application in writing to the for^pVovide^ Treasury for their authority to defray temporarily such expen- that the diture out of any surpluses which may have been or which may agg^fa/0er the be effected by the saving of expenditure upon votes within the mriy servicea same department, and in such application the department shall and for the represent to the Treasury the circumstances which may render

such additional expenditure necessary, and thereupon the Treasury not exceed el-may authorise the expenditure unprovided for as aforesaid to be temporarily defrayed out of any surpluses which may have been

or which may be effected as aforesaid upon votes within the same department; and a statement showing all cases in which the naval and military departments have obtained the sanction of the Treasury to any expenditure not provided for ifl the respective votes aforesaid, accompanied by copies of the representations made to them by the said department, shall be laid before the House of Commons with the appropriation accounts of navy and army services for the year, in order that such proceedings may be submitted for the sanction of Parliament, and that provision may be made for the deficiencies upon the several votes for the said services in such manner as Parliament may determine.

168

Ch. 57.

Appropriation Act, 1900.

63 & 64 Vict.

The Treasury shall not authorise any expenditure which may cause an excess upon the aggregate sums appropriated by this Act for naval services and for army sei vices respectively.

Sanction for 5. Whereas the Treasury, under the powers vested in them by navy and army the Appropriation Act, 1898, have authorised expenditure not 1898-99 an- °* provided for in the sums appropriated by the said Act to certain provided for. votes for naval and military services for the year endc1 on the c 16? 62 Vict* day of March one thousand eight hundred and nrnety-

c" nine to be temporarily defrayed out of surpluses effected by the

8aving of expenditure on other votes for naval and military services for the said year; viz.,

1st. A sum of live hundred and seventy-seven thousand eight hundred and one pounds four shillings and sixpence for navy services out of the unexpended balances of certain votes:

2nd. A sum of two hundred and sixty-nine thousand four hundred and eighty-seven pounds thirteen shillings and ninepence for army services out of the unexpended balances of certain votes, aided by sums realised in excess of the estimated appropriations in aid:

It is enacted that the application of the said sums is hereby sanctioned.

6. A person shall not receive any part of a grant which may be made in pursuance of this Act for half-pay or army, navy, or civil non-effective services, until he has subscribed such declaration as may from time to time be prescribed by a warrant of the Treasury before one of the persons prescribed by such warrant

Provided that, whenever any such payment is made at more frequent intervals than once in a quarter, the Treasury may dispense with the production of more than one declaration in respect of each quarter.

Any person who makes a declaration for the purpose of this section, knowing the same to be untrue in any material particular, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor.

[Short title.]

7. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Appropriation Act, 1900.

Declaration required in certain cases before receipt of sums appropriated.

ABSTRACT

OF

SCHEDULES (A.) and (B.) to which this Act refers. SCHEDULE (A)

Grants ont of the Consolidated Fund .... 154.858, 066

1900.

Appropriation, 1900,

Cir. 57.

169

SCHEDULE (B.) — Appropriation of Grants.

1898-99-1900.

3.

Part 1. Army Excess, 1898-99 -t, 2. Civil Services Excesses, 1898-99 'Army (Supplementary), 1899-

1900 ......

Army Ordnance Factories (Supplementary), 1899-1900 vil Services and Revenue Departments (Supplementary), 1899-1900 -

1900-1901.

, 5. Navy -

" (Army (Ordnance Factories) -

#0

If

00

00

00

8. Ditto, Class II. '

9. Ditto, Class HI.

10. Ditto, Class IV.

11. Ditto, Class V.

12. Ditto, Class VI.

13. Ditto, Class YU.

Total Civil Services -14. Revenue Departments, -Gbajtd Total

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ 9. d. 6 8. d.

100 0 0 168, 070 2 6

10 0 0 3, 379 5 4

13,000,000 0 0 —

i 47,000 0 0 424,000 0 0

419, 660 0 0 41 0 0

13, 466, 770 0 0 595, 490 7 10

28, 791, 900 0 0 1, 030, 622 0 0

72, 999, 400 0 0 3, 309, 753 0 0

204,000 0 0 4, 428,000 0 0

1, 951, 427 0 0 82, 861 0 0

2, 347, 341 0 0 540, 130 0 0

3, 817, 765 0 0 727, 444 0 0

12, 658, 889 0 0 75, 530 0 0

1, 713, 875 0 0 128, 334 0 0

588, 051 0 0 145 0 0

98, 115 0 0 7, 204 0 0

23, 175, 463 0 0 1, 561, 648 0 0

16, 220, 533 0 0 468, 101 0 0

154, 858, 066 1 0 0 11, 393, 614 7 10

SCHEDULE (A.)

Grant out of the Consolidated Fund.

9. d.

For the service of the year ended on the 31st March 1900: —

Under Act 63 Vict. c. 1. .... 13,000,000 0 0

For the service of the years ended on the 31st March 1899

and 1900: —

Under Act 63 Vict. c. 3. - - 466, 770 0 0

For the service of the year ending on 31st March 1901:—

Under Act 63 Vict. c. 3. - - 46, 156, 500 0 0

Under this Act .... 95, 234, 796 0 C

Total - £154, 858, 066 0

Scubd. (A.)

170

Ch. 57.

Appropriation Ad, 1900.

63 & 64 Vict.

Sched. (B.) SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 1.

Past 1. v

Army ARMY EXCESS, 1898-99.

Excess.__________

1898-99. Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Sum granted to make good excesses Expenditure beyond the grants for ended on the 31st day of March 1899 of Army the year £ d. 100 0 0 £ ». d. 168, 070 2 6

Sc 11 ed. CB.) SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 2.

Part 2. x 7

Civil Services CIVIL SERVICES EXCESSES, 1898-99.

Excesses, __________

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. tions in Aid.

Sum granted to make good an excess on the grant for prisons, England and the Colonies, for the year ended 31st March 1899 £ «. d. £ #. d.

10 0 0 3, 379 5 4

Sched. (B.) SCHEDULE (B.^ — Part 3.

Part 3.

Army

Supple-

mentary,

1899-1900.

Army Supplementary, 1899-1900.

Sum granted to meet additional expenditure, in consequence of the war in South Africa, for Army Services for the year ended on the 31st day of

March 1900; viz.: —

Pay, &c. of the Army - - 2, 400,000

Medical establishments: Pay, &c. 70,000

Militia: Pay, Ac ...... 250,000

Yeomanry Cavalry: Pay and Allowances - 5,000

Volunteer Corps: Pay and Allowances - 15,000

Transport and remounts ... - 5,000,000

Provisions, forage, and other supplies - 3,000,000

Clothing establishments and services - - 500,000

Warlike and other stcres -«-- 1, 600,000

Works, Ao.: Cost (including staff forEngineer Services) 150,000

War Office salaries and miscellaneous charges - 10,000

Total - - .-£13,000,000

171

19<XX Appropriation Act, 1900. Ch. 57.

Army (Ordnance Factories) (Supplementary), 1899-1900.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Sum granted to meet additional Expenditure for Army Ordnance Factories for the year ended 31st March 1900 - ' . i ‘ 47,000 £ 424,000

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 4.

Civil Services (Supplementary), 1899-1900.

SCHED. (B.) Past 4.

Civil Services

Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted to defray the charges for the (Supple-Services herein particularly mentioned for the year ended on the 31st day of Man* 1900; iz.: — 1899-1900.

Sums not exceeding

Supply j Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

CIVIL SERVICES. Class I. For expenditure in respect of Post Office and Post Office Telegraph buildings in Great Britain £ 20,000 1 £

For expenditure in respect of sundry public buildings in Great Britain, not provided for on other votes - 40,000 *1,000

For rates and contributions in lien of rates, <fec. in respect of Government property ... 12,000 —

Class II. For the salaries and expenses of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Colonies 4, 150

For the salaries and expenses of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council - - 300

For the expenses of providing stationery, printing, paper, binding, and printed books for the Public Service - 20,000

For the salaries and expenses of the General Valuation and Boundary Survey of Ireland 5 878

Class III. For the salaries and expenses of the Prison Commissioners for Scotland and of the Prisons under their control .... 1, 440 J63

* Deficit.

172

CH. 57.

Appropriation Act, 1900.

63 & 64 Vict.

SCHED. (P.)

4.

Civil Service (Supplementary), 1399-1900.

Class IY.

For the Department of Science and Art in respect of Science Schools -

Class Y.

For grants in aid of tho expenses of the British Protectorates in Uganda and in Central and East Africa -

For sundry Colonial services, including certain grants in aid ..... For the subsidies to certain telegraph companies - For making good the net loss on transactions connected with the raising of money for the various Treasury chests abroad in the year 1898-99

Class VI.

For making good the sum by which the interest accrued in the year ended 20th November 1899, from securities held by the National Debt Commissioners, on account of "The Fnnd for the Banks for Savings " and " The Fund for Friendly Societies " was insufficient to meet the interest which the said Commissioners are obliged by statute to pay and credit to trustees of savings banks and to friendly societies; and also the sum by which the interest accrued in the year ended 31st December 1899, from securities held by the National Debt Commissioners on account of " The Post Office Savings Banks Fund, " was insufficient to meet the interest which the said Commissioners are obliged by statute to pay and credit to depositors and the expenses incurred dur ng that year in the execution of Acts relating thereto -

Class VII.

For the salaries and other expenses of temporary Commissioners, committees, and special inquiries For making good certain sums written off from the assets of the local loans fnnd -

Total Civil Services -

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. tions in Aid.

3,000 —

162, 500

58, 905

10,000 —

2, 847

60, 686

500

23, 327 —

419, 660 41

1900.

Appropriation 1900. Ch. 57.

m

SCHEDULE (B.) — — Part 5. Bchxd.

Past

NAVY. Navy.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the Bums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Navy Sbbyices herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1901; vii.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No. 1. For wages, &c. to 114, 880 officers, seamen, and boys, coastguard, and Royal marines - 2. For the expense of victualling and clothing for the navy, including the cost of victualling establishments at home and abroad - £ 5, 527,000 1, 715, 300 £ 116, 016 470, 875

3. For medical services, including the cost of medical establishments at home and abroad 208, 800 21, 375

4. For martial law, including the cost of naval prisons at home and abroad 13, 300 20

5. For educational services - 92, 300 28, 444

6. For scientific services - 66, 900 14, 285

7. For the expense of the royal naval reserve, and the retired officers and seamen pensioner reserve - 271, 100 113

' 8. Sect. 1. For the expense of the personnel for shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance, Ac., including the cost of establishments of dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad (including an additional sum of 11,000l.) 2, 523,000 12, 815

, Sect. 2. For the expense of the materiel for shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance, Ac., including the cost of establishments of dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad (including an additional sum of 55, 1001.) 4, 139, 100 164,000

, Sect. 3. For the expense of contract work for shipbuilding, repairs, &c. (including an, additional sum of 410,000l.) 6, 739,000 38, 055

9. For naval armaments (including an additional su m of 753, 2001.) - 3, 757, 900 55, 308

10. For works, buildings, and repairs at home and abroad, including the cost of superintendence, purchase of sites, grants in aid, and other charges connected therewith (including an additional sum of 40,000l.) 885, 800 20, 004

y w

17

Ch. 57.

Appropriation, 1900.

63 & 64 Vict. '

SCHED. (B.) Paut 5. Navy.

SCHED. (B.) Part 6. Army.

V

- Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No. 11. For miscellaneous effective services 271, 200 10, 712

12. For the expense of the Admiralty Office 267, 100 9,000

13. For half-pay, reserved and retired pay to officers of the navy and marines 786, 700 12, 272

14. For naval and marine pensions, gratuities, and compassionate allowances - 1, 123, 600 21, 950

15. For civil pensions and gratuities 343, 500 382

16. For the expense necessary to be provided for under the arrangement made Detween the Imperial and Australasian Governments for the protection of floating trade in Australasian waters ...... 60, 300 35,000

Total Navy Services - £ 28, 701, 900 1, 030, 622

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 6.

ARMY.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Army Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1901; viz.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. tions in Aid.

No.

1. For the pay, allowances, and other charges of Her Majesty's Army at home and abroad (exclusive of India), and of the general staff, regiments, and reserve (to a number not exceeding 430,000), and departments (including a supplementary sum of 3, 250,000l.) 18, 4, 0,000 1, 205,000

2. For the pay, &c. of medical establishments and for medicines (including a supplementary sum of 350,000l.) .... 905,000 1 1, 500 1

1900.

Appropriation Act, 1900. Ch. 57.

175

SCHED. (B.) Sums not exceeding Past 6.

__________ Army.

No.

3. For the pay, bounty, &c. of the militia (to a

number not exceeding 134, 571, including 30,000 militia reserve) -

4. For the pay and miscellaneous charges of the yeomanry cavalry

of volunteer corps, including pay, &c. of the permanent staff (including a supplementary sum of 500,000l.) -

6. For the expense of transport and remounts (in-

cluding a supplementary sum of 4, 590,000l.)

7. For provisions, forage, and other supplies (in-

cluding a supplementary sum of 859,000l.) . 6. For clothing establishments and services (including a supplementary sum of 100,000l.) 9. For the supply and repair of warlike and other stores (including a supplementary sum of 500,000l.) -

10. For the staff for engineer services and charges

for Royal Engineer works, buildings, and repairs at home and abroad (including purchases) (including a supplementary sum of 1, 060,000l.) ......

11. For establishments for military education

12. For miscellaneous effective services (including

a supplementary sum of 140,000l.) -

13. For the salaries and miscellaneous charges of

the War Office ....

14. For retired pay, half-pay, and other non-

effective charges for officers and others (including a supplementary sum of 250,000l.) -

15. For Chelsea and Kilmainham hospitals, and the

in-pensioners thereof, for out-pensions, for the maintenance of lunatics for whom pensions are not drawn, and for gratuities awarded in commutation and in lieu of pensions, for rewards for meritorious services, for Victoria Cross pensions, and for pensions to the widows and children of warrant officers, &c.

16. For superannuation, compensation, and com-

passionate allowances, and gratuities

Total Army Services - £

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

2, 288,000 16,000

144,000 10

1, 730,000 2,000

14, 500,000 33, 090

13, 950,000 201, 300

4, 780,000 394, 700

8, 500,000 408,000

3, 730, 700 113, 800 114, 283 68, 200

206, 900 8, 590

275,000 100

1, 861,000 393, 278

1, 379,000 463, 780

186,000 102

72, 999, 490 3, 309, 753

Army (Ordnance Factories).

For the expense of the ordnanco factories, the cost of productions of which is charged to the army, na^y, and Indian and Colonial Governments

204,000

4, 428,000

Total Army Services (including Ordnance \ Factories) - - £ J

73, 203, 400

7, 737, 753

176

Ch. 57.

Appropriation, 1900.

63 & 64 Vict.

Sched. (B.)

Part 7. Civil Services. Class I.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 7.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class I.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums 'which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Sebvices herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1901; viz.: —

No.

1. For expenditure in respect of royal palaces and

Marlborough House -

2. For the royal parks and pleasure gardens

3. For expenditure in respect of the Houses of

Parliament buildings .....

4. For expenditure in respect of miscellaneous

legal buildings ....

5. For expenditure in respect of Art and Science

buildings, Great Britain ...

6. For expenditure in respect of diplomatic and

consular buildings, and for the maintenance of certain cemeteries abroad

7. For the Customs, Inland Revenue, Post Office,

and Post Office Telegraph buildings in Great Britain, and certain Post Offices abroad, including furniture, fuel, and sundry miscellaneous services ...

8. For expenditure in respect of sundry public

buildings in Great Britain not provided for on othor votes -

9. For the survey of the United Kingdom, and for

minor services connected therewith

10. For maintaining certain harbours under the

Board of Trade -

11. For constructing a new harbour of refuge at

Peterhead -

12. For rates and contributions in lieu of rates,

&c., in respect of Government property, and for rates on houses occupied by Representatives of Foreign Powers, and for salaries and expenses of the rating of Government property department, and for a contribution towards the expense of the Metropolitan Fire Brigade -

13. For the erection, repairs, and maintenance of

publio buildings in Ireland, for the maintenance of certain parks and public works, and for the maintenance of drainage works on the River Shannon

14. For payments under the Tramways and Public

Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883, and the Light Railways (Ireland) Acts, 1889 and 1893, the Tramways (Ireland) Act, 1895, and the Railways (Ireland) Act, 1896

Total Civil Se&vicbs, Class I.

Sums not exceeding

1 1 Supply | Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

49,000 113,000 300 5, 800

89,000 300

53,000 750

28,000 70

30,000 1,000

316,000 2, 400

323,000 16, 436

207, 609 29, 005

4, 243 2, 600

24,000

456, 403 17, 700

202, 685 6, 500

105, 487

1, 951, 427 82, 861

1900.

Appropriation Act, 1900. Ch. 57.

177

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 8.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class II.

Schkdulb of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1901; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. tions in Aid.

No.

1. For salaries and expenses of the offices of the House of Lords .... 7, 297 35,000

2. For salaries and expenses in the offices of the House of Commons - 27, 896 30,000

3. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Treasury and subordinate departments ..... 90, 299 3, 150

4. Tor salaries and expenses of the office of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department and subordinate offices - 146, 407 7, 600

5. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs ---- 75, 501 700

6. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Colonies, including a grant iu aid of certain expenses connected with Emigration 7. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council ..... 1 55, 250

12, 340 1, 563

8. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade, and subordinate departments ... | 193, 561 12, 830

9. For the salaries and expenses of certain services transferred from the Mercantile Marine Fund I 94, 018 50, 276

10. For meeting the deficiency of income from fees, &c. for the requirements of the Board of Trade, under the Bankruptcy Acts, 1883 and 1890, and the Companies (Winding-up Act), 1890 8 132, 924

11. For the salaries and expenses of tho Board of Agriculture, and for paying certain grants in aid - 86, 028 9, 100

12. For salaries and expenses of the Charity Commission for England and Wales 39, 036

13. For salaries and expenses of the Civil Service Commission - - - | 43, 774

14. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Comptroller and Auditor General 62, 691 2, 517

15. For salaries and expenses of the Registry of Friendly Societies .... 7, 397 —

SCHED. (B.)

Part 8. Civil Services Class II.

178

Ch. 57.

Appropriation 1900.

63 & 64 Vict.

SCHED. (B.)

Past 8. Civil Services. Class IL

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No.

16. For salaries and expenses of the Local Govern *

ment Board -

17. For salaries and expenses of the office of the

Commissioners in Lunacy in England

18. For salaries and expenses of the Mint, including

the expenses of the coinage ...

19. For salaries and expenses of the National Debt

Office -

20. For salaries and expenses of the Public Record

Office in England -

21. For salaries and expenses of the establishment

under the Public Works Loan Commissioners

22. For salaries and expenses of the department

of the Registrar General of Births, &c. in England .....

23. For stationery, printing, paper, binding, and

printed books, for the public service, and for the salaries and expenses of the Stationery Office, and for sundry miscellaneous services, including the reports of Parliamentary Debates -

24. For salaries and expenses of the office of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and of the office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments For salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings -

For Her Majesty's foreign and other secret services -

27. For salaries and expenses of the office of

Her Majesty's Secretary for Scotland and subordinate offices, including a grant in aid of the Congested Districts (Scotland) Fund -

28. For salaries and expenses of the Fishery Board

for Scotland, and for grants in aid of piers or quays .....

29. For salaries and expenses of the Board of

Lunacy in Scotland ...

30. For salaries and expenses of the department

of the Registrar General of Births, &c. in Scotland .....

31. For salaries and expenses of the Local Govern-

ment Board for Scotland, and for expenses under the Vaccination Act, Infectious Disease Notification Act, Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889, and Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1894, Public Health (Scotland) Act, Poor Law (Scotland) Act, and Sale of Food and Drugs Acts, 1875 to 1899

32. For salaries and expenses of the household of

tho Lord Lieutenant of Ireland

204, 483

14, 778

77

14, 097

23, 838

25

40, 702

600, 060

21, 439

56, 040

65,000

33, 595

18, 649

5, 721

4, 743

12, 508

4, 811

4, 800

1, 122

109, 700

2, 063

10, 900

8, 200

90, 105

500

750

1900.

Appropriation Act, 1900. Ch. 57.

179

No.

33. For salaries and expenses of the offices of the

Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, in Dublin and London, and of the Inspectors of Lunatic Asylums

34. For salaries and expenses of the department of

agriculture and other industries, and technical instruction for Ireland, and of the services administered by that department, including sundry grants in aid

35. For salaries and expenses of the office of the

Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests for Ireland ......

36. For salaries and expenses of the Local Govern-

ment Board in Ireland -

37. For salaries and expenses of the Public Record

Office in Ireland and of the Keeper of the State Papers in Dublin

38. For salaries and expenses of the office of Public

Works in Ireland

39. For salaries and expenses of the department of

the Registrar General of Births, &c., and for expenses of collecting emigration and other statistics in Ireland -

40. For salaries and expenses of the general valua-

tion and boundary survey of Ireland -

Total Civil S kb vices, Class II.

SCHED. (B.) Sums not exceeding Part 8. Civil Servicft*.

Supply Grants. Class II. Appropriations in Aid.

26, 486 314

\ 128, 245 488

2,000 38

54, 339 8, 400

5, 117 —

36, 682 2, 500

15, 814 590

16, 589 14,000

2.347, 341 540, 130

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 9.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class III.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment daring the year ending on the 31st day of March 1901; viz.: —

So HKD. (B.) Pam 9.

Civil Service *, Class III.

No.

1. For the salaries of the law officers department, the salaries and expenses of the department of the Solicitor for the affairs of Her Majesty's Treasury, Queen’s Proctor, and Director of Public Prosecutions, the costs of prosecutions, and of other legal proceedings and of Parliamentary Agency -

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants.

74, 694

tions in Aid.

14, 500

180

Ch. 57.

Appropriation Act, 1900,

03 & 64 Vict.

SCHED. (B.) PahT 9.

Civil Services. CIa«8 III.

No.

2. For certain miscellaneous legal expenses, in-

cluding grants-in-aid of the expenses of the Incorporated Law Societies of England and Ireland -

3. For such of the salaries and expenses of the

Supreme Court of Judicature as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund -

4. For salaries and expenses of the land

registry -

5. For salaries and expenses connected with the

County Courts -

6. For the salaries of the Commissioner and

Assistant Commissioners of the Metropolitan Police, and of the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District, the pay and expenses of officers of Metropolitan Police employed on special duties, and the salaries and expenses of the Inspectors of Constabulary -

7. For the expenses of the prisons in England,

Wales, and the Colonies -

8. For the expense of the maintenance of juvenile

offenders in reformatory, industrial, and day industrial schools in Great Britain, and of the Inspectors of Reformatories

9. For the maintenance of criminal lunutics in

Broadmoor Criminal Lunatic Asylum

10. For salaries and expenses of the Lord Advo-

cate’s department and other law charges, and the salaries and expenses of the Courts of Law and Justico in Scotland -

11. For salaries and expenses of the offices in Her

Majesty's General Register House, Edinburgh

12. For the sal a* i^s and expenses of the Establish.

ment of the Crofters’ Commission

13. For the salaries and expenses of the Prison

Commissioners for Scotland, and of the prisons under their control, including the maintenance of criminal lunatics and the preparation of judicial statistics

14. For the expenses of criminal prosecutions and

other law charges in Ireland -

15. For such of the salaries and expenses of the

Supreme Court of Judicature and of certain other legal departments in Ireland as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund -

16. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the

Irish Land Commission ...

17. For the salaries, allowances, and expenses of

various county court officers, commissioners, and of magistrates in Ireland, and the expenses of revision -IP. For salaries and expenses of the Commissioner of Police, of the police courts and of the metropolitan police establishment of Dublin

Stubs not exceeding

Supply Grants. I Appropriations in Aid.

i i £ i £ 1

1 49, 689 12, 731

325, 490 53,000

33, 246 —

33, 925 I 440,000

] 53, 778 15

618.9 54 40, 400

1 1 261, 623 24,000

41, 916 1, 017

86.652 1 40, 050

44, 237 —

5,000 —

85, 684 4, 600

68, 510 390

107, 262 2, 550

131, 681 15, 434

110, 710 4, 259

96, 150 48, 287

1000.

Appropriation Act, 1900. Ch. 57.

181

Sums not exceeding

No.

19. For the

20. For the expenses of the General Prisons

in Ireland, and of the prisons under their control; and of the registration of habitual criminals .....

21. For the expenses of reformatory and industrial

schools in Ireland ....

22. For the maintenance of criminal lunatics in

Dundrum Criminal Lunatic Asylum, Ireland

Total Civil Services, Class III.

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

1, 352, 408 21, 870

119, 443 3, 500

110, 267 850

6, 406 —

i 3, 817, 765 727, 444

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 10.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class IV.

Schedule of Suns granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the scleral Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 81st day of March 1901; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. tions in Aid.

No. 1. For the salaries and expenses of the Board of Education, and of the various establishments connected therewith, including snndry I £ £

grants in aid 2. For salaries and expenses of the British Museum, and of the Natural History Museum, 9, 585, 099 7, 575

including certain grants in aid ?. For salaries and expenses of the National Gallery, and of the National Gallery of British Art, Millbank, including a grant in 166, 280 8, 625

aid for the purchase of pictures 4. For salaries and expenses of the National Portrait Gallery, including a grant in aid for I 17, 374 1, 600

the purchase of portraits - 1 5. For the salaries and expenses of the Wallace Collection (Hertford House) - - 6. For sundry grants in aid of scientific investiga- 5, 520 —

8, 967 -

tion, Ac., and other grants ... 50, 724 j ""

SuHltD. (B.) Part 9.

Civil Services. Class III.

Sou ED. (B.) Part 10.

Civil Services. Class IV.

182

Ch. 57.

Appropriation, 1900.

63 & 64 Vict.

SCHED. (B.) Part 10.

Civil Services. Class TV.

Sched. (B.) Part 11.

Civil Services. Class V.

No.

7. For grants in aid of the expenses of certain

Universities and Colleges in Great Britain and expenses under the Welsh Intermediate Education Act, 1889 -

8. For salaries and expenses of the University of

London -

9. For public education in Scotland, and for

Science and Art in Scotland -

10. For a grant to the Board of Trustees for manu-

factures in Scotland, in aid of the maintenance of the National Gallery, School of Art and Museum of Antiquities, Scotland -

11. For the expenses of the Commissioners of

National Education in Ireland, including a grant in aid of the Teachers Pension Fund, Ireland (including a supplementary sum of 95, 4341) ......

12. For the expenses of the Office of the Commissioners for managing certain school endowments in Ireland -

13. For salaries and expenses of the National Gallery

of Ireland, including a grant in aid for the purchase of pictures -

14. For a grant in aid of the expenses of the Queen’s

Colleges in Ireland ....

Total Civil Services, Class IV.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. i Appropriations in Aid.

105, 500 —

10 18, 980

1, 320, 318 —

3, 400 —

1, 387, 503 33, 250

915 —

2, 479 —

4, 800 <6, 500

12, 658, 889 75, 530

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 11.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class V.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1901; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. tions in Aid.

I No.

1. For expenses of Her Majesty's embassies and missions abroad, and of consular establishments abroad, and other expenditure chargeable on the Consular Vote ... 475, 384 1 105, 334

1900.

Appropriation Act, 1900. Ch. 57.

183

Sums not exceeding

Supply | Appropria-

Grants. i tions in Aid.

No. 2. For grants in aid of the expenses of the British Protectorates in Uganda and in Central and East Africa and under the Uganda Railway £ £

Act, 1896 ..... 3. For sundry colonial services, including certain grants in aid (including a supplementary 467, 186

sum of 200,000l.) - -4. For a grant in aid of the revenue of the Island 686, 955

of Cyprus -5. For the subsidies to certain Telegraph Com- 32,000 —

panies 52, 350 23,000

Total Civil Services, Class V. - £ 1, 713, 875 I 128, 334

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 12.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VI.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1901; viz.; —

No.

1. For superannuation, retired, compensation, and

compassionate allowances and gratuities under sundry Statutes, for compassionate allowances and gratuities awarded by the Treasury; and for the salaries of medical referees .....

2. For certain pensions to masters and seamen of

the merchant service, and to widows and children of masters and seamen

3. For certain miscellaneous, charitable, and

other allowances ....

4. For hospitals and infirmaries and certain mis-

cellaneous, charitable, and other allowances in Ireland, including sundry grants in aid -

Total Civil Services, Class VI.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

564, 058 —

4, 800 —

1, 725 —

j 17, 468 145

588, 051 145

SCHED. (B0 Part 11.

Civil Services. Class V.

SCHED. (B.) Part 12.

Civil Services. Class VI.

184

Ch. 57.

Appropriation , 1900.

63 & 64 Vict,

SCHED. (B.) Part 13.

Civil Services. Class VII.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 13. CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VII.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, tQ defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, vhich will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1901; viz.: —

No.

1. For salaries and other expenses of temporary

commissions, committees, and special inquiries .....

2. For certain miscellaneous expenses

3. For a grant in aid of the expenses of the Royal

Commission for the British Section of the Paris International Exhibition, 1900

4. For repayments to the Civil Contingencies Fund

of certain miscellaneous advances -

5. For a contribution to the Local Taxation

(Ireland) Account ....

Total Civil Services, Class VII.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

17, 524 9, 370 7, 204

30,000 —

4, 191 —

37, 030 —

98, 115 7, 204

Sched. (B.)

Part 14.

Revenue Departments,

See.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Revenue Departments, &c. herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1901; viz.: —

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 14. REVENUE DEPARTMENTS, &c.

No.

1. For salaries and expenses of the Customs

Department -

2. For salaries and expenses of the Inland Revenue

Department -

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

838, 500 53, 750

1 1, 995, 083 15,000

1900.

Appropriation Act, 1900. Ch. 57, 58.

185

No.

3. For salaries and expenses of the Post Office

services, the expenses of Post Office savings banks, and Government annuities and in* surances, and the collection of the Post Office revenue -

4. For the expenses of the Post Office packet service

5. For salaries and working expenses of the Post

Office telegraph service ...

Total Revenue Departments -

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

8, 843.605 773, 015 138, 440 174, 474

3, 770, 330 86, 437

16, 220, 533 468, 101

Sched. (B.) Part 14. Revenue Departments,

&3.

CHAPTER 58.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Tithe Rentcharge in Ireland.

[8th August 1900.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) Where by virtue of an order under section thirty-two of Amendment the Irish Church Act, 1869, or section seven of the Irish Church of law as to Act, 1869, Amendment Act, 1872, any land is charged for fifty-two years with an annual sum calculated at the rate of four pounds instalments nine shillings per cent, on the purchase money of any tithe of purchase rentcharge, such annual sum shall continue to be paid until forty- "^rent-five payments thereof from the date at which it commenced have charge, been made and no longer. 82 & 88 Vict.

(2.) Where by virtue of any like order any l.tnd is charged for 86 vict a less number of years, at an equivalent annual sum so as to c. 90. discharge the principal and interest of any such purchase money in a less number of years, such annual sum shall continue to be paid until such less number of payments thereof from the date at which it commenced, as will pay off the purchase money on the assumption that the annual sum so charged included interest at the rate of three pounds ten shillings per cent, per annum, have been made and no longer.

2. — (I.) As soon as possible after the passing of this Act the Ascertain-Land Commission shall ascertain, from the appendices to their meet and reports as presented to Parliament in pursuance of section fifty-five of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881, by what amount in each of ratataf* county during the period commencing with and including the in judicial year covered by the annual report dated the twentieth day of vict

September one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six, and ending c. 49.

Tittie Rentcharge (Ireland) Act, 1900. 63 & 64 Vict.

186 Ch. 58.

with that presented last before the passing of this Act, the rents of holdings in respect of which judicial rents have been fixed for a first statutory term, whether by order or by agreement, have, for the entire of such period, been varied by the fixing of such judicial rents, and shall certify the average percentage which such variation represents.

(2.) The Land Commission shall similarly ascertain and certify for each county in respect of every subsequent period of fifteen years the average percentage of variation of judicial rents payable during a second or subsequent statutory term as compared with the judicial rents payable during the last preceding statutory term.

(3.) The Land Commission shall publish their certificates under this section in such manner for giving information to all persons interested, as they think most convenient.

(4.) A copy of every certificate of the Land Commission under this section shall be published in the " Dublin Gazette."

(5.) The production of a printed copy of the " Dublin Gazette, " purporting to be published by the Queen’s authority, and containing the publication of any certificate of the Land Commission under this section, or of a sealed copy issued by the Land Commission of any such certificate, shall be evidence of the contents of such certificate, and of the date thereof, and that it has been duly made.

(6.) The Land Commission shall keep a record in their office of all certificates made by them under this section.

Variation 3. — (1.) During the period of fifteen years, dating from the first

of tithe day of November next after the passing of this Act, the sum rente rge«. payaye in respect of every gale accruing due after that date of any tithe rentcharge payable out of hereditaments situate in any county shall be deemed to be varied, from the amount at which it stood on the twenty-second day of August one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, in accordance with the average percentage of variation of rents declared by the certificate of the Land Commission to have taken place with respect to such county by the fixing of judicial rents for a first statutory term, and shall be payable accordingly.

(2.) During each subsequent period of fifteen years the like variation shall be deemed to be made in all tithe rentcharges from the amount at which they respectively stood immediately before the commencement of such period, in accordance with the average percentage of the variation of judicial rents certified by the Land Commission for the period of fifteen years terminating last before the commencement of each such first-mentioned period respectively and all tithe rentcharges shall be payable accordingly.

(3.) After the passing of this Act no variation shall be made in any tithe rentcharge, save in accordance with the provisions of this Act.

Exclusion of 35 & 36 Vict. c. 90. s. 7, in (he case of certain tithe rentcharge.

4. So much of section seven of the Irish Church Act, 1869, Amendment Act, 1872, as provides for the sale of tithe rentcharges shall not have effect in the case of any tithe rentcharge to which the last preceding section applies.

1900.

Tithe Rentcharge (Ireland), 1900. Ch. 58,

187

5. Any payments of tithe rentcharge made before the passing of this Act in pursuance of any order subsisting at the time of such payments of a court of quarter sessions shall be deemed valid and sufficient, notwithstanding any noncompliance with the provisions of any Act with reference to the variation of tithe rentcharges.

6. — (1.) The amount of tithe rentcharge payable by any person as from the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight shall be deemed to have been and shall hereafter be reduced in respect of every pound in value thereof: —

(a) if the tithe rentcharge is payable out of hereditaments situate within a rural district, by one-half of the standard rate of poor rate certified under section forty-nine of the Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1898, as having been levied off those hereditaments; and

(b) if the tithe rentcharge is payable out of hereditaments situate within an urban district, by the whole of such standard rate so certified as having been levied off those hereditaments:

Provided that from the first half-yearly payment so reduced which accrues due next after the passing of this Act, there may be deducted in respect of every pound thereof one-half of such standard rate, if the tithe rentcharge is payable out of hereditaments situate within a rural district, and the whole of such standard rate if the tithe rentcharge is payable out of hereditaments situate within an urban district.

Provided also that if the total amount paid in respect of any tithe rentcharge accruing due after the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight, and before the gale day next after the passing of this Act, exceeds the amount which would have been payable if this Act had come into operation before the said first day of November, the difference may be deducted from such first half-yearly payment as aforesaid, and if such total amount is less than would have been so payable, the difference shall be paid together with such half-yearly payment.

(2.) Where the hereditaments out of which the tithe rentcharge is payable are situate partly in an urban and partly in a rural district, any question which may arise as to the portions of the tithe rentcharge which are to be deemed for the purposes of this section to be payable in respect of the parts of the hereditaments situate in the rural and urban districts respectively, shall be referred to the Land Commission, whose decision shall be final.

(3.) Section one of the Tithe Rentcharge (Ireland) Act, 1848, (which provides for deduction from rent paid in respect of tithe rentcharge) shall apply, with the necessary modifications, where tithe rentcharge is reduced by virtue of this section, and, in the application of the said section one to tithe rentcharge payable out of hereditaments situate within a rural district "one quarter" shall be substituted for " one half."

7. — (1.) Where the hereditaments out of which any tithe rent-charge is payable are separately owned by several persons liable to

Validation of

previous

payments.

Provision with respect to deduction of poor rate. 61 & 62 Vict. c. 37.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 80.

Liability of owner to

188

Ch. 58.

Tithe Rentcharge (Ireland) Act, 1900. 63 & 64 Vict.

pay proportion of tithe rentcharge.

Exclusion of certain annuities and tithe rentcharge.

Exclusion of 59 & 60 Vict. c. 47. s. 37 (1), in certain cases.

Definitions.

Short title and extent of

Act.

Repeal.

pay the tithe rentcharge, any of such owners shall be liable only to pay such proportion of the whole tithe rentcharge as the rateable value of the hereditaments separately owned by him or them bears to the rateable value of the whole of the hereditaments out of which such tithe rentcharge is payable.

(2.) The proportionate part of a tithe rentcharge payable by any person in pursuance of the foregoing enactment, shall be recoverable from that person by the same remedies and in the same maimer as if he were solely liable for the whole tithe rentcharge.

8. — (1.) Section one of this Act shall not apply to any annual sum charged upon land where the estate or interest therein of the person liable to pay such annual sum has, after the creation of such charge and before the thirteenth day of April one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six, been conveyed to a purchaser on a sale.

(2.) Section three of this Act shall not apply to any tithe rentcharge payable to the Land Commission out of hereditaments where the estate or interest therein of the person liable to pay such tithe rentcharge has, after the tenth day of August one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two and before the twelfth day of May one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, been conveyed to a purchaser on a sale.

(3.) Where the estate or interest conveyed was less than the fee simple this section shall not apply after the determination of such less estate or interest.

(4.) For the purpose of showing that this section does not apply a statutory declaration, or such other evidence as the Land Commission may require, shall be furnished to that Commission, and be primd facie evidence.

(5.) The expression "sale " in this section does not include a mortgage, or a marriage or other family settlement or arrangement, or a sale in any court to the owner of the land sold.

9. Subsection (1) of section thirty-seven of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1896 (which dispenses with the consent of the Treasury to the redemption of tithe rentcharge as therein mentioned), shall not have effect in the case of any tithe rentcharge to which section three of this Act applies.

10. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, —

The expression "the Land Commission" means the Irish Land Commission; and The expression "tithe rentcharge" means a rentcharge in lieu of tithes, whether payable to the Land Commission or to any lay impropriator or other person.

11. This Act may be cited as the Tithe Rentcharge (Ireland) Act, 1900, and shall extend to Ireland only.

12. The Acts specified in the schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of that schedule.

1900.

Tithe Rentcharge (Ireland) Act, 1900. Ch. 58, 59.

189

SCHEDULE. Acts Repealed.

Session and; Chapter. j 1 Short Title.; Extent of Repeal.

1 & 2 Vict. The Poor Relief (Ireland) Section seventy-six.

c. 56. Act, 1838.

1 A2 Vict. The Tithe Rentcharge (Ire- Section thirty-two.

0.109. land) Act, 1888.

CHAPTER 59.

An Act to amend Part III. of the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890.

[8th August 1900 ]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Where any council, other than a rural district council, have Exercise of adopted Part Three of the Housing of the Working Classes Act, P.owr9 cuteide 1890 (in this Act referred to as " the principal Act they may, d, 9tnct* for supplying the needs of their district, establish or acquire lodging houses for the working classes under that Part outside their district.

2. — (1.) The council of any rural district may, with the consent Adoption of of the county council, adopt Part Three of the principal Act, either Part Three of for the whole of their district or for any contributory place or council places therein. 68 & 54 Vict.

(2.) In giving or withholding their consent under this section, c. 7c. the county council shall have regard —

(a) to the area for which it is proposed to adopt the said Part; and

(b) to the necessity for accommodation for the housing of the working classes in that area; and

(c) to the probability of such accommodation being provided without the adoption of the said Part; and

(d) to the liability which will be incurred by the rates, and to the question whether it is, under all the circumstances, prudent for the district council to adopt the said Part.

(3.) The principal Act is hereby repealed to the extent mentioned 58 54 vict *

in the third column of the schedule to this Act.

190

Provision* m to metropolitan borough councils.

Accounts.

Leases by local authority for building lodging houses.

Powers of county council to act on default of rural council.

4

Ch. 59. Housing of the Working Classes 63 & 64 Vict *

Act, 1900.

3. — (1.) Any expenses incurred by the council of a metropolitan borough under Part III. of the principal Act, whether within or without the borough, shall be defrayed as part of the ordinary expenses of the council, and in that Act the expressions "district, " " local authority, " and " local rate " shall, for the purposes of Part III. of the Act, include a metropolitan borough, the council of the borough, and the general rate of the borough.

(2.) Where the council of a metropolitan borough adopt Part III. of the principal Act, the power of the council to borrow for the purposes of that Part shall be exerciseable in the like manner and subject to the like conditions as the power of the council to borrow for the purposes of Part IL of that Act.

4. Where land acquired by a council under Part III. of the principal Act is appropriated for the purpose of re-housing persons displaced by the council under the powers of any other Part of that Act or of any other enactment, the receipts and expenditure in respect of that land (including all costs in respect of the acquisition and laying out of the land), and of any buildings erected thereon, may be treated as receipts and expenditure under that Part or enactment, but shall be accounted for under a separate head.

5. — (1.) The local authority, if not a rural district council, with the consent of the Local Government Board, and if a rural district council with the consent of the county council, may lease any land acquired by them under and for the purposes of Part III. of the principal Act to any lessee for the purpose and under the condition that the lessee will carry the Act into execution by building and maintaining on the land lodging houses within the meaning of the Act; and the local authority shall insert in every lease all necessary provisions for insuring the user of the land and buildings for lodging houses within the meaning of the Act, and in particular the local authority shall insert in any lease provisions binding the lessee to build on the land as in the lease prescribed, and to maintain and repair the buildings, and securing the use of the buildings exclusively as lodging houses within the meaning of the Act, and prohibiting any addition to or alteration of the character of the buildings without the consent of the local authority; and also a provision for the re-entry of the local authority on the land on the breach of any of the terms of the lease; and every deed or instrument of demise of the land or buildings shall be endorsed with notice of this subsection.

Provided that in the case of a council in London, the consent of a Secretary of State shall be substituted for the consent of the Local Government Board.

(2.) Sections sixty-one and sixty-two of the principal Act shall not extend to any lodging house to which this section applies.

6. The council of any administrative county, if a parish council shall resolve that a rural district council ought to have taken steps for the adoption of Part III. of the principal Act, or to have exercised their powers under that Part, and have failed to do so,

1900.

Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1900. Ch. 59.

191

may, if "satisfied after due inquiry that the district council have so failed, resolve that the powers of the district council for the purposes of that Part shall be transferred to the county council with respect to the parish, and they shall be transferred accordingly, and the resolution shall, if necessary, have effect as an adoption of that Part by the district council, and, subject to the provisions of this Act, section sixty-three of the Local 56 & 57 Vict. Government Act, 1894, shall apply as if the powers had been c*78* transferred under that Act.

7. Where land is acquired under Part III. of the principal Act otherwise than by agreement, any question as to the amount of |JJ!SjL8XtMm compensation which may arise shall in default of agreement be determined by a single arbitrator to be appointed and removable

by the Local Government Board, and subsections (5), (7), (8), (10), and (11) of section forty-one of the Act shall apply as in the case of an arbitration under that section. Provided that in the case of a council in London a Secretary of State shall be substituted for the Local Government Board.

8. — (1.) This Act may be cited as the Housing of the Working bbort title Classes Act, 1900, and the Housing of the Working Classes Acts, *ndextent-1890 to 1894, and this Act may be cited together as the Housing

of the Working Classes Acts, 1890 to 1900.

(2.) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland.

SCHEDULE

Repeal.

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

53 & 54 Vict. The Housing of the c. 70. "Working Classes

Act, 1890.

The proviso to section fifty-fonr. Section fifty-five.

In section sixty-five, the words from " and save where " to " bear such expenses, " and the words "at

* 4Via fimof tba nnKlinafinn of

"the certificate" and ‘‘who publish the same."

the time of the publication of

flin rtar+ifino* avw^ nrliA

192

Ch. 60.

Tramways (Ireland) Act, 1900. 66 & 64 Vict.

Extent of Act.

Amendment of

Acts.

59 & 60 Vict. c. 34.

28 & 24 Vict. c. 152.

Exemption from application of

28 & 24 Vict. c. 152. s. 48.

CHAPTER 60.

An Act to amend the Tramways (Ireland) Acts, 1860 to 1896.

[8th August 1900.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act shall extend only to Ireland.

2. The Tramways (Ireland) Acts, 1860 to 1896, as interpreted by the Railways (Ireland) Act, 1896, are hereby amended as follows: —

(1.) Section nineteen of the Tramways (Ireland) Act, 1860, shall be read and construed as if the words "The Lands Clauses Acts" were inserted therein in lieu of the words "The Lands " Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and the Railways Act " (Ireland), 1851."

(2.) Any Order in Council under the Tramways (Ireland) Acts, 1860 to 1896, may provide that section forty-two of the Tramways (Ireland) Act, 1860, shall not apply to the tramway authorised by the Order.

(3.) Where any light railway or tramway constructed under the Tramways (Ireland) Acts, 1860 to 1896, has not been aided out of moneys provided by Parliament, no guarantee of a county district granted after the passing of this Act under those Act8 as amended by this Act shall be deemed to impose any liability on any county district in respect of the default on the part of the promoters of such light railway or tramway in completing, working, and maintaining the undertaking, and any such guarantee of a county district shall be deemed to guarantee only the payment of dividends not exceeding four per centum upon so much of the share capital of the undertaking as is for the time being paid up capital as defined by the said Acts, provided that such guarantee shall operate only during the period authorised for the construction of the light railway or tramway or any extension or extensions of such period, and thereafter only during such period or periods (whether consecutive or not) as the light railway or tramway is open for traffic and is working.

3. Any Order in Council under the Tramways (Ireland) Acts, 1860 to 1896, may provide that so much of section forty-three of the Tramways (Ireland) Act, 1860, as prohibits a house wholly built of stone or brick with lime, or any of the outbuildings or offices thereof, or any part of any yard, haggard, or orchard, from being taken for the purpose of the undertaking without the consent in writing of the owner respectively, shall not apply to the tramway authorised by the Order.

1900.

Tramways (Ireland 1900. Ch. 60, 61.

193

4. This Act may be cited as the Tramways (Ireland) Act, 1900, Short title, and this Act and the Tramways (Ireland) Acts, 1860 to 1896,

may be cited collectively as the Tramways (Ireland) Acts, 1860 to 1900.

5. All words and expressions in this Act which are not thereby interpretation defined or explained, and are defined or explained in any of the *nd construc-Tramways (Ireland) Acts, 1860 to 1896, have, unless there is tion* something inconsistent in the context, the same meaning as in the

said Acts, and the said Acts as varied by this Act shall so far as is consistent with the tenor thereof be read and construed as one Act.

CHAPTER 01.

An Act to provide for raising a Supplemental Loan for the Service of the Year ending the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and one.

[8th August 1900.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

AI7 E Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies granted to Your Majesty, have resolved that sums not exceeding thirteen million pounds be raised in manner provided by this Act; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) In addition to the sums authorised to be raised by the Borrowing for War Loan Act, 1900, any further sums required for raising the purpose of supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending year foooo-i the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and one or for 63 vict> c 2 paying off any security issued under this Act may be raised up to an amount not exceeding thirteen million pounds by all or any of the following methods, namely, by means of a Supplemental War Loan or by means of the issue of Treasury bills or Exchequer bonds.

(2.) The Supplemental War Loan shall be raised in the same manner as the Special War Loan under the War Loan Act, 1900, by the issue of War Stock or War Bonds as provided by that Act; and that Act shall apply with respect to the Supplemental War Loan as it applies with respect to the Special War Loan.

(3.) The Treasury may fix the date from which dividends are to be payable on any War Stock or War Bonds issued for the purpose of the Supplemental War Loan, and the date so fixed shall, as regards any War Stock or War Bonds so issued, be substituted in section four of the War Loan Act, 1900, for the sixth day of April nineteen hundred. r '

N

194 Ch. 61, 62. Supplement Wen* Loan 63 & 64 Viol.

Act, 1900.

(4.) The principal of, and the interest on, any Exchequer Bonds issued under this Act shall be charged on and be payable out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof.

short title. 2. This Act may be cited as the Supplemental War Loan Act, 1900.

Amendment of 40 & 41 Vict. c. 59. 8. 19, as to Colonial

Stock.

Power for trustees to invest in Colonial Stock.

56 & 57 Vict c. 53.

Application to Scotland.

[Short title.]

40 & 41 Vict. c. 59.

55 St 56 Vict, c. 85.

CHAPTER 62.

An Act to amend the Colonial Stock Acts, 1877 and 1892, and the Trustee Act, 1893.

[8th August 1900.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. For the purpose of enabling the Colonial Stock Acts, 1877 and 1892, to be applied to stock issued before the passing of this Act, it shall not be necessary that any prospectus, notice, stock certificate, coupon, dividend warrant, or other certificate or document issued before the passing of this Act in relation to the stock, should state the particulars required to be stated therein by section nineteen of the Colonial Stock Act, 1877.

2. The securities in which a trustee may invest under the powers of the Trustee Act, 1893, shall include any Colonial Stock which is registered in the United Kingdom in accordance with the provisions of the Colonial Stock Acts, 1877 and 1892, as amended by this Act, and with respect to which there have been observed such conditions (if any) as the Treasury may by order notified in the London Gazette prescribe.

The restrictions mentioned in section two subsection (2) of the Trustee Act, 1893, with respect to the stocks therein referred to shall apply to Colonial Stock. The Treasury shall keep a list of any Colonial Stocks in respect of which the provisions of this Act are for the time being complied with, and shall publish the list in the London and Edinburgh Gazettes, and in such other manner as may give the public full information on the subject.

3. In the application of this Act to Scotland the words "Trusts (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1884, " shall be substituted for the words "Trustee Act, 1893, " where those words first occur in section two, and the restrictions mentioned at the end of the said section shall apply.

4. This Act may be cited as the Colonial Stock Act, 1900, and the Colonial Stock Acts, 1877 and 1892, and this Act may be cited collectively as the Colonial Stock Acts, 1877 to 1900.

1900.

Local Government (Ireland), 1900. Ch. 63.

195

CHAPTER 63.

An Act to amend sections forty-two, fifty-one, fifty-four, sixty-nine, one hundred and three, one hundred and fifteen, and one hundred and twenty-one of the Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1898, and Articles nineteen, twenty-four, and thirty-six of the Schedule to the Local Government (Application of Enactments) Order, 1898.

[8th August 1900.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. If a petition in pursuance of subsection (1) of section Amendment of forty-two of the principal Act against an Order of the Local 61 2^vit* Government Board is withdrawn before the date fixed in that °g to 4ith- '* behalf in the Order, the said subsection shall have effect in like drawai of manner as if the petition had not been received. petition.

2. Notwithstanding anything in section fifty-one of the principal Amendment of Act, the council of any county or of any urban district may, if 81 they think fit, either immediately prior to or at the beginning of to making of* each local financial year, make one poor rate for the whole financial poor rate, year and collect the same in equal moieties, one moiety for each half year.

3. — (1.) Section fifty-four of the principal Act shall be deemed Amendment of to have had effect as from the gale day last before the appointed 81 68 vict-day under that Act in the case of any tenancy one of the gale ^je day days of which is in March. and as to

(2.) Subsection (4) of the said section fifty-four shall apply with the necessary modifications, and shall be deemed to have so urban applied as from the gale day last before or next after the appointed district8' day under the principal Act, as the case requires, where a deduction is or has been made from rent by virtue of subsection (11) of the said section, either as amended or not, in like manner as it applies where rent is reduced. Provided that where a person receiving and paying rent in respect of the same holding would not, if the principal Act or this Act had not passed, have been entitled to deduct more than half the poor rate from the rent paid by him, the reduction or deduction which may be made under the said subsection (4), either as extended or not, shall be calculated on the assumption that the occupier was entitled to deduct half the standard amount for poor rate in the standard financial year.

(3.) Where an occupier is entitled under subsection (11) of the said section fifty-four to deduct from his rent a portion of the poor rate, he shall, instead of deducting the portion mentioned in the

O

196

Ch. 63. Local Government (Ireland) , 1900 63 & 64 Vict.

Amendment of 61 & 62 Vict. c. 87. s. 69, as to salaries of officers.

Amendment of 61 & 62 Vict. c. 87. s. 103, as to expenses.

Power to grant gratuities under 61 & 62 Vict. c. 37. s. 115 (19), and to commute allowances.

said subsection, be and, as from the gale day last before or next after the appointed day under the principal Act as the case requires, be deemed to have been, entitled to deduct a sum bearing the same proportion to the amount of poor rate actually paid by him from time to time in respect of the holding (exclusive of any amount raised as a separate item thereof under the principal Act) as the total amount he would have been entitled to deduct in the standard financial year, whether on account of poor rate or county cess, or both, on the assumption that the standard amounts for poor rate and county cess were raised in that year, bears to the standard amount for poor rate and county cess added together.

(4.) The expression "lease" in the 'said subsection (11) shall include a fee farm grant.

(5.) Any sum paid by any person which would not have been payable if this section had been in the principal Act, may be recovered as a debt from the person to whom it was paid.

4. In section sixty-nine of the principal Act, the following provision shall be inserted and shall be deemed to have had effect as from the appointed day under the principal Act: —

" For the purpose of the application of section one hundred and ten of the Grand Juries Act, 1836, to any county of a city constituted by this Act, that county of a city sh^ll be treated in the same manner as the city of Cork is treated for the purposes of the said section."

5. Any expenses of the Appeal Commission and of any officer assigned by the Local Government Board to assist the Commission mentioned in section one hundred and three of the principal Act incurred after the thirty-first day of March last before the passing of this Act, shall be defrayed out of the sums paid to the Local Taxation (Ireland) Account under section fifty-eight of the principal Act.

6. — (1.) Where an officer becomes after the passing of this Act entitled to compensation in pursuance of subsection (19) of section one hundred and fifteen of the principal Act, the council by whom the compensation is payable may, if they think fit, on the application of such officer, award him in lieu of an annual allowance, a gratuity according to the scale in Fart One of the Seventh Schedule to the principal Act, and the amount of any such gratuity shall in case of dispute be determined by the Treasury.

(2.) Where an annual allowance has before the passing of this Act been awarded to an officer under the said subsection the council may, if they think fit, on the application of the officer, commute the allowance by the payment of a gratuity calculated on the basis contained in the Schedule to this Act.

(3.) The provision of a gratuity by a council under this section shall be a purpose for which such council may borrow in accordance with the enactments relating to borrowing by such council.

1900.

Local Government (Ireland), 1900. Ch. 63.

197

7. Where the duties under the Juries (Ireland) Acts 1871 to Amendment of 1894, are performed by an existing clerk of a union in pursuance

of section one hundred and twenty-one of the principal Act, the to certain expenses thereby incurred shall be raised equally over the whole expenses, county.

8. Notwithstanding anything in Article nineteen of the Schedule Amendment of

to the Local Government (Application of Enactments) Order, 1898, of

the audit of the accounts of receipts or payments in respect of the order.TsW, poor rate, or money raised by the poor rate, in every urban district Schedule, shall be yearly. Article 19.

9. Article twenty-four of the Schedule to the Local Government Amendment ot (Application of Enactments) Order, 1898, shall apply to every ttSmu01 town in like manner as it applies to any county borough or other eSS’uJ0* borough, and shall also apply to the powers conferred by section Article 24 eight of the Municipal Corporations (Ireland) Act, 1843, by section e a 7 Vict. c. 98. ten of the Baths and Wash-houses (Ireland) Act, 1846, by section 9 a 10 vict c. 87. five of the Public Libraries (Ireland) Act, 1877, and by sections ao 441 Vict. c. 15. ninety-eight and ninety-nine of the Housing of the Working w* wvict. c. 70. Classes Act, 1890.

[Amendment of

10. Notwithstanding anything, in Article thirty-six of the Schedule to the Local Government (Application of Enactments) Enactment*0* Order, 1898, in no case shall a larger quorum than seven members

be required in the case of any rural district council. Article se.

---

[Short title, construction, and commencement of Act.]

11. — (1.) This Act may be cited as the Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1900, and shall be construed as one with the Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1898, which is in this Act referred to as "the principal Act," and the principal Act and this Act may be cited together as the Local Government (Ireland) Acts, 1898 and 1900.

(2.) Subject as in this Act mentioned, this Act shall come into operation on the first day of April next after the passing thereof, or on such other day not more than twelve months earlier or later as the Local Government Board may appoint, either generally or with reference to any particular provision of this Act.

198 Ch. 63. Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1900. 63 & 64 Vict.

SCHEDULE.

Basis of Commutation.

Age next Birthday. - Number of Years' Purchase.

21 - 15.00258

22 - 14.96111

23 - 14.92519

24 - 14.88969

25 - 14.85191

26 - 14.80890

27 - 14.74746

28 - 14.67951

29 - 14.60551

30 - 14.52581

31 - 14.44054

32 - 14.35005

33 - 14.25257

34 - 14.14731

35 - 14.03442

36 - 13.91478

37 - 13.79016

38 - 13.66060

39 - 13.52738

40 - 13.38854

41 - 13.24313

42 - 13.08568

43 - 12.92050

44 - 12.74483

45 - 12.55834

46 - 12.36096

47 - 12.14690

48 - 11.92339

49 - 11.69128

50 - 11.45362

51 - 11.21356

52 - 10.98145

53 - 10.75133

54 - 10.62560

55 - 10.30351

56 - 10.08363

57 - 9.86670

58 - 9.64896

59 - 9.42649

60 - 9.19800

61 - 8.95666

62 - 8.70132

63 - 8.43435

64 - 8.16571

65 - 7.89588

66 - 7.62437

67 - 7.37082

68 - 7.11881

69 - 6.86850

70 - 6.62170

71 - 6.38068

72 - 6.14448

73 - 5.90561

74 - 5.65540

75 - 5.39538

76 - 6.12566

77 - 4.81532

78 - 4.60565

79 - 4.20762

80 - 3.91477

199

TABLE III.

A

TABLE

OF

The Titles of the Local and Private Acts passed during the Session.

63 & 64 VICTORIA - A.D. 1900.

LOCAL ACTS.

The Titles to which the Letter P. is prefixed Public Acts of a Local Character.

Royal Assent, 9th April 1900.

P. i. AN Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Secretary of State under the Military Lands Act 1892. (Lands Provisional Order Confirmation.)

ii. An Act to increase the limit of the Note issue of the Colonial Bank and for other purposes. (Colonial Bank.)

Royal Assent, 25th May 1900.

iii. An Act to explain vary or alter the Deed of Settlement of the Universal Life Assurance Society and for other purposes. (Universal Life Assurance Society's.)

iv. An Act for regulating the rating of Pontefract Park in the west riding of the County of York in respect of poor rates and for other purposes. (Pontefract Park (Poor Rate).)

V. An Act to amend the City and South London Railway Acts 1893 and 1898. (City and South London Railway.)

vi. An Act to enable the Cheshire Lines Committee to make a new railway to acquire additional lands to stop up certain streets and for other purposes. (Cheshire Lines.)

vii. An Act to confer further powers on the Scottish Widows’ Fund and Life Assurance Society and the Directors thereof to amend the Acts relating to the Society and for other purposes. (Scottish Widows’ Fund and Life Assurance Society’s.)

viii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Redhill Gas Company and for other purposes. (Redhill Gas.)

ix. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers upon the Rugeley Gas Company and for other purposes. (Rugeley Gas.)

x. An Act to extend the powers of the Charing Cross Euston and Hampstead Railway Company and for other purposes. (Charing Cross Euston and Hampstead Railway.)

xi. An Act for rendering valid certain Letters Patent granted to Alexander Imschenetzky for an Invention for manufacture of fireproof and insulating compounds known as Uralite. (Uralite Patent.)

xii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Kingston-upon-Thames and for other purposes. (Kingston-upon-Thames Corporation.)

xiii. An Act to authorise the Newport (Monmouthshire) Gas Company to extend their limits for the supply of gas to consolidate and increase their capital and for other purposes. (Newport (Monmouthshire) Gas.)

xiv. An Act to confer further powers on the Grantham Gas Company and for other purposes. (Grantham Gas.)

xv. An Act to authorise the Kingston-upon-Thames Gas Company to raise additional capital convert their existing capital acquire lands amend their existing Acts and for other purposes. (Kingston-upon-Thames Gas.)

xvi. An Act to confer further powers upon the Southampton Harbour Board and for other purposes. (Southampton Harbour.)

xvii. An Act to enable the Wetherby District Water Company to extend their limits of supply construct additional waterworks and for other purposes. (Wetherby District Water.)

xviii. An Act for authorising the Army and Navy Investment Trust Company Limited to prepare and cany into effect a Scheme or Schemes of Arrangement with its stockholders or with the holders of either class of stock and to reduce its capital and for other purposes. (Army and Navy Investment Trust Company (Limited).)

xix. An Act to transfer all the property and liabilities of Mason University College in the city of Birmingham to the University of Birmingham and to repeal the Mason University College Act 1897 to confer certain powers on the said University and for other purposes. (Birmingham University.)

xx. An Act to alter the capital of the New Russia Company Limited and for other purposes. (New Russia Company.)

P. xxi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State under the Metropolitan Police Act 1886 and the Metropolitan Police Courts Act 1897 relating to lands in the parishes of St. Mary Stratford Bow East Molesey and Clerkenwell. (Metropolitan Police Provisional Order Confirmation.)

P. xxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Brierley Hill Cleethorpes-with-Thrunscoe Elland Exmouth Newark Penzance Prestwich Redcar Sowerby Bridge and Whitefield. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

Royal Assent, 25th June 1900.

xxiii. An Act to confirm the issue by the Rhymney Iron Company Limited of certain shares credited as partly paid up. (Rhymney Iron Company's.)

xxiv. An Act for rendering valid certain Letters Patent granted to Melvin Batchlor Church for the manufacture of an improved compound for coating and decorating walls and other surfaces and for the production of casts or mouldings and for analogous purposes. (Church's Patent.)

xxv. An Act to enable the Urban District Council of Otley to construct additional waterworks and for other purposes. (Otley Urban Distinct Council (Waterworks).)

xxvi. An Act to empower the Cork Bandon and South Coast Railway Company to stop up certain level crossings and substitute bridges to divert and alter certain roads to construct an aerial ropeway to acquire additional lands to consolidate their debenture stocks and amend their Act of 1888 as to the consolidation of preference stocks to subscribe to the Bantry Bay Steamship Company Limited to confer further powers upon the Company and for other purposes. (Cork Bandon and South Coast Railway.)

xxvii. An Act for supplying with water the borough of Higham Ferrers and certain parishes and places adjacent thereto in the county of Northampton. (Higham Ferrers Water.)

xxviii. An Act to convert the capital of the Cleethorpes Gas Company to raise additional capital to construct works and for other purposes. (Cleethorpes Gas.)

xxix. An Act to further amend the Acts relating to the harbour of Dundee and for other purposes. (Dundee Harbour (Amendment).)

xxx. An Act to confer further powers on the London Brighton and South Coast Railway Company and for other purposes. (London Brighton and South Coast Railway (Various Powers).)

xxxi. An Act for empowering the Governments Stock and other Securities Investment Company Limited to increase the dividend upon its Preferred Ordinary Stock and to amend the Governments Stock Investment Company Limited Act 1887. (Governments Stock and other Securities Investment Company Limited.)

xxxii. An Act for the granting of further powers to the Southport Waterworks Company. (Southport Water.)

xxxiii. An Act to extend the periods limited for the purchase of lands for and for the completion of the harbour works to enable the Commissioners to borrow further money and for other purposes. (Hastings Harbour.)

xxxiv. An Act to amend the Maidenhead Gas Act 1876 and to confer further powers upon the Maidenhead Gas Company. (Maidenhead Gas.)

xxxv. An Act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Glastonbury to supply gas and to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of the Glastonbury Gas and Coke Company Limited to the Corporation and for other purposes. (Glastonbury Corporation Gas.)

xxxvi. An Act to enable the Manchester Ship Canal Company to acquire the Manchester Racecourse and other lands and to construct a new dock railway and works to establish a thrift fund for their officers and servants and for other purposes. (Manchester Ship Canal.)

xxxvii. An Act to amend the Central London Railway Act 1891 with reference to cheap fares for labouring classes. (Central London Railway.)

xxxviii. An Act to constitute an Inebriates Acts Board for the County Palatine of Lancaster and for other purposes. (Lancashire Inebriates Acts Board.)

xxxix. An Act for empowering the Dorking Water Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Dorking Water.)

xl. An Act to enable the Fishguard Water and Gas Company to extend their limits of supply to construct additional waterworks and gasworks to change the name of the Company and for other purposes. (North Pembrokeshire Water and Gas.)

xli. An Act to authorise the Rural District Council of Wharfedale to purchase the undertaking of the Menstone Waterworks Company and for other purposes. (Menstone Waterworks (Transfer).)

xlii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Newport for the construction of a bridge over the River Usk and of tramways and other works and for other purposes. (Newport Corporation.)

xliii. An Act to empower the Urban District Council of the Urban District of Newtown and Llanllwchaiarn to supply gas and to purchase the undertaking of the Newtown and Llanllwchaiarn Gas and Coke Company Limited and for other purposes. (Newtown and Llanllwchaiarn Urban District Gas.)

xliv. An Act to empower the Urban District Council of Cowes to construct a pier and other works to borrow moneys therefor and for other purposes. (Cowes Pier.)

xlv. An Act to enable the Great Central Railway Company to make new railways and other works to acquire additional lands to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of certain lands for the completion of certain railways and for the sale of superfluous lands to raise additional capital to define and regulate the existing capital of the Company to confer further powers upon the Wrexham Mold and Connah’s Quay Railway Company the Liverpool St. Helens and South Lancashire Railway Company and the Nottingham Joint Station Committee and for other purposes. (Great Central Railway.)

P. xlvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Basingstoke Erdington Famham Felixstowe and Walton Leek Littleborough Maryport Nantwich Ormskirk and Penrith. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. xlvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Allerton Much Woolton Little Woolton and Childwall Barnet Barnstaple Birkenhead (Extension) Bonchurch Boston Brierfield Egremont Hyde and Sudbury. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. xlviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Bredbury and Romiley Bridlington Cheadle and Gatley Hebburn Kendal Long Eaton Lythnm Ormesby Sleaford and Tunstall (with Goldenhill and Chell). (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. xlix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Bishop Auckland Caterham (with Warlingham) Cowpen Grantham Nuneaton and Chilvers Coton Ogmore Valley Redruth St. Helen’s (Isle of Wight) South Blyth and Weybridge. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

Royal Assent, 10th July 1900.

P. l. An Act to confirm a Scheme relating to Petersham Common in the Parish of Petersham and Borough of Richmond in the County of Surrey. (Metropolitan Commons (Petersham) Supplemental.)

P. li. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Town of Westport. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. lii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Town of Skibbereen. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. liii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Dewsbury Llandudno Macclesfield Manchester Newton in Mackerfield and Wigan. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. liv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Aberavon Buralem the Chesterfield Gas and Water Board District Colne Fenton and Kendal. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. lv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Barnsley (Rural) Featherstone Hambledon (Rural) Lutterworth (Rural) Orsett (Rural) St. Helens Wigan and the Wirral Joint Hospital District. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. lvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Ilkeston and Rothwell (Northampton). (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (Gas).)

P. lvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 to increase the number of Magistrates in the Burgh of Leith. (Leith Burgh Order Confirmation.)

P. lviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Hoy lake and West Kirby Gas and Water Manningtree and Mistley (Essex) Gas South Elmsall South Kirkby and North Elmsall Gas and Steyning and District Water. (Gas and Water Orders Confirmation.)

P. lix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Acts 1870 to 1899 to enable the School Boards for Brighton and Preston United District Liverpool Plymouth Salford and Willesden to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Board Provisional Orders Confirmation (Brighton and Preston United District, &c.).)

P. lx. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Eastbourne Ilfracombe Lowestoft and Portessie. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

lxi. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Great Berkhampstead Waterworks Company. (Great Berkhampstead Waterworks.)

lxii. An Act to authorise the Commissioners of the Burgh of Motherwell to provide an additional water supply to the burgh and to make and maintain new and additional waterworks and for other purposes. (Motherwell Water (Additional Supply).)

lxiii. An Act to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of the Morecambe Gas and Light Company to the Morecambe Urban District Council and to confer further powers on the said Council with respect to the supply of gas and for other purposes. (Morecambe Urban District Council (Gas).)

lxiv. An Act to make new provisions with respect to the governing body of the Schools of King Edward the Sixth in Birmingham and with respect to the management of the schools property and revenues under their control and to confer further powers on the said governing body and for other purposes. (Birmingham (King Edward the Sixth) Schools).)

lxv. An Act to authorise the sale of the undertaking of the Ossett Gas Company to the Corporation of Ossett and to empower the Corporation to supply gas within the Borough of Ossett and places adjacent thereto. (Ossett Corporation Gas.)

lxvi. An Act to extend the boundaries of the Borough of Southport to authorise the construction of tramways and to confer further powers on the Corporation with respect to the supply of gas and electricity and for other purposes. (Southport Extension and Tramways.)

lxvii. An Act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the County Borough of Stockport to construct tramways in the borough and for other purposes. (Stockport Corporation Tramways.)

lxviii. An Act to amend in certain respects the Acts relating to the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board and for other purposes. (Mersey Docks and Harbour.)

lxix. An Act to authorise the Paignton Urban District Council to construct additional waterworks and for other purposes. (Paignton Urban District Water.)

lxx. An Act for enabling the Brewery and Commercial Investment Trust Limited to arrange for the extinction of its Founders Shares for issuing shares in satisfaction of such shares for subdividing the stock of the Company and creating certain preferences and for other purposes. (Brewery and Commercial Investment Trust Limited Conversion of Shares.)

lxxi. An Act to extend the powers of the Bristol Waterworks Company for the protection of the purity of their waters. (Bristol Waterworks.)

lxxii. An Act to remove doubts as to the investment of moneys belonging to the Life Fund of the Commercial Union Assurance Company Limited in the name of the Company and for other purposes. (Commercial Union Assurance Company (Limited).)

lxxiii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Milford Docks Company and for other purposes. (Milford Docks.)

lxxiv. An Act to amend the provisions of the Local Acts and Orders in force in the City of Birmingham which relate to Birmingham Corporation Stock and to make further and better provisions with respect to the borrowing of money by the Corporation of Birmingham. (Birmingham Corporation (Stock).)

lxxv. An Act for empowering the Scottish American Investment Company Limited to create a preference stock and for other purposes relating thereto. (Scottish American Investment Company Limited.)

lxxvi. An Act to confer further powers on the Bedford Gas light Company. (Bedford Gas.)

lxxvii. An Act to confer upon the Neath Harbour Commissioners further powers for the improvement of the Harbour to reduce and regulate the indebtedness and borrowing powers of the Commissioners and for other purposes. (Neath Harbour.)

lxxviii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Taff Vale Railway Company with reference to the construction of works and the acquisition of lands and for other purposes. (Taff Vale Railway.)

lxxix. An Act to confer powers upon the Urban District Council of Hoylake and West Kirby for the construction of a parade new streets pier and other works to authorise the inclosure of the Great Meols Common and for other purposes. (Hoylake and West Kirby Improvement.)

lxxx. An Act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the city of Wakefield to purchase the undertaking of the Wakefield Borough Market Company and to make further provision in regard to the markets and slaughter-houses of the said city and for other purposes. (Wakefield Corporation Market.)

lxxxi. An Act for empowering the British Gas Light Company Limited to erect new works and to expend further capital at their Staffordshire Potteries Station. (British Gas Light Company Limited (Staffordshire Potteries).)

lxxxii. An Act for conferring further powers on the Glasgow and South Western Railway Company for the construction of works and the acquisition of lands for extending the powers of the Glasgow and Renfrew District Railway Company for the compulsory purchase of lands for empowering the Glasgow and South Western Railway Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Glasgow and South Western Railway.)

lxxxiii. An Act for conferring further powers on the South Eastern Railway Company in reference to their own undertaking and the undertakings of other Companies in which they are interested and for other purposes. (South Eastern Railway.)

lxxxiv. An Act to amend the Hamilton Burgh Act 1878 and for other purposes. (Hamilton Burgh.)

lxxxv. An Act to enable the North Warwickshire Water Company to extend their limits of supply to construct additional waterworks and for other purposes. (North Warwickshire Water.)

lxxxvi. An Act to authorise the construction of a bridge across the River Mersey and Manchester Ship Canal between Widnes and Runcorn and for other purposes. (Widnes and Runcorn Bridge.)

lxxxvii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Corporation of the City of Lincoln with respect to tramways and to authorise the Corporation to construct new tramways and to work Tramways within and without the City and to borrow money and for other purposes. (Lincoln Corporation (Tramways, &c.).)

lxxxviii. An Act to empower the City of London Electric Lighting Company Limited to acquire lands and work generating stations and for other purposes. (City of London Electric Lighting.)

lxxxix. An Act for conferring further powers on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company with relation to their own undertaking and upon that Company and the London and North Western Railway Company with relation to the Preston and Wyre Railway and for other purposes. (Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway.)

xc. An Act for incorporating the Woodbridge District Water Company and empowering them to construct works and supply water and for other purposes. (Woodbridge District Water.)

xci. An Act to authorise the Wirral Railway Company to work the traffic on their railways by electrical or other motive power and for other purposes. (Wirral Railway.)

xcii. An Act to authorise the Sheffield District Railway Company to construct a branch railway bridges and other works in connexion with their undertaking and to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Sheffield District Railway,)

xciii. An Act to empower the Eastern District Committee of the County Council of the County of Stirling to construct waterworks and to supply water within their district to authorise the County Council of the County of Stirling to acquire lands and servitudes for the purposes of such water supply to authorise and require the said County Council to levy assessments and to borrow money and for other purposes. (East Stirlingshire Water.)

Royal Assent, 30th July 1900.

xciv. An Act to consolidate and convert the capital of the Hartlepool Gas and Water Company and to enable that Company to raise additional moneys and for other purposes. (Hartlepool Gas and Water.)

xcv. An Act for the abandonment of the Latimer Road and Acton Railway. (Latimer Road and Acton Railway.)

xcvi. An Act to authorise the Urban District Council of Mountain Ash to construct additional waterworks and gasworks and for other purposes. (Mountain Ash Water and Gas.)

xcvii. An Act to incorporate the Airdrie and Coatbridge Tramways Company and to empower that Company to make and maintain tramways and for other purposes. (Airdrie and Coatbridge Tramways.)

xcviii. An Act to constitute and incorporate a Water Trust for the Burghs of Coatbridge and Airdrie and the districts adjacent thereto in the County of Lanark to transfer to and vest in such Trust the undertaking of the Airdrie and Coatbridge Water Company and for other purposes. (Airdrie Coatbridge and District Water Trust.)

xcix. An Act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the County Borough of Brighton to construct and work tramways to erect electric generating stations and for other purposes. (Brighton Corporation.)

c. An Act to confer powers upon the Corporation of the Borough of Reading with respect to the construction and working of tramways in the borough and for other purposes. (Reading Corporation (Tramways).)

ci. An Act for conferring further powers on the Wolverhampton Gas Company. (Wolverhampton Gas.)

cii. An Act to extend the period for the purchase of lands and for the construction of the authorised railway and to work the traffic thereon by electrical or other motive power and for other purposes. (Vale of Rheidol Light Railway.)

ciii. An Act for enlarging the powers of the Commissioners of the Port and Haven of Great Yarmouth and for other purposes. (Great Yarmouth Port and Haven.)

civ. An Act to empower the District Lunacy Board for the Edinburgh Lunacy District to construct railways waterworks sewerage and other works in the County of Linlithgow to acquire lands for protection of their water supply and for other purposes. (Edinburgh District Lunacy Board.)

cv. An Act to enable the Cork Electric Tramways and Lighting Company Limited to extend their tramways to Blackrock and for other purposes. (Cork Electric Tramways (Extension).)

cvi. An Act to empower the Fishguard and Rosslare Railways and Harbours Company to construct additional harbour works at Rosslare and alterations of portions; of their authorised railways and for other purposes. (Fishguard and Rosslare Railways and Harbours.)

cvii. An Act to authorise the Urban District Council of Spalding to purchase the undertaking of the Spalding Waterworks Company and for other purposes. (Spalding Water.)

cviii. An Act to authorise the Magistrates and Town Council of the Burgh of Falkirk to construct new gasworks and other works and to acquire lands and to confer further powers on the Magistrates and Council in relation to their gas undertaking to extend the municipal and police boundaries of the Burgh and for other purposes. (Falkirk Corporation Gas and Burgh Extension)

cix. An Act to enable the Rhymney Railway Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Rhymney Railway.)

cx. An Act to authorise the Great Eastern Railway Company to make further railways widenings and works to confirm an agreement between the Company and the Hertford County Council and the Epping Rural District Council and other parties and to authorise the Company and the said County Council and District Council to construct roads in accordance therewith to extend the time for the purchase of lands for and for the completion of part of an authorised railway to confer further powers upon the Company and for other purposes. (Great Eastern Railway (General Powers).)

cxi. An Act for the Amalgamation of the undertakings of the London and St. Katherine Docks Company and the East and West India Dock Company and for other purposes. (London and India Docks Amalgamation.)

cxii. An Act to authorise the Saint Alban’s Waterworks Company to acquire further lands and to raise further moneys and to extend their limits of supply and for other purposes. (Saint Alban's Waterworks.)

cxiii. An Act to divide the separate undertaking authorised by the Donegal Railway Act 1896 into two separate undertakings to extend the time for the purchase of lands and completion of works by that Act authorised to provide for the granting of rebates in favour of the railway from Donegal to Ballyshannon to release the County Council of the County of Donegal from their liability under the West Donegal Light Railway Order and for other purposes. (Donegal Railway.)

cxiv. An Act to empower the Great Southern and Western Railway Company to construct a pier at Valencia to abstract water from the River Suir and lay pipes to their Thurles Station to acquire additional lands to vest in the Company the undertaking of the Mitchelstown and Fermoy Light Railway Company to subscribe further sums to the Southern Hotels (Limited) to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Great Southern and Western Railway.)

cxv. An Act to continue the powers for the making of and to extend the time limited for the completion of certain works authorised by the Bray Township Act 1890 namely the Promenade Pier and landing stage thereby authorised; and for other purposes. (Bray Urban District Council (Extension of Time).)

cxvi. An Act for defining and extending the limits of supply of the Westgate and Birchington Water Company and for conferring further powers on the Company for the construction of works the raising of capital and otherwise in relation to their undertaking and for other purposes. (Westgate and Birchington Water.)

cxvii. An Act to alter the constitution and amend and extend the statutory powers of the Lee Conservancy Board. (Lee Conservancy.)

cxviii. An Act to consolidate the Debenture Stocks of the North Metropolitan Railway and Canal Company to amend in certain respects the Acts relating to the Company to change the name of the Company and for other purposes. (Regent's Canal and Dock.)

cxix. An Act to authorise the South Staffordshire Tramways Company to sell and transfer portions of their undertaking to local authorities to confirm a lease of their undertaking to the South Staffordshire Tramways (Lessee) Company Limited to rearrange their capital and for other purposes. (South Staffordshire Tramways.)

cxx. An Act to provide an additional supply of water to the Burgh of Falkirk and districts and places adjacent and for the construction and maintenance of new and additional works lo extend the limits of compulsory supply to confer further powers on the Falkirk and Larbert Water Trustees and for other purposes. (Falkirk and District Waterworks.)

cxxi. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Hamilton Motherwell and Wishaw Tramways Company and for other purposes. (Hamilton Motherwell and Wishaw Tramways.)

cxxii. An Act to empower the British Electric Traction Company Limited to construct tramroads in the County of Northampton and for other purposes. (Wellingborough and District Tramroads.)

cxxiii. An Act to empower the Urban District Council for the District of Aston Manor in the County of Warwick to construct tramways and to confer various powers relating to tramways upon that District Council. (Aston Manor Tramways.)

cxxiv. An Act to authorise the Exmouth Urban District Council to purchase the undertaking of the Exmouth and District Waterworks Company and to supply water within their district and the parish of East Budleigh and for other purposes. (Exmouth Urban District Water.)

cxxv. An Act for supplying with water the Parish of Llanllyfni being part of the Rural District of Gwyrfai in the County of Carnarvon. (Gwyrfai District Water.)

cxxvi. An Act to extend the time limited by the Dearne Valley Railway Act 1897 for the compulsory purchase of lands for and the completion of certain of the works thereby authorised to authorise the Dearne Valley Railway Company to abandon certain of their authorised works and to construct further works and for other purposes. (Dearne Valley Railway.)

cxxvii. An Act to confer further powers on the Whitechapel and Bow Railway Company and for other purposes. (Whitechapel and Bow Railway.)

cxxviii. An Act for reorganising the capital of the G. H. Hammond Company Limited and enabling that Company to redeem and convert its debentures and income stock. (G. H. Hammond Company (Limited).)

cxxix. An Act to reduce the capital and extend the powers of the London and San Francisco Bank Limited and for other purposes. (London and San Fmncisco Bank Limited.)

cxxx. An Act to authorise the Belfast and County Down Railway Company to construct a railway from Newcastle to join the railway of the Great Northern Railway Company (Ireland) at Castlewellan to run over and use a portion of the railway of that Company to confer further powers upon the Company with reference to steam vessels and further powers in connexion with their undertaking and for other purposes. (Belfast and County Down Railway.)

cxxxi. An Act to enable the Walker and Wallsend Union Gas Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Walker and Wallsend Union Gas Company’s (Electricity Capital).)

cxxxii. An Act to empower the Corporation of Nottingham to make certain street improvements and for other purposes. (Nottingham Corporation.)

cxxxiii. An Act to extend the boundaries of the City and Royal Burgh of Edinburgh and County of the City of Edinburgh to authorise the Lord Provost Magistrates and Council of the City to purchase and acquire lands at Saughton to erect and maintain a tramway power station at Portobello to construct works and tramways to acquire lands to amend Acts and for other purposes. (Edinburgh Corporation.)

cxxxiv. An Act to authorise the working of the Mersey Railway and railways connected therewith by electricity to regulate the capital of the Mersey Railway Company and for other purposes. (Mersey Railway.)

cxxxv. An Act to empower the Rawmarsh Urban District Council to construct and work tramways and to make street improvements and for other purposes. (Rawmarsh Urban District Council (Tramways).)

cxxxvi. An Act to confer further powers upon the Great Grimsby Street Tramways Company with respect to the construction and working of tramways in the Borough of Grimsby and for other purposes. (Great Grimsby Street Tramways.)

cxxxvii. An Act to authorise the Company of Proprietors of the Margate Pier and Harbour to construct works to raise additional capital and for other purposes relating to the undertaking of the Company. (Margate Pier and Harbour.)

cxxxviii. An Act to provide for the vesting of the railways and other property of the Great Indian Peninsula Railway Company in the Secretary of State in Council of India and for other purposes. (Great Indian Peninsula Railway Purchase.)

cxxxix. An Act to confer further powers upon the Great Northern Railway Company. (Great Northern Railway.)

cxl. An Act to incorporate the Hastings Tramways Company and to empower that Company to make and maintain tramways and other works in the County Borough of Hastings and for other purposes. (Hastings Tramways.)

cxli. An Act to authorise the Company of Proprietors of Lambeth Waterworks to execute further works to purchase additional lands to take further water from the River Thames and to raise further money and for other purposes. (Lambeth Waterworks.)

cxlii. An Act to confer further powers on the Lancashire Derbyshire and East Coast Railway Company. (Lancashire Derbyshire and East Coast Railway.)

cxliii. An Act to confer additional powers upon the Midland Railway Company and upon the Midland and North Eastern Railway Companies Committee and upon the Midland and Great Northern Railways Joint Committee for the construction of works and the acquisition of lands to empower the Midland Railway Company , to subscribe towards the undertaking of the Yorkshire Dales Railway Company and for other purposes. (Midland Railway.)

cxliv. An Act to constitute and incorporate a Joint Water Board consisting of representatives from the Councils of the respective Boroughs of Bury Haslingden and Rawtenstall and the Urban Districts of Radcliffe Ramsbottom Little Lever Whitefield and Tottington and the Rural District of Bury all in the County Palatine of Lancaster and to transfer to and vest in such Board the water undertaking of the Bury Corporation and for other purposes. (Bury and District Water (Transfer).)

cxlv. An Act to alter the numbers and boundaries of the wards of the Borough of Preston and to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the said borough to reconstruct their existing and to construct additional tramways in and adjacent to the borough and to make further provisions for the good government of the borough. (Preston Corporation.)

cxlvi. An Act to confer further powers on the London Sea Water Supply Company. (London Sea Water Supply.)

cxlvii. An Act for conferring further powers on the South Eastern Metropolitan Tramways Company for using mechanical power on their tramways and for other purposes. (South Eastern Metropolitan Tramways.)

cxlviii. An Act to empower the Urban District Council of Portland to supply gas and to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of Sir Richard Nicholas Howard as successor of the Portland Gas Light and Coke and Coal Company Limited to the Council and to make further provision in regard to the finance of the said district and for other purposes. (Portland Urban District (Gas, &c.).)

cxlix. An Act to confer further powers upon the Corporation of Burnley and neighbouring authorities with respect to tramways and street improvements within and beyond the borough and for other purposes. (Burnley Corporation.)

cl. An Act to amend and extend the provisions of the Glasgow Police Acts 1866 to 1899 relating to streets sewers and buildings. (Glasgow Building Regulations.)

cli. An Act for making and maintaining railways in the County of Lanark to be called the Motherwell and Bellshill Railway and for other purposes. (Motherwell and Bellshill Railway.)

clii. An Act to empower the North Eastern Railway Company to own and use vessels for the conveyance of traffic between Hull and Rotterdam Amsterdam and Harlingen and for other purposes. (North Eastern Railway (Steam Vessels).)

cliii. An Act to confer further powers on the Corporation of Rotherham in regard to tramways street improvements water and gas supply and the local government of the Borough. (Rotherham Corporation.)

cliv. An Act to empower the Glyncorrwg Urban District Council to supply gas and to provide tor the transfer to them of the part of the undertaking of the Liynvi Valley Gas Company situate in their district and for other purposes. (Glyncorrwg Urban District Council Gas.)

civ. An Act to empower the Corporation of Barnsley to make deviations in constructing the lines of pipes authorised by the Barnsley Corporation (Water) Act 1896 to transfer to them certain powei-s works and obligations granted or transferred to the Corporation of Sheffield by the Sheffield Corporation Water Act 1896 and to extend the periods for the taking of lands and for the construction of works and for other purposes. (Barnsley Corporation (Water).)

clvi. An Act to confer further powers on the Dublin Wicklow and Wexford Railway Company for making works and acquiring lands and raising and applying capital moneys and other matters relating to their several undertakings and for other purposes. (Dublin Wicklow and Wexford Railway.)

clvii. An Act to confer upon the Corporation of Ramsgate further powers with reference to the local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes. (Ramsgate Corporation.)

clviii. An Act to confer powers upon the Corporation of the Borough of South Shields for the construction of street works and improvements and for other purposes. (South Shields Corporation.)

clix. An Act to authorise the Lord Provost Magistrates and Town Council of the City and Royal Burgh of Aberdeen to construct additional tramways and to make certain street improvements in connexion therewith and for other purposes. (Aberdeen Corporation Tramways)

clx. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Great Western Railway Company in respect of their own undertaking and upon that Company and the London and North-Western Railway Company in respect of undertakings in which they are jointly interested and upon the Great Western and Great Central Railways Joint Committee in respect of their undertaking for vesting the undertakings of the Staines and West Drayton and the Birmingham and Henley-in-Arden Railway Companies in the Great Western Railway Company for transferring to that Company the powers of the Birmingham North Warwickshire and Stratford-upon-Avon Railway Company and extending the time for the construction of certain authorised railways of that Company and for other purposes. (Great Western Railway.)

clxi. An Act to confer further powers upon the London and South Western Railway Company and to authorise them to execute further works to acquire additional lands and to raise further money and to vary in certain respects the provisions of the South Western Railway Act 1899 and for other purposes. (South Western Railway.)

clxii. An Act to empower the South Metropolitan Gas Company to alter the provisions as to the standard price and illuminating power of the gas supplied by the Company to construct a railway in the parish of Greenwich and for other purposes. (South Metropolitan Gas.)

clxiii. An Act to confer additional powers upon the North Eastern Railway Company for the construction of new railways and other works and the acquisition of additional lands and upon that Company and the London and North Western Railway Company in respect of the Leeds New Station and for vesting in the Company the Londonderry (Seaham to Sunderland) Railway the Cawood Wistow and Selby Light Railway and the Merrybent and Darlington Railway and for other purposes. (North Eastern Railway.)

clxiv. An Act to provide for the conversion of the capital stocks of the Crystal Palace Company into shares and to empower them to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Crystal Palace Company's.)

clxv. An Act for rendering valid certain Letters Patent granted to John Pearce Roe for an Invention for improvements in apparatus for shipping or transferring coal and other materials. (Roe's Patent.)

P. clxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Barmouth Brecon Clacton Cleckheaton Hythe Liversedge Llandilo Ramsgate Romford and Sandgate. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 6).)

P. clxvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Berwick-upon-Tweed Harrow-ou-the-Hill Malton the extension of the area of supply of the Midland Electric Corporation for Power Distribution (Limited) Newhaven Seaford Thirsk Totnes Witney and Woking. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 7).)

P. clxviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 and the Electric Lighting (Scotland) Act 1890 relating to Broughty Ferry Dunblane and Wormit and Wood-haven. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 8).)

P. clxix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Barnard Castle Cheltenham (Extension) Freshwater and Totland District the Extension of the Area of Supply under the Newcastle-upon-Tyne Electric Lighting Order 1893 to Gosforth Jarrow Llanrwst Pwllheli Royal Leamington Spa Twickenham and Wallington. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 9).)

P. clxx. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Banbury Dartmouth Gosport and Alverstoke Heston and Isleworth Sevenoaks Sheerness Spennymoor Staines Egham and Chertsey Stamford Uxbridge and District and Wellingborough. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 12).)

P. clxxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Abergele Gas Irthlingborough Gas Littlehampton Gas Lymington Gas Mablethorpe and Sutton Gas and Romford Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. clxxii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Wath-upon-Dearne and District Gas, (Gas Order Confirmation (No3).)

P. clxxiii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to East Surrey Water Hayling Water Maidenhead Water Sevenoaks Water South-West Suburban Water and Tonbridge Water. (Water Orders Confirmation.)

P. clxxiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Accrington Chipping Norton Gosport and Alverstoke Kingswinford (Rural) Newport Pagnell and Wirral (Rural). (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. clxxv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Abergele and Pensara Bradford-on-Avon Dorking (Rural) Haworth Henley (Rural) Hove Manchester and Wokingham (Rural). (Local ment Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

P. clxxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Atherton Barmouth Clitheroe Leicester Stafford and Teignmouth. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 6).)

P. clxxvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Cuckfield (Rural) Leigh Milford Haven and Wallasey. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 8).)

P. clxxviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Burton-upon-Trent Dorchester the Parts of Kesteven Warrington and Winchester. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 9).)

P. clxxix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Harrogate Heywood Ripon Rochdale and Tunbridge Wells. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 10).)

P. clxxx. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Barrow-upon-Soar (Rural) Bootle and Ongar (Rural) and the Doncaster and Mexborough and the Shepley and Shelley United Districts. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 11).)

P. clxxxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Lancaster Ossett and Wakefield. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 12).)

P. clxxxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Ashton-under-Lyne Bury Leyton Shipley and Sunderland. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 13).)

P. clxxxiii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Gloucester Northampton and Torquay and to the Walton-upon-Trent Bridge in the Counties of Derby and Stafford. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 14).)

P. clxxxiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Hursley Union and the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders (Poor Law).)

P. clxxxv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Bath. (Local Government Board’s Provisional Order Confirmation (Housing of Working Classes).)

P. clxxxvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for improving certain Areas situated in the Parishes of St. James and St. John Clei; kenwell and St. Andrew Holborn in the County of London. (London (Clerkenwell and Holborn) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

P. clxxxvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for improving certain Areas situated in the Parishes of Poplar and Bromley-by-Bow in the County of London. (London (Poplar) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

P. clxxxviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for improving certain Areas situated in the Parish of St. Luke in the County of London. (London (St. Luke) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

P. clxxxix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for improving certain Areas situated in the Parish of St. George the Martyr Southwark in the County of London. (London (Southwark) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

P. cxc. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Urban Districts of Clones Londonderry Monaghan Pembroke Rathmines and Rathgar and Wicklow and the Rural Districts of Dungarvan and Rathdrum. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. cxci. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Urban District of Navan and the Towns of Boyle and Newbridge. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (Housing of Working Classes).)

P. cxcii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Bray. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (Housing of Working Classes) (No. 2).)

P. cxciii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Ayr Bridlington Felixstowe and Penryn. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. cxciv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 relating to Perth and Paisley. (Perth and Paisley Gas Orders Confirmation.)

Royal Assent, 6th August 1900.

P. cxcv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Accrington and Church Outfall Sewerage District and to Acton Chester (Rural) Reigate Weymouth (Rural) and Wigan (Rural). (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 7).)

P. cxcvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Birmingham Tame and Rea Main Sewerage District and to Leeds and Wolverhampton. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 15).)

P. cxcvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Education under the Elementary Education Acts 1870 to 1899 to enable the School Board for London to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Board Provisional Order Confirmation (London).)

P. cxcviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Bredbury and Romiley Urban District Council Tramways Huddersfield Corporation Tramways Hurst Urban District Council Tramways Kearsley Urban District Council Tramways Prestwich Urban District Council Tramways Reddish Urban District Council Tramways and Wigan Corporation Tramways. (Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. cxcix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Bedford Corporation Tramways Bootle Corporation Tramways Radcliffe Urban District Council Tramways St. Helens Corporation Tramways and Warwick Tramways. (Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. cc. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Batley Corporation Tramways Camborne and Redruth Tramway East Ham Urban District Council Tramways Hull Corporation Tramways Middleton Corporation Tramways Portobello and Musselburgh Tramways and Southampton Corporation Tramways. (Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. cci. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Ashton-under-Lyne Corporation Tramways Garston Tramway Gorton Urban District Council Tramways Plymouth Corporation Tramways Taunton Tramways and Warrington Corporation Tramways. (Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. ccii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for the Improvement of a certain Area situated in the Parish of St. Marylebone in the County of London. (London (St. Marylebone) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

P. cciii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 relating to Paisley Waterworks. (Paisley Waterworks Provisional Order Confirmation.)

P. cciv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Secretary for Scotland under Part I. of the Housing of the Working Classes Act 1890 relating to the City and Royal Burgh of Edinburgh. (Edinburgh Improvement Scheme Provisional Order Confirmation.)

P. ccv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Dublin and Belfast. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. ccvi. An Act to enable Her Majesty's Postmaster-General to acquire lands in London Bristol Ilford Sheffield and Southampton for the Public Service and for other purposes. (Post Office (Sites).)

P. ccvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Battersea Limehouse Mile End Old Town and St George-in-the-East. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 10).)

P. ccviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Bournemouth Corporation Tramways Houghton-le-Spring and District Tramways Liverpool Corporation Tramways Extensions Portsmouth Corporation Tramways Rothesay Tramways Weston-super-Mare Tramways and Whitefield Urban District Council Tramways. (Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

ccix. An Act to authorise the North British Railway Company to construct certain new railways widenings and other works to confer further powers upon the Company and upon other Companies in connexion with their respective undertakings to amalgamate the Aberlady Gullane and North Berwick Railway Company the Newport Railway Company and the Eyemouth Railway Company with the Company to transfer to and vest in the Company the undertaking of the Borrowstounness Harbour Commissioners to enable the Burntisland Harbour Commissioners to borrow and the Company to advance them further money to authorise the Company to enter into working and other agreements with the Invergarry and Fort Augustus Railway Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (North British Railway (General Powers).)

ccx. An Act for authorising the Costa Rica Railway Company Limited to borrow further moneys and to make provision in reference thereto and for other purposes. (Costa Rica Railway Company Limited)

ccxi. An Act to authorise the Blackpool St. Anne’s and Lytham Tramways Company Limited to construct tramways in substitution for their existing tramways in the County Palatine of Lancaster and for other purposes. (Blackpool St. Anne's and Lytham Tramways)

ccxii. An Act to authorise the East London Waterworks Company to construct additional storage reservoirs and other works to take further water from the River Thames in cases of exceptional drought and other emergency to raise further money and for other purposes. (East London Waterworks.)

ccxiii. An Act to authorise the Urban District Council of Ilfracombe in the County of Devon to construct additional waterworks for the supply of their district and the parishes of Berrynarbor Combe Martin and Morthoe and to make further and better provision for the improvement health local government and finance of the district and for other purposes. (Ilfracombe Improvement.)

ccxiv. An Act for conferring further powers upon the London and North Western Railway Company for the construction of works and acquisition of lands in Wales and for other purposes. (London and North Western Railway (Wales).)

ccxv. An Act for empowering the London and North Western Railway Company to construct works and for conferring further powers upon that Company in relation to their own undertaking and upon that Company nnd the Great Western Railway Company and the Great Central Railway Company in relation to their joint undertakings and for other purposes. (London and North Western Railway.)

ccxvi. An Act to regulate the expenditure of money by the London County Council on capital account during the current financial period and the raising of money to meet such expenditure. (London County Council (Money).)

ccxvii. An Act to amend and extend the Memorandum of Association of the Buenos Ayres and Rosario Railway Company Limited with reference to the acquisition of railways and for other purposes. (Buenos Ayres and Rosario Railway.)

ccxviii. An Act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Ipswich to construct tramways and street improvements and for other purposes. (Ipswich Corporation (Tramways, &c.).)

ccxix. An Act to empower the London County Council to make a tunnel or subway under the River Thames between Rotherhithe and Ratcliff and approaches thereto and for other purposes connected therewith. (Thames Tunnel (Rotherhithe and Ratcliff).)

ccxx. An Act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Salford to make street improvements to construct sewers and to raise additional moneys by mortgage and by the creation and issue of stock and to make further provisions for the good government of the borough. (Salford Corporation.)

ccxxi. An Act to empower the Urban District Council for the District of Withington to construct tramways and to make various street improvements and for other purposes. (Withington Urban District Council.)

ccxxii. An Act to extend the boundaries of the City of Sheffield to consolidate certain of the Townships within the said City to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the said City to construct additional lines of tramways and to execute various street widenings and other works to make further and better provision for the improvement health and good government of the City and for other purposes. (Sheffield Corporation.)

ccxxiii. An Act to authorise the Clontarf Urban District Council to construct a sea wall to acquire lands to borrow monej’s and for o:her purposes. (Clontarf Urban District Council.)

ccxxiv. An Act to authorise the Lord Provost Magistrates and Town Council of the City and Royal Burgh of Aberdeen to make certain bridge and street improvements to confer upon them new powers with respect to police matters streets and buildings and for other purposes. (Aberdeen Police and Improvement.)

ccxxv. An Act to confer further powers upon the Baker Street and Waterloo Railway Company. (Baker Street and Waterloo Railway.)

ccxxvi. An Act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Bradford in the County of York to construct additional tramways in and near the city to acquire lands for the protection of their water supply to purchase the undertaking of the North Bierley Gas Company to make further provision for the health and good government of the City and for other purposes. (Bradford Corporation (Tramways Gas and Various Powers).)

ccxxvii. An Act to empower the Charing Cross and Strand Electricity Supply Corporation Limited to construct a generating station in the Parish of West Ham and to lay mains connecting their generating stations and to acquire lands and to construct a short line of railway and for other purposes. (Charing Cross and Strand Electricity Supply Corporation Limited (Further Powers).)

ccxxviii. An Act to empower the Corporation of the City of London to acquire and maintain Finsbury Circus Gardens as an open space and to purchase lands for various purposes and to adopt and apply the Baths and Washhouses Acts to establish a crematorium at Ilford Cemetery to make further and better accommodation for the laying of pipes wires and other apparatus in over or under streets to confer further powers upon the Corporation with respect to the control of streets and structures across streets and the fixing of apparatus for public lighting in streets to make further provisions for the health and good government of the City to enable persons elected to Corporate Offices in the City to retire therefrom to empower the Corporation to borrow money and for other purposes. (City of London (Various Powers).)

ccxxix. An Act to authorise the Corporation of Croydon to construct additional tramways and to work the tramways in the borough to execute certain street improvements to make further provision for the government and for the preservation of the health of the inhabitants of the County Borough of Croydon and for other purposes. (Croydon Corporation.)

ccxxx. An Act to transfer certain public bridges in the parish of Crosthwaite in the County of Cumberland to the Cumberland County Council and other authorities and for other purposes. (County of Cumberland (Bridges).)

ccxxxi. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers upon the County of Durham Electric Power Supply Company and for other purposes. (County of Durham Electric Power Supply.)

ccxxxii. An Act to extend the City and County of the City of Exeter to unite the parishes within the City into one parish to authorise the reconstruction of the Exe Bridge and the construction of certain street works and for other purposes. (Exeter Corporation.)

ccxxxiii. An Act to empower the Urban District Council of Farnworth to construct additional tramways and to work tramways and to make further provision for the good government of the said district and for other purposes. (Farnworth Urban District Council.)

ccxxxiv. An Act to extend the boundaries of the County Borough of Halifax and to empower the Corporation to construct additional tramways street widenings and improvements to confer further powers with respect to their waterworks undertaking and in regard to streets buildings and drains and for the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes. (Halifax Corporation.)

ccxxxv. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Lancashire Electric Power Company. (Lancashire Electric Power.)

ccxxxvi. An Act to empower the Corporation of Lancaster to construct tramways to widen streets and make a footbridge over the River Lune to deal with Lancaster Marsh to commute portions of the Vicar of Lancaster’s tithe and dues to make further provisions for the good government of the Borough and for other purposes. (Lancaster Corporation.)

ccxxxvii. An Act for authorising the Corporation of the City of Liverpool to execute certain street improvements for making further provisions for the protection of the public health for amending various local Acts in force within the City for authorising the Corporation to raise money by the issue of bills and for other purposes. (Liverpool Corporation.)

ccxxxviii. An Act to enable the London County Council to work their tramways by electrical power and for other purposes. (London County Tramways (Electrical Power).)

ccxxxix. An Act for incorporating and making better provisions for the meetings and proceedings of the Trustees of the Market Weighton Drainage and Canal in the East Riding of the County of York for better defining the lands subject to taxation by the said Trustees and making other provisions relative thereto for relieving the said Trustees from their obligations to maintain a part of the said canal for conferring further powers cn the said Trustees and for other purposes. (Market Weighton Drainage.)

ccxl. An Act to confer further powers upon the Newcastle-upon-Tyne Electric Supply Company Limited for the construction of works and the supply of electrical energy and for other purposes. (Newcastle-upon-Tyne Electric Supply Company's.)

ccxli. An Act to empower the Corporation of Oldham to extend and improve their existing Market Hall to confer further powers upon the Corporation with regard to sanitary and other matters and to make better provision for the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes. (Oldham Corporation.)

ccxlii. An Act for extending the limits of supply of and conferring further powers upon the Rickmansworth and Uxbridge Valley Water Company and for other purposes. (Rickmansworth and Uxbridge Valley Water.)

ccxliii. An Act to incorporate the South Lancashire Tramways Company and to empower that Company to make tramways and street improvements and for other purposes. (South Lancashire Tramways.)

ccxliv. An Act to convert the capital of the Wandsworth and Putney Gaslight and Coke Company to raise additional capital to construct works and for other purposes. (Wandsworth and Putney Gas.)

ccxlv. An Act to confer powers upon the Corporation of the County Borough of West Bromwich with respect to tramways and to their electric lighting and other undertakings to make further provision for the improvement and good government of the borough to amend and extend the provisions of the Local Acts relating to the borough and for other purposes. (West Bromwich Corporation.)

ccxlvi. An Act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the County Borough of West Ham and to make further provision for the good government of that borough and for other purposes. (West Ham Corporation.)

ccxlvii. An Act for amalgamating the Waterford Limerick and Western Railway Company with the Great Southern and Western Railway Company and for other purposes. (Great Southern and Western and Waterford Limerick and Western Railway Companies Amalgamation.)

ccxlviii. An Act for amalgamating the undertaking of the Waterford and Central Ireland Railway Company with the Great Southern and Western Railway Company and for other purposes. (Great Southern and Western and Waterford and Central Ireland Railway Companies Amalgamation.)

ccxlix. An Act to confer further powers on the Caledonian Railway Company in relation to their undertaking to authorise the Lochearnhead St. Fillans and Comrie Railway Company to construct certain works in connexion with their railway to extend the periods for the purchase of lands for or for the completion of works by the before-mentioned Companies and the Callander and Oban Railway Company and for other purposes. (Caledonian Railway.)

ccl. An Act to make provision in regard to the water undertaking of the Corporation of Margate to authorise the Corporation to construct promenades sea-walls street improvements and other works and to make further provision in regard to the health local government improvement and finance of the borough and for other purposes. (Margate Corporation.)

ccli. An Act for empowering the Midland Great Western Railway of Ireland Company to acquire additional lands to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Midland Great Western Railway of Ireland.)

cclii. An Act for the abandonment of the London Walthamstow and Epping Forest Railway and for other purposes. (London Walthamstow and Epping Forest Railway (Abandonment).)

ccliii. An Act for the abandonment of the Muirkirk Mauchline and Dalmellington Railways. (Muirkirk Mauchline and Dalmellington Railways (Abandonment).)

ccliv. An Act to make further provision for the purchase of the Hemel Hempstead Waterworks undertaking by the Corporation of Hemel Hempstead and for other purposes. (Hemel Hempstead Corporation Water.)

cclv. An Act to extend the borrowing powers of the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Morley and to make further provision in regard to their water and electrical undertakings and for the improvement and good government of the said borough and for other purposes. (Morley Corporation.)

cclvi. An Act to enable the South Eastern Railway Company to make new railways and other works to acquire additional lands to provide for the application of capital of the South Eastern and London Chatham and Dover Railway Companies and for other purposes. (South Eastern and London Chatham and Dover Railway Companies.)

cclvii. An Act to confer further powers on the Bexhill and Rotherfield Railway Company. (Bexhill and Rotherfield Railway.)

cclviii. An Act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Sunderland to contribute towards the construction by the North Eastern Railway Company of a bridge and road across the River Wear and to make provision for the construction of a new road in Southwick to join the same and for other purposes. (Sunderland Corporation.)

cclix. An Act to constitute a body of trustees for the purpose of acquiring the Alexandra Park Palace and other lands in the County of Middlesex and to empower them to hold and manage the same as a place of public resort and recreation and for other public purposes and to make all provisions necessary or proper in that behalf. (Alexandra Park and Palace (Public Purposes).)

cclx. An Act to empower the Bray and Enniskerry Railway Company to work their authorised railway by electrical power and for other purposes. (Bray and Enniskerry Railway.)

cclxi. An Act to empower the Poole and District Electric Traction Company Limited to construct tramways from Christchurch to Bournemouth and for other purposes. (Christchurch and Bournemouth Tramways.)

cclxii. An Act to empower the Corporation of Coventry to make certain street works and to confer further powers on them in regard to streets buildings and sewers and the health local government and improvement of the City and for other purposes. (Coventry Corporation.)

cclxiii. An Act to confer powers upon the Corporation of the Borough of Devonport with respect to the construction and working of tramways within the Borough for extending the powers of the said Corporation as to electric lighting for extending the boundaries of the said borough to make provision for the acquisition of the Devonport Market undertaking to confer further powers upon the said Corporation with respect to streets and other matters and in regard to the health local government and improvement of the said borough to make further provision for the collection and recovery of rates for the borrowing of money and for other purposes. (Devonport Corporation.)

cclxiv. An Act to extend the City of Dublin and for other purposes. (Dublin Corporation.)

cclxv. An Act to confer further powers upon the Great Northern Railway Company (Ireland). (Great Northern Railway (Ireland).)

cclxvi. An Act to confer further powers on the Corporation of the County Borough of Hastings with respect to the improvement and good government of the borough to amend and extend provisions of the Local Acts and for other purposes. (Hastings Corporation.)

cclxvii. An Act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Huddersfield to construct additional tramways in and adjacent to the borough and for other purposes. (Huddersfield Corporation Tramways.)

cclxviii. An Act to enable the London County Council to purchase lands for various purposes to provide for contributions by the Council and certain Vestries and District Boards of Works towards the acquisition of land for open spaces to extend the time limited for the purchase of certain lands by the Council to confer powers on the Vestry of Saint Mary Battersea as to the "Latchmere Allotments" and lands for &n electric station and for other purposes. (London County Council (General Powers).)

cclxix. An Act to empower the London County Council to make an extension of the Thames Embankment and a new street and improvements at Westminster to widen Mare Street Hackney and to make other street improvements and works in the Administrative County of London and for other purposes. (London County Council (Improvements).)

cclxx. An Act to enable the London County Council to construct new tramways and to reconstruct and alter certain tramways in the County of London and to work certain tramways by electric traction and for other purposes. (London County Tramways.)

cclxxi. An Act for conferring further powers on the London United Tramways Limited for constructing tramways and widening and altering roads in the County of Middlesex and for other purposes. (London United Tramways.)

cclxxii. An Act for regulating the charges to be made by the Gas Light and Coke the South Metropolitan Gas and the Commercial Gas Companies in the Administrative County of London in respect of gas supplied by means of prepayment meters. (Metropolis Gas (Prepayment Meter).)

cclxxiii. An Act for empowering the Metropolitan District Railway Company to erect a station for generating electrical energy and thereby work certain railways to acquire lands to extend the time for the completion of certain railways and compulsory purchase of lands to make certain provisions with respect to the Ealing and South Harrow and Brompton and Piccadilly Circus Railways to raise further capital and for other purposes. (Metropolitan District Railway)

clxxiv. An Act for extending the limits of supply of the Mid-Kent Water Company and for conferring further powers on the Company for the construction of works the raising of capital and otherwise in relation to their undertaking. (Mid-Kent Water.)

cclxxv. An Act for making and maintaining railways in the counties of Down Armagh and Monaghan to be called the Newry Keady and Tynan Light Railway and for other purposes. (Newry Keady and Tynan Light Railway.)

cclxxvi. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers upon the North Metropolitan Electric Power Supply Company and for other purposes. (North Metropolitan Electric Power Supply.)

cclxxvii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Plymouth Stonehouse and Devonport Tramways Company to amend the Acts relating to that Company and for other purposes. (Plymouth Stonehouse and Devonport Tramways.)

cclxxviii. An Act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Rochdale to reconstruct the existing tramways in the said borough when acquired by them and to construct additional tramways in and adjacent to the borough and to make further provisions for the good government of the borough and for other purposes. (Rochdale Corporation.)

cclxxix. An Act to empower the Corporation of Scarborough to make an Approach Road to the New Marine Drive to alter the line of the sea wall of the said Drive to make further and better provision for the improvement health and good government of the borough of Scarborough to alter the constitution of the Scarborough Harbour Commissioners and for other purposes. (Scarborough Corporation.)

cclxxx. An Act to empower the Southport District Tramroad Company to construct certain tramroads tramway and bridge between Southport and Lytham and for other purposes. (Southport and Lytham Tramroad.)

cclxxxi. An Act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Southport to carry out street improvements and other works and to make further provisions for the improvement and good government of the said borough and for other purposes. (Southport Corporation.)

cclxxxii. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the South Wales Electrical Power Distribution Company. (South Wales Electrical Power Distribution Company.)

cclxxxiii. An Act to make provision in regard to the water undertaking of the Corporation of the borough of Taunton and to the health local government improvement and finance of the said borough to empower the said Corporation and the Trustees of the Markets of the borough to erect a townhall and to make further provision in regard to the said markets and for other purposes. (Taunton Corporation.)

cclxxxiv. An Act to provide for vesting in the Urban District Council of Tottenham in the County of Middlesex the Lammas Lands in the district to confer various powers with respect to commons open spaces and recreation grounds streets buildings and other matters of local government and for other purposes. (Tottenham Urban District Council.)

cclxxxv. An Act to incorporate a Company and authorise them to acquire the Workington Harbour and Lonsdale Dock undertaking in the County of Cumberland and to construct a dock railways and works at Workington and for other purposes. (Workington Railways and Docks.)

cclxxxvi. An Act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Bournemouth to acquire certain lands within the parishes of Bournemouth Holdenhurst and Pokesdown and to appropriate regulate and manage the same as open spaces to confirm an agreement relating thereto and for other purposes. (Bournemouth Corporation.)

cclxxxvii. An Act to empower the Corporation of Walsall to construct tramways to extend their powers in regard to their gas undertaking to make further provision in regard to financial matters and for the improvement of the borough and for other purposes. (Walsall Corporation.)

cclxxxviii. An Act to authorise the Liverpool Overhead Railway Company to make certain new railways and for other purposes. (Liverpool Overhead Railway.)

cclxxxix. An Act for the abandonment of the Saint David’s Railway and for other purposes. (Saint David's Railway.)

Royal Assent, 8th August 1900.

ccxc. An Act to incorporate the Kingscourt Ready and Armagh Railway Company and to empower them to construct railways in the counties of Cavan Monaghan and Armagh and for other purposes (Kingscourt Keady and Armagh Railway.)

ccxci. An Act to authorise the Corporation of Manchester to construct additional tramways in and near the city and to confer further powers upon the Corporation and neighbouring authorities in respect of tramways within and beyond the city and for other purposes. (Manchester Corporation Tramways.)

PRIVATE ACT.

PRINTED BY THE QUEEN’S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

i. An Act to authorise the sale of the Chattels bequeathed and settled by the Will and Codicils of the late Sir William Augustus Fraser Bart, deceased and to declare the trusts of the proceeds of such sale and for other purposes. (Fraser Settled Chattels.)

230

TABLE IV.

Showing the Effect of the Year’s Legislation.

ACTS OF FORMER SESSIONS (IN CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER) REPEALED OR AMENDED BY ACTS OF 63 VICT. AND 63 & 64 VICT.*

[Short Title.]

Statute and Chapter. - Subject-matter or - How affected. - Chapter of 63 Vict, and 63 & 64 Vict.†

7 Anne c. 20 - Middlesex Registry - Restricted - 26, s. 4.

3 Geo. 4. c. 91 - Royal Burghs (S.) - Repealed - 49, s. 3.

---

2 & 3 Will. 4.:

c. 45 Parliamentary Franchise Amended }» 8. 1 (1).

c. 65 Parliamentary Franchise (S.) - Amended

3 & 4 Will. 4.:

c. 76 Royal Burghs (S.) Repealed ... } 49, 8. 3.

c. 77 Parliamentary Burghs (S.) Repealed -

1 & 2 Vict.:

C. 56 Poor Law (I.) - 1 S. 35 amended S. 76 rep. 45, s. 2. 58, s. 12.

c. 109 | Tithe Rentcharge (I.) - S. 32 rep. - -; 58, s. 12.

c. 110 ! Judgments - - Ss. 19, 21 from " Provided", rep. I l

2 & 3 Vict. C. 11 Registration of Judgments 1 Ss. 2, 3, 5, 6, 8, 9 rep.; 1 s. 4 rep. except as to | lis pendens. J26, ss. 2 (3), 5.

3 & 4 Vict.: 1

c. 82 Judgments - S. 2 rep. - 26, s. 5.

c. 88 County Police - - S. 28 extended 9, s. I (5).

6 & 7 Vict.:

c. 91 Charitable Loan Societies (I.) - Am.; s. 58 restricted - 25.

c. 93 Municipal Corporations (I.) S. 8 amended }63, s. 9.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 87 Baths and Washhouses (I.) S. 10 amended

10 & 11 Vict.:1

c. 31 Poor Relief (I.) S. 9 restricted; ss. 20, 21 am. 45, ss. 1, 2.

c. 65 Cemeteries Clauses Ss. 15, 27 virt. rep. as to grounds provided under 42 & 43 Vict. c. 31. 15, ss. 7, 10.

11 & 12 Vict.:

c. 25 Poor Law (I.) - S. 1 amended 45, s. 2.

c. 80 Tithe Rentcharge (I.) S. 1 applied with amdt. - 58, s. 6 (3).

14 & 15 Vict. c. 93, Petty Sessions (I.) - S. 22 (9), Sch. applied to Charitable Loans. 25, s. 3.

15 & 16 Vict.:

c. 28 Commissioners of Works Applied with amendment 19, s. 10.

c. 32 Burgh Elections (S.) Repealed - 49, s. 3.

c. 85 Burial - ... -, Ss. 2, 6, 7, 9, 10, 37, 44 am.; ss. 30-34 in part, 35-37 rep.; s. 50 rep. as regards bnrial grounds under burial j authorities. 15, ss. 3 (7), 4 12.

* Acts continued annually by the Expiring Laws Continuance Act are not noticed in this Table.

† Where no year is mentioned in this column, the chapter belongs to 63 & 64 Vict.

A.D. 1900. Effect of Legislation. 231

[Short Title.]

Statute and Chapter. Subject-matter or How affected. Chapter i of 63 Vict, and j 63 & 64 Vict.f

16 & 17 Vict. c. 134 Burial Ss. 1, 4-6 am.; s. 7 ext. and rep. in part. i 15, S3. 4, 9, 12.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 87 Burial - Ss. 8, 10 rep. 15, s. 12.

18 & 19 Vict.: 26, s. 5.

c. 15 Judgments - Ss. 2 from " But no ", 3 except as to lis pendens, 4-8 rep.

c. 128 Burial - Ss. 3, 6-8, 17 am.; ss. 10, 14 rep. 15, s?. 4, 12.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 58 Burgh Voters (S.) S. 32 repealed 49, s. 3.

20 & 21 Vict: 15, s.l2.

c. 35 Burial (City of London) - Ss. 1, 3-5, Sch. rep. - 1

c. 39 Colonial Attorneys Relief Repealed 14, s. 7 (2).

* c. 72 Police (S.) - S. 59 extended 9, s. 1 (5).

c. 81 Burial - Ss. 9, 10, 23, 24 am.; ss. 3, 5, 12 rep. in part; s. 17 rep. 15, ss. 4, 12.

21 & 22 Vict 22 Vict. c. 56 Confirmation of Exeeuton (S.) - Schedules D., E. am. 55, s. 5.

22 Vict c. 1 Burial - S. 1 amended - 15, s. 4.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 40 Naval Volunteers Ext. with modifications -S. 4 am. - 52, s. 1 (4). 17.

23 & 24 Vict:26, ss. 2 (3), 5.

c. 38 Law of Property Ss. 1-5 repealed

c. 47 Burgh (S.) - Repealed 49, s. 3.

c. 64 Buiial S. 4 amended I 15, s. 4.

C. 152 Tramways (I.) S. 19 am.; es. 42, 43 in part, rep. prospectively in certain cases. 60, ss. 2 (1) (2), 3.

24 & 25 Vict.:

c. 36 Boundaries of Burghs (S.) Repealed 49, s. 3.

c. 98 Forgery Ss. 8-11, extended to War Bonds. 2, s. 4 (3). '

25 & 26 Vict: 48, ss. 19, 20, 25, 33.

c. 89 Companies Ss. 26, 138 am.; ss. 45, 46 applied; ss. 18, 45, 46 rep. in part; s. 192

c. 106 County Surveyors (Ireland) rep. S. 2 am. and in part rep. - 18.

26 & 27 Vict.: 7, 8. 2(2).

c. 7 Manufactured Tobacco S. 1 temp, amended

c. 65 Volunteer - S. 17 am.; ss. 17-20 adapted prospectively to persons called out for coast defence. 39, ss. 1, 2. i

27 & 23 Vict.:

c. 59 Lunacy Board (S.) S. 2 rep. in part 54, s. 2.

c. 112 Judgments, &c. Ss. 1-8, 4 "and whose" to " registered ", rep. 26, ss. 2 (3), 5.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 104 Crown Suits, &c. Ss. 43, 49 rep. 1 26, ss. 2 (3), 5.

80 & 31 Vict.: .

c. 102 Representation of the People Ss. 3, 4 amended - ' 8. s. 1 (1).

c. 131 Companies ... Ss. 25, 38, 39 rep. - 48, 8. 33.

31 & 32 Vict:

c. 48 Representation of the People (S.). Ss. 3, 4 amended - 8, s. 1 (1).

c. 49 Representation of the People (I.) Ss. 4, 14 amended 8, s. 1 (1) (3).

c. 96 Ecclesiastical Buildings, &c. (S.) Amended - 20.

c. 108 Municipal Elections (S.) - Repealed 49, s. 3.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 42 Irish Church - S. 32 amended - 58, s. 1.

83 & 34 Vict.:

c. 75 Elementary Education S. 74 amended 53, s. 6.

c. 92 Municipal Elections (S.) Repealed- 49, s. 3.

C. 104 Joint Stock Companies Arrangement. S. 2 extended 48, 8. 24.

t Where no year is mentioned in this column, the chapter belongs to 63 & 64 Vict.

R -

232

Effect of Legislation.

[63 VICT AND 63 & 64 VICT.

[Short Title.]

TK Statute and Chapter. Subject-matter or How affected. Chapter of 63 Vict, and 63 & 64 Vict.f-

34 A35 Vict. c. 33 | Burial - S. 1 amended 15, s. 4.

35 & 36 Vict.:

c. 33 Ballot - - S. 22 (2) repealed 49, s. 3.

c. 77 Metalliferous Mines Regulation - S. 4 amended - 21.

c. 90 Irish Church - S. 7 am. and restricted - 58, ss. 1, 4.

37 & 38 Vict.:

c. 40 Board of Trade (Arbitrations) - S. 3 applied - 27, s. 15 (4).

c. 41 Colonial Attorneys Relief; Repealed 14, s. 7 (2).

c. 46 Customs (Isle of Man) Tariff - 1 S. 3 rep. in part 31, s. 8.

38 & 39 Vict.:

c. 41 Intestates Widows and Children (S.). S. 3 amended 55, s. 9.

c. 45 Sinking Fund - Ss. 3, 5 extended to War Bonds and War Stock. S. 3 amended temp. 2, s. 6. 7, s. 16.

39 & 40 Vict.:

c. 12 Burgesses (S.) -Small Testate Estates (S.) Repealed 49, s. 3.

c. 24 Ss. 3-5 amended - 55, s. 9.

c. 25 | Burgh Wards (S.) Repealed 49, s. 3.

c. 36 Customs ... S. 20 am. and ext. to Excise. S. 138 extended 7, s. 8. 44.

c. 79 Elementary Education S. 12, Sch. I. (2) am. - 53, ss. 6 (2), 7.

40 & 41 Vict.:

c. 4 Beer Licences Regulation (I.) - S. 2 restricted 30, s. 3.

c. 15 Public Libraries (I.) S. 5 amended 63, s. 9.

c. 59 -41 & 42 Vict.: Colonial Stock - Amended; s. 19 virt. rep. in part. 62, s. 1.

c. 26 Registration of Voters S. 22 amended 8, 8. 1 (3).

c. 52 Public Health (I.) Ss. 214, 215 applied with modifications. 41.

c. 66 Intermediate Education (I.) S. 2, 8 amended - 43, ss. 1, 4.

32 & 43 Vict. c. 21 Customs and Inland Revenue - Applied as regards exportation of prohibited goods; s. 8 ext. 44.

43 Vict. c. 19 Companies - - S. 7 amended 48, s. 26.

43 & 44 Vict.:

c. 23 Elementary Education - S. 4 amended - 53, s. 6 (1).

c. 41 Burial - Extended; s. 1 rep. in part. 15, 88. 8, 9.

44 & 45 Vict.:

c. 6 Local Taxation Returns (S.) Amended - - 49, 8. 96.

c. 13 Municipal Elections (S.) - Repealed 49, s. 3.

c. 58 Army - Ss. 78 (1) (c), 161 am. - 5, 88. 4, 5.

c. 62 "45. A 46 Vict.: Veterinary Surgeons Amended 24.

c. 48 Reserve Forces - S. 3 rep. in part with saving; s. 10 (4) am. 42.

c. 50 Municipal Corporations - Ss. 9, 11, 39 rep. in part as to persons on active service abroad. 46.

c. 73 Ancient Monuments Extended 34, s. 2 (2).

48 & 47 Vict.:

c. 43 Tramwavs and Public Companies (I.) S. 1 amended in certain cases. 60, s. 2 (3).

c. 61 Agricultural Holdings Ss. 29-32, 39 am.; SS. 29-31, 34 ext.; ss. 1, 6-16, 18-23, 57, Sch. I. rep.; ss. 17, 24, 29, 61 rep. in part. 50, ss. 1, 3, 4, 9, 12.

t Whore no year is mentioned in this column, the chapter belongs to 63 & 64 Vict.

A.D. 1900.

Uffect of Legislation.

233

[Short Title.]

Statute and Chapter. 1 Subject-matter or How affected. Chapter of 63 Vict, and 63 & 64 Vict.t

46 & 47 Vict.:

c. 62 Agricultural Holdings (S.) Ss. 24-26, 28 am.; as. 24, 26, 30 ext.; ss. 1, 6-8, 11-15, 17-20, 38, Sch. rep.; ss. 16, 21, 24, rep. in part. 50, ss. 3, 8, 10(1) 12.

47 & 48 Vict.:

c. 24 Colonial Attorneys Belief Repealed - 14, s. 7 (2),

c. 63 Trusts (S.) - Amended - - 62, ss. 2, 3.

48 & 49 Vict.:

c. 9 Municipal Voters Relief - Rep. as to Scotland 49, s. 3.

c. 15 Registration - General Forms, Part II., Form H., No. 2, temp, am. 8, s. 1 (3).

c. 36 Artillery and Ride Ranges S. 3 repealed - 56, s. 2 (6).

c. 60 Federal Council of Australasia - Rep. with saving - 12, 8. 7.

49 & 50 Vict.:

c. 48 Medical - S. 7 amended - xix., s. 10.

50 & 51 Vict.:

c. 58 Coal Miucs Regulation Ss. 4, 5 amended - 21.

51 & 52 Vict.:

c. 43 County Courts - - S. 71 extended 47.

c. 51 Land Charges Registration, &c. - S. 6 (a) repealed - 26, ss. 3, 5.

52 & 53 Vict.:

c. 20 Agricultural Holdings (S.) Official Secrets - Repealed - 50, s. 12.

o. 52 Ext. to breaches under Census Acts. /4, s. 11 (3). \6, s. 7 (3).

53 & 54 Vict.:

c. 8 Customs and Inland Revenue - S. 5 amended temp. 7, s. 5.

c. 60 Local Taxation (Customs and Excise). S. 3 (ii) amended and rep. in part. 43, ss. 1, 6.

c. 70 Housing of the Working Classes Ss. 54, 65 rep. in part; s. 55 rep.; Part III. ext.; ss. 61, 62 restricted; s. 41 (5), (7), (8), (10), (11) applied. S9. 98, 99 am. 59, ss. 2 (3), 5, 5 (2), 7. 63, s. 9.

54 & 55 Vict 55 Vict.:

c. 56 Elementary Education S. 10 from " and the " rep. 53, s. 8.

c. 68 County Councils (Elections) S. 1 (3) amended - 13.

55 & 56 Vict:

c. 4 Betting and Loans (Infants) S. 2 amended 51, s. 5.

c. 35 Colonial Stock - Amended ... 62.

c. 43 Military Lands Ss. 2, 5, 17, 25 (9) am.; Part II., s. 23 ext. 56, ss. 1 (2), 8 (I) (5), 8, 4, 5.

c. 55 Burgh Police (S.) - Am.; ss. 11, 13, 26 rep. in part; ss. 14, 24, 28-41, 44, 50-54, 55 (2), 61-72, Schs. IX., X. rep. 49, ss. 3, 8.

56 & 57 Vict.:

c. 42 Elementary Education (Blind and Deaf Children). Ss. 4, 5 rep. in part 53, s. 8.

c. 53 Trustees ... Ss. 1, 2 (2) ext. to Colonial Stock. 62, 8. 2.

c. 73 Local Government - Proviso to s. 60 (3) ext. - Amended S. 63 applied - 16, s. 1 (3). 46. 59, 8. 6.

f Where no year is mentioned in this column^ the chapter belongs to 63 & 64 Vict.

---

234 Effect of Legislation, [63 Vict. and 63 & 64 Vict.]

[Short Title.]

Statute and Chapter. Subject-matter or How affected. Chapter of 63 Vict and 63 & 64 Vict.

57 & 58 Vict.:

c. 18 Burgh Police (S.) - Repealed - 49, s. 3.

c. 30 Finance - Amended; s. 4 rep. in part as to persons dying after this Act; s. 8 (14) virt. rep. in part. - 7, ss. 11 (1), 12, 13 (2), 18.

c. 58 Local Government (S.) - Ss. 11, 15 rep. in part; s. 13 (6) rep. - 49, s. 8.

c. 60 Merchant Shipping - Ss. 503, 504 ext - 32, ss. 1, 2.

58 & 59 Vict.:

c. 23 Volunteer - S. 2 repealed - 39, s. 3.

---

c. 27 Market Gardeners’ Compensation S. 3 (2), (3) repealed 50, s. 12.

c. 84 Colonial Boundaries Virt. rep. as to Australian Commonwealth. 12, s. 8.

c. 88 Isle of Man (Customs) S. 1 rep. in part 31, ss. 2, 3.

59 & 60 Vict.:

c. 28 Finance ... S. 17 rep. as to persons dying after this Act 7, ss. 13 (1), 18.

c. 88 Uganda Railway S. 1 amended 11.

c. 47 Land Law (1.) S. 37 (1) restricted 58, s. 9.

60 & 61 Vict.:

c. 6 Military Lands - Amended 56, s.1 (2).

C. 22 Market Gardeners* Compensation (S.). S. 3 (2), (3) rep. 50, s. 12.

c. 37 Workmen’s Compensation Extended to agricultural and other work. 22.

c. 88 Publio Health (S.) Amended 49, 8. 8.

61 & 62 Vict.:

c. 37 Local Government (I.) Am. as to soldiers on active service abroad. Ss. 42 (1), 51, 54 (1) (4) (11), 69, 103, 115 (19), 121 am. 46. 63, ss. 1-7.

c. 57 Elementary School Teachers (Superannuation). i Extended with modifications to Isle of Man and Jersey; ss. 5 (3), 9, 11 am. 1 88. r

---

c. 60 Inebriates - S. 25 (e) rep.; Sch. I. ext. - 28.

62 & 63 Vict.:

c. 47 - Private Legislation Procedure (S.) - S. 19 explained - 63 Vict c. 3.

c. 50 - Agriculture and Technical Instruction (I.). - S. 16 amended - cclxiv., s. 71.

63 & 64 Vict. c. 2 - War Loan - S. 4 am. as to Supplemental War Loan. - 61, s. 1 (3).

* Where no year is mentioned in this column, the chapter belongs to 63 & 64 Vict.

[Table of local acts in classes removed.]

[Index removed.]

