THE

LAW REPORTS.

THE PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES,

PASSED IN THE FOURTH YEAR

OF THE REIGN OF HIS MAJESTY

KING EDWARD THE SEVENTH

1904.

VOL. XLII.

LONDON:

PRINTED BY EYRE AND SPOTTISWOODE,

FOR

T. DIGBY PIGOTT, Esq., C.B., PRINTER TO HIS MAJESTY OF ALL ACTS OF PARLIAMENT,

And Published for the Council of Law Reporting,

By WILLIAM CLOWES AND SONS, Limited,

DUKE STREET, STAMFORD STREET, S.E., AND GREAT WINDMILL STREET, W.

PUBLISHING OFFICE, 7, FLEET STREET, E.C.

1904.

CONTENTS

Table Page

I. Table of the Titles of the Public General Acts passed during the Session - iii

THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

II. Table of the Titles of the Local and Private Acts (including the Public Acts of a Local Character) passed during the Session Arranged according to chapter - 105

IIa. Table of the Titles of the Local and Private Acts (including the Public Acts of a Local Character) passed during the Session Arranged Alphabetically - 131

III. Table showing the effect of the Year’s Legislation on Public General Acts - 138

IV. Table of the Local and Private Acts arranged in Classes - 141

V. Index to the Public General Acts - 152

TABLE 1.

A

TABLE

OF

The Titles of the Public General Acts passed in the Fifth Session of the Twenty-Seventh Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

4 EDWARD VII. A.D. 1904.

1. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and four and one thousand nine hundred and five. (Consolidated Fund (No. 1).)

2. An Act to authorise the appropriation of the surplus funds derived from Battersea Park towards the opening of the Mall into Charing Cross and other Metropolitan Improvements. (Metropolitan Improvements (Funds).)

3. An Act to provide for raising further Money for the purpose of the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1899. (Telegraph (Money).)

4. An Act to amend the Wild Birds Protection Acts. (Wild Birds Protection.)

5. An Act to provide, during twelve months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army. (Army (Annual).)

6. An Act to amend the Law with respect to the Hall-marking of Foreign Plate. (Hall-marking of Foreign Plate.)

7. An Act to grant certain duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other duties, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue and the National Debt, and to make other provisions for the financial arrangements of the year. (Finance.)

8. An Act to amend the Savings Banks Act. (Savings Banks.)

9. An Act to provide for the Registration of Clubs in Ireland, and for other purposes connected therewith. (Registration of Clubs (Ireland).)

10. An Act to extend the provisions of the Wiid Birds Protection Acts to the Island of St. Kilda, excepting as regards certain Birds required for the support of the Inhabitants of the Island. (Wild Birds Protection (St. Kilda).)

11. An Act to extend the privileges of the Graduates of the University of Liverpool. (University of Liverpool.)

12. An Act to extend the privileges of the Graduates of the University of Leeds. (Leeds University.)

13. An Act to provide for the Adjustment, in accordance with changes of boundary effected under the London Government Act, 1899, of the Areas within which Local Authorities and Companies are authorised to supply Electricity. (London Electric Lighting Areas.)

14. An Act to amend the Post Office Acts with respect to cumulative commissions on Money Orders and the use of embossed and impressed stamps. (Post Office.)

15. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Prevention of Cruelty to Children. (Prevention of Cruelty to Children.)

16. An Act to enable Regulations to be made for carrying into effect conventions with respect to the prevention of danger arising to public health from vessels, and the prevention of the conveyance of infection by means of vessels. (Public Health.)

17. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and five, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. (Appropriation.)

18. An Act to make provision for the case of default on the part of Local Authorities in the performance of their duties as respects elementary schools. (Education (Local Authority Default).)

19. An Act to amend the Law relating to Private Sidings on Railways. (Railways (Private Sidings).)

20. An Act to make provision for the transfer of Property and other matters consequent upon the dissolution of Districts and Poor Law Unions or the addition of one Poor Law Union to another. (Poor Law Authorities (Transfer of Property).)

21. An Act to enable the Treasury to borrow by means of Exchequer Bonds for purposes for which they are authorised to borrow by means of Terminable Annuities. (Capital Expenditure (Money).)

22. An Act to make provision with respect to an advance to be made to the Cunard Steamship Company (Limited), under an Agreement with that Company dated the thirtieth day of July nineteen hundred and three. (Cunard Agreement (Money).)

23. An Act to amend the Licensing Acts, 1828 to 1902, in respect to the extinction of Licences and the grant of new Licences. (Licensing.)

24. An Act to provide for the regulation of Wireless Telegraphy. (Wireless Telegraphy.)

25. An Act to amend the Law with respect to Customs Duties in the Isle of Man. (Isle of Man (Customs).)

26. An Act to amend the Indian Councils Act, 1874. (Indian Councils.)

27. An Act to authorise the transfer to the Secretary for Scotland of certain powers and duties under the Acts relating to Reformatory and Industrial Schools. (Secretary for Scotland.)

28. An Act to amend the Law relating to Weights and Measures. (Weights and Measures.)

29. An Act to continue various Expiring Laws. (Expiring Laws Continuance.)

30. An Act to provide for the foundation of Bishoprics of Southwark and Birmingham and for matters incidental thereto. (Bishoprics of Southwark and Birmingham.)

31. An Act to provide for the Early Closing of Shops. (Shop Hours.)

32. An Act to amend the Outdoor Relief Friendly Societies Act, 1894. (Outdoor Relief (Friendly Societies).)

33. An Act for approving and carrying into Effect a Convention between His Majesty and the President of the French Republic. (Anglo-French Convention.)

34. An Act to explain and amend Section forty-eight of the Irish Land Act, 1903, with respect to the payment and application of the percentage provided by the said section. (Irish Land.)

35. An Act to amend the Law relating to Prisons in Scotland by abolishing the distinction between general prisons and ordinary prisons. (Prisons (Scotland).)

36. An Act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans out of the Local Loans Fund, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans. (Public Works Loans.)

THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES.

4 Edward 7.

CHAPTER 1.

An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and four and one thousand nine hundred and five.

[29th March 1904.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sums herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Issue of 4, 266,177l. out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the year ending 31st March 1904.]

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and four, the sum of four million two hundred and fifty-six thousand one hundred and seventy-seven pounds.

[Issue of 39, 571,200l. out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the year ending 31st March 1906.]

2. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and five, the sum of thirty-nine million five hundred and seventy-one thousand two hundred pounds.

[Power for the Treasury to borrow.]

3. — (1) The Treasury may borrow from any person, by the issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said sums, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole forty-three million eight hundred and twenty-seven thousand three hundred and seventy-seven pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March

2 Ch. 1, 2. Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1904. 4 Edw. 7.

[40 & 41 Vict. c. 2.]

nineteen hundred and five, and section six of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills), shall not apply with respect to those bills.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding five pounds per cent, per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

[Short title.]

4. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1904.

CHAPTER 2.

An Act to authorise the appropriation of the surplus funds derived from Battersea Park towards the opening of the Mall into Charing Cross and other Metropolitan Improvements.

[29th March 1904.]

[14 & 15 Vict. c. 77.]

WHEREAS under section sixteen of an Act passed in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of Her late Majesty, chapter seventy-seven, intituled "An Act to alter and extend the powers of an Act of the ninth and tenth years of Her Majesty's reign, intituled 'An Act to empower the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods to form a Royal Park in Battersea Fields, in the county of Surrey,'" provision was made for the Creation of a surplus fund, derived from moneys payable under that Act, and for the accumulation of the said fund until it should be required for, and appropriated by Parliament to, the execution of improvements in the metropolis or its neighbourhood, and it is expedient to authorise the appropriation of that fund:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Appropriation of fund to Charing Cross and other improvements.]

1. The said fund may be applied by the Commissioners of Works towards the opening of the Mall into Charing Cross and other works connected therewith, and if any residue remains it may be applied by the Commissioners, with the sanction of the Treasury, to such other improvements in the metropolis or its neighbourhood as they may think tit.

[Short titles.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Metropolitan Improvements (Funds) Act, 1904, and the above recited Act may be cited as the Battersea Park Act, 1851.

1904. Telegraph (Money) Act, 1904. Ch. 3, 4.

CHAPTER 3.

An Act to provide for raising further Money for the purpose of the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1899.

[29th March 1904.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Grant of 3,000,000l. for the purpose of the Telegraph Acts.]

1. The Treasury may, without prejudice to the exercise of any powers previously given for the like purpose, issue out of the Consolidated Fund, or the growing produce thereof, such sums, not exceeding in the whole the sum of three million pounds, as may be required by the Postmaster-General for the purpose of the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1899, according to estimates approved by the Treasury, and subsections two and three of section one of

[55 & 56 Vict. c. 59.]

the Telegraph Act, 1892 (which relate to the mode in which money may be raised), shall apply with respect to the sums so authorised to be issued.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Telegraph (Money) Act, 1904, and may be cited with the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1899.

CHAPTER 4.

An Act to amend the Wild Birds Protection Acts.

[28th April 1904.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Offences and penalties.]

1. From and after the passing of this Act every person who, on any pole, tree, or cairn of stones or earth, shall affix, place, or set any spring, trap, gin, or other similar instrument calculated to cause bodily injury to any wild bird coming in contact therewith, and every person who shall knowingly permit or suffer or cause any such trap to be so affixed, placed, or set, shall be guilty of an offence, and shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings, and, for a second or subsequent offence, to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

[Prosecution of offences. 43 & 44 Vict. c. 35.]

2. Every offence under this Act may be prosecuted under the provisions of section five of the Wild Birds Protection Act, 1880.

[Short title and construction.]

3. This Act may be cited as the Wild Birds Protection Act, 1904, and shall be construed with the Wild Birds Protection Acts, 1880 to 1902, and those Acts and this Act may be cited collectively as the Wild Birds Protection Acts, 1880 to 1904.

4 Ch. 5. Army (Annual) Act, 1904. 4 Edw. 7.

CHAPTER 5.

An Act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

[28th April 1904.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping of a standing army within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in time of peace, unless it be with the consent of Parliament, is against law:

And whereas it is adjudged necessary by His Majesty and this present Parliament that a body of forces should be continued for the safety of the United Kingdom and the defence of the possessions of His Majesty's Crown, and that the whole number of such forces should consist of two hundred and twenty-seven thousand, including those to be employed at the depots in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the training of recruits, for service at home and abroad, but exclusive of the numbers actually serving within His Majesty's Indian possessions:

And whereas it is also judged necessary for the safety of the United Kingdom, and the defence of the possessions of this realm, that a body of Royal Marine forces should be employed in His Majesty's fleet and naval service, under the direction of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid:

And whereas the said marine forces may frequently be quartered or be on shore, or sent to do duty or be on board transport ships or vessels, merchant ships or vessels, or other ships or vessels, or they may be under other circumstances in which they will not be subject to the laws relating to the government of His Majesty's forces by sea:

And whereas no man can be forejudged of life or limb, or subjected in time of peace to any kind of punishment within this realm, by martial law, or in any other manner than by the judgment of his peers and according to the known and established laws of this realm; yet nevertheless, it being requisite, for the retaining all the before-mentioned forces, and other persons subject to military law, in their duty, that an exact discipline be observed, and that persons belonging to the said forces who mutiny or stir up sedition, or desert His Majesty's service, or are guilty of crimes and offences to the prejudice of good order and military discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the usual forms of the law will allow:

[44 & 45 Vict. c. 58.]

And whereas the Army Act will expire in the year one thousand nine hundred and four on the following days:

(a) In the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man, on the thirtieth day of April; and

(b) Elsewhere in Europe, inclusive of Malta, also in the West Indies and America, on the thirty-first day of July and

(c) Elsewhere, whether within or without His Majesty's dominions, on the thirty-first day of December:

1904. Army (Annual) Act, 1904. Ch. 5. 5

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Army (Annual) Act, 1904.

[Army Act to be in force for specified times.]

2. — (1) The Army Act shall be and remain in force during the periods hereinafter mentioned, and no longer, unless otherwise provided by Parliament (that is to say): —

(a) Within the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man, from the thirtieth day of April one thousand nine hundred and four to the thirtieth day of April one thousand nine hundred and five, both inclusive; and

(b) Elsewhere in Europe, inclusive of Malta, also in the West Indies and America, from the thirty-first day of July one thousand nine hundred and four to the thirty-first day of July one thousand nine hundred and five, both inclusive; and

(c) Elsewhere, whether within or without His Majesty's dominions, from the thirty-first day of December one thousand nine hundred and four to the thirty-first day of December one thousand nine hundred and five, both inclusive.

(2) The Army Act, while in force, shall apply to persons subject to military law, whether within or without His Majesty's dominions.

(3) A person subject to military law shall not be exempted from the provisions of the Army Act by reason only that the number of the forces for the time being in the service of His Majesty, exclusive of the marine forces, is either greater or less than the number hereinbefore mentioned.

[Prices in respect of billeting.]

3. There shall be paid to the keeper of a victualling house, for the accommodation provided by him in pursuance of the Army Act, the prices specified in the Schedule to this Act.

Amendments of Army Act.

[Amendment of Army Act as to appeals from commanding officers.]

4. In subsection (8) of section forty-six of the Army Act, as amended by the Army (Annual) Act, 1893, after the words "he shall" shall be added the words "in every case where the award or finding involves a forfeiture of pay, and in every other case."

[As to commutation of punishments.]

5. In paragraph (7) of section eighty-three of the Army Act (which relates to the commutation of punishment to general service), the words "three months " shall be substituted for the words "six months."

[As to enlistment of aliens, &c.]

6. — (1) In subsection (2) of section ninety-five of the Army Act (which relates to the enlistment of aliens, &c.) after the words "provisions of this section" shall be added the words "any inhabitant of any British protectorate and"

6 Ch. 5. Army (Annual) Act, 1904. 4 Edw. 7

(2) In subsection (29) of section one hundred and ninety of the Army Act (which defines the expression "colony, ") after the word "Cyprus" shall be added the words "and any British protectorate."

[As to stoppages from pay of officers.]

7. At the end of section one hundred and thirty-seven of the Army Act the following paragraph shall be inserted —

"(4) The sum required to make good any loss, damage, or destruction of public property which, after due investigation, appears to the Secretary of State to have been occasioned by any wrongful act or negligence on the part of the officer."

[As to compulsory stoppage of pay for maintenance orders.]

8. In subsection (2) of section one hundred and forty-five of the Army Act (which relates to the maintenance of the wife, child, or bastard child of a soldier), the words "in respect of a wife or children one shilling and in respect of a bastard child sixpence" shall be substituted for the word "sixpence, " the words "in respect of a wife or children sixpence and in respect of a bastard child threepence" shall be substituted for the word "threepence, " the words "in the first case" shall be repealed, the word "or" shall be substituted for the words "and in the second case, " and the words "as the case may be" shall be inserted after the words "such wife or children."

[Extension of s. 156 (9) to bounties. 54 & 55 Vict. c. 5.]

9. In subsection (9) of section one hundred and fifty-six of the Army Act, as amended by the Army (Annual) Act, 1891 (which relates to unlawful possession of identity and life certificates), after the words "to reserve pay" shall be added the words "or to any bounty, " and after the words "to the pay" shall be added the words "or bounty."

[Amendment of Army Act as to persons subject to military law as officers.]

10. At the end of section one hundred and seventy-five of the Army Act (which relates to persons subject to military law as officers) the following paragraph shall be added:—

"(10) Any reserve officer, within the meaning of the Royal Warrant regulating the composition of the reserve of officers, when he is ordered on any duty or service for which, as such reserve officer, he is liable."

[As to marines.]

11. At the end of paragraph (21) of section one hundred and seventy-nine of the Army Act (which relates to the modification of the Act with respect to the Royal Marines) shall be added the words

[63 & 64 Vict. c. 52. 3 Edw. 7. c. 6.]

"and also a marine raised or enrolled under the Naval Reserve Act, 1900, or the Naval Forces Act, 1903, when called into actual service and when being trained or exercised."

[As to sentences on warrant officers.]

12. In paragraph (2) of section one hundred and eighty-two of the Army Act which relates to sentences on warrant officers: —

(a) the words "or to be suspended from rank and pay and allowances for any period stated by the court martial" shall be repealed; and

(b) the words "if he was originally enlisted as a soldier, but not otherwise, " shall be repealed, and the same words shall be inserted after the words "lower grade, or" in the same subsection.

1904. Army (Annual) Act, 1904. Ch. 5, 6. 7

[Amendment of Second Schedule, as to billeting.]

13. At the end of Part I. of the Second Schedule to the Army Act, the following paragraph shall be added: —

For the purposes of this Part of this Schedule the expression "furnish with lodging" shall include the provision of a separate bed for each officer and soldier.

[Date on which amendments to Army Act are to come into operation.]

14. Amendments of the Army Act, contained in this or any other Act continuing the Army Act, shall come into operation in any place as from the day from which the Army Act is, by this or such other Act, continued in that place.

[Section 3.]

SCHEDULE.

Accommodation to be provided. - Maximum Price.

Lodging and attendance for soldier where hot meal furnished. - Fourpence per night.

Hot meal as specified in Part I. of the Second Schedule to the Army Act. - One shilling and threepence halfpenny each.

Breakfast as so specified - One penny halfpenny each.

Where no hot meal furnished, lodging and attendance, and candles, vinegar, salt and the use of fire and the necessary utensils for dressing and eating his meat. - Fourpence per day.

Ten pounds of oats, twelve pounds of hay and eight pounds of straw per day for each horse. - One shilling and nine-pence per day.

Lodging and attendance for officer - Two shillings per night.

Note. — An officer shall pay for his food.

CHAPTER 6.

An Act to amend the Law with respect to the Hallmarking of Foreign Plate.

[22nd July 1904.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Marks to be placed on foreign plate. 5 & 6 Vict. c. 47. 46 & 47 Vict. c. 55.]

1. — (1) Where, for the purpose of complying with sections fifty-nine and sixty of the Customs Act, 1842, or section ten of the Revenue Act, 1883, any plate has to be assayed, stamped and marked, or where, for any other purpose, any plate or article imported from a foreign part is brought to an assay office in the

8 Ch. 6. Hall-marking of Foreign Plate Act, 1904. 4 Edw. 7.

United Kingdom to be assayed, stamped or marked, the plate or article shall be marked, in such manner as His Majesty may determine by Order in Council, so as readily to distinguish whether the plate or other article was wrought or made in England, Scotland, or Ireland, or was imported from foreign parts, and such mark or marks shall be deemed to be a compliance with the said Acts.

(2) Any person, who, after a date fixed by His Majesty by Order in Council, brings or causes to be brought any plate or other article to be assayed, stamped and marked at an assay office, shall state in writing, in manner provided by His Majesty by Order in Council, whether the plate or article was wrought or made in England, Scotland, or Ireland, or was imported from foreign parts, but it shall not be necessary to make such statement in writing where any plate or other article is brought to an assay office in charge of an officer of customs, under the provisions of the Revenue Act, 1883, for the purpose of being assayed, stamped or marked as having been imported from foreign parts.

(3) Where any person, who, after the date fixed as aforesaid, brings or causes to be brought any plate or other article to be assayed, stamped and marked at an assay office, does not know, and is not able to state, whether the plate or other article was wrought or made in England, Scotland, or Ireland, or was imported from foreign parts, such person shall make a statement in writing to that effect in the manner prescribed in this section, and the plate or other article, referred to in the said statement shall be stamped and marked as if it were imported from foreign parts.

(4) If any person knowingly makes a false statement under this section he shall be liable, on summary conviction, under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts, to a fine not exceeding five pounds for every article in respect of which the false statement is made.

(5) The Customs Act, 1842, shall apply as if a reference to the mode of marking required under this Act were substituted for a reference to the mode of marking under that Act.

(6) His Majesty may, by Order in Council, revoke, vary or add to any Order in Council made under this Act.

[Application to Scotland.]

2. In Scotland all offences which are punishable under this Act on summary conviction shall be prosecuted before the sheriff in manner provided by the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Acts.

[Commencement of Act.]

3. This Act shall come into force on the first day of November, one thousand nine hundred and four.

[Short title and repeal. 39 & 40 Vict. c. 35.]

4. — (1) Section two of the Customs Tariff Act, 1876, is hereby repealed.

(2) This Act may be cited as the Hall-marking of Foreign Plate Act, 1904.

1904. Finance Act, 1904. Ch. 7. 9

CHAPTER 7.

An Act to grant certain duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other duties and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue and the National Debt, and to make other provisions for the financial arrangements of the year.

[1st August 1904.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray Your Majesty's public expenses and making an addition to the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several duties herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Part I.

Customs and Excise.

[Duty on tea.]

1. In lieu of the duty of customs payable on tea imported into Great Britain or Ireland, there shall, as from the twentieth day of April nineteen hundred and four, until the first day of July nineteen hundred and five, be charged, levied and paid the following duty (that is to say):—

Tea, the pound, eightpence.

[Duties on certain kinds of tobacco. 61 & 62 Vict. c. 10.]

2. — (1) The duties of Customs payable under section one of the Finance Act, 1898, on manufactured tobacco, shall, as from the twentieth day of April nineteen hundred and four, be increased in the case of cigars by sixpence per pound, and in the case of cigarettes by one shilling per pound, and the duties payable under the same section on unmanufactured tobacco shall, as from the same date, be increased, in the case of stripped tobacco, by threepence per pound.

(2) A rebate, at the rate of three-halfpence for every pound of tobacco, shall be allowed on any increased duty under this Act paid on or after the nineteenth day of July nineteen hundred and four in respect of any stripped tobacco which is shown, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs, to have been deposited in a bonded warehouse before, or to have been in an importing vessel consigned to a port in Great Britain or Ireland on, the twentieth day of April nineteen hundred and four.

(3) In this section the expression "stripped tobacco" means any leaf tobacco of which the leaf is not complete by reason of the removal of the stalk or midrib or of some portion thereof, but

10 Ch. 7. Finance Act, 1904. 4 Edw. 7.

tobacco shall not be deemed to be stripped tobacco solely by reason of its having been subjected to such process of butting as the Commissioners of Customs allow.

[Re-arrangement of tobacco drawbacks and provision as to moisture. 26 & 27 Vict, c. 7.]

3. — (1) Drawback allowed under section one of the Manufactured Tobacco Act, 1863, as extended or amended by any subsequent Act, on tobacco exported from Great Britain or Ireland or deposited in a bonded or King’s warehouse shall, as from the fourth day of May nineteen hundred and four, be allowed at the rates set out in the Schedule to this Act, instead of at the rate in force before that date, but subject to the provisions contained in that Schedule.

[61 & 62 Vict. c. 10. 50 & 51 Vict. c. 15.]

(2) Section two of the Finance Act, 1898, is hereby repealed, and in section four of the Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1887 (which relates to moisture in tobacco), the words "thirty-two per centum" shall be substituted for the words "thirty-five per centum."

[Continuance of additional customs duty and drawbacks on tobacco, beer and spirits. 63 & 64 Vict, c. 7.]

4. The additional duties of customs on tobacco, beer and spirits imposed by sections two, three, four and five of the Finance Act, 1900 (including the increased duties imposed by section five of that Act), shall continue to be charged, levied and paid until the first day of July nineteen hundred and five, and, as regards the period for which any additional drawback is allowed under the said section four, July nineteen hundred and five shall be substituted for August nineteen hundred and one.

[Continuance of additional excise duties and drawbacks on beer and spirits. 63 & 64 Vict. c. 7.]

5. The additional duties of excise on beer and spirits imposed by sections six and seven of the Finance Act, 1900, shall continue to be charged, levied and paid until the first day of July nineteen hundred and five, and, as regards the period in respect of which any additional drawback is allowed under the said section six, July nineteen hundred and five shall be substituted for August nineteen hundred and one.

Redaction of warehouse delivery charges. 39 & 40 Vict. c. 103.

6. — (1) In lieu and instead of the additional rates provided for

in the Customs Tariff Act, 1876, there shall be charged upon the delivery the following goods from any warehouse for home consumption, in addition to the duties of Customs and any other charges thereon, for every one hundred pounds of such duties of Customs payable thereon, the rates following (that is to say):—

s. d.

In respect of tobacco - 1 3

In respect of other goods - 2 6

whether such tobacco or other goods shall have been removed to such warehouse under bond or not.

[32 & 33 Vict. c. 103.]

(2) The rate of charge on the delivery of spirits from an excise warehouse under the Customs and Excise Warehousing Act, 1869, shall be reduced from five shillings to two shillings and sixpence.

[39 & 40 Vict. c. 35.]

(3) The last paragraph but one of the schedule to the Customs Tariff Act, 1876, beginning "There shall be charged upon the delivery of the following goods," and ending with the words "under bond or not" is hereby repealed.

1904. Finance Act, 1904. Ch. 7. 11

Part II.

Income Tax and Inhabited House Duty.

[Income tax for 1904-1905.]

7. — (1) Income tax for the year beginning on the sixth day of April nineteen hundred and four shall be charged at the rate of one shilling.

(2) All such enactments relating to income tax as were in force on the fifth day of April nineteen hundred and four shall have full force and effect with respect to the duty of income tax hereby granted.

---

(3) The annual value of any property, which has been adopted for the purpose either of income tax under Schedules A. and B. in the Income Tax Act, 1853, or of inhabited house duty, during the year ending on the fifth day of April nineteen hundred and four, shall be taken as the annual value of such property for the same purpose during the next subsequent year; provided that this subsection —

(a) so far as respects the duty on inhabited houses in Scotland, shall be construed with the substitution of the twenty-fourth day of May for the fifth day of April; and

(b) shall not apply to the Metropolis as defined by the Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869.

(4) Section thirty-eight of the Finance Act, 1894 (which relates to duty bn dividends, &c., paid prior to the passing of the Act), shall be applied with respect to the year which commenced on the sixth day of April nineteen hundred and four, as it was applied with respect to the year which commenced on the sixth day of April eighteen hundred and ninety-four.

8. Whereas doubts have arisen whether unregistered friendly societies are entitled to the exemption from income tax given under the Acts relating to income tax to persons whose income does not exceed one hundred and sixty pounds, be it enacted that an unregistered friendly society whose income does not exceed one hundred and sixty pounds is entitled to that exemption.

9. Section fifty-four of the Income Tax Act, 1853 (under which relief is granted in respect of premiums on life insurances or contracts for deferred annuities), shall apply in relation to life insurances or contracts for deferred annuities effected in or with any insurance; company legally established in any British possession as it applies in relation to life insurances or contracts in or with the insurance companies mentioned in that section.

Part III.

Unclaimed Dividends Account.

10. The National Debt Commissioners shall, as and when the Treasury request, pay into the Exchequer, out of the account under Part VII. of the National Debt Act, 1870, of unclaimed dividends, sums not exceeding in the whole one million pounds, and may for that purpose sell any stock standing to the credit of that account.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 34.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 67.

57 & 58 Vict. c. 30.

Income tax exemption in case of unregistered friendly societies.

Relief from income tax on insurances rrith colonial companies.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 34.

Payment out of unclaimed dividends account. 33 & 34 Vict. c. 71.

12

Ch. 7.

Finance Act, 1904. 4 Edw. 7.

Construction and short title.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 36.

Section 3.

Temporary additional rates. 63 & 64 Vict. c. 7.

Drawback on

stalks, &c.

Deductions in case of snuff.

Deductions in ease of tobacco other than snuff.

Part IV.

General.

11. — (1) Part I. of this Act, so far as it relates to duties of customs, shall be construed together with the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876, and the Acts amending that Act, and, so far as it relates to duties of excise, shall be construed together with the Acts which relate to the duties of excise and the management of those duties.

(2) This Act may be cited as the Finance Act, 1904.

SCHEDULE.

Table of Rates of Drawback.

— Ordinary Rate. Addition while Additional 1900 Duty is in force. Total while Additional 1900 Duty is in force.

Cigars - the lb. s. 3 3 d. 4 8. d. 3 7

Cigarettes - - the lb. 3 1 4 3 5

Cnt, roll, cake, or other manufactured tobacco the lb. 3 1 4 3 5

Snuff (not being offal snuff) the lb. 2 11 4 CO CO

Stalks, shorts, or other refuse of tobaoco (including offal snuff) - the lb. 2 9 4 3 1

Provisions affecting Allowance of Drawback.

1. The addition to the rate of drawback, set out in the second column of the above table, shall be allowed only while the additional duty of customs on tobacco, under section two of the Finance Act, 1900, is continued, and for a period of two months after that additional duty ceases.

2. The provisions relating to the drawback and exemption from duty allowed in respect of snuff shall apply to stalks, shorts and other refuse of tobacco not of the fineness of snuff, as they apply to snuff.

3. The deduction from drawback in respect of inorganic matter contained in snuff shall not be made unless the quantity of inorganic matter exceeds the proportion of twenty-two pounds in every hundred pounds weight of snuff, as calculated under the provisions applicable thereto.

4. A deduction from drawback in respect of inorganic matter contained in tobacco shall not be made unless the quantity of inorganic matter exceeds the proportion of twenty-two pounds in every hundred pounds weight, as calculated under the provisions applicable thereto, and where the quantity of inorganic matter exceeds that proportion drawback shall be allowed, but subject to the like deductions as are made in the case of snuff.

1904. Finance Act, 1904. Ch. 7, 8. 13

5. Notwithstanding anything in section one of the Manufactured Tobacco Act, 1863, drawback on tobacco shall be allowed in respect of fractions of a pound in accordance with the provisions of section seventeen of the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876.

6. These provisions shall, for the purpose of subsection two of section six of the Finance Act, 1896, be treated as part of section one of the Manufactured Tobacco Act, 1863, and that subsection shall apply to stalks, shorts and other refuse of tobacco not of the fineness of snuff.

CHAPTER 8.

An Act to amend the Savings Banks Acts.

[1st August 1904.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. After the commencement of this Act an auditor of a Trustee Savings Bank shall be appointed for a term not exceeding one year, provided that a retiring auditor shall be eligible for reappointment.

2. It shall be lawful for the Trustees of a Trustee Savings Bank and for the Postmaster General to defray all or any of the expenses of any penny savings bank having a deposit account with the Trustees or the Postmaster General, as the case may be, incurred in obtaining necessary account books, stationery, or similar articles and in providing for the audit cr inspection of the books and accounts of such penny savings bank, and the expenses so defrayed by the Trustees of a Trustee Savings Bank shall be deemed necessary expenses of a Trustee Savings Bank within the meaning of section two of the Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1863.

3. — (1) The Trustees of a Trustee Savings Bank may, with the consent of the Inspection Committee, grant to any officer of the Bank who becomes incapable of discharging the duties of his office by reason of old age, or permanent infirmity of body or mind, and who has completed not less than ten years service as an officer of the bank, compensation on his ceasing to hold office, by way either of a yearly allowance or of a gratuity of a capital amount, or by a combination of both these means.

(2) A yearly allowance or gratuity under this Act shall not exceed such sum as might be granted by way of yearly allowance or gratuity respectively, under sections two and six of the Superannuation Act, 1859, to persons to whom a superannuation allowance may be granted under that Act, and a combined yearly allowance and gratuity shall, for the purposes of this provision, be treated as a yearly allowance consisting of the actual yearly

Drawback on fractions^of a pound.

Application of 59 & 60 Vict. c. 28. 8. 6.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 7.

Auditors of Trustee Savings Banks.

Expenses of penny savings banks.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 87.

Superannuation of officers of Trustee Savings Banks.

22 Vict. c. 26.

14r

Ch. 8.

Savings Banks Act, 1904. 4 Edw. 7.

Power of Trustee Savings Banks to purchase, sell, and lease property.

Amalgamation of Trustees Savings Banks.

allowance increased by* an amount which represents a yearly allowance equivalent to the gratuity.

(3) Any such compensation shall be paid as part of the current expenses of the Bank, or, with the sanction of the Inspection Committee, Cut of any moneys standing to the credit of the separate surplus fund.

(4) Compensation payable by way of a yearly allowance shall only be continued so long as, in the opinion of the Inspection Committee, the surplus funds of the Bank admit of, or can provide for, such payment.

4. Section ten of the Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1863, shall be read as if the following words were added thereto: — The Trustees shall have power, with the consent of the National Debt Commissioners, to purchase land or erect buildings for the purposes of their savings bank, and for those purposes to apply money standing to the separate surplus fund account of their bank, and with the like consent to sell, exchange, or lease any land or buildings acquired by them for the purposes of such Savings Bank, or any part thereof, and no purchaser, assignee or tenant shall be bound to inquire as to the authority for, or consent of the National Debt Commissioners to, any such sale, exchange, or lease, and the receipt of the Trustees for the time being shall be a discharge for all moneys accruing from or in connexion with such sale, exchange, or lease, which moneys shall be accounted for, and the balance, after deducting the amount of any necessary expenses incurred by the Trustees in connexion therewith, paid over to the said Commissioners, to be by them carried to the Separate Surplus Fund to the credit of the Trustees, and any conveyance, lease, deed, act, or thing executed, made, or done by such Trustees, for giving legal effect to any such sale, exchange, or lease, shall be valid and effectual to all intents and purposes. The term "land " shall include hereditaments and chattels real, and in Scotland heritable subjects of whatsoever description.

5. — (1) Any two or more Trustee Savings Banks may, with the assent of the National Debt Commissioners, on the recommendation of the Inspection Committee, by special resolution of both or all such Banks, become amalgamated together as one Bank with or without any dissolution or division of the funds of such Banks, or either or any of them, and all the funds and property of such Banks shall become vested in the amalgamated Bank without the necessity of any form of conveyance or assignment other than the special resolution for amalgamation.

(2) For the purposes of such amalgamation a special resolution shall mean a resolution passed by not less than three-fourths of the Trustees of the Bank present at a general meeting, of which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution has been duly given according to the rules, and confirmed by a majority of the Trustees present at a subsequent meeting, of which notice has been duly given, held not less than fourteen days nor more than one month from the date of the first-mentioned meeting.

1904. Savings Banks Act, 1904. Ch. 8. 15

6. — (1) Notwithstanding anything in paragraph (i) of section ten of the Savings Banks Act, 1891 (which limits the power of Trustee' Savings Banks to make special investments), the Trustees of a Trustee Savings Bank may, on the recommendation of the Inspection Committee, and if authorised by the National Debt Commissioners, make special investments.

Before giving their authority under this section, the National Debt Commissioners shall be satisfied that the Bank is open daily and has an aggregate cash liability to its depositors, irrespective of the amount of any special investments, of not less than two hundred thousand pounds, and the National Debt Commissioners may withdraw their authority if at any time in their opinion either of these conditions is not for the time being complied with.

(2) Money received for special investments may, notwithstanding anything in section ten of the Savings Banks Act, 1891, be invested in any securities issued under the Local Loans Act, 1875, and in loans secured on the security of any local rate levied, under the authority of any Act of Parliament, by any local authority authorised to borrow money on that security.

(3) The rules of every Trustee Savings Bank making special investments shall, as respects those investments, provide that the Trustees shall have power to demand at least, one month’s notice in advance of any repayment of whatever amount required by a depositor.

(4) The Trustees of a Trustee Savings Bank making special investments shall cause to be printed, in the pass-books in use for the purpose of special investments, a notice stating that the security of any special investment is not in any way guaranteed by the Government.

7. The rules for the management of a savings bank may provide for the execution and signing of instruments and documents on behalf of the Trustees by not less than four Trustees, authorised for the purpose by the Trustees, and any such rules, if duly certified, shall be binding on all persons and be operative for all purposes, but shall not affect anything contained in any regulations made by the National Debt Commissioners under section sixteen of the Revenue Act, 1903.

8. Section three of the Savings Bank Act, 1893 (which provides for the investment, unless the depositor otherwise directs, of any interest or dividend credited to him and of any sums transferred to him in excess of the limit of his deposit), shall cease to have effect.

9. — (1) The National Debt Commissioners in conjunction with the Postmaster General shall, at the close of each year ending on the thirty-first day of December, prepare a statement showing the aggregate amount of the liabilities of the Government to depositors in Post Office Savings Banks at that date and the nature and amount of the securities held by the Commissioners to meet those liabilities, and the National Debt Commissioners shall, at the close of each year ending on the twentieth day of

Special investments.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 21.

38 & 39 Vict, c. 83.

Buies for authentication of documents.

3 Edur. 7. c. 46.

Deposit accounts in excess of 2001.

56 & 57 Vict. c. 69.

Annual statement of liabilities.

16

Ch.:8.

Savings Banks, 1904. 4 Edw. 7.

November, prepare a statement showing the aggregate amount of the liabilities of the Government to Trustee Savings Banks and to Friendly Societies respectively and the nature and amount of the securities held by the Commissioners to meet those liabilities; and the statements so prepared shall be laid before Parliament not later than the last day of June in each year.

(2) The obligation of the National Debt Commissioners and the Postmaster General to prepare a balance sheet under section c62? 27 Vict* the Savings Bank Investment Act, 186*1, and section nine of

24 & 25 Vict the Post Office Savings Bank Act, 1861, shall cease, but nothing c. i4. in this section shall affect any liability of the Consolidated Fund in

respect of the said liabilities, and section six of the Post Office Savings Bank Act, 1861, shall apply with respect to the liabilities of the fund for the Banks for savings, as it applies with respect to the liabilities of the Post Office Savings Bank Fund.

Interest on the investments of the deficiency annuity under 43 & 44 Vict. c. 36 to be treated as income.

40 & 41 Vict c. 13.

43 & 44 Vict. c. 36.

10. — (I) As from the twenty-first day of November nineteen hundred and three, all interest arising after that date from any securities in which the money received or to be received on account of the Trustee Savings Banks (Deficiency) Annuity is invested, or in which any money arising from the investment of the annuity is invested, shall, for the purpose of the annual account made out by the National Debt Commissioners under the Customs, Inland Revenue and Savings Banks Act, 1877, be treated as income arising from the securities in which sums received by the National Debt Commissioners from Trustees of Trustee Savings Banks are invested.

(2) In this section the expression "Trustee Savings Banks (Deficiency) Annuity" means the annuity directed by the Savings Banks Act, 1880, to be inscribed in the books of the Bank of England for the National Debt Commissioners on account of Trustee Savings Banks for the purpose of paying off the deficiency mentioned in that Act.

(3) The amount payable in respect of the said annuity shall continue to be paid in each year up to the end of the half-year ending on the twentieth day of May nineteen hundred and seventeen and shall continue to be charged accordingly.

Discontinuance of acknowledgments of deposits under one pound.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 14.

11. The entry in a depositor’s book under section two of the Post Office Savings Bank Act, 1861, of a deposit of less than one pound shall be conclusive evidence of title, in the same manner as an acknowledgment of a deposit by the Postmaster General Is evidence of title under that section, and it shall not be necessary to transmit any such acknowledgment in the case of such a deposit.

Transfer of sav- 12. — (1) The Postmaster General may enter into an arrange-

ings banks de- ment with any government savings bank authority in any British ^"0°; possession or foreign country for the transfer of sums standing to foreign savings the credit of depositors from such a government savings bank to banks. the Post Office Savings Bank, or from the Post Office Savings

Bank to such a government savings bank.

(2) Wherever such an arrangement has been made, the Postmaster General may place any amount transferred in pursuance

1904. Savings Banks Act, 1904. Ch. 8. 17

thereof to the Post Office Savings Bank to the credit of a depositor’s account in that bank, although the amotlnt transferred may exceed the amount which a depositor may deposit in any one savings bank year, but no amount shall be so credited which shall make tl>e total amount standing to the credit of the account exceed the maximum for the time being allowed by law.

(3) Regulations made by the Postmaster General, with the consent of the Treasury, under the Post Office Savings Bank Acts,

1861 to 1893, may provide for any matters necessary to give effect to transfers authorised in pursuance of this section.

13. In this Act — Interpretation.

The expression "Trustee Savings Bank" means a bank

certified under the Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1863; 26 & 27 Vict.

The expression "penny savings bank" means a bank the c* 87' rules of which fix a sum not exceeding five pounds as the maximum amount which may stand to the credit of any one depositor^therein at any one time, and which provide, upon the attainment of such maximum amount, for the transfer of the same to an account opened in the depositor’s own name in the Savings Bank where the deposit account of such penny savings bank is kept;

The expressionInspection Committee" means the Inspection Committee of Trustee Savings Banks established under section two of the Savings Banks Act, 1891;

The expression "separate surplus fund" means the fund created pursuant to section twenty-nine of the Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1863;

The expression "special investments" means investments made in |.ursuaoc3 of section sixteen of the Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1863.

14. This Act shall extend to the Channel Islands and the Isle Extension to

of Man, and the Royal Courts of the Channel Islands shall register

the same. Isle of Man.

15. The enactments mentioned in the schedule to this Act are Repeal-hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that scheuule.

[Short title.]

16. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Savings Banks Act, 1904.

(2) This Act, so far as it relates to the Post Office Savings Bank, may be cited with the Post Office Swings Bank Acts,

1861 to 1893, and, so far as it relates to Trustee Savings Banks,

may be cited with the Trustee Savings Banks Acts, 1863 to 1893,

and the last-mentioned Acts shall include, and shall be deemed to

have included, so much «»f the Post Office Savings Bank Act, 1863, 26 & 27 Vict.

and of the Savings Banks Act, 1880, as relates to Trustee Savings 4344 vict

Banks. c. 36.

B

18

Ch. 8, 9.

Savings Banks 1904.

4 Edw. 7.

Section 15.

SCHEDULE. Enactments Repealed.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Extent of Repeal.

24 Vict. c. 14. The Post Office Savings Bank Act, 1861. Section nine, from " and a balance sheet" to the end of the section.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 26. The Savings Bank Investment Act, 1863. Sections six and seven.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 87. The Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1863. Section sixty, from " and thirdly " to " from the funds of friendly societies."

37 & 38 Vict. c. 73. The Post Office Savings Banks Act, 1874. Section three, from " and the balance sheet" to the end of the section.

43 & 44 Vict c. 36. The Savings Banks Act, 1880. Section one, from " in every balance sheet" to "valued at par.

44 & 46 Vict. c. 55. The National Debt Act, 1881. Section five, as from the twenty-first day of November nineteen hundred and three.

54 & 65 Vict. c. 21. The Savings Banks Act, 189]. Section fourteen.

56 & 57 Vict c. 69. The Savings Bank Act, 1893. Section three.

Register of clubs to be kept.

CHAPTER 9.

An Act to provide for the Registration of Clubs in Ireland, and for other purposes connected therewith.

[15th August 1904.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) From and after the commencement of this Act a register shall be kept by every petty sessions clerk (hereinafter called " the registrar "), in which he. shall enter the name of each club situate within his district to which a certificate of registration is granted under the provisions of this Act, which register shall be in a form prescribed by the Lord Lieutenant, and shall show the date of such certificate, whether such certificate is granted for the first

1904.

Ch. 9.

19

Registration of Clubs (Ireland) Act, 1904.

time or on renewal, the address of the premises to which the certificate is applicable, and the names and addresses of the officials and the committee of management or governing body of the club, and whether the club is tenant or the proprietor and occupier of the said premises. The register and copy of the rules lodged with the registrar shall at all reasonable hours be open to inspection without fee, in the Dublin Metropolitan Police district by a superintendent of the Dublin Metropolitan Police or any constable authorised by him in writing, and elsewhere in Ireland by a district inspector of the Royal Irish Constabulary or any constable so authorised by him, or in any place by any officer of the Inland Revenue, and in any place by any person on payment of a fee of one shilling.

(2) The registration of a club under this Act shall not constitute the club licensed premises or authorise any sale of exciseable liquors therein which would otherwise be illegal.

2. — (1) The secretary of any club desiring a certificate of Application for registration shall lodge with the registrar for the petty sessions registration, district in which the club is situate an application signed by the chairman or secretary of the club, stating the name and object of

the club and the address of the premises occupied by the club, and shall publish the notice of such application once in a daily newspaper circulating in the locality. Such application shall be accompanied by two copies of the rules of the club, by a list containing the names and addresses of the officials and committee of management or governing body and the names of the members and by a certificate in or as nearly as may be in the form set out in the First Schedule annexed hereto, which certificate shall be signed where the premises are situate within the county borough of Dublin by two justices of the peace for the said county borough, and where the premises are situate in any part of the Dublin Metropolitan Police District which is not comprised in the county borough of Dublin by two justices of the peace for the county of Dublin, and where the premises are situate elsewhere in Ireland by two justices of the peace sitting in petty sessions for the district within which such premises are situate, and shall also, where such premises are not owned by the club, be signed by the owner of such premises, or, where the owner is under any legal disability, by his legal representative.

(2) The secretary of any club desiring a renewal of the certificate shall, at a date not later than twenty-one days prior to its expiry, make application to the registrar for such renewal in the same manner and subject to the same incidents and publication as in the case of an original application for registration.

(3) Every club applying either for an original certificate or for a. renewal shall, as a condition of registration, make payment to the registrar of a fee of five shillings.

3. — (1) The registrar shall forthwith give notice of such Grant and re-application, where the club is situate in the Dublin Metropolitan

Police District, to a superintendent of police of that District, and, tration.° where the club is situate elsewhere in Ireland, to the district inspector of the Royal Irish Constabulary, and, if no objections

Ch. 9. Registration of Clubs (Act, 1904. 4 Edw. 7

2d

are taken as hereinafter provided, the court shall, if satisfied that the application has been duly made as aforesaid and that ther rules of the club are in conformity with the provisions of this Act, grant the application.

(2) It shall be competent for such superintendent of police or district inspector of the Royal Irish Constabulary, on receiving such notice, and for any person resident in the parish in which the club premises are situate, to lodge objections to the grant or renewal of the certificate on any of the grounds of objection specified in this Act. Such objections shall be lodged by the objectors with the registrar within ten days of the receipt or publication of the notice of application, and at the same time a copy of the objections shall be sent by them to the secretary of the club applying for the grant or renewal of a certificate.

(3) The court shall, as soon as may be, hear parties upon the application and objections, and may order such inquiry as it thinks fit, and thereafter shall grant or refuse the application. Upon the grant of any such application the court shall cause the entries required by this Act to be made in the register, and thereupon the registrar shall issue to the applicant, in or as nearly as may be in the form set out in the Second Schedule annexed hereto, a certificate of registration. Such certificate so issued shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, remain in force for a period of twelve months from the date of issue.

(4) The court shall have power to order costs and expenses to be paid by the unsuccessful party, where objection has been taken to the granting or renewal of a certificate, in like manner as in any case of summary jurisdiction where an order is made for payment of money not being in the nature of a penalty for an offence.

(5) Notwithstanding the provisions of this Act as to the duration of a certificate, where a renewal has been applied for, the current certificate shall remain in force pending the final decision of the court, but not exceeding three months, unless the court shall in its discretion extend such time to a further period not exceeding three months.

(6) A club failing to make application for renewal of a certificate, by the date at or previous to which such application must in terms of this Act be made, shall not be granted such renewal unless the court is satisfied that such failure was due to inadvertence.

(7) A club may make application for a certificate of registration at anytime after the first day of November one thousand nine hundred and four and before the commencement of this Act, and no club which has made such application shall be deemed to be an unregistered club pending the final decision of the court on such application, and any application so made shall for the purposes of this section be deemed to have been made on the first day of January one thousand nine hundred and five.

Club rules 4. In order that any club may be eligible to be registered, the-

qualifying for rules of the club shall provide — registration.

(a) That the business and affairs of the club shall be under the management of a committee or governing body elected

1904. Registration of Clubs (Ireland) Act, 1904. Ch, 9.

for not less than a year by the general body of members And subject in whole or in a specified proportion to Annual re-election, and that no member of the committee or governing body, and no manager or servant employed in the club, shall have any personal interest in the sale of exciseable liquors therein, or in the profits arising from such sale:

(b) That the committee or governing body shall hold periodical meetings:

(c) That the names and addresses of persons proposed as

v ordinary members of the club shall be displayed on a conspicuous place in the club premises for at least a week before their election, and that an interval of not less than two weeks shall elapse between nomination and election of ordinary members:

(d) That all members shall be elected by the whole body of members or by the committee or governing body, with or without specially added members:

(e) That there shall be a defined subscription payable by members in advance:

(f) That correct accounts and books shall be kept showing the financial affairs and receipts and disbursements of the club:

(g) That a visitor shall not be supplied with exciseable liquor

in the club premises unless on the invitation and in the company of a member, and that the member shall, upon the admission of such visitor to the club premises, or immediately upon his being supplied with such liquor, enter his own name and the name and address of the visitor in a book which shall be kept for the purpose and which shall show the date of each visit:

(h) That no exciseable liquors shall be sold or supplied for

consumption outside the premises of the club, except to members of the club, between the hours of eight o’clock in the morning and ten o’clock at night:

(i) That no persons shall be allowed to become honorary or

temporary members of the club or be relieved of the payment of the regular entrance fee or subscription, except those possessing certain qualifications defined in the rules, and subject to conditions and regulations prescribed therein:

(j) That no person under eighteen years of age shall be

admitted a member of the dub, unless the club is one primarily devoted to some athletic purpose, and, in the latter case, that no exciseable liquors shall be sold or supplied to auy person under eighteen years of age:

Provided always that this section shall not apply to any lodge of Freemasons duly constituted under a charter or warrant from the Grfind Lodge of Ireland.

2 Ch. 9. Registration of Clubs (Ireland) Act, 190k w 4 Edw. 7.

Competent 5. The court shall not consider any objection to the grant or

jectio^to°re^ris- renewal of a certificate unless it is taken upon one or more of the tration. P" following grounds

---

(a) The character of the chairman or secretary or of any official or member of the committee of management governing body; or

(b) The suitability of the premises; or

(c) That the application made by the club, or its rules, or any of them, are in any respect specified in such objection not in conformity with the provisions of this Act; or

(d) That the club has ceased to exist, or that the number of members is less than twenty-five; or

(e) That it is not conducted in good faith as a club, or that it is kept or habitually used for any unlawful purpose, or mainly for the supply of exciseable liquor; or

(f) That there is frequent drunkenness on the club premises, or that persons in a state of intoxication are frequently seen to leave the club premises, or that the club is conducted in a disorderly manner; or

(g) That illegal sales of exciseable liquor have taken place on the club premises; or

(h) That persons who are not members are habitually admitted to the club merely for the purpose of obtaining exciseable liquor; or

(i) That the club occupies premises in respect of which, within twelve months next preceding the formation of the club, a licence for the sale of exciseable liquors has been forfeited, or a certificate under the Licensing (Ireland) Acts, 1833 to 1900, in respect of the renewal of any such licence has been refused, or in respect of which an order has been made that they shall not be used for the purposes of a club; or

(j) That the supply of exciseable liquor to the club is not under the control of the members or the committee appointed by the members; or

(k) That any of the rules of the club are habitually broken; or

---

(I) That the rules have been so changed as not to be in conformity with the provisions of the immediately preceding section of this Act.

Search warrant 6. — (1) If a justice of the; peace of any county or borough

to enter club. or divisional justice of the Dublin Metropolitan Police District is satisfied by information on oath that there is reasonable ground for supposing that any registered club is so managed or carried on as to constitute a ground of objection to the renewal of its certificate in terms of the immediately preceding section, or that an offence under this Act has been or is being committed in any registered club, or that any exciseable liquor is sold or supplied, or kept for sale or supply, on the premises of an unregistered club, he may grant a search warrant to any constable or constables named therein.

1904.

Registration of Clubs (Ireland) , 1904.] Ch. 9.

23

(2) A search warrant granted under this section shall authorise the constable or constables named therein to enter the club at any time, if need be by force, and to inspect the premises of the club, to take the names and addresses of any persons found therein and to seize any books and papers relating to the business of the club.

(3) In the event of any person or persons found in said premises refusing to give their respective names and addresses, when requested by any such constable, or giving false names or addresses, such person or persons so doing shall be liable severally on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

7. — (1) If any exciseable liquor is sold or supplied to any member or other person on the premises of an unregistered club, every person supplying or selling such liquor, every person who shall pay for such liquor and every person authorising the supply or sale of such liquor shall be liable, on summary conviction, to imprisonment with or without hard labour for a term not exceeding one month, or to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, or to both.

(2) If any exciseable liquor is kept for supply or sale on the premises of an unregistered club, the same, and the vessels containing the same, may be seized by the police under a warrant from a justice of the peace or divisional justice of the Dublin Metropolitan Police District, granted after examination on oath of a credible witness to the fact that such liquor is so kept, and every officer and member of the club shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding for a first offence seven pounds, for a second offence fifteen pounds and for a third or subsequent offence thirty pounds, unless he proves to the satisfaction of the court that such liquor was so kept without his knowledge or against his consent, and on such conviction such liquor and the vessels containing the same shall be forfeited and sold, and the proceeds thereof applied in like manner as a penal sum under the Fines Act (Ireland), 1851.

8. If any exciseable liquor is sold or supplied in a registered club for consumption outside the premises of the club, except as provided in section four, paragraph (), every person supplying or selling such liquor, every person who shall pay for such liquor and every person authorising the sale or supply of such liquor shall be liable severally, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding for a first offence seven pounds, for a second offence fifteen pounds and for a third or subsequent offence thirty pounds, unless he proves to the satisfaction of the court that such liquor was so sold or supplied without his knowledge or against his consent, and, where it is proved that such liquor has been received, delivered or distributed within the premises of the club and taken outside the premises, it shall, failing proof to the contrary, be deemed to have been so taken for consumption outside the premises.

9. — (1) On summary complaint by or at the instance of any person competent to lodge objections to the grant or renewal of a certificate of registration it shall be lawful for the court to

Penalty for supplying and keeping exciseable liquor in unregistered club.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 90.

Penalties for supplying exciseable liquor for consumption outside registered club.

Power to cancel certificate Of registration.

24 Ch. 9. Registration of Clubs (Ireland) Act, 1904. 4 Edw. 7.

Penalties for offences by officials of registered club.

Decision of court final.

make an order that, on grounds to be specified therein, a registered club is being so managed or carried on as to constitute a ground of objection to the renewal of its certificate as hereinbefore provided.

(2) Where such order has been made or where a conviction has taken place, under the provisions of the immediately preceding section, the registrar shall forthwith make an entry of the order or conviction in the register of clubs and lay the same before the court, and it shall be lawful for the court, if it thinks fit and after such further inquiry as it may think necessary, having regard to the magnitude of the offence or to the grounds specified as aforesaid, to cancel the certificate of the club for the period for which it may still have to run, provided always that it shall be competent for such club to apply for the renewal of the certificate at the date at which it would have been competent to do so hai the certificate not been cancelled.

(3) Where the court has refused an application by any club for the renewal of a certificate, or has cancelled the certificate of a club in manner provided as aforesaid, it may, if it think fit, further pronounce an order that the premises occupied by such club shall not be used for the purposes of any club which requires registration under this Act for a specified period, which may extend to twelve months in case of a first order, or in case of a second or subsequent order to five years: Provided that any such order may, for good cause shown, be subsequently cancelled or varied by the court.

10. Where an order has been made that a registered club is being so managed or carried on as to constitute a ground of objection to the renewal of its certificate, then, if the following grounds, or any of them, are specified in such order, videlicet: —

(1) That it is not conducted in good faith as a club, or that it is kept or habitually used lor any unlawful purpose, or mainly for the supply of exciseable liquor, or

(2) That there is frequent drunkenness on the club premises, or that persons in a state of intoxication are frequently seen to leave the club premises, or that the club is conducted in a disorderly manner; or

(3) That persons who are not members are habitually admitted to the club merely for the purpose of obtaining exciseable liquor;

every person entered in the register of clubs as an official or a member of the committee of management or governing body of the club shall, unless he satisfies the court that the club was so managed or carried on without his knowledge or against his consent, be liable, on summary conviction, to a penalty not exceeding for a first offence seven pounds, for a second offence, whether in connexion with the same or another club, fifteen pounds and for a third or subsequent offence as aforesaid thirty pounds.

11. — (1) The decision of the court in dealing with an application for an original certificate, or for the renewal of a certificate.

1904.

Registration of Clubs (Ireland) Act, 1904. Ch. 9.

, 25

or in cancelling a certificate, shall be subject to appeal in manner provided by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts, as if it was an order subject to appeal under those Acts.

(2) A justice shall not adjudicate on the hearing of any application or complaint affecting a club of which he is a member.

(3) If on a summary complaint being made in respect of a club the court grants a summons, the summons shall be served on the secretary and on such other person, if any, as the court may direct.

(4) The certificate under section two of this Act shall not be signed by a divisional justice of the Dublin Metropolitan Police District, and any justice having signed any such certificate shall not adjudicate on the hearing of an application under section three of this Act.

12. If the secretary of any club or any other person knowingly lodges with the registrar an application for registration which is false in any material particular, he shall be liable, on summary conviction, to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for a term not exceeding three months, or to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, or to both.

13. For the purposes of this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions shall have the meanings hereinafter assigned to them, namely —

" Certificate " shall mean a certificate of registration:

" Registered club " shall mean a club holding a certificate of registration in force at the time:

" Secretary " shall include any officer of a club or other person performing the duties of a secretary:

" Court " shall mean court of summary jurisdiction, but in any part of Ireland other than the Dublin Metropolitan Police District the court shall, for the purposes of this Act, be constituted of two or more justices of the peace sitting in petty sessions for the district in which the premises are situate:

"Clerk of petty sessions" shall include in the case of the Dublin Metropolitan Police District the principal clerk at each police court.

14. This Act shall apply to Ireland only and may be cited as the Registration of Clubs (Ireland) Act, 1904, and shall come into operation on the first day of January one thousand nine hundred and five.

Penalty for making false application.

Definitions.

Short title, application and commencement.

26

Ch. 9, 10. Registration of Clubs () Act, 1904. 4 Edw. 7.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Section 2. FORM OF CERTIFICATE TO ACCOMPANY APPLICATION BY CLUB

for Registration or Renewal.

We, Justices of the Peace for the County [or County Borough] of

and I, owner of the premises occupied [or to be

occupied] by the club hereinafter mentioned, hereby certify that to the best of our knowledge and belief the club designated in the

accompanying application is to be [or, in the case of an application by an existing club, has been and is to be] conducted as a bon& fide club, and not mainly for the supply of exciseable liquor.

[Signature, date and address of each person certifying to be here

inserted.]

Section 8.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Form of Certificate of Registration of Clubs to be granted under this Act.

Certificate of Registration.

I,

Registrar of Clubs, hereby certify that the Bill in regig- Club, of*, is registered under the

tered postal ad- Registration of Clubs (Ireland) Act, 1904. This certificate remains in v*6" ^orce till the day of, 19; application

the dab *or its renewal must be made not later than the day of y

19 . r

Given under my hand this day of 19 .

Registrar of.

CHAPTER 10.

An Act to extend the provisions of the Wild Birds Protection Acts to the Island of St. Kilda, excepting as regards certain Birds required for the support of the Inhabitants of the Island.

[15th August 1904.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Extension of 1. So much of section nine of the Wild Birds Protection Act, 48 & 44 Vict. 1880, as provides that the operation of that Act shall not extend of St! KiIda>Pd Island of St. Kilda is hereby repealed. Provided that the

schedule to the said Act of 1880 shall in the application of the Act to the Island of St. Kilda be read and construed as if the

1904.

27

Wild Birds Protection (St. Kilda) Ch. 10, 11, 12.

Act, 1904.

words fork-tailed petrel and St. Kilda’s wren were inserted therein, and as if the words fulmar, gannet, guillemot, puffin and razorbill were deleted therefrom.

2. This Act may be cited as the Wild Birds Protection short title andj (St. Kilda) Act, 1904, and shall be construed with the Wild Birds construction. Protection Acts, 1880 to 1904.

CHAPTER 11.

An Act to extend the privileges of the Graduates of the University of Liverpool.

[15th August 1904.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Wherever any office is or shall be open to graduates of Extension of the Universities of Oxford, Cambridge and London and of the of

Victoria University of Manchester, or wherever any privilege or Eve^ool ° exemption has been or shall be given by any Act of Parliament or University, regulation of any public authority to graduates of the Universities of Oxford, Cambridge and London and the Victoria University of Manchester, graduates of the University of Liverpool, having the degree which would be a qualification if it had been granted by the University of Oxford, Cambridge or London or the Victoria University of Manchester, may become candidates for and may hold any such office and shall be entitled to all such privileges as fully as graduates of any of the last-mentioned universities.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the University of Liverpool Act, 1904.

CHAPTER 12.

An Act to extend the privileges of the Graduates of the University of Leeds.

[15th August 1904.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Wherever any office is or shall be open to graduates of the Extension of Universities of Oxford, Cambridge and London and of the Victoria privileges of University of Manchester, or wherever any privilege or exemption *

has been or shall be given by any Act of Parliament or regulation versity. of any public authority to graduates of the Universities of Oxford,

Leeds University Act, 1904. 4 Edw. 7.

’ 28 % *

Ch. 12, 13.

Cambridge and London and the Victoria University of Manchester, graduates of the University of Leeds, having the degree which would be a qualification if it had been granted by the University of Oxford, Cambridge or London or the Victoria University of Manchester, may become candidates for and may hold any such office and shall be entitled to all such privileges as fully as graduates of any of the last-mentioned universities.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Leeds University Act, 1904.

CHAPTER 13.

An Act to provide for the Adjustment, in accordance with changes of boundary effected under the London Government Act, 1899, of the Areas within which Local Authorities and Companies are authorised to supply Electricity.

[15th August 1904.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make the boundaries of the areas within which the council of any metropolitan borough in London is authorised to supply electricity coterminous, as far as may be, with the boundaries of the borough, and for that purpose to affect in certain cases the boundaries of the areas of supply of companies authorised to supply electricity:

And whereas it is expedient to provide for agreements being made as between companies authorised to supply electricity for the purpose of making their areas of supply coterminous, as far as may be, with the areas of the metropolitan boroughs:

And whereas the objects of this Act cannot be obtained without the authority of Parliament:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Adjustment of L Where by reason of any alteration of boundary under the area of supply London Government Act, 1899, any area, being part of the area of rity. aUth°~ supply of the council of a metropolitan borough, has become situate 62 & 63 Vict outside the borough, |hat area shall (except as provided by this c. 14. Act), as from the date of the passing of this Act, be transferred

to and become part of the area of supply of the council of the borough in which the transferred area has become situated, if that council are authorised to supply electricity within the borough, or, if that council are not so authorised, of any company so authorised, but only if the area of supply of that council or company adjoins the transferred area.

Adjustment of 2. Where by reason of any alteration of boundary under the area of supply London Government Act, 1899, any area, being part of the area compete?, &c. of supply of a company authorised to supply electricity, or being and local autho- an area in which no authority or company are authorised to rities. supply electricity, has become situate within a borough in which.

1904.

London Electric Lighting Areas Act, 1904. Ch. 13.

29

the council of the borough are authorised to supply electricity, that area shall (except as provided by this Act), as from the date of the passing of this Act, be transferred to and become part of the area of supply of the council of the borough, ' but only if the area of supply of that council adjoins the transferred area.

Provided that this section shall not apply in the case of an area being part of the area of supply of a company —

(a)where the area consists of or comprises a whole parish or . the greater part of a parish; or,

(b)where the company are authorised to supply within the borough in which the area has become situate, at any point adjoining the area.

3. The foregoing provisions of this Act as to the transfer of parts of areas of supply shall not apply in the case of any part of an area of supply in which mains (other than mains along a boundary road) or other works suitable to and used for the supply of electricity have been laid down or executed before the first day of January nineteen hundred and four.

4. — (1) The Board of Trade may, if they think it expedient, confirm —

(a) any agreement for the transfer of any part of an area of

supply of one company to an area of supply of another company (whether for all purposes or for the purpose of the public lighting of streets only), made with a view of making the boundaries of the areas of supply of the companies coterminous with the boundaries of metropolitan boroughs; and

(b) any agreement between companies for the supply by one

of those companies of electricity for the public lighting of the whole of any street which forms a boundary between the areas of supply of those companies, if the agreement is made with the concurrence of the authority who have the management of the street for lighting purposes; and

(c) any agreement for the transfer of an area which would have

been transferred under this Act if mains or other works suitable to and used for the supply of electricity had not been laid down or executed therein before the first day of January nineteen hundred and four; and

(d) any other agreement for the transfer of an area for the

purpose of furthering the objects of this Act;

and any council or company shall have power to make agreements for the purpose and to do all things necessary for carrying out the transfer.

(2) Any transfer under an agreement so confirmed shall have effect as if it had been made by this Act.

5. As from the date on which the transfer of an area under this Act takes effect, any council or company to whom any area is transferred shall, in relation to the transferred area, have the same powers, duties and obligations with respect to the supply of electricity as they have in relation to the rest of the area of supply.

Exception where works have been executed.

Confirmation of agreements.

Effect of transfer.

30

Ch. 13. London Electric Lighting Areas Act, 1904. 4 Edw. 7.

Postponement of transfer and other powers of Board of Trade.

Obligations as to streets in outside area.

62 & 63 Vict c. 19.

Supply of maps of altered areas.

Determination of questions by Board of Trade.

of which the transferred area becomes part, and the powers, duties and obligations of the council or company (if auy) from whom the area is transferred in relation to the supply of electricity within the transferred area shall cease without prejudice to anything done or suffered before the date on which the transfer takes effect.

6. — (1) Where the Board of Trade, on the application made to them before the thirty-first day of December nineteen hundred and five of any person appearing to them to be interested, are of opinion that, by reason of the inability of any council or.company to whom any transfer of an area is made under this Act to give a proper supply of electricity within the area, or for any other cause, the postponement of any transfer made by this Act is expedient, they may order that the transfer effected by this Act shall be postponed either as to the whole or any part of the area to be transferred until a date fixed by them for the operation thereof, and the transfer shall be postponed accordingly.

(2) Where the effect of any transfer made by this Act is to separate any works of a council or company authorised to supply electricity from their area of supply, or where the Board of Trade are satisfied that it is convenient that any mains used for the purpose of supply within the area of supply of a council or company should continue to be laid in a transferred area, the Board may, on an application for a postponement of the transfer, or an application made for the special purpose, order that the council or company shall continue to have, notwithstanding the transfer, the same power of breaking up any street, railway or tramway mentioned in the order as they had before the transfer, and the council or company shall have those powers accordingly, subject to any conditions or provisions which apply to the exercise of those powers.

7. Where the council of any metropolitan borough continue to have power to supply electricity or to break up streets in an area outside their borough, the council of the borough in which the outside area is situate shall be in the same position with respect to the council having those powers in the area as they would be in if the last-mentioned council were a company supplying electricity in the area under a Provisional Order with which the provisions contained in the schedule to the Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899, were incorporated.

8. Any council or company whose area of supply is altered by any transfer under this Act shall, within two months after the date on which the alteration takes effect, supply to the Board of Trade, to the London County Council and to the council of any metropolitan borough, within which any part of the area of supply is situated, a map of the altered area on such scale and certified in such manner as the Board direct.

9. If any question arises under this Act as to whether any area is transferred by this Act, or as to the area of supply to which it is transferred, or to the supply of electricity in any area transferred under this Act, that question shall be referred to and determined by the Board of Trade.

1904. London Electric Lighting Areas Act, 1904. Ch. 13, 14. 31

10. The provisions of this Act shall apply in the case of Provision any alteration under the London Government Act, 1899, of the ^es of boundaries of the administrative county of London in the same county are manner as it applies in the case of any alteration of area under altered, the London Government Act, 1899, which takes effect solely within

that county, with the substitution where necessary of the district or borough council for the council of a metropolitan borough and of the district or borough for the metropolitan borough, as the case may require. '

11. Nothing in this Act shall affect any order made under Saving for section one hundred and forty of the Metropolis Management

Act, 1855 (which relates to the management of streets in different \ 120 g parishes), or the provisions of any scheme made under the London Government Act, 1899.

12. — (1) Anything required or authorised to be done under Proceedings of this Act by the Board of Trade may be done by the President or a Board of Trade, secretary or assistant secretary of the Board.

(2) All documents purporting to be orders under this Act made by the Board of Trade and to be sealed with the seal of the Board, or to be signed by a secretary or assistant secretary of the Board, or by any person authorised in that behalf by the President of the Board, shall be received in evidence and shall be deemed to be such orders without further proof, unless the contrary is shown.

(3) A certificate, signed by the President of the Board of Trade, that any order made or act done under this Act is the order or act of the Board shall be conclusive evidence of the fact so certified.

13. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, — Interpretation. The expression "authorised" means authorised on the first

day of January nineteen hundred and four by Act of Parliament or by a Provisional Order confirmed by an Act of Parliament; and The expression "area of supply" means the area within which any council or company are authorised to supply electricity; and The expression "electricity" has the same meaning as in

the Electric Lighting Act, 1882. 45fi* 46 vict-

---

[Short title.]

14. This Act may be cited as the London Electric Lighting Areas Act, 1904.

CHAPTER 14.

An Act to amend the Post Office Acts with respect to cumulative commissions on Money Orders and the use of embossed and impressed stamps.

[15th August 1904.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

---

32

G

Abolition of cumulative commissions on money orders.

43 & 44 Vict. c. 33.

Use of embossed stamps.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 79.

[Short title.]

Punishment for cruelty to children.

Ch. 14, 15. Post Office Act, 1904. 4 Edw. 7.

1. The commission payable in respect of a money order issued under the Post Office (Money Orders) Act, 1880, as amended by any subsequent Act, and presented for payment at any time after the expiration of three months from the last day of the month of issue, shall in all cases be an amount equal to that of the original poundage, and accordingly proviso (3) to section one of the Post Office (Money Orders) Act, 1880, shall be repealed from "with the addition " to the end of the proviso.

2. The Treasury may by warrant under the Post Office Acts, 1837 to 1903, regulate the use, by way of prepayment of postage, of embossed or impressed stamps cut out or otherwise separated from the cover or other paper, card, or thing on which the stamp was embossed or impressed, and section nineteen of the Post Office Act, 1870, which prohibits such use of such stamps, shall be repealed

3. This Act may be cited as the Post Office Act, 1904, and may be cited with the Post Office Acts, 1837 to 1903, and so far as it relates to money orders may also be cited with the Post Office (Money Orders) Acts, 1848 to 1903.

CHAPTER 15.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Prevention of Cruelty to Children.

[15th August 1904.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Cruelty to Children.

1. — (1) If any person over the age of sixteen years, who has the custody, charge or care of any child under the age of sixteen years, wilfully assaults, ill-treats, neglects, abandons or exposes such child, or causes or procures such child to be assaulted, ill-treated, neglected, abandoned or exposed in a manner likely to cause such child unnecessary suffering or injury to its health (including injury to or loss of sight or hearing or limb or organ of the body and any mental derangement), that person shall be guilty of a misdemeanor: and

(a) on conviction on indictment, shall be liable, at the discretion of the court, to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, or alternatively, or in default of payment of such fine, or in addition thereto, to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for any term not exceeding two years; and (6) on summary conviction, shall be liable, at the discretion of the court, to a fine not exceeding twenty-five pounds, or alternatively, or in default of payment of such fine, or in addition thereto, to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for any term not exceeding six months.

1904.

Prevention of Cruelty to Children Act, 1904. Ch. 15.

3 '

(2) A person may be convicted of an offence under this section, either on indictment or by a court of summary jurisdiction^ notwithstanding the death of the child in respect of whom the offence is committed.

(3) Upon the trial of any person over the age of sixteen indicted for the manslaughter of a child under the age of sixteen, of which he has had the custody, charge or care, it shall be lawful for the jury, if they are satisfied that the accused has been guilty of an offence under this section in respect of such child, to find the accused guilty of such offence.

(4) If it is proved that a person indicted under this section was directly or indirectly interested in any sum of money accruable or payable in the event of the death of the child, and had knowledge that such sum of money was accruing or becoming payable, the court, in its discretion, may —

(a) increase the amount of the fine under this section so that

the fine does not exceed two hundred pounds; or

(5) in lieu of awarding any other penalty under this section,

sentence the person indicted to penal servitude for any term not exceeding five years.

(5) A person shall be deemed to be directly or indirectly interested in a sum of money under this section if he has any share in or any benefit from the payment of that money, though he is not a person to whom it is legally payable.

(b) A copy of a policy of insurance, certified by an officer or agent of the insurance company granting the policy to be a true copy, shall, in any proceedings under this Act, be prima facie evidence that the child therein stated to be insured has been in fact so insured, and that the person in whose favour the said policy has been granted irf the person to whom the money thereby insured is legally payable.

(7) An offence under this section is in this Act referred to as an offence of cruelty.

Restrictions on Employment of Children.

2. If any person —

(a) causes or procures any child, being a boy under the age of fourteen years, or being a girl under the age of sixteen years, or, having the custody, charge or care of any such child, allows that child to be in any street, premises or place for the purpose of begging or receiving alms, or of inducing the giving of alms, whether under the pretence of singing, playing, performing, offering anything for sale, or otherwise; or

(b) causes or procures any child, being a boy under the age of fourteen years, or being a girl under the age of sixteen years, or, having the custody, charge or care of any such child, allows that child to be in any street or in any premises licensed for the sale of

C

Restrictions on employment of children.

Ch. 15. Prevention of Cruelty to Children Edw. 7.

Act, 1904.

« any intoxicating liquor, other than premises licensed

according to law for public entertainments, for the purpose of singing, playing or performing, or being exhibited for profit, or offering anything for sale, between nine p.m. and six a.m.; or

(c) causes or procures any child under the age of eleven

years, or, having the custody, charge or care of any such child, allows that child to be at any time in any street, or in any premises licensed for the sale of any intoxicating liquor, or in premises licensed according to law for public entertainments, or in any circus or other place of public amusement to which the public . are admitted by payment, for the purpose of singing, playing or performing, or being exhibited for profit, or offering anything for sale; or

(d) causes or procures any child under the age of sixteen

years, or, having the custody, charge or care of any such child, allows that child to be in any place for the purpose of being trained as an acrobat, contortionist or circus performer, or of being trained for any exhibition or performance which in its nature is dangerous,

that person shall, on summary conviction, be liable, at the discretion of the court, to a fine not exceeding twenty-five pounds, or alternatively, or in default of payment of such fine, or in addition thereto, to imprisonment, with or without bard labour, for any term not exceeding three months:

Provided that —

(i) This section shall not apply in the case of any occasional

sale or entertainment the net proceeds of which are wholly applied for the benefit of any school or to any charitable object, if such sale or entertainment is held elsewhere than in premises which are licensed for the sale of any intoxicating liquor but not licensed according to law for public entertainments, or if, in the case of a sale or entertainment held in any such premises as aforesaid, a special exemption from the provisions of this section has been granted in writing under the hands of two justices of the peace; and

(ii) Any local authority may, if they think it necessary or

desirable so to do, from time to time by byelaw extend or restrict the hours mentioned in paragraph

(6) of this section, either on every day or on any-specified day or days of the week and either as to the whole of their district or as to any specified area therein; and

(iii) Paragraphs (c) and (d) of this section shall not apply

in any case in respect of which a licence granted under this Act is in force, so far as that licence extends.

1904. Prevention of Cruelty to Children Ch. 15.

Act, 1904.

3. — (1) A petty sessional court, or in Scotland the School Board, may, notwithstanding anything in this Act or in the Employment of Children Act, 1903, or any byelaw made thereunder, grant a licence, for such time and during such hours of the day and subject to such restrictions and conditions as the court or board think fit, for any child exceeding ten years of age —

(a) to take part in any entertainment or series of entertainments to take place in premises licensed according to law for public entertainments, or in any circus or other place of public amusement as aforesaid; or

(b) to be trained as aforesaid; or

(c) for both purposes;

if satisfied of the fitness of the child for the purpose, and if it is shown to their satisfaction that proper provision has been made to secure the health and kind treatment of the children taking part in the entertainment or series of entertainments or being trained as aforesaid, and the court or board may, upon sufficient cause, vary, add to or rescind any such licence.

Any such licence shall be sufficient protection to all persons acting under or in accordance with the same.

(2) It shall be the duty of inspectors and other officers charged with the execution of the Employment of Children Act, 1903, to see whether the restrictions and conditions of any licence under this section are duly complied with, and any such inspector or officer shall have the same power to enter, inspect and examine any place of public entertainment, at which the employment of a child is for the time being licensed under this section, as an inspector appointed under the Factory and Workshop Act, 1901, has to enter, inspect and examine a factory or workshop under section one hundred and nineteen of that Act, and that section shall apply accordingly.

(3) Where any person applies for a licence under this section, he shall, at least seven days before making the application, give notice thereof to the chief officer of police for the district in which the licence is to take effect, and that officer may appear or instruct some person to appear before the authority hearing the application, and show cause why the licence should not be granted, and the authority to whom the application is made shall not grant the same unless they are satisfied that notice has been properly so given.

(4) Where a licence is granted under this section to any person, that person shall forthwith cause a copy thereof to be sent to the local authority for the district in which the licence is to take effect, and if he fails to cause such copy to be sent shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(5) Nothing in this or in the last preceding section shall affect the provisions of the Elementary Education Act, 1876, or the Education (Scotland) Act, 1878, as amended by any later enactment.

35

Licences for employment of children.

3 Edw. 7. c 45.

1 Edw. 7. c. 22.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 79.

41 & 42 Vict,

c. 78.

36

Ch. 15.

Prevention of Cruelty to Children Act, 1904. 4 Edw. 7.

Power to take offenders into custody.

Detention of child in place of safety.

Arrest of Offender and Provision for Safely of Children.

4. — (1) Any constable may take into custody, without warrant, any person —

(a) who within view of such constable commits an offence under this Act, or any of the offences mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act, where the name and residence of such person are unknown to such constable and cannot be ascertained by such constable; or

(b) who has committed, or who he has reason to believe has committed, any offence of cruelty within the meaning of this Act, or any of the offences mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act, if he has reasonable ground for believing that such person will abscond, or if the name and address of such person are unknown to and cannot be ascertained by the constable.

(2) Where a constable arrests any person without warrant in pursuance of this section, the inspector or constable in charge of the station to which such person is conveyed shall, unless in his belief the release of such person on bail would tend to defeat the ends of justice, or to cause injury or danger to the child against whom the offence is alleged to have been committed, release the person arrested on his entering into such a recognizance, with or without sureties, as may in his judgment be required to secure the attendance of such person upon the hearing of the charge.

5. — (1) A constable, or any person authorised by a justice of the peace, may take to a place of safety any child in respect of whom an offence under paragraph (a) of section two of this Act has been committed, or in respect of whom an offence of cruelty within the meaning of this Act, or any of the offences mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act, has been, or there is reason to believe has been, committed.

(2) A child so taken to a place of safety, and also any child under the age of sixteen years who seeks refuge in a place of safety, may there be detained until it can be brought before a court of summary jurisdiction, and that court may make such order as is mentioned in the next following subsection, or may cause the child to be dealt with as circumstances may admit and require, until the charge made against any person in respect of any offence as aforesaid with regard to the child has been determined by the conviction or discharge of such person.

(3) Where it appears to a court of summary jurisdiction or any justice that an offence of cruelty within the meaning of this Act, or any of the offences mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act, has been committed in the case of any child that is brought before such court or justice, and that it is expedient in the interests of the child that an order should be made under this subsection, the court or justice may, without prejudice to any other power under this Act, make such order as circumstances require for the care and detention of the child, until a reasonable time has elapsed for a charge to be made against some person for having committed the offence, and, if a charge is made against any person within

1904. Prevention of Cruelty to Children Act, 1904. Ch. 15. 37

that time, until the charge lies been determined by the conviction or discharge of that person, and in case of conviction for such further time not exceeding twenty-one days as the court may direct, and any such order may be carried out notwithstanding that any person claims the custody of the child.

(4) Boards of guardians and, in Scotland, parish councils shall provide for the reception of children brought to a workhouse in pursuance of this Act, and, where the place of safety to which a constable or any person authorised by a justice of the peace takes a child is a workhouse, the master shall receive the child into the workhouse if there is suitable accommodation therein for the same, and shall detain the child until the case is determined, and any expenses incurred in respect of the child shall be deemed to be expenses incurred in the relief of the poor.

6. — (1) Where a person having the custody, charge or care Disposal of of a child under the age of sixteen years has been — of court0rd*r

(a) convicted of committing in respect of such child an offence of cruelty within the meaning of this Act, or any of the offences mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act; or (b)committed for trial for any such offence; or (c) bound over to keep the peace towards such child, by any court, that court, either at the time when the person is so convicted, committed for trial or bound over, and without requiring any new proceedings to te instituted for the purpose, or at any other time, and also any petty sessional court before which any person may bring the case, may, if satisfied on inquiry that it is expedient so to deal with the child, order that the child be taken out of the custody, charge or care of the person so convicted, committed for trial or bound over, and be committed to the custody of a relation of the child, or some other fit person, including any society or body corporate established for the reception of poor children or the prevention of cruelty to children, named by the court (such relation or other person being willing to undertake such custody), until it attains the age of sixteen years, or for any shorter period, and may of its own motion, or on the application of any person, from time to time by order renew, vary and revoke any such order; but no order shall be made under this section unless a parent of the child has been convicted of or committed for trial for the offence, or is under committal for trial for having been, or has been proved to the satisfaction of the court making the order to have been, party or privy to the offence, or has been bound over to keep the peace towards such child.

(2) Every order under this section shall be in writing, and any such order may be made by the court in the absence of the child; and the consent of any person to undertake the custody of a child in pursuance of any such order shall be proved in such manner as the court may think sufficient to bind him.

(3) Where an order is made under this section in respect of a person who has been committed for trial, then, if that person is acquitted of the charge, or if the charge is dismissed for want of prosecution, the order shall forthwith be void, except with regard to anything that may have been lawfully done under it.

38 Ch. 15. Prevention of Cruelty to Children Act, 1904. 4 Edw. 7.

(4) A Secretary of State in England, and in Scotland the Secretary for Scotland, and in Ireland the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, may at any time in his discretion discharge a child from the custody of any person to whose custody it is committed in pursuance of this section, either absolutely or on such conditions as such Secretary of State, Secretary or Lord Lieutenant approves, and may, if he thinks fit, make rules in relation to children so committed to the custody of any person and to the duties of such persons with respect to such children.

(5) A Secretary of State, in any case where it appears to him to be for the benefit of a child who has been committed to the custody of any person in pursuance of this section, may empower such person to procure the emigration of the child, but, except with such authority, no person to whose custody a child is so committed shall procure its emigration.

Maintenance 7. — (1) Any person to whose custody a child is committed"

of chi!d "ken under this Act shall, whilst the order is in force, have the like custody of any control over the child as if he were its parent, and shall be

person under responsible for its maintenance, and the child shall continue in order of court, the custody of such person, notwithstanding that it is claimed by its parent.

35 & 36 Vict, e, 65.

(2) Any court having power so to commit a child shall have power to make the like orders on the parent of the child to contribute to its maintenance during such period as aforesaid as if the child were detained under the Industrial Schools Acts; but the limit on the amount of the weekly sum which the parent of a child may be required, under this section, to contribute to its maintenance shall be one pound a week, instead of the limit fixed by the Industrial Schools Acts.

(3) Any such order may be made on the complaint or application of the person to whose custody the child is for the time being committed, and either at the time when the order for the child’s committal to custody is made or subsequently, and the sums contributed by the parent shall be paid to such person as the court may name and be applied for the maintenance of the child.

(4) If a person fails to pay any sum payable by him in pursuance of any such order, he may be dealt with in like manner as if the sum were due from him in pursuance of an order under the Bastardy Law Amendment Act, 1872, or, in Scotland, were a sum decerned for aliment, or, in Ireland, were a sum ordered, to be paid by him under the Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland) Acts.

(5) Where an order under this Act to commit a child to the custody of some relation or other person is made in respect of a person who has been committed for trial for an offence, the court shall not have power to order the parent of the child to contribute to its maintenance prior to the trial of that person.

(6) Any court making an order under this section for contribution by a parent may, in any case where there is any pension or income payable to such parent and capable of being attached, after giving the person by whom the pension or income is payable an opportunity of being heard, further order that such part, as the

1904. Prevention of Cruelty to Children Act, 1904. Ch. 15. 39

court may see fit, of the pension or income be attached and be paid to the person named by the court. Such further order shall be an ' authority to the person, authority or body, by whom such pension or other income is payable, to make the payment herein stated, and the receipt of the payee shall be a good discharge to such person, authority or body.

(7) An order under this section may be made by any court before which a person is charged with an offence under this Act and without regard to the place in which the person to whom it is made payable may reside.

8. -a) In determining on the person to whose custody the Religious per-child shall be committed under this Act, the court shall endeavour ^n^o^hom^ to ascertain the religious persuasion to which the child belongs, chiid j8 COm-and shall, if possible, select a person of the same religious permitted. suasion, or a person who gives such undertaking as seems to the

court sufficient that the child shall be brought up in accordance with its own religious persuasion, and such religious persuasion shall be specified in the order.

(2) In any case where the child has been placed, pursuant to any such order, with a person who is not of the same religious persuasion as that to which the child belongs, or who has not given such undertaking as aforesaid, the court shall, on the application of any person in that behalf, and on its appearing that a fit person, who is of tire same religious persuasion, or who will give such undertaking as aforesaid, is willing to undertake the custody, make an order to secure his being placed with a person who either is of the same religious persuasion or gives such undertaking as aforesaid.

(3) Where a child has been placed with a person who gives such undertaking as aforesaid and the undertaking is not observed, the child shall be deemed to have been placed with a person not of the same religious persuasion as that to which the child- belongs, as if no such undertaking had been given.

9. — (1) Where any child un ler the age of sixteen years is Interchange of brought before a petty sessional court under circumstances autho- xndasnial^1 rising the court to deal with the child under the Industrial Schools Schools Acts Acts, the court, if it thinks fit, in lieu of ordering that the child be and this Act. sent to an industrial school, may make an order for the committal

of the child to the custody of a relation or person named by the court, and the provisions of section six of this Act shall, so far as applicable, apply as if the order were an order under that section.

(2) Where a court orders a child to be sent to an industrial school, the order may, at the discretion of the court, be made to take effect either immediately or at any later time specified therein, regard being had to the age or health of the child; and, if the order is not made to take effect immediately, or if at the time specified for the order to take effect the child is deemed unfit to be sent to an industrial school, the court may commit the child to the custody of a relation or person named by the court, as Provided by this Act, until the time so specified of the time when; the Order actually takes effect.

40

Ch. 15.

Prevention of Cruelty to Children Act, 1904. 4 Edw. 7.

Warrant to search for or remove a child.

Power as to habitual drunkards.

10. — (1) If it appears to any stipendiary magistrate or to any two justices of the peace, on information made before him or them on oath by any person who, in the opinion of the magistrate or justices, is bona fide acting in the interests of a child under the age of sixteen years, that there is reasonable cause to suspect that such a child has been or is being assaulted, ill-treated or neglected in any place within the jurisdiction of such magistrate or justices, in a manner likely to cause the child unnecessary suffering or to be injurious to its health, or that any offence mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act has been or is being committed in respect of such a child, such magistrate or justices may issue a warrant authorising any person named therein to search for such child and, if it is found to have been or to be assaulted, ill-treated or neglected in manner aforesaid, or that any such offence as aforesaid has been or is being committed in respect of the child, to take it to and detain it in a place of safety, until it can be brought before a court of summary jurisdiction, or authorising any person to remove the child with or without search to a place of safety and detain it there until it can be brought before a court of summary jurisdiction; and the court before whom the child is brought may cause it to be dealt with in the manner provided by section five of this Act:

Provided that —

(a) the powers hereinbefore conferred on any two justices may be exercised by any one justice, if upon the information it appears to him to be a case of urgency; and (b) in the case of Scotland the jurisdiction hereby conferred on a magistrate or two justices shall be exercised only by a sheriff or sheriff substitute.

(2) Any person issuing a warrant under this section may by the same warrant cause any person accused of any offence in respect of the child to be apprehended and brought before a justice and proceedings to be taken for punishing such person according to law.

(3) Any person authorised by warrant under this section to search for any child, or to remove any child with or without search, may enter (if need be by force) any house, building or other place specified in the Warrant and may remove the child therefrom.

(4) Every warrant issued under this section shall be addressed to and executed by some superintendent, inspector or other superior officer of police, who shall be accompanied by the person making the information, if such person so desire, unless the persons by whom the warrant is issued otherwise direct, and may also, if the persons by whom the v arrant is issued so direct, be accompanied by a registered medical practitioner.

(5) It shall not be necessary in any information or warrant under this section to name the child.

Power as to Habitual Drunkards.

11. Where it appears to the court by or before which any person is convicted of the offence of cruelty within the meaning of

1904. Prevention of Cruelty to Children Act, 1904. Ch. 15. 41

this Act, or of any of the offences mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act, that that person is a parent of the child in respect of whom the offence was committed, or is living with the parent of the child, and is an habitual drunkard within the meaning of the Inebriates Acts, 1879 and 1888, the court, in lieu of sentencing such person to imprisonment, may, if it thinks fit, make an order for his detention for any period named in the order, not exceeding twelve months, in a retreat under the said Acts, the licensee of which is willing to receive him, and the said order shall have the like effect, and copies thereof shall be sent to the local authority and Secretary of State in like manner, as if it were an application duly made by such person and duly attested by two justices under the said Acts; and the court may order an officer of the court or constable to remove such person to the retreat, and on his reception the said Acts shall have effect as if he had been admitted in pursuance of an application so made and attested as aforesaid:Provided that —

(a) an order for the detention of a person in a retreat shall not be made under this section unless that person, having had such notice as the court deems sufficient of the intention to allege habitual drunkenness, consents to the order being made; and

(b) if the wife or husband of such person, being present at the hearing of the charge, objects to the order being made, the court shall, before making the order, take into consideration any representation made to it by the wife or husband; and

(c) before making the order the court shall, to such extent as it may deem reasonably sufficient, be satisfied that provision will be made for defraying the expenses of such person during detention in a retreat.

Evidence and Procedure.

12. In any proceeding against any person for an offence under this Act, or for any of the offences mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act, such person shall be competent but not compellable to give evidence, and the wife or husband of such person may be requreid to attend to give evidence as an ordinary witness in the case and shall be competent but not compellable to give evidence.

13. — (1) Where a justice is satisfied by the evidence of a registered medical practitioner that the attendance before a court of any child, in respect of whom an offence of cruelty within the meaning of this Act, or any of the offences mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act, is alleged to have been committed, would involve serious danger to its life or health, the justice may take in writing the deposition of such child on oath, and shall thereupon subscribe the same and add thereto a statement of his reason for taking the same, and of the day when and place where the same was taken, and of the names of the persons (if any) present at the taking thereof.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 19.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 19.

Evidence of accused person.

Extension of power to take deposition of child.

42

Ch. 15.

Prevention of Cruelty to Children Act, 1904. 4 Edw. 7.

Admission of deposition of child in evidence.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 42.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 93.

Evidence of child of tender years.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 42.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 93.

(2) The justice taking any such deposition shall transmit the same with his statement —

(a) if the deposition relates to an offence for which any accused person is already committed for trial, to the proper officer of the court for trial at which the accused person has been committed; and

(b)in any other case to the clerk of the peace of the county or borough in which the deposition has been taken;

and the clerk of the peace to whom any such deposition is transmitted shall preserve, file and record the same.

14. Where, on the trial of any person on indictment for any offence of cruelty within the meaning of this Act, or any of the offences mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act, the court is satisfied by the evidence of a registered medical practitioner that the attendance before the court of any child in respect of whom the offence is alleged to have been committed would involve serious danger to its life or health, any deposition of the child taken under the Indictable Offences Aet, 1848, or the Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, or this Act, shall be admissible in evidence either for or against the accused person without further proof thereof —

(a) if it purports to be signed by the justice by or before whom it purports to be taken; and

(b)if it is proved that reasonable notice of the intention to

take the deposition has been served upon the person against whom it is proposed to use the same as evidence, and that that person or his counsel or solicitor had, or might have had if he had chosen to be present, an opportunity of cross-examining the child making the deposition.

15. — (1) Where, in any proceeding against any person for an offence under this Act, or for any of the offences mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act, the child in respect of whom the offence is charged to have been committed, or any other child of tender years who is tendered as a witness, does not in the opinion of the court understand the nature of an oath, the evidence of such child may be received, though not given upon oath, if, in the opinion of the court, such child is possessed of sufficient intelligence to justify the reception of the evidence and understands the duty of speaking the truth; and the evidence of such child, though not given on oath, but otherwise taken and reduced into wr with the provisions of section seventeen of the Act, 1848, or of section fourteen of the Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, or of section thirteen of this Act, shall be deemed to be a deposition within the meaning of those sections respectively:

Provided that —

(a) A person shall not be liable to be convicted of the offence unless the testimony admitted by virtue of this section and given on behalf of the prosecution is corroborated

iting in accordance Indictable Offences

1904,

Prevention of Cruelty to Children Act, 1904. Ch. 15.

43

by some other material evidence in support thereof implicating the accused; and (b) Any child whose evidence is received as aforesaid and who shall wilfully give false evidence shall be liable to be indicted and tried for such offence, and on conviction thereof may be adjudged such punishment as is provided for by section eleven of the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879, in the case of juvenile offenders, or in Ireland by section four of the Summary Jurisdiction over Children (Ireland) Act, 1884, in the case of children.

(2) This section shall not apply to Scotland.

16. Where in any proceedings with relation to an offence of cruelty within the meaning of this Act, or any of the offences mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act, the court is satisfied that the attendance before the court of any child in respect of whom the offence is alleged to have been committed is not essential to the just hearing of the case, the case may be proceeded with and determined in the absence of the child.

17. Where a person is charged with an offence under this Act, or any of the offences mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act, or any offence under the Employment of Children Act, 1903, in respect of a child who is alleged in the charge or indictment to be under any specified age, and the child appears to the court to be under that age, such child shall for the purposes of this Act and the Employment of Children Act, 1903, be deemed to be under that age, unless the contrary is proved.

18. — (1) Where a person is charged with committing an offence under this Act, or any of the offences mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act, in respect of two or more children, the same information or summons may charge the offence in respect of all or any of them, but the person charged shall not be liable to a separate penalty for each child unless upon separate informations.

(2) The same information or summons may also charge any person as having the custody, charge or care, alternatively or together, and may charge him with the offences of assault, ill-treatment, neglect, abandonment or exposure, together or separately, and may charge him with committing all or any of these offences in a manner likely to cause unnecessary suffering or injury to health, alternatively or together, but when those offences are charged together the person charged shall not be liable to a separate penalty for each.

(3) A person shall not be summarily convicted of an offence under this Act, or of an offence mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act, unless the offence was wholly or partly committed within six months before the information was laid; but, subject as aforesaid, evidence may be taken of acts constituting, or contributing to constitute, the offence and committed at any previous time.

(4) When an offence under this Act, or any offence mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act, charged against any person

42 & 43 Vict. c. 49.

47 & 48 Vict. c. 19.

Power to proceed with case in absence of child.

Presumption of age of child.

Mode of charging offences and limitation of time.

44

Ch. 15.

Prevention of Cruelty to Children Act, 1904. 4 Edw. 7.

Appeal from summary conviction to quarter sessions.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 62.

Expenses of prosecution.

Guardians may pay costs of proceedings.

Provision as to byelaws.

Provision as to parents and as to meaning of " custody, charge or care."

is a continuous offence, it shall not be necessary to specify in the information, summons or indictment the date of the acts constituting the offence.

19. When, in pursuance of this Act, any person is convicted by a court of summary jurisdiction of an offence, and such person did not plead guilty or admit the truth of the information, or when in the case of any application under sections six, seven or eight of this Act, other than an application to a judge or court of assize, any party thereto thinks himself aggrieved by any order or decision of the court, he may appeal against such a conviction, or order, or decision, in England and Ireland to a court of quarter sessions, and in Scotland to the High Court of Justiciary in manner provided by the Summary Prosecutions Appeals (Scotland) Act, 1875, or any Act amending the same.

20. — (1) Where a misdemeanor under this Act is tried on indictment, the expenses of the prosecution shall be defrayed in like manner as in the case of a felony.

(2) This section shall not apply to Scotland.

21. A board of guardians, or in Scotland the parish council of any parish or combination, may, out of the funds under their control, pay the reasonable costs and expenses of any proceedings which they have directed to be taken under this Act in regard to the assault, ill-treatment, neglect, abandonment or exposure of any child and, in the case of a union, shall charge such costs and expenses to the common fund.

Supplemental.

22. Every byelaw under this Act shall be made by the same authority and confirmed in the same way as byelaws under the Employment of Children Act, 1903, or in Scotland as byelaws under section two of the said Act.

23. — (1) The provisions of this Act relating to the parent of a child shall apply to the step-parent of the child and to any person cohabiting with the parent of the child, and the expression "parent, " when used in relation to a child, includes guardian and every person who is by law liable to maintain the child.

(2) This Act shall apply in the case of a parent who, being without means to maintain a child, fails to provide for its maintenance under the Acts relating to the relief of the poor, in like manner as if the parent had otherwise neglected the child.

(3) For the purposes of this Act —

Any person who is the parent of a child shall be presumed to have the custody of the child; and

Any person to whose charge a child is committed by its parent shall be presumed to have charge of the child; and

Any other person having actual possession or control of a child shall be presumed to have the care of the child.

1904,

Prevention of Cruelty to Children Act, 1904.

Cff. 15.

45

24. In any proceedings under this Act a copy of an entry Evidence of in the wages book of any employer of labour, or, if no wages wages of debook be kept, a written statement signed by such employer or fen ant’ by his foreman, shall be prima facie evidence that-the wages

therein entered, or stated as having been paid to any person, have in fact been so paid: Provided that such copy or statement has been signed by such employer or his foreman, and that the signature of such employer or foreman, has been witnessed by the person producing the said copy or statement.

25. Every misdemeanor under this Act shall in England and Vexation* In-

Ireland be deemed to be an offence within, and subject to, the fitments Act provisions of the Vexatious Indictment* Act, 1859, and any Act. ° amending the same. 2 23 Vict *

26. Section ten of the Poor Law Act, 1879, shall be amended Extension of so as to include in it, as one of the associations or societies to which ^on te".°tf a board of guardians may, with the consent of the Local Govern- c 54 1C' ment Board, subscribe, any association or society for the prevention

of cruelty to children.

27. The limit of time mentioned in the second proviso of Extension of

section five of the Criminal Law Amendment Act, 1885, shall tun^or pro’ be six months after the commission of the offence. 4|e& 49s Vict.

c. 69.

28. Nothing in this Act shall be construed to take away Right of

or affect the right of any parent, teacher or other person having to

the lawful control or charge of a child to administer punishment punishment, to such child.

29. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires — General defini-

The expression "local authority " has the same meaning as in the Employment of Children Act, 1903:

The expression "chief officer of police" means —

in the city of London and the liberties thereof, the commissioner of city police; in the metropolitan police district, the commissioner of police of the metropolis; elsewhere in England, the chief constable or head constable or other officer, by whatever name called, having the chief local command of the police in the police district in reference to which such expression occurs:

The expression "street " includes any highway or other public place, whether a thoroughfare or not:

The expression "place of safety " includes any place certified by the local authority under this Act for the purposes of this Act, and also includes any workhouse or police station, or any hospital surgery, or place of the like kind:

The expression "Industrial Schools Acts" means as regards

England and Scotland the Industrial Schools Act, 1866, 29 & 30 Vict. and the Acts amending the same. c. 118.

46

Application of Act to Scotland.

Application of Act to Ireland.

Expenses of local authority.

[Short title and commencement of Act.]

Ch. 15. Prevention of Cruelty to Children Edw, 7.

Act, 1904.

30. In the application of this Act to Scotland, unless the context otherwise requires —

The Secretary for Scotland shall be substituted for a Secretary of State:

The expression "local authority" means the local authority for the purposes of section two of the Employment of Children Act, 1903, as defined in subsection four of section fourteen of that Act, and the provisions of the said subsection shall apply accordingly:

The expression "chief officer of police" means the chief constable or head constable, superintendent or inspector, or other officer, by whatever name called, having the chief local command of the police in the police district in reference to which such expression occurs:

The expression "court of summary jurisdiction," the expression "petty sessional court" and the expression "justice of the peace" mean the sheriff or sheriff substitute:

The expression "misdemeanor" means crime and offence:

The expression "manslaughter" means culpable homicide:

The expression "defendant" includes panel, respondent or person charged:

The expression "enter into a resognizance with or without sureties" means grant a bond of caution:

The expression "workhouse" means poor house.

31. In the application of this Act to Ireland, unless the context otherwise requires —

The Chief Secretary shall be substituted for a Secretary of State:

The expression "local authority" means any local authority as defined by the Employment of Children Act, 1903.

32. Expenses incurred by a local authority under this Act shall be defrayed in like manner as expenses incurred under the Employment of Children Act, 1903.

33. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Prevention of Cruelty to Children Act, 1904.

(2) The enactments mentioned in the Second Schedule to this Act shall be repealed from the date of the commencement of this Act to the extent specified in the third column to that Schedule.

(3) This Act shall come into operation on the first day of October one thousand nine hundred and four.

1904.

Prevention of Cruelty to Children. Act, 1904.

CH. 15, 16.

47

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Any offence under sections twenty-seven, fifty-five or fifty-six of the Sections 4, &c. Offences against the Person Act, 1861, and any offence against a child 24 & 25 Vict, under the age of sixteen years, under sections five, forty-two, forty-three, c. loo. fifty-two or sixty-two of that Act, or section eleven of the Criminal Law 48 & 49 Vict. Amendment Act, 1885. «• 69 *

Any offence under the Dangerous Performances Acts, 1879 and 1897. 42 & 43 Vict.

Any other offence involving bodily injury to a child under the age of go3fc61 Vict sixteen years. c< 52.

SECOND SCHEDULE. Section 33.

Enactments Repealed.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. | 1 Extent of Repeal.

57 & 58 Vicfc. The Prevention of The whole Act.

c. 41. Cruelty to Children Act, 1894.

3 Edw. 7. c. 45 The Employment of In section four the subsection

Children Act, 1903. numbered (6). Section eleven.

CHAPTER 16.

An Act to enable Regulations to be made for carrying into effect conventions with respect to the prevention of danger arising to public health from vessels, and the prevention of the conveyance of infection by means of vessels.

[15th August 1904.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) The power of making regulations under the Public Sanitary Health Act, 1896, and the enactments mentioned in that Act, shall ^to^vesseis include the power of making regulations authorising measures to & g0 be taken for the prevention of danger arising to public health c 19< from vessels arriving at any port, and for the prevention of the conveyance of infection by means of any vessel sailing from any port, so far as may be necessary or expedient for the purpose of carrying out any treaty, convention, arrangement or engagement with any foreign country, *ad the regulations may in particular

48

Ch. 16, 17.

Public Health Act, 1904. 4 Edw. 7.

60 & 61 Vict. c. 38.

[Short title.]

Issue of 73, 083, 1641. out of the Consolidated Fund.

Power for the Treasury to borrow.

provide for the recovery of any expenses incurred in disinfection and of any charges authorised to be made by the regulations for the purpose of those regulations or any services performed thereunder, and also for any powers and dutiss under the regulations being executed and performed by local authorities:

Provided that the regulations shall not be made except after consultation with the Board of Trade.

(2) In the application of this Act to Scotland, Part IV. of the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897, shall be substituted for the Public Health Act, 1896.

(3) This Act shall extend to the Isle of Man with the substitution of section eight of the Local Government Amendment Act (Isle of Man), 1897, for the Public Health Act, 1896.

2. This Act may be cited as the Public Health Act, 1904.

CHAPTER 17.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and five, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[15th August 1904.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Grants out of Consolidated Fund.

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and five, the sum of seventy-three million eighty-three thousand one hundred and sixty-four pounds.

2. — (1) The Treasury may borrow from any person, by the issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury ori Hie credit of the said sums, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole

Ch. 17.

49

1904. Appropriation Act, 1904.

seventy-three million eighty-three thousand one hundred and sixty-four pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and five, and section six of the Treasury Bills 40 & 41 Vict. Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills), shall not apply c- 2 *

with respect to those bills.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding five pounds per cent, per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fundis available.

Appropriation of Grants.

3. All sums granted by this Act and the other Act mentioned in Appropriation Schedule (A.) annexed to this Act out of the said Consolidated Fund towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty, vices. 7 amounting, as appears by the said schedule, in the aggregate, to the sum of one hundred and sixteen million nine hundred and ten thousand five hundred and forty-one pounds, are appropriated, and shall be deemed to have been appropriated as from the date of the passing of the Act mentioned in the said Schedule (A.), for the services and purposes expressed in Schedule (B.) annexed hereto.

The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed hereto, with the notes (if any) to such schedules, shall be deemed to be part of this Act in the same manner as if they had been contained in the body thereof.

In addition to the sums hereby granted out of the Consolidated Fund, there may be applied out of any money directed under section two of the Public Accounts and Charges Act, 1891, to be 54 & 55 Vict, applied as appropriations in aid of the grants for the services c*34* and purposes specified in Schedule (B.) annexed hereto, the sums respectively set forth in the last column of the said schedule.

4. If a necessity arise for incurring expenditure not provided Treasury may, for in the sums appropriated to naval and military services by 68863

this Act, and which it may be detrimental to the public service to auSnseex-postpone until provision can be made for it by Parliament in the penditure unusual course, the department entrusted with the control over the said service shall forthwith make application in writing to the the aggregate Treasury for their authority to defray temporarily such expen- grants for the diture out of any surpluses which may have been or which may and/or the*8 be effected by the saving of expenditure upon votes within the army services same department, and in such application the department shall respectively be represent to the Treasury the circumstances which may render not exceeded* such additional expenditure necessary, and thereupon the Treasury

D

50

Ch. 17. Appropriation Act, 1904.

4 Edw. 7.

Sanction for navy and army expenditure for 1902-1903 unprovided for.

2 Edw. , 7. c. 27.

3 Edvr. 7. c. 32.

Declaration required in > certain cases before receipt of sums appropriated.

[Short title.]

may authorise the expenditure unprovided for as aforesaid to be temporarily defrayed out of any surpluses which may have been or which may be effected as aforesaid upon votes within the same department; and a statement showing all cases in which the naval and military departments have obtained the sanction of the Treasury to any expenditure not provided for in the respective votes aforesaid accompanied by copies of the representations made to them by the said department shall be laid before the House of Commons with the appropriation accounts of navy and army services for the year, in order that such proceedings may be submitted for the sanction of Parliament and that provision may be made for the deficiencies upon the several votes for the said services, in such manner as Parliament may determine.

The Treasury shall not authorise any expenditure which may cause an excess upon the aggregate sums appropriated by this Act for naval services and for army services respectively.

5. Whereas the Treasury, under the powers vested in them by the Appropriation Act, 1902, and the Appropriation Act, 1903, have authorised expenditure not provided for in the sums appropriated by the said Acts to certain votes for naval and military services for the year ended on the thirty-fhtft day of March one thousand nine hundred and three to be temporarily defrayed out of surpluses effected by the saving of expenditure on other votes for naval and military services for the said year; viz.,

1st. A sum of three hundred and sixty-five thousand seven hundred and forty-seven pounds thirteen shillings and elevenpence for navy services out of the unexpended balances of certain votes:

2nd. A sum of two million one hundred and sixty-seven thousand one hundred and fifteen pounds nineteen shillings and fourpence for army services out of the unexpended balances of certain votes:

It is enacted that the application of the said sums is hereby sanctioned.

6. A person shall not receive any part of a grant which may be made in pursuance of this Act for half-pay or army, navy or civil non-effective services, until he has subscribed such declaration as may from time to time be prescribed by a warrant of the Treasury before one of the persons prescribed by such warrant.

Provided that, whenever any such payment is made at more frequent intervals than once in a quarter, the Treasury may dispense - with the production of more than one declaration in respect of each quarter.

Any person who makes a declaration for the purpose of this section, knowing the same to be untrue in any material particular, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor.

7. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Appropriation Act, 1904.

1904. Appropriation Act, 1904. Ch. 17. 51

ABSTRACT

OF

SCHEDULES (A.) and (B.) to which this Act refers. SCHEDULE (A)

». d.

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund - - 116, 910, 541 0 0

SCHEDULE (B.) — Appropriation of Grants.

Sums not exceeding

1903-1904.

Port 1. Navy (Supplementary), 1903-

, 2. Army (Supplementary), 1903-1904 -

, 3. Civil Services (Supplementary), 1903-1904

1904-1905.

4. Navy - .

k (Army (Ordnance Factories) -

, 6. Civil Services, Class I.

, 7. Ditto, Class II.

, 8. Ditto, Class HI.

, Ditto, Class IV.

10. ., Ditto.; Class V.

, 11. Ditto, Class VL

, 12. Ditto, Class VH.

Total Civil See vices - £

, 13. Revenue Departments, &c. £

Grand Total -

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ \ «. d. £ 0. d.

1, 270,000 0 0 38,000 . 0 0

2, 700,000 0 0 3, 430,000 0 0

286, 177 0 0 17, 500 0 0

4, 256, 177 0 0 3, 485, 500 0 0

36, 889, 500 0 0 1, 438, 338 0 0

28, 830,000 0 0 3, 541, 049 0 0

70,000 0 0 3, 690,000 0 0

65, 789, 500 0 0 8, 669, 387 0 0

2, 622, 818 0 0 95, 635 0 0

2, 688, 711 0 0 587, 737 0 0

3, 881, 853 0 0 753, 049 0 0

15, 798, 217 0 0 27, 118 0 0

2, 055, 288 0 0 172, 191 0 0

661, 246 0 0 147 0 0

350, 084 0 0 5, 500 0 0

28, 058, 217 0 0 1, 641, 377 0 0

18, 806, 647 0 0 513, 625 0 0

116, 910, 541 0 0 14, 309, 889 0 0

52

Ch. 17.

Appropriation , 1904,

4 Edw. 7.

SCHED. (A)

SCHED. (B.) PART 1.

Navy

Supplementary,

1903-1904.

SCHED. (B.) Part 2.

Army

Supplementary,

1903-1904.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Grant out of the Consolidated Fund.

For the service of the year ended on the 31st March «. d.

1904: —

Under Act 4 Edw. 7. c. 1. - - 4, 256, 177 0 0

For the service of the year ending on 31st March 1905: —

Under Act 4 Edw. 7. c. 1. - - 39, 571, 200 0 0

Under this Act .... 73, 083, 164 0 0

Total - 116, 910, 541 0 0

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 1.

Navy Supplementary, 1903-1904.

Sum granted to meet additional expenditure for Navy Services for the year ended 31st day of March 1904, viz.: —

Shipbuilding, Repairs, Maintenance, Ac.: — £ 8. d.

Section I. Personnel - 3, 200 0 0

Section III. Contract Work - - 1, 254, 800 0 0

£ 1, 308,000 0 0

Section II. Materiel: —

Deduct appropriations in aid 38,000 0 0

£ 1, 270,000 0 0

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 2.

Army Supplementary, 1.903-1904.

Sum granted to meet expenditure in excess of that provided for in the original Army Estimates for the pay, transport, supplies, &c. of the Army for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1904; viz.: —

£ 8. d.

For the pay, &c. of the Army - 2,000,000 0 0

Transports and remounts - 2, 100,000 0 0

Provisions, forage, and other supplies - 2, 030,000 0 0

£ 6, 130,000 0 0

Excess appropriations in aid (Votes 1, 6, 7, 9

and 10) - 3, 430,000 0 0

£ 2, 700,000 0 0

1904.

Appropriation Act, 1904. Ch. 17.

53

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 3.

Civil Services (Supplementary), 1903-1904.

Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted to defray the charges for the Services herein particularly mentioned for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1904j viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

CIVIL SERVICES.

Class I.

For expenditure in respect of Royal Palaces - For Royal Parks and Pleasure Gardens 7, 300 18, 800 —

Class II.

For the expenses of providing stationery, printing, and binding for the public service; to pay the expenses of the Stationery Office, and the cost of reports of Parliamentary debates 31,000 17,000

Class III.

For certain miscellaneous legal expenses 2,000 —

Class IV.

For the expenses of the Commissioners of National Education in Ireland ... 29, 400 500

Class VI.

For making good deficiencies on the income accounts of the funds for Trustee Savings Banks, Friendly Societies, and Post Office Savings Banks ---- 197, 677 —

Total - 286, 177 17, 500

SCHED. (B.) Past 8.

Civil Services (Supplemental?), 1903-1904.

54

Ch. 17.

Appropriation, 1904. 4 Edw. 7.

SCHED. (6.)

Part 4. Navy.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 4.

NAVY.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Navt* Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1905; viz.: —

No.

1. For wages, &c. to 131, 100 officers, seamen, and boys, coastguard, and Royal marines -

2. For the expense of victualling and clothing for the navy, including the cost of victualling establishments at home and abroad

3. For medical services, including the cost of medical establishments at home and abroad

4. For martial law, including the cost of naval prisons at home and abroad -

5. For educational services -

6. For scientific services -

7. For the expenses of the royal naval reserve,

the royal fleet reserve (including seamen pensioner reserve) and the royal naval volunteers, &c. -r 8 Sect. 1. For the expense of the personnel for shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance, &c., including the cost of establishments of dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad -

, Sect. 2. For the expense of the materiel for shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance, Ac., including the cost of establishments of dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad -

, Sect. 3. For the expense of contract work for shipbuilding, repairs, &c.

9. For naval armaments -

10. For works, buildings, and repairs at home

and abroad, including the cost of superintendence, purchase of sites, grants^ in aid, and other charges connected therewith

11. For various miscellaneous effective services -

12. For the expenses of the Admiralty Office

13. For half-pay, reserved and retired pay to officers of the navy and marines

14. For naval and marine pensions, gratuities, and compassionate allowances -

15. For civil pensions and gratuities

Total Navy Services

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ 6, 691,000 £ 134, 143

2, 428,000 524, 085

293,000 21, 970

15, 500 154,000 72, 600 126 ' 45, 840 20, 122

404, 500 8, 179

3, 044, 200 21, 600

5, 062, 800 357, 100

10, 314,000 3, 646,000 132,000 88,000

1, 634, 200 444,000 327, 400 29,000 14, 538 9,000

796, 200 12, 886

1, 208, 800 353, 300 19, 801 448

36, 889, 500 1, 438, 338

1904.

55

Appropriation Act, 1904. Ca. 17.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 5.

ARMY.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Army Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1905; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No.

1. For the pay, allowances, and other charges of His Majesty's Army at home and abroad (exclusive of India), and of the general staff, regiments and reserve (to a number not exceeding 227,000), and departments - 9, 746,000 1, 092, 200

2. For the pay, &c. of medical establishments and for medicines - 484,000 1, 500

3. For the pay, bounty, &c. of the militia (to a number not exceeding 143, 351, including 10,000 militia reserve) 817,000 11,000

4. For the pay and allowances of the Imperial yeomanry in Great Britain 468,000 500

5. For capitation grants and miscellaneous charges of volunteer corps, including pay, &c. of the permanent staff 1, 220,000 2,000

6. For the expense of transport and remounts 1, 519,000 67,000

7. For provisions, forage, and other supplies 8. For clothing establishments and services - 4, 682,000 64, 200

1, 156,000 402, 600

9. For the supply and repair of warlike and other stores - 2, 839,000 746,000

10. For the staff for engineer services and charges for Royal Engineer works, buildings, and repairs at home and abroad (including purchases) - 1, 918,000 153, 264

11. For establishments for military education 146,000 64, 750

12. For miscellaneous effective services 73,000 8, 600

13. For the salaries and miscellaneous charges of the War Office - 331,000 1, 550

14. For retired pay, half-pay, and other non-effective charges for officers and others 1, 666,000 437, 035

15. For Chelsea and Kilmainham hospitals, and the in-pensioners thereof, for out-pensions, for the maintenance of lunatics for whom pensions are not drawn, and for gratuities awarded in commutation and in lieu of pensions, for rewards for meritorious services, for Victoria Cross pensions, and for pensions, &c.

to the widows and children of warrant officers, non-commissioned officers, and men, &c. 1, 676,000 488, 747

16. For Civil superannuation, compensation, and compassionate allowances, and gratuities - 189,000 103

Total Abmt Services - £ 28, 830,000 3, 541, 049

Sched. (B.) Past 5.

Army.

56

Ch. 17.

Appropriation Act, 1904. 4 Edw. 7.

SCHED. (B.) Part 5.

Army.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Army (Ordnance Factories).

For the expense of the ordnance factories, the cost of productions of which is charged to the army, navy, and Indian and Colonial Governments - 70,000 3, 690,000

Total Army Services (including Ordnance \ Factories) - - £ j 28, 900,000 7, 231, 049

Soiled. (B.) SOHEDXJLE (B,) — -PART 6.

Part 6.

Civil Services. CIVIL SERVICES. — Class I.

C ass I. Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1905; viz.: —

j Sums not exceeding 1

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No. £

1. For expenditure in respect of royal palaces 2. For expenditure in respect of Osborne (in- 61, 500 620

cluding a supplementary sum of 5, 450Z.) 20, 550 1, 500

3. For the royal parks and pleasure gardens 4. For expenditure in respect of the Houses of 104, 100 6, 210

Parliament buildings -5. For expenditure in respect of miscellaneous 48, 300 300

legal buildings. Great Britain 6. For expenditure in respect of Art and Science buildings, Great Britain - 70, 700 700

41, 300 100

7. For expenditure in respect of diplomatic and consular buildings, and for the maintenance

of certain cemeteries abroad 8. For the Customs, Inland Revenue, Post Office, and Post Office Telegraph buildings in Great Britain, and certain Post Offices abroad, including furniture, fuel, and sundry 58,000 570

miscellaneous services -9. For expenditure in respect of sundry public buildings in Great Britain not provided for 595, 300 3, 180

on other votes -10. For the survey of the United Kingdom, and for 450, 900 18, 245

minor services connected therewith 11. For maintaining certain harbours under the Board of Trade and for grants in aid of 210, 409 26, 900

harbours - . - - 28, 930 2, 600

1004.

Appropriation Act, 1904. Ch. 17.

57

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No.

12. For constructing a new harbour of refuge at Peterhead - 32,000

13. For rates and contributions in lieu of rates, &o., in respect of Government property, and for rates on houses occupied by Representatives of Foreign Powers, and for salaries and expenses of the rating of Government property department, and for a contribution towards the expense of the Metropolitan 592, 277 j 27, 160

Fire Brigade -

14. For the erection, repairs, and maintenance of public buildings in Ireland, for the maintenance of certain parks and publio works, and for the maintenance of drainage works on the River Shannon - 220, 737 7, 550

15. For payments under the Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883, the Light Railways (Ireland) Acts, 1889 and 1893, the Tramways (Ireland) Act, 1895, the Railways (Ireland) Act, 1896, and the Marine Works (Ireland) Act, 1902 87, 815

Total Civil Services, Class I. - £ 2, 622, 818 95, 635

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 7.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class II.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1905; viz.: —

No.

1. For salaries and expenses of the offices of the House of Lords -

2. For salaries and expenses in the offices of the House of Commons -

3. For salaries and other expenses of the department of His Majesty's Treasury and subordinate departments, including expenses in respect of advances under the Light Railways Act, 1896 (and including a supplementary sum of 2, 960?. for the expenses in respect of the Committee of Imperial Defence) -

Suns not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

1, 5, 868 26,000

33, 060 26, 500

97, 599 2, 900

Sched. (B.)

Part 6. Civil Services. Class I.

S cubed. (B.) Part 7.

Civil Services . Class n.

58

Ch. 17.

Appropriation Act, 1904. 4 Edw. 7.

SC HKD. (B.)

Part 7. Civil Services. Class II.

No.

4. For salaries and expenses of the office of His Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department and subordinate offices -

5. For salaries and expenses of the department of His Majesty's Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs -

6. For salaries and expenses of the department of His Majesty's Secretary of State for the Colonies, including a grant in aid of certain expenses connected with Emigration

7. For salaries and expenses of the department of His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council -

8. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade, and subordinate departments, including a grant in aid -

9. For the salaries and expenses of certain services transferred from the Mercantile Marine Fund and other services connected with the Mercantile Marine 10. For meeting the deficiency of income from fees, &c. for the requirements of the Board of Trade, under the Bankruptcy Acts, 1883 and 1890; and the Companies (Winding-up) Act, 1890 -

11. For the salaries and expenses of the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries and of Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, including certain grants in aid -

12. For salaries and expenses of the Charily* Commission for England and Wales

13. For salaries and expenses of the Civil Service Commission -

14. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Comptroller and Auditor General

15. For salaries and expenses of the Registry of Friendly Societies -

16. For salaries and expenses of the Local Government Board -

17. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners in Lunacy in England

18. For salaries and expenses of the Mint, including the expenses of the coinage ...

19. For salaries and expenses of the National Debt Office -

20. For salaries and expenses of the Public Record Office and of the Office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments -

21. For salaries and expenses of the establishment under the Public Works Loan Commissioners

22. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of Births, &c. in England -

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

164, 094 9,000

65, 771 600

52, 750 —

9, 680 1, 706

221, 461 9, 920

99, 251 53, 850

12 133, 052

119, 337 34, 550

29, 633 —

43, 110 —

64, 054 2, 517

7, 881 —

227, 089 5, 200

15, 259 1, 112

68 115, 300

13, 439 2, 634

24, 965 —

12 11, 190

40, 146 8, 920

1901. Appropriation Act, 1904. Ch. 17.

59

No.

23. For stationery, printing, paper, binding, and printed books, for the public service, and for the salaries and expenses of the Stationery Office, and for sundry miscellaneous services, including the reports of Parliamentary Debates -

24. For salaries and expenses of the office of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues -

25. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Works and Public Buildings -

26. For His Majesty's foreign and other secret services -

27. For salaries and expenses of the office of His Majesty's Secretary for Scotland and subordinate office, expenses under the Inebriates Acts, 1879 to 1900, and expenses under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1899, including a grant in aid of the Congested Districts (Scotland) Fund -

28. For salaries and expenses of the Fishery Board for Scotland, and for grants in aid of piers or quays -

29. For salaries and expenses of the Board of Lunacy in Scotland -

30. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of Births, &c. in Scotland -

31. For salaries and expenses of the Local Government Board for Scotland -

32. For salaries and expenses of the household of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland

33. For salaries and expenses of the offices of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, in Dublin and London, and of the Inspectors of Lunatic Asylums

34. For salaries and expenses of the department of agriculture and other industries, and technical instruction for Ireland, and of the services administered by that department, including sundry grants in aid

35. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests for Ireland (including a supplementary sum of 130Z.) -

36. For salaries and expenses of the Local Government Board in Ireland -

37. For salaries and expenses of the Public Record Office in Ireland and of the Keeper of the State Papers in Dublin -

38. For salaries and expenses of the Office of Public Works in Ireland -

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

744, 362 111, 550

21, 171 —

69, 649 —

65,000

35, 495 2, 730

18, 155 —

6, 423 525

4, 732 750

14, 598 —

4, 826 —

26, 371 257

190, 406 1, 320

2, 148 34

62, 886 12,000

5, 254 -

39, 773 2, 500

SCHED. (B.)

Part 7.

Civil Services. Class II.

60

Ch. 17.

Appropriation Act, 1904. 4 Edw. 7.

SCHED. (B.) Past 7.

Civil Services. Class II.

Sobbd. (B.) Past 8. Civil Services. Class III.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No. 39. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of Births, Ac., and for expenses of collecting emigration statistics in Ireland - 40. For salaries and expenses of the general valuation and boundary survey of Ireland - £ 12, 716 20, 207 £ 720 10, 400

Total Civil Services, Class II. - £ 2, 688, 711:587, 737 1

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 8.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class HI.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the severed Civtl Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1905; viz.: —

Stuns not exceeding

No.

1. For the salaries of the law officers department,

the salaries and expenses of the department of the Solicitor for the affairs of His Majesty's Treasury, King’s Proctor, and Director of Public Prosecutions, the costs of prosecutions, and of other legal proceedings and of Parliamentary Agency -

2. For certain miscellaneous legal expenses, including grants in aid of the expenses of the Incorporated Law Societies of England and Ireland -

3. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund -

4. For salaries and expenses of the office of Land Registry -

5. For salaries and expenses connected with the County Courts -

6. For the salaries of the Commissioner and

Assistant Commissioners of the Metropolitan Police, and of the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District, the pay and expenses of officers of Metropolitan Police employed on special duties, and the salaries and expenses of the Inspectors of Constabulary -

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

80, 232 14, 900

50, 199 12, 731

317, 515 56, 900

46, 827 —

27,000 470, 108

42, 854 70

1904,

Appropriation Act, 1904. Ch. 17.

61

Sums not exceeding

No.

7. For the expenses of the prisons in England, Wales, and the Colonies -

8. For the salaries and expenses of the office of

the Inspector of Reformatories, and the expenses of the maintenance of juvenile offenders in reformatory, industrial, and day industrial schools and under the Youthful Offenders Act in Great Britain

9. For the maintenance of criminal lunatics in

Broadmoor Criminal Lunatio Asylum

10. For salaries and expenses of the Lord Advocate’s department and other law charges, and the salaries and expenses of the Courts of Law and Justice in Scotland -

11. For salaries and expenses of the offices in His

Majesty's General Register House, Edinburgh

12. For the salaries and expenses of the Establishment of the Crofters’ Commission -

13. For the salaries and expenses of the Prison

Commissioners for Scotland, and of the prisons under their control, including the maintenance of criminal lunatics and inmates of the State inebriate reformatory, and the preparation of judicial statistics

14. For the expenses of criminal prosecutions and

other law charges in Ireland -

15. For such of the salaries and expenses of the

Supreme Court of Judicature and of certain other legal departments in Ireland as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund -

16. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the

Irish Land Commission -

17. For the salaries, allowances, and expenses

of various oounty court officers, and of magistrates in Ireland, and the expenses of revision -

18. For salaries and expenses of the Commissioner of Police, the police courts and metropolitan police establishment of Dublin

19. For the expenses of the Royal Irish Constabulary

20. For the expenses of the General Prisons Board

in Ireland and of the establishments under their control; and of the registration of habitual criminals and the maintenance of criminal lunatics confined in district lunatic asylums -

21. For the expenses of reformatory and industrial

schools and under the Youthful Offenders Act, 1901, in Ireland -

22. For the maintenance of criminal lunatics in

Dun drum Criminal Lunatic Asylum, Ireland

Total Civil See vices, Class III.

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ 735, 762 £ 17,000

253, 957 35, 701 29,000 1, 130

84, 148 42, 678 | 4, 590 46,000

88, 570 65, 416 4, 950 460

100, 718 126, 342 2, 650 12, 750

111, 584 4, 800

97, 961 1, 339, 608 52, 105 22, 745

115, 476 3, 250

108,000 6, 715 1, 500

3, 881, 853 753, 049

Sched.(B.) Part 8.

Civil Services. Class III.

62

Ch. 17.

Appropriation Act, 1904. 4 Edw. 7

SCHED. (B.)

Part 9. Civil Services. Class IV.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 9.

CIVIL SERVICE S. — Class IV.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1905; viz.: —

j Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the Board of Education, and of the various establishments connected therewith, including sundry grants in aid - j 12, 238, 437 8, 268

2. For salaries and other expenses of the British Museum, and of the Natural History Museum, including certain grants in aid 170, 171 8, 800

3. For salaries and expenses of the National Gallery, and of the National Gallery of British Art, Millbank, including a grant in aid for the purchase of pictures 17, 065 1, 600

4. For salaries and expenses of the National Portrait Gallery, including a grant in aid for the purchase of portraits - 5, 682

5. For the salaries and expenses of the Wallace Collection (Hertford House) ... 6, 539 750

6. For sundry grants in aid of scientific investigation, &g. and other grants ... 46, 407

7. For grants in aid of the expenses of certain Universities and Colleges in Great Britain and expenses under the Welsh Intermediate Education Act, 1889 - 151, 200

8. For publio education in Scotland, and for Science and Art in Scotland, including a grant in aid - ... 1, 753, 724

9. For a grant to the Board of Trustees for manufactures in Scotland, in aid of the maintenance of the National Gallery, School of Art and Museum of Antiquities, Scotland, <fcc. 6, 550

10. For the expenses of the Commissioners of National Education in Ireland, including a

grant in aid of the Teachers Pension Fund, Ireland - 1, 393, 625 2, 200

11. For the expenses of the Office of the Commissioners for managing certain school endowments in Ireland - 935

12. For salaries and expenses of the National Gallery of Ireland, including a grant in aid for the purchase of pictures - 3, 082

13. For a grant in aid of the expenses of the Queen's Colleges in Ineland - 4, 800 5, 500

Total Civil Services, Class IV. - 15, 798, 217 27, 118 '

1904,

Appropriation, 1904. Ch. 17.

63

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 10.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class V.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the severed Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1905; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For the expenses in connexion with His

Majesty's embassies and missions, and consular establishments abroad, and other expenditure chargeable to the Consular Vote -

2. For grants in aid of the expenses of the British

Protectorates in Uganda, East Africa, and Somaliland, and under the Uganda Railway Acts, 1896, 1900, and 1902 -

3. For sundry colonial services, including certain

grants in aid -

4. For the subsidies to certain Telegraph Com-

panies, and a grant in aid of the annual expenses of the Pacific Cable

5. For making good the net loss on transactions

connected with the raising of money for the various Treasury chests abroad in the year 1903-4 ......

Total Civil Services, Class V.

Supply | Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

553, 067 89, 816

720, 700

\ 645, 421 —

87, 100 82, 375

49,000 —

2, 055, 288 172, 191

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 11.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VI.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1905; viz.

1 Bums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No.

1. For superannuation, compensation, and compassionate allowances and gratuities under sundry Statutes, for compassionate allowances and gratuities awarded by the Treasury; and for the salaries of medical referees - - 639, 729

SCHED. (B.)

PART 10.

Civil Services. Class V.

SCHED. (B.) Part 11.

Civil Services. Class VI.

64

Ch. 17.

Appropriation Act, 1904. 4 Edw. 7.

SCHED. (8.)

Part 11.

Civil Services. Class VI.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 12.

Civil Services. Class VII.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No.

2. For certain pensions to masters and seamen of the merchant service, and to widows and children of masters and seamen 2, 600

3. For certain miscellaneous, charitable, and other allowances - 1, 617 MM

4. For hospitals and infirmaries and certain miscellaneous, charitable, and other allowances in Ireland, including sundry grants in aid - 17, 300 147

Total Civil Services, Class VI. 661, 246 147

N SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 12.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VII.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Crra. Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1905; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No. 1. For salaries and other expenses of temporary commissions, committees, and special inquiries - £ 50,000 £

2. For certain miscellaneous expenses 22, 685 5, 500

3. For making good certain sums written off from the assets of the Local Loans Fund - 5, 642 —

4. For a grant in aid of the expenses of the Royal Commission for the St. Louis Exhibition, 1904 - 70,000

5. For the Ireland Development Grant (Grant in aid) - 185,000 —

6. For repayments to the Civil Contingencies Fund of certain miscellaneous advances - 16, 757 —

Total Civil Services, Class VII. - £ 350, 084 5, 500

1904.

Appropriation Act, 1904. Ch. 17, 18.

65

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 13.

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS, &c.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Revenue Departments, &c. herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1905; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No. 1. For salaries and expenses of the Customs £ £

Department -2. For salaries and expenses of the Inland Revenue 919,000 50, 550

Department -3. For salaries and expenses of the Post Office services, the expenses of Post Office savings banks, and Government annuities and in-snranoeB, and the collection of the Post Office 2, 185, 100 17,000

revenue -A. For the expenses of the Post Office packet 10, 200, 618 179, 800

service ---- 5. For salaries and working expenses of the Post 786, 420 201, 075

Office telegraph service ... 4, 715, 509 65, 200

Total Revenue Departments - £ 18, 806, 647 513, 625

Sched. (B.) Past 13. Revenue Departments, See.

CHAPTER 18.

An Act to make provision for the case of default on the part of Local Authorities in the performance of their duties as respects elementary schools.

[15th August 1904.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) The Board of Education, without prejudice to their Powers of right to take any other proceedings, may, if they are satisfied ©n de-that it is expedient to do so on account of any default of a fauit of local local authority in the performance of their duties as respects any education au-elementary school, — tbonty.

(a) make orders for recognising as managers of that school any persons who are acting as managers thereof, and for rendering valid any act, thing, payment or grant which in the opinion of the Board might otherwise be invalid

E

66 Cs. 18, 19. Education (Local Authority Defaylt) 4 Edw. 7.

, 1904.

by reason of the default of the authority, and every such, order shall have effect accordingly; 'and

(b) jf it appears to the Board that the managers of that school have, for the purpose of maintaining and keeping efficient the school, incurred any expenses for which provision should have been made by the local education, authority, pay to the managers such amount in respect of these expenses as in the opinion of the Board was properly incurred.

(2) Any sums paid by the Board of Education under this Act shall be a debt due to the Crown from the local education authority and, without prejudice to any other remedy, may be deducted from any sums payable to that authority on account of* parliamentary grants.

(3) Any order or payment may be made under this Act as. respects matters occurring whether before or after the passing thereof.

Construction 2. This Act shall be construed as one with the Education Act, and short title. 1902, and may be cited as the Education (Local Authority Default) *

2 Edw.7. c. 42. Act , 1904

---

CHAPTER 19.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Private Sidings on Railways.

[15th August 1904.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Railways (Private Sidings) Act, 1904.

---

Facilities with

2. The reasonable facilities which every railway company is

vate^din s"' re<lu^red to afford under section two of the Railway and Canal 17 a/is Vict. Traffic Act, 1854, as amended or explained by any other Act, shall c. 3i. include reasonable facilities for the junction of private sidings

or private branch railways with any railway belonging to or worked by any such company, and reasonable facilities for receiving, forwarding and delivering traffic upon and from those '< sidings or private branch railways;

border under 3. The Railway and Canal Commissioners: may at any time the°Act.U er review and rescind or vary any order made by them under this Act on the application of any party to the order, but, before such an application is entertained by the Commissioners, the applicant shall show to the Commissioners, in manner provided by rules to 5125 52 Vict‘ he made for the purpose under, section twenty of the Railway and c’ Canal Traffic Act, 1888, that there is a prima facie case for the

application.

1904

Ch. 2(X C7

Poor Law Authorities (Transfer of Property) Act, 1904.

CHAPTER 20.

An Act to make provision for the transfer of Property and other matters consequent upon the dissolution of Districts and Poor Law Unions or the addition of one Poor Law Union to another.

[15th August 1904.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The board of guardians of any poor law union, which has Dissolution been dissolved or added to another poor law union, and the board authorities^ of management, acting for any school district or asylum district dissolution of which has been dissolved or the component parts of which have districts, been formed into one poor law union, shall, by virtue of this Act, be dissolved, or, in the case of poor law unions or districts so dealt with before the passing of this Act, shall be deemed -to have been so dissolved as from the date of such dissolution, addition or formation.

[Transfer of

2. — (1) Where any board of guardians or board of management have been, or, by virtue of this Act, are to be deemed to have been, so dissolved, their property and liabilities shall vest in the authority. successors of that board or shall be deemed to have so vested as from the date of the dissolution, and no deed, conveyance or other instrument and no authority of any court shall be, or shall be deemed to have been, requisite for the purpose.

(2) Where at the date of any such dissolution any stock is standing in the books of any company in the name of the board of guardians or board of management, then, upon the request of the successors of that board and the production of a statutory declaration verifying the stock and the identity of the persons making the request, together with a certificate by the Local Government Board, verifying the succession, the company shall enter the stock as occasion requires in the names of the persons specified in that behalf in the statutory declaration, in like manner as if the stock had been transferred to them, and pay to them all dividends accrued and to accrue due thereon and do all things necessary for effecting the purposes of this section.

(3) The statutory declaration required for the purposes of this section may be made by the person specified in that behalf in the certificate of the Local Government Board.

3. The Local Government Board shall have, and shall be Power of Loca? deemed to have had, power to revoke, extend or alter any order made by them, relating to the dissolution or alteration of poor law orders vary unions or school or asylum districts or to the continuance- in office dissolution, &c. of the successors of the board‘concerned, and to make any such order without giving particulars in the order as to the special purposes for which the persons continued: in office are to act, and

68

Ch. 20, 21.

Interpretation.

Short title and extent.

Power of Treasury to borrow by means of Exchequer bonds as well as by means of terminable annuities.

Poor Law Authorities (Transfer of Property) Act, 1904. 4 Edw. 7.

may by a general or a particular order make such provision as the Local Government Board think expedient for the regulation of the proceedings of any persons so continued in office, and for the authentication of any documents on their behalf by the signatures of any two or more of them, and as to the method in which any such persons may transfer any property vested in them, and otherwise for giving effect to the purposes of this Act, and any such order shall have effect as if enacted in this Act.

4. In thid Act —

"The successors of the board" means the persons or the survivors of the persons acting as members of the board at the time of the dissolution and any persons who may be added to or substituted for those persons by an order of the Local Government Board:

"Company" includes the Bank of England and any company or person keeping books in which stock is registered:

"Stock" includes any share, annuity or other security.

5. — (1) This Act shall not extend to Ireland.

(2) This Act may be cited as the Poor Law Authorities (Transfer of Property) Act, 1904.

CHAPTER 21.

An Act to enable the Treasury to borrow by means of Exchequer Bonds for purposes for which they are authorised to borrow by means of Terminable Annuities.

[15th August 1904.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) The Treasury may, if they think fit, borrow, by means of the issue of Exchequer bonds, the whole or part of any sums which at the time of the passing of this Act they are authorised under any Act (in this Act referred to as the enabling Act) to borrow by means of terminable annuities, and may also so borrow any sums which are required for paying off any bonds so issued.

(2) Provision shall be made by the Treasury, out of moneys annually provided by Parliament for the services for which any loan is raised by means of Exchequer bonds under this Act, for the payment of the interest on the loan and also for the discharge of the loan within a period not exceeding the maximum period fixed for the terminable annuities under the enabling Act.

(3) The principal of and interest on any Exchequer bonds issued under this Act shall be charged on and payable out of the

1904. Capital Expenditure (Money) Act, 1904. Ch. 21, 22. 69

Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or the growing produce thereof.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Capital Expenditure (Money) Act, 1904.

CHAPTER 22.

An Act to make provision with respect to an advance to be made to the Cunard Steamship Company (Limited), under an Agreement with that Company dated the thirtieth day of July nineteen hundred and three.

[15th August 1904.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) The Treasury shall issue out of the Consolidated Fund, Issue of money or the growing produce thereof, such sums, not exceeding in the g^Udated^nd whole the sum of two millions six hundred thousand pounds, as for the purpose are required for the purpose of making the advance (in this Act of the advance referred to as the Cunard Loan) agreed to be made to the Cunard ^o^ea^unRrd Steamship Company (Limited) under Clause 10 of the agreement P y‘ with that Company, dated the thirtieth day of July nineteen hundred and three and approved by the House of Commons on the twelfth day of August nineteen hundred and three (in this Act referred to as the Cunard agreement).

(2) The Treasury may, if they think fit, at any time, for the purpose of providing for the issue of sums out of the Consolidated Fund under this Act or for the repayment to that Fund of all or any part of the sums so issued or for paying off any security issued under this Act, so far as that payment is not otherwise provided for, borrow money by means of the issue of Exchequer bonds, and all sums so borrowed shall be paid into the Exchequer.

(3) Any sums received on account of the payment of the principal of or interest on the Cunard loan shall be paid into the Exchequer, but any part of the sums so paid which represents the repayment of principal shall be transferred to the National Debt Commissioners and applied by them, as and when they think fit, in purchasing or paying off, as occasion requires, any securities issued under this Act and, until so applied, shall be invested and accumulated by the Commissioners.

(4) The principal of and interest on any Exchequer bonds issued under this Act shall be charged on and payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or the growing produce thereof.

2. Stamp duty shall not be chargeable and shall be deemed Exemption not to have been chargeable on the Cunard agreement, or on the 8tamp

70 Ch. 22, 23. Cunard Agreement (Money) Act, 1904. 4 Edw. 7.

trust deed or other security executed or given in accordance with that agreement for the repayment of the Cunard loan, or on any instrument executed for the purpose of carrying out any provision of that agreement, nor shall any fees be payable under section three of the Merchant Shipping (Mercantile Marine Fund) Act, 1898, in respect of the mortgage or transfer of the mortgage of any ships for the purposes of the Cunard Agreement.

[Short title.]

3. This Act may be cited as the Cunard Agreement (Money) Act, 1904.

CHAPTER 23.

An Act to amend the Licensing Acts, 1828 to 1902, in respect to the extinction of Licences and the grant of new Licences.

[15th August 1904.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Reference t3 1. — (1) The power to refuse the renewal of an existing on

quarter licence, on any ground other than the ground that the licensed

questions as to premises have been ill-conducted or are structurally deficient or renewal of structurally unsuitable, or grounds connected with the charafcter

licences in or fitness of the proposed holder of the licence, or the ground

certain cases. renewal would be void, shall be vested in quarter sessions

instead of the justices of the licensing district, but shall only be exercised on a reference from those justices and on payment of compensation in accordance with this Act.

In every case of the refusal of the renewal of an existing on licence by the justices of a licensing district, they shall specify in writing to the applicant the grounds of their refusal.

(2) Where the justices of a licensing district, on the consideration by them, in accordance with the Licensing Acts, 1828 to 1902, of applications for the renewal of licences, are of opinion that the question of the renewal of any particular existing on licences requires consideration on grounds other than those on which the renewal of an existing on licence can be refused by them, they shall refer the matter to quarter sessions, together with their report thereon, and quarter sessions shall consider all reports so made to them and may, if they think it expedient, after giving the persons interested in the licensed premises and, unless it appears to quarter sessions unnecessary, any other persons appearing to them to be interested in the question of the renewal of the licence of those premises (including the justices of the licensing district), an opportunity of being heard and, subject to the payment of compensation under this Act, refuse the renewal of any licence to which any such report relates.

Licensing Act, 1904. Ch. 23.

71

1904.

2. — (1) Where quarter sessions refuse the renewal of an existing on licence under this Act, a sum equal to the difference between the value of the licensed premises (calculated as if the licence were subject to the same conditions of renewal as were applicable immediately before the passing of this Act and including in that value the amount of any depreciation of trade fixtures arising by reason of the refusal to renew the licence) and the value which those premises would bear if they were not licensed premises, shall be paid as compensation to the persons interested in the licensed premises.

(2) The amount to be so paid shall, if an amount is agreed upon by the persons appearing to quarter sessions to be interested in the licensed premises and is approved by quarter sessions, be that amount, and in default of such agreement and approval shall be determined by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue in the same manner and subject to the like appeal to the High Court as on the valuation of an estate for the purpose of estate duty, and in any event the amount shall be divided amongst the persons interested in the licensed premises (including the holder of the licence) in such shares as may be determined by quarter sessions:

Provided that in the case of the licence holder regard shall be had not only to his legal interest in the premises or trade fixtures but also to his conduct and to the length of time during which he has been the holder of the licence, and the holder of a licence, if a tenant, shall (notwithstanding any agreement to the contrary) in no case receive a less amount than he would be entitled to as tenant from year to year of the licensed premises.

(3) If on the division of the amount to be paid as compensation any question arises which quarter sessions consider can be more conveniently determined by the county court, they may refer that question to the county court in accordance with rules of court to be made for the purpose.

(4) Any costs incurred by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue on an appeal from their decision to the High Court under this section shall, unless the High Court order those costs to be paid by some party to the appeal other than the Commissioners, be paid out of the amount to be paid as compensation.

3. — (1) Quarter sessions shall, in each year, unless they certify to the Secretary of State that it is unnecessary to do so in any year, for the purposes of this Act impose, in respect of all existing on licences renewed in respect of premises within their area, charges at rates not exceeding and graduated in the same proportion as the rates shown in the scale of maximum charges set out in the First Schedule to this Act.

(2) Charges payable under this section in respect of any licence shall be levied and paid together with and as part of the duties on the corresponding excise licence, but a separate account shall be kept by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue of the amount produced by those charges in the area of any quarter sessions, and that amount shall in each year be paid over to thjat quarter

Payment of compensation on non-renewal of licence.

Financial provisions.

72

Ch. 23. Licensing, 1904. 4 Edw. 7.

sessions in accordance with rules made by the Treasury for the purpose.

(3) Such deductions from rent as are set out in the Second Schedule to this Act may, notwithstanding any agreement to the contrary, be made by any licence holder who pays a charge under this section and also by any person from whose rent a deduction is made in respect of the payment of such a charge.

(4) Any sums paid under this Act to quarter sessions in respect of the charges under this section, or received by quarter sessions from any other source for the payment of compensation under this Act, shall be paid by them to a separate account under their management, and the moneys standing to the credit of that account shall constitute the compensation fund.

(5) Any expenses incurred by quarter sessions in the payment of compensation under this Act, or otherwise in the exercise of their powers or the performance of their duties under this Act, and such expenses of the justices of the licensing district incurred under this Act as quarter sessions may allow, shall be paid out of the compensation fund, and quarter sessions, in the exercise of their powers under this Act, shall have regard to the funds available for the purpose.

Quarter sessions may, with the consent of a Secretary of State, borrow in accordance with rules made under this Act, on tho security of the compensation fund, for the purpose of paying any compensation payable under this Act.

ProvisionB as to 4. — (1) The power of the County Licensing Committee to

new licences, confirm new licences, and any other power of that committee shall be transferred to quarter sessions.

(2) The justices, on the grant of a new on licence, may attach to the grant of the licence such conditions, both as to the payments to be made and the tenure of the licence and as to any other matters, as they think proper in the interests of the public; subject as follows: —

(a) Such conditions shall in any case be attached as, having

regard to proper provision for suitable premises and good management, the justices think best adapted for securing to the public any monopoly value which is represented by the difference between the value which the premises will bear, in the opinion of the justices, when licensed and the value of the same premises if they were not licensed: Provided that, in estimating the value as licensed premises of hotels or other premises where the profits are not wholly derived from the sale of intoxicating liquor, no increased value arising from profits not so derived shall be taken into consideration:

(b) The amount of any payments imposed under conditions attached in pursuance of this section shall not exceed the amount thus required to secure the monopoly value.

(3) The justices may, if they think fit, instead of granting a new on licence as an annual licence, grant the licence for a term

73

1904. Licensing Act, 1904. Ch. 23.

not exceeding seven years, and where a licence is so granted for a term —

(a) Any application for a re-grant of the licence on the expiration of the term shall be treate I as an application for the grant of a new licence, not as an application for the renewal of a licence, and during the continuance of the term the licence shall not require renewal: and

(b) Any transfer of the licence shall, subject to any conditions attached thereto on the grant, have effect for the remainder of the term of the licence and may be granted at a general annual licensing meeting as well as at special sessions, and any reference to special sessions in any enactment relating to transfers or protection orders shall include a reference to the general annual licensing meeting.

(4) The amount of any payments made in pursuance of any conditions under this section shall be collected and dealt with in the same manner as the duties on local taxation licences within the meaning of section twenty of the Local Government Act, 1888.

(5) A licence granted for a term under this section may (without prejudice to any other provisions as to forfeiture) be forfeited, if any condition imposed under this section is not complied with, by order of a couit of summary jurisdiction made on complaint, or, if the holder of the licence is convicted of any offence committed by him as such, by the court by whom he is convicted, but where a licence is so forfeited the owner of the licensed premises shall have all the rights conferred on owners by

section fifteen of the Licensing Act, 1874. 37 & 38 Vict.

(6) On the confirmation of a new on licence, the confirming c- 49* authority may, with the consent of the justices authorised to grant

the licence, vary any conditions attached to the licence under the provisions of this section.

5. — (1) Quarter sessions may, if they think fit, divide their Division of area into districts for the purposes of this Act, and in that case Appointment of this Act shall operate as if those districts were separate areas for committees for the purposes of this Act under the same quarter sessions. purports of

(2) Quarter sessions may delegate any of their powers and Act* duties under this Act to a committee, appointed in accordance with rules made by them under this section, and, except in a county borough, shall so delegate their power of confirming the grant of a new licence and of determining any question as to the refusal of the renewal of a licence under this Act and matters consequential there* n* and county licensing committees shall cease

to be appointed under the Licensing Act, 1872.

(3) Quarter sessions may make rules to be approved by a Secretary of State for the mode of sppoiniment of committees under this section and for the number, the quorum and (so far as procedure is not otherwise provided for) the procedure of those committees.

(4) The justices of a licensing district being a county borough shall exercise their powers under the Licensing Acts, 1828 to 1902, as to the renewal of licences through the borough licensing

74

Cff. 23.

Licensing Act, 1904

4 Edw. 7.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 94.

Bales.

Returns to Secretary of State.

Authorities and areas.

committee appointed under section thirty-eight of the Licensing Act, 1872, and such number as the whole body of justices acting in and for the borough determine shall be substituted for seven as the maximum number and seven shall be substituted for three as the minimum number of that committee.

, vj(5) The justices of any borough, not being a county borough but having a separate commission of the peace, shall be entitled to appoint one of their number to act, with reference to the determination of any question as to the refusal of the renewal of a licence under this Act and any matters consequential thereon, on the committee appointed under this section by quarter sessions, and for those purposes any justice so appointed shall be deemed to be an additional member of the committee.

6. A Secretary of State may make rules for carrying into effect this Act and may by those rules amongst other things —

(a) provide for the provisional renewal of licences which are included in reports of the justices of a licensing district under this Act, and for consultation with those justices as to their reports, and for the time and manner of the consideration of those reports and of the payment of compensation; and

(b) provide for the enforcement of any security given for

money borrowed, and for the time, not exceeding fifteen years, within which money borrowed is to be replaced; and

(c) regulate the management and application of the compensation fund and the audit of the accounts of quarter sessions; and

(d) provide for constituting, where requisite, committees of

quarter sessions standing committees, and for the employment of officers for the purposes of this Act; and

(e) regulate the procedure of quarter sessions on the consideration of the reports of justices of a licensing district under this Act and on any hearing under this Act with reference to the refusal of the renewal of on licences or the approval or division of the amount to be paid as compensation; and

(f) provide for the authentication of auy documents on behalf of quarter sessions or their committees.

7. Quarter sessions, with respect to their own action and that of the justices of licensing districts under this Act, and the confirming authority, with respect to new licences granted under this Act, shall in each year make such returns to the Secretary of State as the Secretary of State may require.

8. — (1) The area of quarter sessions for a county shall for the purposes of this Act include any borough (not being, a county borough) or any part thereof which is locally situated in that county.

(2) This Act shall apply to a county borough as if it were a county, with the substitution for quarter sessions of the whole body of justices acting in and for the borough.

75

1904s. Licensing Act, 1004. Ch. 23.

(3) The City of London for the purposes of this Act shall he deemed to be a county borough.

9. — (1) The provisions of this Act shall apply to the transfer Application of ct* an existing on licence as they apply to the renewal of an Act to special •existing on licence, with the substitution of transfer for renewal, terpretntion

(2) If the justices of a licensing district refuse to renew an existing on licence on the ground that the holder of the licence has persistently and unreasonably refused to supply suitable refreshment (other than intoxicating liquor) at a reasonable price, or on the ground that the holder of the licence has failed to fulfil any reasonable undertaking given to the justices on the grant or renewal of the licence, the justices shall be deemed to have refused the licence on the ground that the premises had been ill-conducted:

Provided that where the justices, on an application for the renewal of an existing on licence, ask the licence holder to give an undertaking as aforesaid, they shall adjourn the hearing of the application and cause notice of the required undertaking to be

jr of the premises and give him

Wine and Beerhouse Act, 1869, 32 & 83 Vict, and section seven of the Wine and Beerhouse Amendment Act, c*27

1870, are hereby repealed, and, in the application of this Act to 83 vict* licences to which the said section nineteen extends, the grounds c*a9" mentioned in section eight of the Wine and Beerhouse Act, 1869, shall be substituted for the grounds mentioned in this Act as the grounds on which the power to refuse the renewal of an existing on licence is reserved to the justices of a licensing district.

(4) In this Act —

The expression "county " includes any riding, part or division of a county having a separate commission 6f the peace and a separate court of quarter sessions; and

The expression "quarter sessions" means, as respects a county, the court of quarter sessions for that county:

Provided that, where quarter sessions have customarily been held separately by adjournment or otherwise for any part of a county as defined by this Act, the Secretary of State may by order, on the application of the justices sitting at each such separate sessions, constitute for the purposes of this Act any part of the county, for which quarter sessions are for the time being so separately held, a separate county, and the justices usually sitting at such separate quarter sessions a separate quarter sessions, and make all necessary provisions for the administration of the Act in such a case:

The expression "on licence" means a licence for the sale of any intoxicating liquor (other than wine alone or sweets alone) for consumption on the premises, and the expression "new on licence " shall be construed accordingly; and the expression "existing on licence", means an on licence in force at the date of the passing of this Act and includes a licence granted by way-of

served upon the registered oi an opportunity of being heard. (3) Section nineteen of tl

76

Ch. 23.

Licensing Act, 1904. 4 Edw. 7.

9 Geo. 4. c. 61.

Short title, construction and commencement.

Section 3.

43 & 44 Vict# c. 20.

renewal from time to time of a licence so in force, whether such licence continues to be held by the same person or has been or may be transferred to any other person or persons:

Provided that, where a provisional grant and order of confirmation of an on licence has been made before the passing of this Act under section twenty-two of the Licensing Act, 1874, and is subsequently declared to be final under that section, the licence shall, although not in force at the date of the passing of this Act, be deemed to be an existing on licence:

The expression "transfer" means a transfer under section four or section fourteen of the Alehouse Act, 1828.

10. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Licensing Act, 1904, and may be cited and shall be construed as one with the Licensing Acts, 1828 to 1902.

(2) This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January nineteen hundred and five.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland.

SCHEDULES.

SCHEDULE I.

Scale op Maximum Charges.

Annual Value of Premises to be taken as for the purpose of the Publican’s Licence Doty. Maximum Rate of Charge.

£ £ £ 8. d.

Under 15 - - 1 0 0

15 and under 20 2 0 0

20, It 25 3 0 0

25, >> 30 - - 4 0 0

30, 4 40 6 0 0

40, ff 50 10 0 0

50, t» 100 15 0 0

100, if 200 20 0 0

200, 99 300 30 0 0

300, 91 400 - - 40 0 0

400, 99 500 50 0 0

500, 99 600 60 0 0

600, M 700 ... 70 0 0

700, If 800 80 0 0

800, 99 900 90 0 0

900 and over - 100 0 0 '

The rate of charge in the case of an hotel or other premises, to which subsection (4) of section forty-three of the Inland Revenue Act, 1880, applies, shall be one-third of that charged in other cases, and, in the case of any licensed premises which are certified by the justices of the licensing

1904.

Licensing 1904. Ch. 23, 24.

77

district on the application of the holder of the licence to be used only as public gardens, picture galleries, exhibitions, places of public or private entertainment, railway refreshment rooms, bon& fide restaurants or eating houses, or for any other purpose to which the holding of a licence is merely auxiliary, such rate, not less than one-third of that charged in other cases, as the justices think proper under the circumstances.

SCHEDULE II. ScaLE of Deductions.

whose unexpired ] 1 1 year may deduct j 100

oes not exceed - J 1 a sum equal to - J 2 years > 88

3 99 82

4 99 76

5 99 70

6 99 65

7 99 60

8 99 55

9 99 50

10 99 45

11 99 41

12 99 37

13 99 33

14 99 29

15 99 25

16 99 23

17 99 21

18 99 19

19 99 17

20 99 15

21 99 14

22 99 13

23 99 12

24 99 11

25 99 10

25 but does not] exceed J I 30 years 7

30, 35 99 6

35 40 99 5

40, 45 99 4

45, 50 99 3

50, 55 99 2

55, 60 99 1

charge.

99

99

But the amount deducted shall in no case exceed half the rent.

CHAPTER 24.

An Act to provide for the regulation of Wireless Telegraphy.

[15th August 1904.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Section 3.

78

' Wireless Telegraphy 1904.

4 Edw. 7, .

Licences for wireless telegraphy.

57 & 58 Vict,

c. 60.

CH. 24;

1. — (1) A person shall not establish any wireless- telegraph station or instal or work any apparatus for wireless telegraphy in any place or oh board any British ship, except under and in accordance with a licence granted in that behalf by the Postmaster-General.

(2) Every such licence shall be in such form and for such period as the Postmaster-General may determine and shall contain the terms, conditions and restrictions on and subject to which the licence is granted, and any such licence may include two or more stations, places or ships.

(3) If any person establishes a wireless telegraph station without a licence in that behalf, or instals or works any apparatus for wireless telegraphy without a licence in that behalf, he shall be guilty of a misdemeanour and be liable, on conviction under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts, to a penalty not exceeding ten pounds and, on conviction on indictment, to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, or to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for a term not exceeding twelve months, and in either case be liable to forfeit any apparatus for wireless telegraphy installed or worked without a licence, but no proceedings shall be taken against any person under this Act except by order of the Postmaster*General, the Admiralty, the Army Council or the Board of Trade.

(4) If a justice of the peace is satisfied by information on oath that there is reasonable ground for supposing that a wireless telegraph station has been established without a licence in that behalf, or that any apparatus for wireless telegraphy has been installed or worked in any place or on board any ship within his-jurisdiction without a licence in that behalf, he may grant a search warrant to any police officer or any officer appointed in that behalf by the Postmaster-General, the Admiralty, the Army Council or the Board of Trade and named in the warrant, and a warrant so granted shall authorise the officer named therein to enter and inspect the station, place or ship and to seiae any apparatus which appears to him to be used or intended to be used for wireless telegraphy therein;

(5) Sections six hundred and eighty-four, six hundred and eighty-five and six hundred and eighty-six of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894 (which relate to the jurisdiction of courts and justices), and section six hundred and ninety-three of the same Act (Which relates to distress for sums ordered to be paid by masters and owners of ships), shall apply to the jurisdiction of courts and justices in respect of ships and to distress under this Act.

(6) The Postmaster-General may make regulations for prescribing the form and manner in which applications for licences under. this Act are to be made and, with the consent, of the Treasury, the fees payable on the grant of any such licence;

(7) The expression ‘‘ wireless telcgraphy r meansrany system of communication by telegraph as defined in the .Telegraph* Acts, 1863 to 1904, 'Without- the aid of «my wire connectieg. the points from and at which the messages or other communications are sent

1904.

Wireless Telegraphy Act, 1904. Ch. 24.

79

and received: Provided that nothing in this Act shall prevent any person from making or using electrical apparatus for actuating machinery or for any purpose1 other than the transmission of messages.

2. — (1) Where the applicant for a licence proves to the satis- Licences for faction of the Postmaster-General that the sole object of obtaining

the licence is, to enable him to conduct experiments in wireless pHrp0Bes’ e' telegraphy, a licence for that purpose shall be granted, subject to such special terms, conditions and restrictions as the Postmaster-General may think proper, but shall not be subject to any rent or royalty.

(2) Where an applicant for a licence satisfies the Postmaster-General that a wireless telegraph station is to be used solely for the transmission of telegrams, which are within the first or second exception from the exclusive privilege of transmitting telegrams conferred upon the Postmaster-General by the Telegraph Act, 1869, 32 & 33 Vict, a licence for that purpose, if granted, shall not be subject to any c. 37.

rent or royalty.

(3) It shall be lawful for the Postmaster-General, due regard being had to the maintenance and exercise of effective control over wireless telegraphy, to grant special licences at reduced terms for the establishment and working, of wireless telegraph stations, to be used exclusively for the transmission within the United Kingdom of news to public registered newspapers. A schedule of all reduced rents or royalties imposed by any special licences shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament Within fourteen days of the commencement of the session next1 succeeding the grant of any such licences.

[Short title. and *]

3. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Wireless Telegraphy Act, 1904, and may be cited with the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to extent.

1904.

(2) This Act shall extend to the whole of the British Islands and to all British ships in the territorial waters abutting on the coast of the British Islands, and the Royal Courts of the Channel Islands shall register this Act accordingly.

(3) His Majesty in Council may order that this Act shall, subject to any conditions* exceptions and qualifications contained in the order, apply during the continuance of the order to British ships whilst on the high seas.

(4) A person shall not work any apparatus for wireless

telegraphy installed on a foreign ship whilst -that ship is in territorial waters, otherwise than in accordance with regulations made in that behalf by the Postmaster-General, and the Postmaster-General may, by any such regulations, impose penalties recoverable summarily for the breach of any such regulations, not exceeding ten pounds for each offence, and may provide fot* the forfeiture on any such breach of any apparatus for Wireless telegraphy installed or worked on such ship. Save as afdi^said, nothing in this Act shall apply to the working of apparkttfs fot wirfeless telegraphy installed oh any foreign ship.

80 Ch. 24, 25. Wireless Telegraphy Act, 1904. 4 Edw. 7.

Application of Act to Scotland.

Application of Act to Channel Islands and Isle of Man.

Duration of Act.

Increased duties on certain kinds of tobacco.

61 & 62 Vict. c. 27.

Continuance of additional duties on tobacco, tea, spirits, ale and

hppr

63 & 64 Vict. c. 31.

4. In the application of this Act to Scotland the expression "misdemeanour" means crime and offence.

5. In the application of this Act to the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man —

(1) The lieutenant governor of the Island of Jersey or the

Island of Guernsey and the governor, lieutenant governor or deputy governor of the Isle of Man, as the case may require, shall be substituted for the Board of Trade:

(2) Offences may be prosecuted, fines recovered, proceedings

taken and search warrants issued in such courts and in such manner as may for the time being be provided in the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man by law, or, if no express provision is made, then in and before the courts and in the manner in which the like offences, fines, proceedings and warrants may be prosecuted, recovered, taken or issued therein by law, or as near thereto as circumstances admit, and the bailiff or his lieutenant, or any jurat of the Royal Court in the Island of Jersey or the Island of Guernsey, and the judge or any jurat of the Court of Alderney, and the high bailiff or two justices of the peace in the Isle of Man, shall respectively be substituted for a justice of the peace.

6. This Act shall continue in force until the thirty-first day of July nineteen hundred and six and no longer, unless Parliament otherwise determines.

CHAPTER 25.

An Act to amend the Law with respect to Customs Duties in the Isle of Man.

[15th August 1904.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The duties of Customs payable under section one of the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1898, on manufactured tobacco shall as from the twenty-ninth day of April, nineteen hundred and four, be increased in the case of cigars by sixpence per pound and in the case of cigarettes by one shilling per pound.

2. The additional duties of Customs on tobacco, tea and spirits removed or imported into the Isle of Man, imposed by section one of the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1900, and the additional duty on ale and beer removed or imported into the Isle of Man, imposed by, the second paragraph of section two of that Act, shall continue to be charged, levied and paid as from the first day of August,

1904. Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1904. Ch. 25, 26, 27. 81

nineteen hundred and four, until the first day of August, nineteen hundred and five.

[Short title.]

3. This Act may be cited as the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1904.

CHAPTER 26.

An Act to amend the Indian Councils Act, 1874.

[15th August 1904.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. In section one of the Indian Councils Act, 1874, the Repeal of words "who shall be called the member of council for public works purposes" and in section two of the same Act the words 91> lc' " for public works purposes " are hereby repealed.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Indian Councils Act, 1904.

CHAPTER 27.

An Act to authorise the transfer to the Secretary for Scotland of certain powers and duties under the Acts relating to Reformatory and Industrial Schools.

[15th August 1904.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) The Secretary of State may, with the concurrence of Oners tot the Treasury and the Secretary for Scotland, make orders transferring to, or making exerciseable by, the Secretary for Scotland Scotland all or any of the powers and duties of the Secretary of State certain powers under any of the Acts, general or local, relating to reformatory ^JnStoL and industrial schools, so far as those powers and duties relate and industrial to or are exerciseable in Scotland. schools.

(2) Orders made under this section shall be forthwith laid before Parliament, and the Rules Publication Act, 1893, shall, not- 56 & 57 Vict, withstanding subsection five of section one of that Act, apply to 66* them as statutory rules, and publication in the Edinburgh Gazette of the notice required by the said section one shall be requisite In addition to publication in the London Gazette.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Secretary for Scotland Act, 1904, and may be cited with the Secretary for Scotland Acts, 1885 to 1889.

F

Weights and Measures, 1904.

4 Edw. 7.

82

Ch. 28.

CHAPTER 28.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Weights and Measures.

[15th August 1904.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Weights and Measures Acts, 1878 and 1889:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty", by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Weights and Measures Act, 1904.

[Construction.]

2. This Act shall be construed as one with the Weights and

41 & 42 Vict. Measures Acts, 1878 and 1889, and the Weights and Measures-c. 49. Acts, 1878 to 1897, and this Act may be cited collectively as the

c22L.5 Vict Weights and Measures Acts, 1878 to 1904.

Definitions. 3. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires —

The expression "the Weights and Measures Acts" means

the Weights and Measures Acts, 1878 and 1889, and this Act:

The expression "the principal Act" means the Weights and Measures Act, 1878:

The expression "the Act of 1889" means the Weights and Measures Act, 1889.

[Commencement.]

4* This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January one thousand nine hundred and five.

Powers of 5. — (1) The Board of Trade may make general regulations

Board of Trade (herein-after referred to as "the Board of Trade regulations") "g'SlSST1 with respect to-

(a) the verification and stamping of weights and measures and weighing and measuring instruments, including the prohibition of stamping in cases where the nature, denomination, material or principle of construction of the weight, measure or instrument appears likely to facilitate the perpetration of fraud; and

(b) the circumstances and conditions under which and the manner in which stamps may be obliterated or defaced; and

(c) the tests to be applied for the purpose of ascertaining the accuracy and efficiency of weights and measures and weighing and measuring instruments; and

(d) the limits of error to be allowed on verification and to be. tolerated on inspection either generally or as respects any trade;

and generally for the guidance of local authorities in the execution and performance of their powers and duties under the Weights and Measures Acts.

1904.

Weights and Measures, 1904. Ch. 28.

83

(2) Any such regulations may confer on local authorities power to make special regulations as respects their areas in relation to the inspection of weights and measures and weighing instruments and to other matters which, having due regard to uniformity of administration, appear to the Board of Trade to be matters which can be better regulated by special regulations.

(3) The Board of Trade regulations shall, as soon as may be after they are made, be laid before Parliament and shall have effect as if enacted in this Act.

(4) If any inspector refuses or wilfully neglects to act in compliance with the Board of Trade regulations, he shall be guilty of an offence under section forty-nine of the principal Act.

(5) As from the date when the Board of Trade regulations first made under this section come into force, the enactments mentioned in Part I. of the schedule to this Act shall be repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that schedule, and any general regulations and byelaws made thereunder shall cease to have effect.

6. It shall be the duty of the Board of Trade to examine Power of and test, with reference to the material of which and the principle ^)ardtf^de on which they are constructed, all such patterns of weights and tificatesofsuit-measures and weighing or measuring instruments for use for trade ability for u«e as may be submitted to them by local authorities or manufacturers ^aPP1, ances> of or dealers in weights, measures or weighing or measuring instruments. If upon such examination any such pattern is found

not to be such as to facilitate the perpetration of fraud, the Board of Trade shall give a certificate to that effect and shall cause such pattern to be stamped with an appropriate mark, and from and after the granting of such certificate an inspector shall not refuse to verify or stamp any weight or measure or weighing or measuring instrument made in accordance with that pattern on the ground that the material or principle of construction is such as to facilitate the perpetration of fraud. If upon such examination the Board of Trade decline to give such a certificate as aforesaid, no weight or measure or weighing or measuring instrument made in accordance with such pattern shall be deemed legal, and no inspector shall verify or stamp any such weight, measure or instrument.

The power to take fees conferred by section eight of the Act of 1889 shall extend to the taking of fees for examinations and tests made under this section.

7. — (1) If any difference arises between any inspector of Powers of weights and measures and any other person as to the meaning Board of Trade or construction of the Board of Trade regulations or as to the ^estioiTM method of testing or verifying any weight, measure, weighing or measuring instrument, such difference shall, on the request of

either party, be determined by the Board of Trade, whose decision shall be final.

(2) The court before whom any proceedings under the Weights and Measures Acts are being taken shall, at the request of either party, and may, if they think fit to do so, without any such request, refer to the Board of Trade the question of the accuracy

84

Weights and Measures Act, 1904. 4 Edw. 7.

Ch. 28.

87 & 38 Vict. c. 40.

Qualification for appointment as inspector of weights and measures.

Fees for verification and stamping.

Forging of stamps.

or efficiency of any weight, ' measure or weighing or measuring instrument, the accuracy or efficiency of which is in dispute, and the decision of the Board of Trade shall be final; and any expenses incurred by the Board of Trade in making any test for the purpose shall be paid by the complainant or defendant as the court may by order direct.

(3) The Board of Trade Arbitrations, &c. Act, 1874, shall apply as if this Act were a special Act within the meaning of the first-mentioned Act

8. — (1) The Board of Trade shall provide for the holding of examinations, for the purpose of ascertaining whether applicants for the post of inspector under a local authority nominated by that authority possess sufficient practical knowledge for the proper performance of the duties of inspectors of weights and measures, and for the grant of certificates to persons who satisfactorily pass such examinations.

4 (2) A person shall not be appointed to act as an inspector of weights and measures unless he has obtained such a certificate as aforesaid, and the appointment of any person as inspector made after the commencement of the Act of 1889 but before the commencement of this Act shall, unless before the commencement of this Act he has obtained a certificate under section eleven of the Act of 1889, be null and void.

(3) If any person not being an inspector duly appointed under the Weights and Measures Acts acts as such inspector, or if any person having been appointed an inspector after the commencement of the Act of 1889 acts as an inspector without having obtained a certificate either under section eleven of that Act or under this section, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding ten pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent offence twenty pounds.

(4) Subsection three of section eleven of the Act of 1889 shall apply to the charging and application of fees in respect of examinations under this section, and subsections one and two of the said section eleven shall be repealed.

9. It shall be lawful for His Majesty, by Order in Council, to specify new fees to be paid in respect of the verification and stamping of weights, measures and weighing and measuring instruments in substitution for the fees specified in the First Schedule to the Act of 1889, and, as from the date on which the Order in Council comes into operation, the enactment mentioned in Part II. of the Schedule to this Act shall be repealed to the extent specified in the third column to that schedule. Any Order in Council so made may be varied or revoked by a subsequent Order in Council.

10. — (1) Any person who removes a stamp from any weight or measure or weighing or measuring instrument and inserts the same into another weight or measure or weighing or measuring instrument shall be deemed to forge or counterfeit a stamp within the meaning of section thirty-two of the principal Act

1904. Weights and Measures Act, 1904. Ch. 28. 85

(2) Such of the provisions of the said section as impose penalties on any person who wilfully increases or diminishes a weight after it has been stamped, or who knowingly uses, sells, ntters, disposes of or exposes for sale a weight so increased or diminished, shall apply to measures in like manner as they apply to weights.

n. Nothing in the enactments referred to in the Fourth Explanation of Schedule to the Act of 1889 shall render any baker or seller of M10 bread, or journeyman servant or other person employed by such baker or seller of bread, liable to any forfeiture or penalty for weighing any bread conveyed or carried out in any cart or other carriage by means of any of the instruments for weighing included in the definition " weighing instrument " in section thirty-five of the Act of 1889.

12. The provisions of section forty-four of the principal Act Verification shall apply to the verification and stamping, in accordance with Jnd1*(2^ng the Board of Trade regulations, of weighing instruments used for Rectors of trade in like manner as they apply to the verification and stamping weights and of weights and measures, and for the purposes of those provisions mea8Ures-as so amended any person having his principal place of business

within any district shall be deemed to reside in that district, although he in fact is not resident there.

13. — (1) Section twenty-eight of the principal Act shall have Amendments, effect as if in the second paragraph thereof the words "length or "

were inserted before the word "capacity."

(2) Subsection four of section fifty-seven of the principal Act shall have effect as if the words "unless such informer is an inspector of weights and measures " were inserted after the word ‘ informer."

(3) In section four of the Act of 1889 the word "any" shall be substituted for the words "second or subsequent."

(4) Section seven of the Act of 1889 shall have effect as if before the words "provide for" there were inserted the words "and " if so directed by the Board of Trade shall."

(5) In section thirteen of the Act of 1889 for the words "no " discount shall be allowed" there shall be substituted the words "no discount commission or rebate of any kind shall be given nor " any allowance made by such inspector or by the local authority " for the use of tools, premises, machinery or instruments or assistance rendered for the purposes of such verification and stamping,

" except when such verification and stamping take place on the " premises of a glass or earthenware manufacturer, in which case " such adequate and reasonable allowance as may be agreed upon " by the local authority, with the consent of the Board of Trade,

" may be made in respect of such use or assistance as aforesaid."

14. An inspector of weights and measures may, with the con- Power for in-sent of the local authority, prosecute before a court of summary spectors to jurisdiction or justices any information, complaint or proceeding prosecu e* arising under the Weights and Measures Acts or in the discharge of his duties as such inspector.

8' Ch. 28, 29. Weights and Measures , 1904. 4 Edw. 7.

15. Section forty-five of the principal Act shall apply to s.«, as to weigh- weighing instruments in like manner as it applies to weights and

ing instruments. meagures

Amendment of 16. The definition of weighing instrument " in section %3 & 53 Vict thirty-five of the Act of 1889 shall include a weighing instrument c. 21. 1C constructed to also calculate and indicate the price in money.

SCHEDULE.

Section 5.

Section 9.

Part I.

Enactments repealed as from the Date when Board of Trade Regulations first made come into Force.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Extent of Repeal.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 49. The Weights and Measures Act, 1878. Section thirty. In section forty-three the words "and where they _ appoint " more than odo such inspector " shall allot to each inspector, " subject to any arrangement " made for a chief inspector or " inspectors, a separate district " to he distinguished by some " name, number or mark.’* Section fifty-three.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 21. The Weights and Measures Act, 1889. Section nine.

Part II.

Enactment repealed as from the Date when Order in Council fixing new Fees comes into Force.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Extent of Repeal.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 21. The Weights and Measures Act, 1889. First Schedule.

Chapter 29.

An Act to continue various Expiring Laws.

[15th August 1904.]

WHEREAS the Acts mentioned in the Schedule to this Act are, in so far as they are in force and are temporary in their duration, limited to expire on the thirty-first day of December nineteen hundred and four:

1904. Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1904. Ch. 29. > 87

And whereas it is expedient to provide for the continuance as in this Act mentioned of those Acts and of the enactments amending or affecting the same:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) The Acts mentioned in the Schedule to this Act shall, to Continuance the extent specified in column three of that Schedule, be continued ^A^t8, in until the thirty-first day of December nineteen hundred and five 80 e' and shall then expire, unless further continued.

(2) Any unrepealed enactments amending or affecting the enactments continued by this Act shall, in so far as they are temporary in their duration, be continued in like manner, whether they are mentioned in the Schedule to this Act or not.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1904.

SCHEDULE.

[Short Title.]

1. Session and Chapter. 2. 3. How far continued. 4. Amending Acts.

0.)

5 & 6 Will. 4. The Linen Manufactures The whole Act 8 & 4 Vict. c. 91.

c. 27. (Ireland) Act, 1835. 5 & 6 Vict c. 68. 7 & 8 Vict. c. 47. 80 & 31 Vict. c. 60.

(2)

8 & 4 Vict. c. 89. The Poor Hate Exemption Act, 1840. The whole Act.

(3.)

4 & 5 Vict. The Ordnance Survey The whole Act 83 Vict. c. 18.

c. 30. Act, 1841. 47 & 48 Vict c. 48. 52 & 53 Vict. c. 30.

(4.)

10 & 11 Vict. The Ecclesiastical Juris- As to the provisions.

c. 98. diction Act, 1847. continued by 21 & 22 Vict. c. 50.

(5.)

14 & 15 Vict. The Episcopal and Capi- The whole Act 17 & 18 Vict. c. 116.

c. 104. tular Estates Act, 1851. 21 & 22 Vict. c. 94. 22 & 23 Vict. c. 46. 23 & 24 Vict. c. 124. 81 & 82 Vict. c. 114. 8. 10.

(6.)

17 & 18 Vict. The Corrupt Practices So much as is con- 26 & 27 Vict. c. 29.

c. 102. Prevention Act, 1854. tinued by the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. 8. 6. 31 & 82 Vict. c. 125. 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

(7.)

23 & 24 Vict. c. 19. The Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1860. The whole Act.

Cs. 29.

Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1904. 4 Edw. 7.

[Short Title.]

1. Session and Chapter. 2. 3. How far continued. 4. Amending Acts.

(8.) 45 & 46 Vict. c. 61.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 105. The Promissory Notes Act, 1863. The whole Act

(9.)

27 & 28 Vict, c. 20. The Promissory Notes (Ireland) Act, 1864. The whole Act.

(10.) 45 & 46 Vict. c. 49.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 46. The Militia (Ballot Suspension) Act, 1865. The whole Act

(H.)

28 & 29 Vict. The Locomotives Act, The whole Act 41 & 42 Vict. c. 5ft,

c. 83. 1865. 41 & 42 Vict. c. 77. (Part II.) 59 & 60 Vict. c. 36. 61 & 62 Vict. c. 29.

(12.)

29 & 30 Vict, c. 52. The Prosecutions Expenses Act, 1866. The whole Act.

(13.)

31 & 82 Vict. The Parliamentary Elec- So much as is con- 42 & 43 Vict. c. 75.

c. 125. tions Act, 1868. tinued by the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

(14.)

82 & 33 Vict. c. 21. The Corrupt Practices Commission Expenses Act, 1869. The whole Act 34 & 35 Vict. C. 61.

(15.)

32 & S3 Vict. The Endowed Schools As to the powers of 36 & 37 Vict. c. 87.

c. 56. Act, 1869. making schemes. 87 & 38 Vict. c. 87. 52 & 53 Vict. c. 40.

(16.)

33 & 34 Vict. The Glebe Loan (Ireland) The whole Act 34 & 35 Vict. c. 100.

c. 112. Act, 1870. 49 Vict. c. 6.

(17.)

84 & 35 Vict. c. 87. The Sunday Observation Prosecution Act, 1871. The whole Act.

(18.)

85 & 36 Vict. c. 33. The Ballot Act, 1872 - The whole Act 45 & 46 Vict. c. 50. (Municipal Elections).

(19.)

88 & 39 Vict. The Parliamentary Elec- The whole Act 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

c. 84. tions (Returning Officers) Act, 1875. s.32. 48 & 49 Vict. c. 62. 49 & 50 Vict. c. 57.

(20.)

39 & 40 Vict. The Jurors Qualification The whole Act 57 & 58 Vict. c. 49.

c. 21. (Ireland) Act, 1876. 6J & 62 Vict. c. 37. s. 69.

on.)

41 & 42 Vict The Parliamentary Elec- The whole Act 48 & 49 Vict. C. 68.

c. 41. tions Returning Officers Expenses (Scotland) Act, 1878. 49 & 50 Vict. c. 58. 54 & 55 Vict. c. 49.

1904.

Expiring Laws Continuance, 1904. Ch. 29.

1. 2. 8. 4.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. How far continued. Amending Acts.

(22.)

41 & 42 Vict. c. 72.

(23.)

43 Vict. c. 18.

(24.)

43 & 44 Vict. c. 42.

(25.)

44 & 45 Vict. c. 5.

(26.)

46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

(27.)

46 & 47 Vict. c. 60.

(28.)

47 & 48 Vict. c. 70.

49 &^50 Vict, c. 29.

(30.)

1 & 52 Vict. c. 55.

(31.)

52 & 53 Vict, c. 40.

(32.)

58 & 59 Vict,

c. 21.

(33.)

59 Vict. c. 1.

(34.)

59 & 60 Vict c. 48.

(35.)

61 & 62 Vict. c. 49.

The Sale of Liquors on Sunday (Ireland) Act, 1878.

The Parliamentary Elections and Corrupt Practices Act, 1880.

The Employers’ Liability Act, 1880.

The Peace Preservation (Ireland) Act, 1881.

The Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883.

The Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883.

The Municipal Elections (Corrupt and Illegal Practices) Act, 1884.

The Crofters Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1886.

The Sand Grouse Protection Act, 1888.

The Welsh Intermediate Education Act, 1889.

The Seal Fisheries (North Pacific) Act, 1895.

The Local Government (Elections) Act, 1896.

The Light Railways Act, 1896.

The Vaccination Act, 1898

The whole Act.

The whole Act

The whole Act.

The whole Act

The whole Act

The whole Act

The whole Act

As to the powers of the Commissioners for the enlargement of holdings, s. 22.

The whole Act.

As to the powers of the joint education committee and the suspension of the powers of the Charity Commissioners.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

As to the powers of the Light Railway Commissioners.

The whole Act.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

49 & 50 Vict t. 24.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 20.

58 & 59 Vict c. 40.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 77.

49 & 50 Vict. c. 59. 54 & 55 Vict. c. 48.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 71.

55 & 56 Vict. c. 7. 59 & 60 Vict. c. 53. 61 & 62 Vict. c. 37. 3 Edw. 7. c. 37.

Part IV.

56 & 57 Vict. c. 73.

50 & 51 Vict c. 24.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 63. 54 & 55 Vict. c. 41.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 60.

90 Ch. 30. Bishoprics of Southwark and Birmingham Edw. 7.

Act, 1904.

Application of 41 & 42 Vict. c. 68.

[Short title.]

CHAPTER 30.

An Act to provide for the foundation of Bishoprics of Southwark and Birmingham and for matters incidental thereto.

[15th August 1904.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty t by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Bishoprics Act, 1878 (in this Act referred to as the principal Act), including the repealed portions thereof, shall, subject to the modifications set forth in the First Schedule to this Act, have effect for the purpose of the foundation of new bishoprics of Southwark and Birmingham as if the Second Schedule to this Act were substituted for the schedule to the principal Act and as if the principal Act had been passed at the date of the passing of this Act.

2. This Act may be cited as the Bishoprics of Southwark and Birmingham Act, 1904.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Modifications of Principal Act.

1. A scheme made under section seven of the principal Act —

(a) may provide for the re-arrangement of the boundaries of the new dioceses and of any dioceses contiguous thereto (including the diocese of Hereford) and of the patronage of the bishops of those dioceses and, as incidental to any re-arrangement of the boundaries of the bishopric of Rochester, for the transfer from the bishop of Worcester, with his consent, of the patronage of the benefices of Bromley, Chislehurst and Dartford to the bishop of Rochester and, in relation to any re-arrangement of boundaries, may make any necessary provision for the transfer of any terriers, tithe apportionment, maps, plans and other documents; and

(b) shall, as regards the bishopric of Southwark, provide for the existing residence of the bishop of Rochester becoming the residence of the bishop of Southwark and for the payment of the surplus arising from the sale of Addington to the endowment fund of the bishopric of Southwark, after setting aside the sum of fifteen thousand pounds for the provision and maintenance of a residence for the bishop of Rochester.

2. The trust to make good to the contributory bishopric the transferred portion of the endowment or income of that bishopric, under section eight of the principal Act, shall not apply in the case of the new bishopric of Southwark; and, in calculating the annual value of the endowment fund of the bishopric of Southwark for the purpose of section four of the principal Act, the estimated annual value of the part of the surplus arising from the sale of Addington to be paid to that fund under this Act shall be included in that fund.

91

1904. Bishoprics of Southwark and Birmingham Ch. 30, 31.

Act, 1904.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Proposal for New Bishoprics.

I. — Bishopric of Southwark.

1. The bishop to be bishop of Southwark.

2. The diocese to consist of the rural deaneries of Greenwich, Lewisham, Woolwich, Battersea, Camberwell, Clapham, Dulwich (except the parishes within the Urban District of Penge), Kennington, Lambeth, Newington, Southwark, Barnes, Beddington, Caterham, Gods tone, Kingston, Iteigate, Richmond, Streatham and Wandsworth and of such other parishes as may be transferred to the diocese in pursuance of this Act.

3. The church of St. Saviour in Southwark, subject to the rights of the patron and incumbent of that church, to be the cathedral church.

4. Subject to the rights enjoyed by any person at the passing of this Act, there shall be transferred to the endowment fund of the bishopric of Southwark such portion of the endowment or income of the bishopric of Rochester as will reduce that endowment or* income from the annual sum of four thousand five hundred pounds to the annual sum of four thousand pounds, irrespective of tenths or first fruits.

5. The bishop to be subject to the metropolitan jurisdiction of the Archbishop of Canterbury.

II. — Bishopric of Birmingham.

1. The bishop to be the bishop of Birmingham.

2. The diocese to consist of the archdeaconry of Birmingham and the rural deanery of Handsworth and of such other parishes as may be transferred to the diocese in pursuance of this Act.

3. Such church in Birmingham as may be determined by the Order of His Majesty in Council, subject to the rights of the patron and incumbent of that church, to be the cathedral church.

4. Subject to the rights enjoyed by any person at the passing of this Act, there shall be transferred to the endowment fund of the bishopric of Birmingham such portion of the endowment or income of the bishopric of Worcester as will reduce that endowment or income from the annual sum of five thousand pounds to the annual sum of four thousand two hundred pounds, irrespective of tenths or first fruits.

5. The bishop to be subject to the metropolitan jurisdiction of the Archbishop of Canterbury.

CHAPTER 31.

An Act to provide for the Early Closing of Shops.

[15th August 1904.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

92

Closing order.

Contents and effect of order.

Procedure for making orders.

Ch. 81. Shop Hours Act, 1904. 4 Edw. 7.

1. An order (in this Act referred to as " a closing order *’) made by a local authority and confirmed by the central authority, in manner provided by this Act, may fix the hours on the saveral days of the week at which, either throughout the area of the local authority or in any specified part thereof, all shops or shops, of any specified class are to be closed for serving customers.

2. — (1) The hour fixed by a closing order (in this Act referred to as "the closing hour ") shall not be earlier than seven o’clock in the evening on any day of the week, except that on one specified day in the week it may be an hour not earlier than one o’clock in the afternoon.

(2) A closing order may prohibit, either absolutely or subject to such exemptions and conditions as may be contained in the order, the carrying on of any retail trade after the closing hour in any place, not being a shop, within the area to which the order applies, for the carrying on of which it would be unlawful to keep a shop open after that hour.

(3) The order may —

(a) define the shops and trades to which the order applies;

and

(b) authorise sales after the closing hour in cases of emergency and in such other circumstances as may be specified or indicated in the order; and

(c) contain any incidental, supplemental or consequential provisions which may appear necessary or proper.

(4) Nothing in a closing order shall apply to any fair lawfully held or a bazaar for charitable purposes nor to any shop where the only trade or business carried on is one or more of the trades or businesses mentioned in the schedule to this Act.

(5) Where several trades and businesses are carried on in the same shop and any of those trades or businesses are of such a nature that if they were the only trades or businesses carried on in the shop the closing order would not apply to the shop, the shop may be kept open after the closing hour for the purposes of those trades and businesses alone, but on such terms and under such conditions as may be specified in the order:

Provided that the terms and conditions as respects post office business shall be subject to the approval of the Postmaster-General.

3. — (1) Whenever a local authority are satisfied that a prima facie case is made out for making a closing order, the authority shall give public notice, in the prescribed manner and in the prescribed form, of their intention to make an order, specifying therein a period (not being less than the prescribed period) within which objections may be made to the making of the proposed order and, if, after taking into consideration any objections they may have received, the local authority are satisfied that it is expedient to make the order and that the occupiers of at least two-thirds in number of the shops to be affected by the order approve the order, they may make the order.

1904.

Shop Hours , 1904. Ch. 31. 93

(2) Notice of the provisions of the order shall be given and copies thereof shall be supplied in the prescribed manner, and the order shall be submitted to the central authority, and the central authority shall consider any objections to the order and may either disallow the order or confirm the order with or without amendment.

(3) As soon as the central authority have confirmed any order, the order shall become final and have the effect of an Act of Parliament:

Provided that every closing order shall be laid before each House of Parliament as soon as may be after it is confirmed, and* if an address is presented to His Majesty by either House within the next subsequent forty days on which that House has sat after any such order is laid before it praying that the order may be cancelled, His Majesty in Council may annul the order, and any order so annulled shall thenceforth become void and of no effect, but without prejudice to any proceedings which may in the meantime have been taken under the order and without prejudice to the power of making any new closing order.

4. The central authority may at any time on the application of the local authority revoke a closing order either absolutely or so far as it affects any particular class of shops, and, if at any time it is made to appear to the satisfaction of the local authority that the occupiers of a majority of any class of shops to which a closing order applies are opposed to the continuance of the order,

' the local authority shall apply to the central authority to revoke the order in so far as it affects that class of shops, but any’ such revocation shall be without prejudice to the making of any new closing order.

5. If any person contravenes the provisions of a closing order he shall be liable, on conviction under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts, to a fine not exceeding in the case of a first offence one pound, in the case of a second offence five pounds and in the case of a third or subsequent offence twenty pounds:

Provided that nothing in this Act or in any order shall render a person liable to any penalty for serving after the closing hour any customer who was in the shop before the closing hour.

6. The central authority may for the purposes of aoy of their powers and duties under this Act cause a local inquiry to be held, and the costs incurred in relation to any such inquiry, including the salary of any officer engaged in the inquiry, not exceeding three guineas a day, shall be paid by the local authority concerned, and the central authority may certify the amount of the costs incurred. Any sums so certified shall be a debt to the Crown

-from the local authority.

7. The central authority may make regulations —

(a) for prescribing anything which under this Act is to be

prescribed; and

(b) as to the mode of ascertaining the opinion of occupiers

of shops; and

Revocation of order.

Penalties for offences.

Local inquiries.

Regulations.

94

Ch. 31.

Shop Hours , 1904. 4 Edw. 7.

Definitions.

Power of county councils to delegate powers under the Shop Hours Acts, 1892 to 1895.

[Short title.]

Section 2.

(c) as to conduct of local inquiries and matters incidental thereto; and

(d) as to the procedure for obtaining the revocation of a closing order; and

(e) generally for carrying into effect the provisions of this Act.

8. — (1) In this Act the expression "local authority" in London outside the city means a metropolitan borough council and elsewhere means the council of an urban district with a population, according to the census of one thousand nine hundred and one, of over twenty thousand and any council or other authority having power to appoint inspectors under the Shop Hours Acts, 1892 to 1895, and the provisions of those Acts relating to offences and proceedings, the appointment, powers and salaries of inspectors and the expenses of local authorities Shall apply as if they were herein re-enacted and in terms made applicable to this Act and as if references to the occupier of a shop were substituted for references to the employer of a young person.

(2) Any expenses incurred by a metropolitan borough council under this Act shall be defrayed as part of the expenses of the council, and . the expenses of an urban district council shall be defrayed as part of the general expenses incurred in the execution of the Public Health Acts.

(3) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires —

The expression "shop" includes any premises or place where retail trade (including the business of a barber) is carried on:

The expression "central authority" means in England a. Secretary of State, in Scotland the Secretary for Scotland and in Ireland the Lord Lieutenant.

9. Where an order under this Act is in force in any metropolitan borough or urban district, the council of the county in which the borough or district is situate may delegate to the council of the borough or district, either with or without any restrictions or conditions as they think fit, their powers under the Shop Hoi^ra Acts, 1892 to 1895.

10. This Act may be cited as the Shop Hours Act, 1904; and the Shop Hours Acts, 1892 to 1895, and the Seats for Shop Assistants Act, 1899, and this Act may be cited together as the Shops Regulation Acts, 1892 to 1904.

SCHEDULE.

Post Office business.

The sale of medicines and medical and surgical appliances.

The sale by retail of intoxicating liquors for consumption on or off the premises.

The sale of refreshments for consumption on the premises.

The sale of tobaeco and other smokers’ requisites.

The sale of newspapers.

-a The business-carried onat a railway bookstall or at a railway, refreshment room.

1904. Outdoor Relief (Friendly Societies) Ch. 32, 33. 95

Act, 1904.

CHAPTER 32.

An Act to amend the Outdoor Relief Friendly Societies Act, 1894.

[15th August 1904.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) The discretion given by section one of the Outdoor Limitation of Relief Friendly Societies Act, 1894, to the boards of guardians discretion of to take or not to take into consideration the amount received by gj^dians in a member of a friendly society when granting outdoor relief shall granting out-be limited as herein-after provided. doo^r gly'.ct

(2) In granting outdoor relief to a member of any friendly c. 25. society, the board of guardians shall not take into consideration any sum received from such friendly society as sick pay, except in so far as such sum shall exceed five shillings a week.

---

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Outdoor Relief (Friendly Societies) Act, 1904.

CHAPTER 33.

An Act for approving and carrying into Effect a Convention between His Majesty and the President of the French Republic.

[15th August 1904.]

WHEREAS His Majesty the King and the President of the French Republic have, subject to the approval of their respective Parliaments, concluded, the Convention set out in the schedule to this Act, and it is expedient to give such approval:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

---

1. — (1) The approval of Parliament is hereby given to the Approval of Convention set out in the schedule to this Act, and it shall be Convention, lawful for His Majesty the King to do everything which appears

to His Majesty necessary or proper for carrying into effect that Convention.

(2) Any sums payable by way of . indemnity under the said Convention and any expenses to be incurred in carrying it into effect shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Anglo-French Convention Act, 1904.

Anglo-French Convention , 1904. 4 Edw. 7.

Oh.

33.

SCHEDULE.

Convention signed at London the 8th of April 1904.

His Majesty the King of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and of the British Dominions beyond the Seas, Emperor of India, and the President of the French Republic, having resolved to put an end, by a friendly Arrangement, to the difficulties which have arisen in Newfoundland, have decided to conclude a Convention to that effect and have named as their respective Plenipotentiaries:

His Majesty the King of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and of the British Dominions beyond the Seas, Emperor of India, the Most Honourable Henry Charles Keith Petty-Fitzmaurice, Marquess of Lansdowne, His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs; and

The President of the French Republic, his Excellency Monsieur Paul Cambon, Ambassador of the French Republic at the Court of His Majesty the King of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and of the British Dominions beyond the Seas, Emperor of India;

Who, after having communicated to each other their full powers, found in good and due form, have agreed as follows, subject to the approval of their respective Parliaments:—

Article I.

France renounces the privileges established to her advantage Article XIII. of the Treaty of Utrecht and confirmed or modified by subsequent provisions.

Article II.

France retains for her citizens, on a footing of equality with British subjects, the right of fishing in the territorial waters on that portion of the coast of Newfoundland comprised between Cape St. John and Cape Ray, passing by the north; this right shall be exercised during the usual fishing season closing for all persons on the 20th October of each year.

The French may therefore fish there for every kind of fish, including bait and also shell fish. They may enter any port or harbour on the said coast and may there obtain supplies or bait and shelter on the same conditions as the inhabitants of Newfoundland, but they will remain subject to the local Regulations in force; they may also fish at the mouths of the rivers, but without going beyond a straight line drawn between the two extremities of the banks, where the river enters the sea.

They shall not make use of stake-nets or fixed engines without permission of the local authorities.

On the above-mentioned portion of the coast, British - subjects and French citizens shall be subject alike to the Laws and Regulations now in force, or which may hereafter be passed for the establishment of a close time in regard to any particular kind of fish or for the improvement of the fisheries. Notice of any fresh Laws or Regulations shall be given to the Government of the French Republic three months before they come into operation.

The policing of the fishing on the above-mentioned portion of the coast and for prevention of illicit liquor traffic and smuggling of spirits shall form the subject of Regulations drawn up in agreement by the two Governments.

1904.

Ch. 33. Anglo-French Convention Act, 1904.

Article III.

A pecuniary indemnity shall be awarded by His Britannic Majesty's Government to the French citizens engaged in fishing or*the preparation of fish on the " Treaty Shore, " who are obliged either to abandon the establishments they possess there or to give up their occupation, in consequence of the modification introduced by the present Convention into the existing state of affairs.

This indemnity cannot be claimed by the parties interested unless they have been engaged in their business prior to the closing of the fishing season of 1903.

Claims for indemnity shall be submitted to an Arbitral Tribunal, composed of an officer of each nation, and, in the event of disagreement, of an Umpire appointed in accordance with the procedure laid down by Article XXXII of the Hague Convention. The details regulating the constitution of the Tribunal and the conditions of the inquiries to be instituted for the purpose of substantiating the claims shall form the subject of a special Agreement between the two Governments.

Article IV.

His Britannic Majesty's Government, recognising that, in addition to the indemnity referred to in the preceding Article, some territorial compensation is due to France in return for the surrender of her privilege in that part of the Island of Newfoundland referred to in Article II, agree with the Government of the French Republic to the provisions embodied in the following Articles: —

Article V.

The present frontier between Senegambia and the English Colony of the Gambia shall be modified so as to give to France Yarbutenda and the lands and landing places belonging to that locality.

In the event of the river not being open to maritime navigation up to that point, access shall be assured to the French Government at a point lower down on the River Gambia, which shall be recognized by mutual agreement as being accessible to merchant ships engaged in maritime navigation.

The conditions which shall govern transit on the River Gambia and its tributaries, as well as the method of access to the point that may be reserved to France in accordance with the preceding paragraph, shall form the subject of future agreement between the two Governments.

In any case, it is understood that these conditions shall be at least as favourable as those of the system instituted by application of the General Act of the African Conference of the 26th February, 1885, and of the Anglo-French Convention of the 14th June, 1898, to the English portion of the basin of the Niger.

Article VI.

The group known as the lies de Los and situated opposite Konakry is ceded by His Britannic Majesty to France.

Article VII.

Persons born in the territories ceded to France by Articles V and VI of the present Convention may retain British nationality by means of an individual declaration to that effect, to be made before the proper authorities by themselves or, in the case of children under age, by their parents or guardians.

G

- by

Ch. 33.

Anglo-French Convention Act, 1904. 4 Edw. 7.

The period within which the declaration of option, referred to in the preceding paragraph, must be made shall be one year, dating from the day on which French authority shall be established over the territory in which the persons in question have been born.

Native laws and customs now existing will, as far as possible, remain undisturbed.

In the lies de Los, for a period of thirty years from the date of exchange of the ratifications of the present Convention, British fishermen shall enjoy the same rights as French fishermen with regard to anchorage in all weathers, to taking in provisions and water, to making repairs, to transhipment of goods, to the sale of fish and to the landing and drying o£-nets, provided always that they observe the conditions laid down in the French Laws and Regulations which may be in force there.

Article VIII.

To the east of the Niger the following line shall be substituted for the boundary fixed between the French and British possessions by the Convention of the 14th June, 1898, subject to the modifications which may lesult from the stipulations introduced in the final paragraph of the present Article.

Starting from the point on the left bank of the Niger laid down in Article III of the Convention of the 14th June, 1898, that is to say the median line of the Dallul Mauri, the frontier shall be drawn along this median line until it meets the circumference of a circle drawn from the town of Sokoto as a centre, with a radius of 160, 932 metres (100 miles). Thence it shall follow the northern arc of this circle to a point situated 5 kilometres south of the point of intersection of the above-mentioned arc of the circle with the route from Dosso to Mantankari vi& Maourede.

Thence it shall be drawn in a direct line to a point 20 kilometres north of Konni (Bimi-N’Kouni), and then in a direct line to a point 15 kilometres south of Maradi, and thence shall be continued in a direct line to the point of intersection of the parallel of 13° 20' north latitude with a meridian passing 70 miles to the east of the second intersection of the 14th degree of north latitude and the northern arc of the above-mentioned circle.

Thence the frontier shall follow in an easterly direction the parallel of 13° 20 'north latitude until it strikes the left bank of the River Komadugu Waube (Komadougou Ouobe), the thalweg of which it will then follow to Lake Chad. But, if before meeting this river the frontier attains a distance of 5 kilometres from the caravan route from Zinder to Yo, through Sua Kololua (Soua Kololoua), Adeber and Kabi, the boundary shall then be traced at a distance of 5 kilometres to the south of this route until it strikes the left bank of the River Komadugu Waub6 (Komadougou Ouobe), it being nevertheless understood that, if the boundary thus drawn should happen to pass through a village, this village, with its lands, shall be assigned to the Government to which would fall the larger portion of the village and its lands. The boundary will then, as before, follow the thalweg of the said river to Lake Chad.

Thence it will follow the degree of latitude passing through the thalweg of the mouth of the said river up to its intersection with the meridian running 35' east of the centre of the town of Kouka and will then follow this meridian southwards until it intersects the southern shore of Lake Chad.

It is agreed, however, that, when the Commissioners of the two Governments at present engaged in delimiting the line laid down in Article IV of the Convention of the 14th June, 1898, return home and can be consulted, the two Governments will be prepared to consider any modifications of the above frontier line which may seem desirable for the

1904.

99

Anglo-French Convention Act, 1904. Ch. 33, 34.

purpose of determining the line of demarcation with greater accuracy. In order to avoid the inconvenience to either party which might result from the adoption of a line deviating from recognized and well-established frontiers, it is agreed that, in those portions of the projected line where the frontier is not determined by the trade routes, regard shall be had to the present political divisions of the territories so that the tribes belonging to the territories of Tessaoua-Maradi and Zinder shall, as far as possible, be left to France and those belonging to the territories of the British zone shall, as far as possible, be left to Great Britain.

It is further agreed that, on Lake Chad, the frontier line shall, if . necessary, be modified so as to assure to France a communication through open water at all seasons between her possessions on the north-west and those on the south-east of the Lake and a portion of the surface of the open waters of the Lake at least proportionate to that assigned to her by the map forming Annex 2 of the Convention of the 14th June, 1898.

In that portion of the Biver Komadugu which is common to both parties the populations on the banks shall have equal rights of fishing.

Article IX.

The present Convention shall be ratified, and the ratifications shall be exchanged at London, within eight months or earlier if possible.

m

uu

In witness whereof his Excellency the Ambassador of the French Republic at the Court of His Majesty the King of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and of the British Dominions beyond the Seas, Emperor of India, and His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, duly authorized for that purpose, have signed the present Convention and have affixed thereto their seals.

CHAPTER 34,

An Act to explain and amend Section forty-eight of the Irish Land Act, 1903, with respect to the payment and application of the percentage provided by the said section.

[15th August 1904.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Any land wholly or partly untenacted sold to the Land Amendment Commission or the Congested Districts Board may be regarded as of |7EgW48*' an estate for the purpose of the payment of any percentage under a8 to unsection forty-eight of the Irish Land Act, 1903. tenacted land.

2. The percentage mentioned in the said section forty-eight As to payment may, subject to the enactments contained in the proviso to sub- o?percPenuge.n section one and in subsection four thereof, be paid to any vendor, other than the Congested Districts Board, whether such vendor is a person entitled to a beneficial interest in the land sold or is a trustee or other lperson not so entitled, and, save as herein-after

100

4 Edw. 7.

Special provisions as to tenants for life, persons under disability, &c.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 38.

34 & 35 Vict,

c. 22.

Construction and citation.

3 Edw. 7. c. 87.

[Short title.]

General prisons to be ordinary prisons.

Ch. 34, 35. Irish Land, Act, 1904.

provided, shall be held by him on the trusts (if any) affecting the purchase money.

3. — (1) Where the vendor is a tenant for life or a person having the powers of a tenant for life under the Settled Land Acts, 1882 to 1890, the percentage shall, subject to those enactments of the said section forty-eight mentioned in the last preceding section, be retained by him as his own proper moneys for his own use and benefit, free and discharged from all claims upon the lands sold or the purchase money thereof and from any trust affecting the same.

Provided that, where the vendor is a person exercising any power of sale on behalf of a lunatic person of unsound mind or infant or where the vendor is a lunatic or person of unsound mind selling pursuant to any order made by the Lord Chancellor, the percentage shall l)e held for the use and benefit of the same persons or upon the same trusts, as the case may be, as if the lunatic, person of unsound mind or infant, as the case may be, were not under any disability.

Provided also that, where the vendors are husband and wife exercising together the powers of a tenant for life under section sixty-one of the Settled Land Act, 1882, the percentage shall be retained by them jointly for their own use and benefit, free and discharged from all claims and trusts as aforesaid.

(2) The expression "lunatic" in this section has the same meaning as in the Lunacy Regulation (Ireland) Act, 1871.

4. This Act shall be construed as one with the Irish Land Act, 1903, and may be cited with the Land Purchase Acts, and the said Act of 1903 shall be construed and shall take effect from the date of its passing as if this Act had then formed part thereof.

5. This Act may be cited as the Irish Land Act, 1904.

CHAPTER 35.

An Act to amend the Law relating to prisons in Scotland by abolishing the distinction between general prisons and ordinary prisons.

[15th August 1904.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) All existing general prisons in Scotland shall be ordinary prisons within the meaning of the Prisons (Scotland) Act, 1877, and any reference in any Act to an ordinary prison shall be deemed to include a reference to an existing general prison.

(2) The words "other than the General Prison at Perth or " any prison which may hereafter be declared by Her Majesty in

1904. Prisons (Scotland) Act, 1904. Ch. 35, 36. 101

" Council to be a general prison " occurring in section seventy-one

of the Prisons (Scotland) Act, 1877, and the words "which prison 4o & 41 Vict.

" may be declared by Her Majesty in Council to be a general c. 53.

" prison in terms of the provision of the said Act " occurring in

section twenty-three of the Peterhead Harbour of Refuge Act, 49 & 50 Vict.

1886, are hereby repealed. c- 49-

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Prisons (Scotland) Act, 1904, and this Act and the Prisons (Scotland) Acts, 1860 to 1887, may be cited as the Prisons (Scotland) Acts, 1860 to 1904.

CHAPTER 36.

An Act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans out of the Local Loans Fund and for other purposes relating to Local Loans.

[15th August 1904.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) For the purpose of local loans there may be issued by Grants for the National Debt Commissioners the following sums, namely: — Public works.

(a) For the purpose of loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of four million five hundred thousand pounds;

(b) For the purpose of loans by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of nine hundred thousand pounds.

(2) The sums so issued shall be issued during a period ending on the day on which a further Act granting money for the purposes of those loans comes into operation and in accordance with the provisions of the National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887. 50 51 Vict>

C. 16.

2. Whereas it is expedient that the principal of the several Certain debts

local loans specified in the schedule to this Act should, to the aft

extent specified in the last column of that schedule, not be reckoned a8Set8 of Local as assets of the Local Loans Fund established under the National Loans Fund. Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887; therefore, the principal of the

said loans shall to that extent be written off from the assets of the Local Loans Fund, and the provisions of section fifteen of the said Act shall, so far as applicable, apply thereto.

3. If at any time there is a deficiency in the capital account of Power to apply the Local Loans Fund caused by the issue of local loans stock at a of Local* Loans discount, any securities or money standing to the credit of the Fund to meet separate account to which, under subsection (3) of section four of deficimeiee in the Public Works Loans Act, 1897, excess income of the Local a"J?ount Loans Fund is carried may, with the consent of the Treasury, be <50 & 61 Vict. applied in meeting the deficiency so caused, and for that purpose si. the National Debt Commissioners may sell any such securities.

102

Ch. 36.

Public Works Loans Act, 1904. 4 Edw. 7.

Remission of a sum due by way of interest from the fruardians of the Belmullet Union.

61 & 62 Vict c. 50.

[Short title.]

4. Whereas the guardians of the union of Belmullet in the county of Mayo, by not repaying when due the instalments of a loan made to them under the Seed Supply and Potato Spraying (Ireland) Act, 1898, have become liable to pay under the provisions of the Public Works Loans Act, 1897, interest to the amount of sixty-six pounds six shillings and one penny, and it is expedient to remit the said sum; therefore the said sum is hereby remitted.

5. This Act may be cited as the Public Works Loans Act, 1904.

SCHEDULE.

Part I.

Loans by the Commissioners op Public Works, Ireland.

(1) Loans under the Landed Property Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1847

(10 Vict. c. 32).

Name of Borrower. Amount of Loan. Amount to be Written off.

£ 8. d. £ 8. d.

William Linihan - 150 0 0 87 16 6

Thomas Fuller - 400 0 0 273 16 5

Michael McMahon - 25 0 0 18 19 1

Humphrey Kelleher ... 85 0 0 34 10 10

(2) Loans under the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881 (44 & 45 Vict. c. 49. s. 31).

Name of Borrower. Amount of Loan. Amount to be Written off.

David Buokley - £ 8. d. 150 0 0 £ 8. d. 74 5 7

Michael Norris - 320 0 0 69 1 7

George Hewson 350 0 0 95 5 11

Part II.

Loan by the Irish Land Commissioners.

Loan under the Purchase op Land (Ireland) Act, 1885 (48 & 49 Vict. c. 73. s. 2).

Name of Borrower.

Amount of Loan.

Amount to be Written off.

Peter Marron

£ 8. d. £ t. d.

514 0 0 8 11 6

---

1904 Public Works Loan Act, 1904. Ch. 36. 103

Part III.

Loans by the Fishery Board for Scotland.

Loans under the Crofters’ Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1886 (49 & 50 Vict. c. 29).

Names of Borrowers. - Fishery District. - Amount of Loan. £ - Amount to be Written off. £ s. d.

James Cook and William Cook - Wick - 102 - 18 2 0

Alexander Shearer, William Shearer and John Anderson. - Wick - 120 1- 7 6 8

105

TABLE II.

A

TABLE

OF

The Titles of the Local and Private Acts (including the Public Acts of a Local Character) passed during the Session (arranged according to Chapter) 4 EDWARD 7. — A.D. 1904.

LOCAL ACTS.

The Titles to which the Letter P. is prefixed are Public Acts of a Local Character.

Royal Assent, 29th March 1904.

P. i. AN Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dumbarton Tramways. (Dumbarton Tramways Order Confirmation.)

P. ii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Kilmarnock Corporation. (Kilmarnock Corporation Order Confirmation.)

Royal Assent, 28th April 1904.

iii. An Act to enable the London Chatham and Dover Railway Company to raise further capital. (London Chatham and Dover Railway.)

iv. An Act for rendering valid certain Letters Patent granted to William Young and Alexander Bell in respect of an invention for improvements in the decomposition of mineral oils for the production of illuminating gas and to William Young in respect of inventions (1) for improvements in the production of illuminating gas from mineral oils and in apparatus therefor and for producing water gas and (2) for improvements in the production of illuminating gas and bye-products from liquid hydrocarbons and in apparatus therefor. (Young and Bell's Patents.)

v. An Act to empower the Corporation of Appleby to purchase the undertaking of the Appleby Gas Light and Coal Company and to supply gas within the borough and for other purposes. (Appleby Corporation Gas.)

vi. An Act to empower the Southend Waterworks Company to raise further Capital and for other purposes. (Southend Waterworks)

Royal Assent, 24th June 1904.

vii. An Act to make provision for dealing with the trustees’ preference shares of the New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company Limited and the trustees’ certificates issued in respect thereof and for other purposes. (New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company's.)

viii. An Act. to extend the time for the completion of railways and for other purposes. (Great Northern and City Railway.)

ix. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Corbridge Gas Company. (Corbridge Gas.)

x. An Act to empower the City of Norwich Waterworks Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (City of Norwich Waterworks.)

xi. An Act to extend the time for the completion of the authorised Pier and Works of the Weston-super-Mare Grand Pier Company and for other purposes. (Weston-super-Mare Grand Pier.)

xii. An Act to extend the time for the completion of certain railways by the Barry Railway Company and for other purposes. (Barry Railway.)

xiii. An Act to incorporate the Owens College Manchester with the Victoria University of Manchester and to transfer all the property and liabilities of the College to the Victoria University of Manchester and for other purposes. (University of Manchester.)

xiv. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Sutton Gas Company. (Sutton Gas.)

xv. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Bishop’s Stortford and District Gas Company. (Bishop’s Stortford and District Gas.)

xvi. An Act to incorporate the Hampton-in-Arden and Meriden Gas Company and to enable that Company to supply with gas certain parishes in the county of Warwick. (Hampton-in-Arden Gas.)

xvii. An Act to enable the Ipswich Dock Commissioners to construct certain works in connection with their docks to make a tramway and tramroad to raise additional money and for other purposes. (Ipswich Dock.)

xviii. An Act to amend the powers of the Great Eastern Railway Company with respect to the use of steam vessels. (Great Eastern Railway (Steamboats).)

xix. An Act to amend the Huddersfield Corporation Act 1902 and for other purposes. (Huddersfield Corporation Act 1902 Amendment.)

xx. An Act to authorise the Metropolitan Railway Company to convert and consolidate their existing capital to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Metropolitan. Railway.)

xxi. An Act for the abandonment of the West Metropolitan Railway and for other purposes. (West Metropolitan Railway (Abandonment).)

xxii. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Wellington (Somerset) Gas Company and other purposes. (Wellington (Somerset) Gas.)

xxiii. An Act to make further and better provision with regard to the electric light undertaking of the Council and for the improvement health local government and finance of the district and for other purposes. (Kettering Improvement.)

xxiv. An Act to authorise the Gosport Waterworks Company to make additional Waterworks to acquire the Undertaking of the Lee-on-the-Solent Waterworks Company Limited and to raise additional capital to extend the limits of supply of the Company to confer further powers upon the Company and for other purposes. (Gosport Water.)

xxv. An Act to extend the limits of supply of the Amersham Beaconsfield and District Waterworks Company Limited and to confer further powers upon that Company. (Amersham Beaconsfield and District Water.)

xxvi. An Act for amalgamating the Mid Wales Railway Company with the Cambrian Railways Company for conferring further powers upon the last-named Company and for other purposes. (Cambrian Railways (Mid Wales Railway. Amalgamation &c.).)

xxvii. An Act to authorise the Urban District Council of Nuneaton and Chilvers Coton to construct works for prevention of floods on the River Anker within the urban district of Nuneaton and Chilvers Coton and the rural district of Nuneaton in the county of Warwick and for other purposes. (Nuneaton and Chilvers Coton Urban District Council (Prevention of Floods).)

xxviii. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Ryde Gaslight Company. (Ryde Gas.)

xxix. An Act to confer further powers upon the Blyth and Cowpen Gas Company. (Blyth and Cowpen Gas.)

xxx. An Act to confer further powers upon the Whitby Gas Company. (Whitby Gas.)

xxxi. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Harlow and Sawbridgeworth Gas Company and for other purposes. (Harlow and Sawbridgeworth Gas.)

xxxii. An Act for consolidating the capital of and for conferring further powers on the Sheppy Gas Company. (Sheppy Gas.)

xxxiii. An Act to confer further powers on the provost magistrates and councillors of the burgh of Govan in connection with their electricity undertaking and for other purposes. (Govan Electric Lighting (Further Powers).)

xxxiv. An Act to make provision with reference to the registration under the Companies Acts 1862 to 1900 of the Liverpool and London and Globe Insurance Company and the substitution of a memorandum and articles of association for their existing constitution and regulations and for the repeal of certain Acts relating to such Company and for other purposes. (Liverpool and London and Globe Insurance Company's.)

xxxv. An Act to merge the Yorkshire College in the University of Leeds and to transfer all the property and liabilities of the Yorkshire College to the University of Leeds and for other purposes. (University of Leeds.)

xxxvi. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the York Town and Blackwater Gas Company and for other purposes. (York Town and Blackwater Gas.)

xxxvii. An Act to authorise the Corporation of Chesterfield to construct and work tramways to execute further street works and improvements to extend their area for the supply of electricity to make further provision for the improvement local government and health of the Borough of Chesterfield and for other purposes. (Chesterfield Corporation Tramways and Improvements.)

xxxviii. An Act to change the name of the Croydon Commercial Gas and Coke Company to the Croydon Gas Company and to confer further powers on the Company with respect to the raising of additional capital the construction and maintenance of additional gasworks and for other purposes. (Croydon Gas.)

xxxix. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Chippenham Gas Company and for other purposes. (Chippenham Gas.)

xl. An Act to enable the Elysée Palace Hotel Company Limited to issue paid-up ordinary shares in satisfaction of the deferred shares to provide for the extinction of such deferred shares and for other purposes. (Elysée Palace Hotel Company Limited.)

xli. An Act for conferring further powers upon the mayor aldermen and councillors of the metropolitan borough of Saint Marylebone with regard to the supply of electricity and for other purposes. (Saint Marylebone Electric Lighting.)

xlii. An Act to authorise the Colney Hatch Gas Company to raise additional Capital to acquire Lands to enlarge their Works to alter name of Company to amend their existing Acts and for other purposes. (Colney Hatch Gas.)

xliii. An Act for consolidating the Capital of the Gomersal Gas Company for enabling that Company to raise additional Capital and for other purposes. (Gomersal Gas.)

xliv. An Act to confer further powers on the North Staffordshire Railway Company. (North Staffordshire Railway.)

xlv. An Act to authorise the Chesterfield Gas and Water Board to make new waterworks and extend their gasworks and for other purposes. (Chesterfield Gas and Water Board.)

xlvi. An Act to provide for the sale of the Chapel of Saint James Westmoreland Street and for other purposes connected therewith. (Marylebone Chapels (Saint James Westmoreland Street).)

xlvii. An Act to vary and amend the provisions of the South Staffordshire Mines Drainage Acts 1891 and 1894 and for other purposes. (South Staffordshire Mines Drainage.)

xlviii. An Act to make provision for the application and distribution of the water stock issued to the New River Company in discharge of the sum payable as compensation for the transfer of their water undertaking to the Metropolitan Water Board for the reconstruction of the Company and its registration as a limited company and for other purposes. (New River Company's.)

xlix. An Act to empower the urban district council of Kirkby-in-Ashfield to supply gas and to provide for the transfer to the Council of so much of the gas undertaking of the Sutton-in-Ashfield Urban District Council as is situate within the urban district of Kirkby-in-Ashfield and for other purposes. (Kirkby-in-Ashfield Urban District Council (Gas).)

l. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Brixham Gas Company. (Brixham Gas.)

li. An Act for incorporating the Littlestone-on-Sea and District Water Company and empowering them to construct Works and supply Water and for other purposes. (Littlestone-on-Sea and District Water.)

lii. An Act to confer upon the Urban District Council of Acton further powers with regard to the supply of electricity and the improvement health local government and finance of the district and for other purposes. (Acton Improvement)

liii. An Act to confer additional powers upon the Midland Railway Company and upon that Company and the Great Eastern Railway Company and upon the Midland and Great Northern Railways Joint Committee and the Norfolk and Suffolk Joint Railways Committee for the construction of works and the acquisition of lands and for other purposes. (Midland Railway.)

liv. An Act to confer further powers upon the Lancashire Electric Power Company and for other purposes. (Lancashire Electric Power.)

lv. An Act to confer further powers on the Tynemouth Gas Company. (Tynemouth Gas.)

lvi. An Act to authorise the Preston Chorley and Horwich Tramways Company to acquire lands and for other purposes. (Preston Chorley and Horwich Tramways.)

lvii. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Barnard Castle Gas Company. (Barnard Castle Gas.)

lviii. An Act to empower the Governors of Saint Bartholomew’s Hospital in the city of London to demolish the church of Saint Bartholomew the Less and to use the site thereof and the burial ground adjoining thereto for the purposes of the said hospital and for uniting for ecclesiastical purposes the parish of Saint Bartholomew the Less with the parish of Saint Bartholomew the Great and for other purposes. (Saint Bartholomew's Hospital.)

P. lix. An Act to confirm a Scheme with respect to Norman’s or No Man’s Land Hillingdon East. (Metropolitan Commons (Hillingdon East) Supplemental.)

P. lx. An Act to confirm an Amended Scheme with respect to Farnborough Common Broad Street Green Leach’s Green and Green Street Green. (Metropolitan Commons (Farnborough) Supplemental.)

P. lxi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State under the Metropolitan Police Act 1886 and the Metropolitan Police Courts Act 1897 relating to lands in the parishes of Islington Tottenham Putney and Woolwich. (Metropolitan Police Provisional Order Confirmation.)

P. lxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Ashton-in-Makerfield Brighton Manchester Nelson Scarborough and Sunderland. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. lxiii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Brixham Coventry Liverpool Ripon and Southwark and the Bromley and Beckenham Joint Hospital District. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. lxiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Earsdon the Hanley Stoke Fenton and Longton the Henley and Wallingford the Wallingford and Crowmarsh and the Whitchurch and District Joint Hospital Districts. (Local Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. lxv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Stourbridge Union. (Local Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (Poor Law).)

P. lxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Barry Clitheroe Gainsborough Glastonbury Heysham Kirkby-in-Ashfield Saffron Walden Walmer Whickham and Yardley. (Electric Lighting Confirmation (No. 1).)

Royal Assent, 22nd July 1904.

lxvii. An Act to authorize the Donegal Railway Company to raise further Moneys by the creation and issue of Guaranteed Preference Stock for the purpose amongst others of completing the Ballyshannon Extension and to empower the Company to own and work Motor Cars and other Vehicles and for other purposes. (Donegal Railway.)

lxviii. An Act to empower the Mullingar Kells and Drogheda Railway Company to make a Deviation Railway in the County of Westmeath and an Extension Railway in the County of Louth and to enable that Company and the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company to enter into working and other agreements and for other purposes. (Mullingar Kells and Drogheda Railway.)

lxix. An Act to extend the time limited for the compulsory purchase of lands for and completion of the railways and works authorised by the South Western and Isle of Wight Junction Railway Act 1901 and for other purposes. (South Western and Isle of Wight Junction Railway (Extension of Time).)

lxx. An Act to extend the limits of supply of the Bexhill Water and Gas Company to authorise the Company to raise additional Capital and to construct additional Waterworks and for other purposes. (Bexhill Water and Gas.)

lxxi. An Act to confer powers on the Harrow Road and Paddington Tramways Company for widening and altering roads and acquiring lands in the Counties of Middlesex and London to authorise the sale of the undertaking of the Company to the Metropolitan Electric Tramways Limited and to provide for the dissolution and winding-up of the Company and for other purposes. (Harrow Road and Paddington Tramways.)

lxxii. An Act to confer further powers upon the London Tilbury and Southend Railway Company. (London Tilbury and Southend Railway.)

lxxiii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Leicestershire and Warwickshire Electric Power Company and for other purposes. (Leicestershire and Warwickshire Electric Power.)

lxxiv. An Act to confirm and give effect to arrangements between the Corporation of Manchester and the Manchester Ship Canal Company with respect to the financial relations between the two bodies and to empower the Manchester Ship Canal Company to raise further money by borrowing and to create additional capital and for other purposes. (Manchester Ship Canal (Finance).)

lxxv. An Act to confer further powers on the Corporation of Preston with reference to their Water Undertaking and for other purposes. (Preston Corporation Water.)

lxxvi. An Act to authorise the Urban District Council of Shipley to purchase the Gas Undertaking of Sir Titus Salt Bart. Sons and Company Limited and to acquire Land construct Street Works consolidate their loans and borrow money and for other purposes. (Shipley Urban District Council.)

lxxvii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire Electric Power Company and for other purposes. (Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire Electric Power.)

lxxviii. An Act to confer powers on the Great Northern Railway Company with reference to the construction of Works and the purchase of Lands to extend the time limited for the compulsory purchase of certain Lands by the Company to empower the Company and the Great Central Railway Company to purchase Lands and to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of certain Lands by those Companies and for other purposes. (Great Northern Railway.)

lxxix. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers upon the Matlock and District Gas Company and for other purposes. (Matlock and District Gas.)

lxxx. An Act for amalgamating the undertakings of the Ticehurst and Robertsbridge Water Company and the Wadhurst Ticehurst and District Gas Light and Coke Company for extending their limits of supply for authorising the construction of works and the raising of additional capital and for other purposes. (Ticehurst and District Water and Gas.)

lxxxi. An Act for conferring further Powers upon the London and North Western Railway Company in relation to their own Undertaking and upon that Company and the Great Western Railway Company in relation to their Joint Undertaking and for other purposes. (London and North Western Railway.)

lxxxii. An Act to authorise the Baker Street and Waterloo Railway Company to acquire Additional Lands to confer further Powers and for other purposes. (Baker Street and Waterloo Railway.)

lxxxiii. An Act to authorise the Brymbo Water Company to extend their Limits of Supply to raise additional Capital and for other purposes. (Brymbo Water.)

lxxxiv. An Act to constitute as a separate undertaking certain railways of the Sheffield and Midland Railway Companies' Joint Committee and certain other railways authorised to be constructed by the Great Central and Midland Railway Companies jointly and for other purposes. (Great Central and Midland Railway Companies.)

lxxxv. An Act to empower the Humber Commercial Railway and Dock Company to construct a new dock with connecting railway and other works and entrance into the River Humber to abandon the dock and works authorized by the Humber Commercial Railway and Dock Act 1901 and for other purposes. (Humber Commercial Railway and Dock.)

lxxxvi. An Act for conferring further powers on the Southend Gas Company. (Southend-on-Sea Gas.)

lxxxvii. An Act to provide for the payment to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners and application by them of moneys payable under the City and South London Railway Act 1890 by the City and South London Railway Company in respect of the church of Saint Mary Woolnoth in the city of London and for other purposes. (Saint Mary Woolnoth Church.)

lxxxviii. An Act to provide for the transfer of the Undertaking of the Minehead Waterworks Company Limited to the Minehead Urban District Council and to confer further powers on the said Council with respect to the supply of Water and for other purposes. (Minehead Urban District Council.)

lxxxix. An Act to confer further powers on the Clyde Valley Electrical Power Company and for other purposes. (Clyde Valley Electrical Power.)

xc. An Act to authorise the Urban District Council of Birkdale to make further provision in regard to the Health Local Government Improvement and Finance of the Urban District-and for other purposes. (Birkdale Improvement.)

xci. An Act to change the name of the Crystal Palace District Gas Company to the South Suburban Gas Company and to confer further powers on the Company. (South Suburban Gas.)

xcii. An Act to extend the time for taking certain lands and for the construction of certain authorised works by the Southport and Lytham Tramroad Company and the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Southport to authorise the raising of further capital and for other purposes. (Southport and Lytham Tramroad.)

xciii. An Act to authorise the raising by borrowing of money for the provision and erection of premises for the Sessions of the Central Criminal Court. (City of London (Central Criminal Court House).)

xciv. An Act to confer further powers on the Urban District Council of Filey in the East Riding of the County of York in relation to their gas and water undertakings and in relation to the seashore and to make further and better provision for the improvement health local government and finance of the district and for other purposes. (Filey Improvement.)

xcv. An Act to free Maidenhead Bridge from tolls to enable the Corporation of Maidenhead to borrow money for discharging the mortgage debt on the bridge for vesting the Bridge Estates in the Corporation and for other purposes in connection therewith. (Maidenhead Bridge.)

xcvi. An Act to authorise the construction of new Works and the acquisition of Lands by the Great Central Railway Company in connection with their undertaking the construction of new Railways by the Cheshire Lines Committee and the Seaforth and Sefton Junction Railway Company respectively and the acquisition of Lands by the Great Western and Great Central Railways Joint Committee and the Manchester South Junction and Altrincham Railway Company respectively in connection with their respective undertakings the acquisition by the Great Central Railway Company of the Undertakings of the Wrexham Mold and Connahs Quay and Buckley Railway Companies and for other purposes. (Great Central Railway.)

xcvii. An Act to regulate the expenditure of money by the London County Council on capital account during the current financial period and the raising of money to meet such expenditure and for other purposes. (London County Council (Money).)

xcviii. An Act to confer further borrowing powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Plymouth. (Plymouth Corporation.)

xcix. An Act to empower the Corporation of Wolverhampton to construct tramways and to make further provision in regard to their tramway electricity and market undertakings and the health local government and improvement of their borough and for other purposes. (Wolverhampton Corporation.)

c. An Act to authorise the closing and sale of certain Churches in the City of Liverpool and the Borough of Wigan and the sale of certain Vicarages or houses of residence the extinction of certain Ecclesiastical Districts and Parishes the merger thereof in other Districts and Parishes and the conversion of certain Ecclesiastical Districts into separate Ecclesiastical Parishes in the said City and for other purposes. (Liverpool and Wigan Churches.)

ci. An Act to empower the Corporation of Barrow-in-Furness to construct an opening bridge across Walney Channel to make certain street works to lay down additional tramways and to execute works in connection with their water undertaking and for other purposes. (Barrow-in-Furness Corporation.)

cii. An Act for rendering valid certain Letters Patent granted to Richard Jaeger in respect of an invention for an improved process for the dry slaking of lime and apparatus therefor. (Richard Jaeger's Patent.)

ciii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Doncaster with reference to their Water and Gas Undertakings to make further and better provision with regard to the improvement health local government and finance of the said Borough and for other purposes. (Doncaster Corporation.)

civ. An Act to authorise the Urban District Council of Skipton to construct additional Waterworks and to make further provision with regard to the supply of electricity and for the improvement health local government and finance of the district and for other purposes. (Skipton Water and Improvement.)

cv. An Act to enable the Soothill Nether Urban District Council to make and maintain Tramways and Street Improvements to acquire land for the purpose of a refuse destructor and for other purposes. (Soothill Nether Urban District Tramways.)

cvi. An Act to change the name of the Llanelly Harbour and Burry Navigation Commissioners to the Llanelly Harbour Trust and to alter the constitution of the Trust to revive and extend the powers for the compulsory purchase of lands and for the execution of works under the Llanelly Harbour Acts 1896 and 1901 and otherwise amend those Acts to empower the Trust to borrow moneys with the consent of the Urban District Council of Llanelly and otherwise to alter and extend the financial powers of the Trust and for other purposes. (Llanelly Harbour.)

cvii. An Act to increase the number of the Wards and of the Council of the Borough of Tynemouth and for other purposes. (Tynemouth Corporation.)

cviii. An Act for conferring further powers on the Great Eastern Railway Company and for other purposes. (Great Eastern Railway (General Powers).)

cix. An Act for conferring further powers on the North Western Electricity and Rower-Gas Company and for other purposes. (North Western Electricity and Power-Gas.)

cx. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Charing Cross Euston and Hampstead Railway Company and for other purposes. (Charing Cross Euston and Hampstead Railway.)

P. cxi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Education under Sections 17 (7) and 21 of the Education Act 1902 relating to the County Borough of Swansea. (Education Board Provisional Order Confirmation (Swansea).)

P. cxii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Education under the Education Acts 1870 to 1903 to enable the School Board for London to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Board Provisional Order Confirmation (London).)

P. cxiii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Education under the Education Acts 1870 to 1903 to enable the Council of the City and County Borough of Birmingham to put in force the Land Clauses Acts. (Education Board Provisional Order Confirmation (Birmingham).)

P. cxiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Education under Sections 17 (7) and 21 of the Education Act 1902 relating to the County Borough of Cardiff. (Education Board Provisional Order Confirmation (Cardiff).)

P. cxv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Portsmouth. (Local Government Board’s Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. cxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bradford (Yorkshire) Ealing Eaton Bray (Rural) Glastonbury Rhyl and the Fylde Water Board District. Local Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

P. cxvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the County Palatine of Lancaster and the Counties of Rutland and Surrey. (Local Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 6).)

P. cxviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Godalming Haworth Northallerton and Tipton. (Local Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 7).)

P. cxix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Kingswood West Ham and the Knighton and Teme the North East Durham and the South Shields Rural and Southwick-on-Wear Joint Hospital Districts. (Local Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 8).)

P. cxx. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Ashton-under-Lyne and District the Congleton and District and the Wath Swinton and District Joint Hospital Districts. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 12).)

P. cxxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Brighouse Pwllheli Wath upon Dearne and Worthing and the North Staffordshire Joint Small-pox Hospital District. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 14).)

P. cxxii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Cardiff. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 15).)

P. cxxiii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to East Dereham and Neyland. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (Gas).)

P. cxxiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Bangor and Newtownards and the County of Cork United Districts and the Ports of New Ross and Waterford. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. cxxv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Rural Districts of Rathdown (No. 1) and Rathdown (No. 2). (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. cxxvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Inclosure Acts 1845 to 1899 relating to Merrow Downs in the Parish of Merrow in the County of Surrey. (Commons Regulation (Merrow) Provisional Order.)

P. cxxvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Inclosure Acts 1845 to 1S99 relating to Oxshott Heath in the Parish of Cobham in the County of Surrey. (Commons Regulation (Oxshott) Provisional Order.)

P. cxxviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1861 relating to lands in the Parishes of Owston and West Butterwick in the County of Lincoln (Parts of Lindsey). (Land Drainage Provisional Order Confirmation.)

P. cxxix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Drainage and Improvement of Lands Act (Ireland) 1863 and the Acts amending the same relating to the Farney Bridge and Ballynahow Drainage District in the County of Tipperary. (Drainage and Improvement of Lands Supplemental (Ireland).)

P. cxxx. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Wexford. (Pier and Harbour Order Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. cxxxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 the Electric Lighting (Scotland) Act 1890 and the Electric Lighting (Scotland) Act 1902 relating to Musselburgh Portpatrick and Wishaw. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

P. cxxxii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act 1888 containing the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable to the Regent’s Canal. (Canal Rates and Charges (Regent's Canal) Order Confirmation.)

P. cxxxiii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Motherwell and Bellshill Railway (Abandonment). (Motherwell and Bellshill Railway (Abandonment) Order Confirmation.)

P. cxxxiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the North British Railway. (North British Railway (General Powers) Order Confirmation.)

P. cxxxv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Paisley District Tramways. (Paisley District Tramways Order Confirmation.)

P. cxxxvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Burgh of Leith. (Leith Burgh Order Confirmation.)

P. cxxxvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Airdrie Corporation Gas. (Airdrie Corporation Gas Order Confirmation.)

P. cxxxviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Wishaw Corporation. (Wishaw Corporation Order Confirmation.)

P. cxxxix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Leith Corporation Tramways. (Leith Corporation Tramways Order Confirmation.)

P. cxl. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Burgh of Govan. (Govan Corporation Order Confirmation.)

P. cxli. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Caledonian Railway. (Caledonin Railway Order Confirmation.)

P. cxlii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1889 relating to the Glasgow and South Western Railway. (Glasgow and South Western Railway Order Confirmation.)

Royal Assent, 1st August 1904.

P. cxliii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Aberdeen Joint Passenger Station. (Aberdeen Joint Passenger Station Order Confirmation.)

P. cxliv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dunbartonshire (Vale of Leven) Water. (Dunbartonshire (Vale of Leven) Water Order Confirmation.)

P. cxlv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Arbroath Corporation Water. (Arbroath Corporation Water Order Confirmation.)

P. cxlvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dunfermline District Water. (Dunfermline District Water Order Confirmation.)

P. cxlvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Melrose District Water. (Melrose District Water Order Confirmation.)

P. cxlviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Scotch Education Department under the Education (Scotland) Act 1878 to enable the School Board of the Burgh of Edinburgh to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Scotch Education Department Provisional Order Confirmation (Edinburgh).)

cxlix. An Act to authorise the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company to construct new Railways to widen certain existing Railways and to construct other Works to acquire additional Lands and to raise Additional Capital and for other purposes. (Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway (Various Powers).)

cl. An Act to authorise the Urban District Council of Thurles in the County of Tipperary to construct Waterworks for the supply of the District and for other purposes. (Thurles Urban District Council Water.)

cli. An Act to authorise the Urban District Council of Ebbw Yale to construct additional Waterworks and for other purposes. (Ebbw Vale Water.)

clii. An Act to empower the Corporation of Harrogate to construct a temporary tramroad telephonic communication and other works in connection with their Waterworks and for other purposes. (Harrogate Waterworks Tramroad.)

cliii. An Act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Bournemouth to construct further tramways and to acquire the undertaking of the Tuckton Bridge Company and for other purposes. (Bournemouth Corporation.)

cliv. An Act to confer further powers upon the Metropolitan District Railway Company and for other purposes. (Metropolitan District Railway.)

civ. An Act to authorise the Urban District Council of Lytham to provide a Town Hall to make further provision in regard to their Gas Undertaking and to the Health Local Government and Improvement of their District and for other purposes. (Lytham Improvement.)

Royal Assent, 15th August 1904.

P. clvi. An Act to facilitate the opening and working of certain of the lower series of Coal Seams in His Majesty's Forest of Dean and in the Hundred of St. Briavels in the County of Gloucester and for certain other purposes connected with the Mines in the said Forest and Hundred. (Dean Forest (Mines).)

P. clvii. An Act to make better provision for the administration of Justice at Sessions of the Peace and for the transaction of County business in the County of Suffolk. (County of Suffolk.)

P. clviii. An Act to enable His Majesty's Postmaster-General to acquire lands in London Southgate Blackpool Leeds and Newcastle-upon-Tyne for the Public Service and for other purposes. (Post Office (Sites).)

P. clix. An Act to rconfirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bolton Congleton Keighley Newton-in-Mackerfield Oswestry and Wisbech. (Local Government Boards Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 9).)

P. clx. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Chiswick East Ham Great Crosby and York. (Local Government Boards Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 10).)

P. clxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Guildford New Sarum and the County of Wilts. (Local Government Boards Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 11).)

P. clxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders: of the Local Government Board relating to Blackpool Newcastle-upon-Tyne Tynemouth and Wigan. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 13).)

P. clxiii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 relating to Hamilton Gas. (Hamilton Gas Order Confirmation.)

P. clxiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Bognor Gas Elham Valley Gas Elstree and Boreham Wood Gas Finedon Gas and Godalming Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. clxv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Grays Gas Hedon Gas Northampton Gas Rochford Gas and Romford Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. clxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Boar d# of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to St. Margaret’s Gas Stirling Gas Waltham Abbey and Cheshunt Gas Worsbroughdale and Worsbrough Gas and Worthing Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. clxvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Urban Districts of Blackrock Clonmel Dalkey Killiney and Bally-brack Kingstown Nenagh Pembroke Rathmines and Rathgar Templemore and Thurles and the Counties of Dublin Tipperary (North Riding) and Tipperary (South Riding). (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. clxviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Castlerea (Rural) Midleton (Rural) North Dublin (Rural) and Westport. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. clxix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Harbour of Courtown in the County of Wexford. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 5).)

P. clxx. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dundee Broughty Ferry and District Tramways. (Dundee Broughty Ferry and District Tramways Order Confirmation.)

P. clxxi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Glasgow Corporation (Police). (Glasgow Corporation (Police) Order Confirmation.)

P. clxxii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Greenock Corporation. (Greenock Corporation Order Confirmation.)

P. clxxiii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Newburgh and North Fife Railway. (Newburgh and North Fife Railway (Extension of Time) Order Confirmation.)

P. clxxiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Kirkcaldy Corporation. (Kirkcaldy Corporation Order Confirmation.)

P. clxxv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Bath Rural District Brynmawr Chippenham Eastleigh and Bishopstoke Hanwell Southgate Urban District Tamworth Walton-le-Dale Watford and Widnes (Amendment). (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. clxxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Birkenhead (Extension) Bishop Auckland (Amendment) Huddersfield (Extension to Golcar) Maidenhead (Extensions) Milford-on-Sea Newquay Penzance Ramsgate Sunderland Districts and Tavistock. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. clxxvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Ashford (Kent) Ely Ham Hexham Horley Keynsham (Somerset) Kingswood Newton Abbot (Extension) Teignmouth (Amendment) and Walton-upon-Thames. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. clxxviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Clevedon Portishead and Long Ashton Crediton Devizes Hampton Wick and District Houghton-le-Spring and District the Maidens and Coombe Northampton and District Stroud Nailsworth and Dursley and Trowbridge (Urban) Bradford-on-Avon (Urban) and Bradford-on-Avon (Rural). (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 6).)

P. clxxix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders granted by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Caerphilly Epsom Rural District (Cheam) Mansfield Woodhouse North Worcestershire (Bromsgrove Urban) and Sutton-in-Ashfield. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 8).)

P. clxxx. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Altrincham Urban District Council Tramways Calverley Urban District Council Tramways Crompton Urban District Council Tramways Plymouth Corporation Tramways Rochdale Corporation Tramway Roy ton Urban District Council Tramways and Wardle Urban District Council Tramway. (Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. clxxxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Bishop Auckland Shildon and Spennymoor Tramways Dewsbury Corporation Tramways East Ham Urban District Council Tramways Ossett Corporation Tramways Sunderland Corporation Tramway and West Ham Corporation Tramways. (Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. clxxxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Rainham Water Sevenoaks Water Southwold Water Wetherby District Water and Meldreth and Melbourn District Gas and Water. (Gas and Water Orders Confirmation.)

P. clxxxiii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Glasgow Corporation (Tramways &c.). (Glasgow Corporation (Tramways, &c.) Order Confirmation.)

P. clxxxiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Hartlepool and Waterford. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. clxxxv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Islay. (Pier and Harbour Older Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. clxxxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Bradfield Water Cholderton and District Water Elham Valley Water Frimley and Farnborough District Water and North Sunderland Waterworks. (Water Orders Confirmation.)

P. clxxxvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Aberdeen City Improvements. (Aberdeen City Improvements Order Confirmation.)

P. clxxxviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Edinburgh and District Water. (Edinburgh and District Water Order Confirmation.)

P. clxxxix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Glasgow and South Western Railway (Darvel and Lanarkshire Railway Transfer). (Glasgow and South Western Railway (Darveland Lanarkshire Railway Transfer) Order Confirmation.)

P. cxc. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Perth Corporation). (Perth Corporation Order Confirmation.)

P. cxci. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Ayr Corporation Tramways. (Ayr Corporation Tramways Order Confirmation.)

cxcii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Glasgow Corporation (Sewage). (Glasgow Corporation (Sewage) Order Confirmation.)

cxciii. An Act to empower the Alexandra (Newport and South Wales) Docks and Railway Company to extend their existing South Dock and to construct other Works and to execute a diversion or straightening of the River Ebbw and for other purposes. (Alexandra (Newport and South Wales) Docks and Railway.)

cxciv. An Act to empower the Portmadoc Beddgelert and South Snowdon Railway Company to construct new Railways and to authorise Agreements between that Company and the North Wales Narrow Gauge Railways Company and for other purposes. (Portmadoc Beddgelert and South Snowdon Railway.)

cxcv. An Act for empowering the Cardiff Railway Company to construct a new Railway and to abandon the construction of a portion of Railway already authorised and for amending the Acts relating to the Cardiff Railway Company and for other purposes. (Cardiff Railway.)

cxcvi. An Act to confer further powers on the Derwent Valley Water Board to confer powers upon the Corporation of Leicester with respect to the Works authorised to be constructed by that Corporation under the powers of the Derwent Valley Water Act 1899 to confer borrowing powers upon the Corporations of Derby Leicester Sheffield and Nottingham and for other purposes. (Derwent Valley Water.)

cxcvii. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Great Western Railway Company in respect of their own undertaking and upon that Company and the London and North Western Railway Company in respect of undertakings in which they are jointly interested and upon the Great Western and Great Central Railways Joint Committee in respect of their undertaking for authorizing the abandonment of the Somersetshire Coal Canal and the vesting of the site thereof in the Great Western Railway Company for amalgamating the Abingdon Railway Company with the Great Western Railway Company and for other purposes. (Great Western Railway.)

cxcviii. An Act for conferring further powers on the London United Tramways (1901) Limited for constructing Tramways and widening and altering roads and acquiring lands in the Counties of Middlesex Surrey and London and for other purposes. (London United Tramways.)

cxcix. An Act to confer further powers upon the Urban District Council for the District of Tottenham in the County of Middlesex and to confer powers upon the Metropolitan Electric Tramways Limited. (Tottenham Improvement.)

cc. An Act to enable the Barnet District Gas and Water Company to acquire additional lands construct additional works and raise further capital and for other purposes. (District Gas and Water.)

cci. An Act to empower the Strabane Raphoe and Convoy Railway Company to construct Railways in the Counties of Tyrone and Donegal to change the name of the Company and for other purposes. (Strabane Raphoe and Convoy Railway (Extension to Letterkenny).)

ccii. An Act to authorise the Surrey Commercial Dock Company to raise further Capital and for other purposes. (Surrey Commercial Dock.)

cciii. An Act to provide for the Acquisition and Construction of Piers and Landing-places on the River Thames in the Administrative County of London by the London County Council and to make provision for a service of Vessels for passengers and parcels and for other purposes. (Thames River Steamboat Service.)

cciv. An Act to authorise the construction of Tramways in Torquay and for other purposes. (Torquay Tramways.)

ccv. An Act to confer further powers upon the Tyneside Tramways and Tramroads Company with respect to the construction and maintenance of works and the acquisition of lands and for other purposes. (Tyneside Tramways and Tramroads.)

ccvi. An Act to authorise the making of Tramways and Tramroads in the City of Belfast and in the County of Down and for other purposes. (Holywood Tramways.)

ccvii. An Act for incorporating and conferring Powers on the Lothians Electric Power Company. (Lothians Electric Power.)

ccviii. An Act to empower the Corporation of Great Yarmouth to construct tramways street improvements and other works and to acquire the ferries across the Haven to make further provision in regard to the health local government and improvement of their borough and for other purposes. (Yarmouth Corporation.)

ccix. An Act to authorise the sale and disposal of the Site of King’s College Hospital London and the acquisition of Lands for and Erection of a New Hospital and for other purposes. (King's College Hospital.)

ccx. An Act for empowering the Corporation of Leeds to construct certain temporary railways and works to facilitate the construction of their authorised waterworks in the Valley of the Burn and to authorise the placing of electric lines in certain highways and for other purposes. (Leeds Corporation (Waterworks) Railway.)

ccxi. An Act to authorise the Corporation of Manchester to construct tramways and street widenings within and beyond the city to confer further powers upon the Corporation and neighbouring authorities with respect to the exercise of powers relating to tramways works and electricity within and beyond the city and for other purposes. (Manchester Corporation Tramways.)

ccxii. An Act to authorise the Manchester Ship Canal Company to vary the levels of and depth of Water in their Canal and to construct new Works and to alter certain provisions of The Manchester Ship Canal Act 1885 and The Manchester Ship Canal Act 1896 and for other purposes. (Manchester Ship Canal.)

ccxiii. An Act for empowering the North Wales Power and Traction Company Limited to construct Generating Stations and supply Electricity in certain parts of Noith Wales and for other purposes. (North Wales Electric Power.)

ccxiv. An Act to authorise the Wakefield and District Light Railway Company to construct Tramways and a Tramroad and other Works in the West Riding of the County of York and for other purposes. (West Riding Tramways.)

ccxv. An Act to incorporate and confer powers upon the Felixstowe Gas Light Company. (Felixstowe Gas.)

ccxvi. An Act to confer on the Urban District Council of Radcliffe further powers with regard to their Tramways Undertaking to construct new tramways and street improvements to extend the Town’s Yard and to make further provision in regard to the supply of Electricity and for the Improvement. Health Local Government and Finance of the District and for other purposes. (Radcliffe Tramways and Improvement.)

ccxvii. An Act to confer further powers upon the South Shields Gas Company. (South Shields Gas.)

ccxviii. An Act to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of lands required for and for the completion of certain works and for other purposes. (London and India Docks Company.)

ccxix. An Act to authorise the Urban District Council of Ilford in the county of Essex to carry out street improvements to make further provision for the Improvement Health Local Government and Finance of the District and for other purposes. (Ilford Urban District Council.)

ccxx. An Act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City and County of Newcastle-upon-Tyne to construct and work Additional Tramways in and adjacent to the City to widen existing Streets to construct new Streets across and Works in the Ouseburn Valley to make a new Quay to acquire lands to establish a Superannuation Fund to raise further Money and to confer various further powers upon the Corporation in respect of their existing Quays and for other purposes. (Newcastle-upon-Tyne Corporation.)

ccxxi. An Act for the Abandonment of a portion of the undertaking authorised by the Saddleworth and Springhead Tramways Act 1902 and for other purposes. (Saddleworth and Springhead Tramways.)

ccxxii. An Act to make further and better provision for the Health Good Government and Improvement of the Borough of Bridlington and for other purposes. (Bridlington Corporation.)

ccxxiii. An Act to extend the City and County of Bristol and for other purposes. (Bristol Corporation.)

ccxxiv. An Act for authorising the Urban District Council of Buxton to acquire from the Most Noble Spencer Compton Duke of Devonshire K.G. the Mineral Water Baths of Buxton and to maintain and improve the same and for other purposes. (Buxton Urban District Council.)

ccxxv. An Act for transferring the powers of the West Manchester Light Railways Company and for providing for the Regulation of certain Roads in Trafford Park, and for other, purposes. (Trafford Park.)

ccxxvi. An Act to empower the Urban District Council of Stretford to construct Additional Tramways and other works within their District and to make further and better provision for the Good Government of the said Urban District and for other purposes. (Stretford Urban District Council.)

ccxxvii. An Act to authorise the Barry Railway Company to provide and work Steam Vessels to raise Additional Capital and for other purposes. (Barry Railway (Steam Vessels).)

ccxxviii. An Act for incorporating and conferring Powers on the Belfast and North East Ireland Electricity and Power-Gas Company and for other purposes. (Belfast and North East Ireland Electricity and Power-Gas.)

ccxxix. An Act to empower the Lord Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Belfast to construct and work Tramways and to purchase by Agreement the Undertaking of the Belfast Street Tramways Company including the Tramways constructed by the Sydenham District Belfast Tramways Company and the Belfast and Ligoniel Tramways Company and the Tramways of the Belfast and County Down Railway Company and for other purposes. (Belfast Corporation (Tramways).)

ccxxx. An Act to confer further powers upon the Neath Pontardawe and Brynaman Railway Company for the construction of Railways and the raising of Capital and for other purposes. (Neath Pontardawe and Brynaman Railway.)

ccxxxi. An Act to enable the London County Council to construct and work New Tramways and to alter and reconstruct existing Tramways in the County of London to make Street Improvements in the Counties of London and Kent to empower the Council of the Metropolitan Borough of Woolwich to construct a New Street and for other purposes. (London County Council (Tramways and Improvements).)

ccxxxii. An Act to provide for altering the Wards of the County Borough of Rotherham and for increasing the number of Aldermen and Councillors to confer further Powers on the Corporation of the Borough in regard to their Gas Water Tramways and Electrical Undertakings to make further provisions for the health improvement and local government of the Borough and for other purposes. (Rotherham Corporation.)

ccxxxiii. An Act to enable the Urban District Council of Selby to construct New Waterworks and to make further provision with regard to their Water and Gas Undertakings and for the improvement health and local government of the District. (Selby Urban District Council.)

ccxxxiv. An Act to enable the Corporation of the Borough of Swindon to make new Tramways and to make further provisions with reference to Markets and for the health local government and improvement of the Borough and for other purposes. (Swindon Corporation.)

ccxxxv. An Act to confer powers upon the Lord Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Manchester with reference to the construction of Waterworks and Streets and otherwise for the better local government and improvement of the City to extend the City and to make provision with reference to the borrowing powers of the Corporation and for other purposes. (Manchester Corporation (General Powers).)

ccxxxvi. An Act to extend the limits of supply of the Newcastle and Gateshead Water Company and to enable Local Authorities within the additional limits to require the Company to supply them with Water in bulk and to empower the Company to raise further Capital and for other purposes. (Newcastle and Gateshead Waterworks.)

ccxxxvii. An Act for conferring further powers on the Bristol Tramways and Carriage Company Limited for constructing Tramways and widening and altering roads and acquiring lands in and near Bristol and for other purposes. (Bristol Tramways (Extensions).)

ccxxxviii. An Act to constitute and incorporate a Joint Water Board consisting of Representatives of the Oakengates and Dawley Urban District Councils in the county of Salop and for other purposes. (Oakengates and Dawley Joint Water Board.)

ccxxxix. An Act to authorise the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company to provide and work Steam Vessels between the Ports of Goole and Hull and certain Continental Ports and to subscribe to the Funds of Steamship Companies and for other purposes. (Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway (Steam Vessels).)

ccxl. An Act to authorise the Urban District Council of Leyton in the County of Essex to construct and work Tramways and to confer further powers on the Council in regard to their Tramways Undertaking and their Electrical Undertaking to empower the Council to execute certain street widenings to provide for vesting in the Council certain Lammas Lands as open spaces and recreation grounds to make further provision for the improvement health and local government of the District and for other purposes. (Leyton Urban District Council.)

ccxli. An Act to confer further powers on the Loch Leven Water and Electric Power Company and to extend the time for the purchase of lands and for the completion of part of the authorised works of that Company and for other purposes. (Loch Leven Water Power (Amendment).)

ccxlii. An Act to authorise the Trustees of the Clyde Navigation to construct Quays Wharves and Basins at Yorkhill and Merklands and River Walls Tramways and other works to make further provision with respect to the storage of goods tolls and rates and the borrowing of additional Money and for other purposes. (Clyde Navigation)

ccxliii. An Act for conferring further powers on the Imperial Tramways Company Limited for constructing Tramways and widening and altering Roads and acquiring Lands in the North Riding of the County of York and for other purposes. (Middlesbrough Stockton-on-Tees and Thomaby Tramways.)

ccxliv. An Act to empower the London County Council to acquire Lands for Fire Brigade purposes to make provisions with respect to Sanitary and other like matters to authorise the exchange of certain lands at Tooting Bec Common to empower the Council of the Metropolitan Borough of Woolwich to purchase Lands for various purposes to change the name of the Metropolitan Fire Brigade to confer various powers upon the London County Council and upon the Councils of Metropolitan Boroughs and for other purposes. (London County Council (General Powers).)

ccxlv. An Act to consolidate the Parishes in the City of Carlisle into one Parish to make further and better provision for the health good government and improvement of the City and for other purposes. (Carlisle Corporation.)

PRIVATE ACTS.

Printed by the King’s Printer, and whereof the printed copies may be given in evidence.

Royal Assent, 1st August 1904.

1. An Act to amend the Scarisbrick Estate Act 1877. (Scarisbrick Estate (Amendment).)

Royal Assent, 15th August 1904.

2. An Act for confirming an Agreement between the Right Honourable Godfrey Charles Lord Tredegar and the Trustees of his Settled Estates and the Alexandra (Newport and South Wales) Docks and Railway Company for the conveyance to the Company of lands forming part of the Settled Estates and an Agreement between the Company and Lord Tredegar for the issue to Lord Tredegar of a sum of 150,000l. Preferred Ordinary Stock of the Company for authorising the Trustees of the Settled Estates to purchase from Lord Tredegar a sum of 50,000l. part of such last-mentioned Preferred Ordinary Stock for confirming the purchase by the Trustees of the Settled Estates of a sum of 50,000l. Preferred Ordinary Stock of the Company created and issued under the Alexandra (Newport and South Wales) Docks and Railway Act 1897 and for other purposes. (Lord Tredegar’s Supplemental Estate.)

3. An Act to enlarge the powers of investment of the Trustees of Sir Humphrey Francis de Trafford’s settled estates so as to enable them to purchase his life interest in the settled estates and for vesting such life interest in such Trustees and for other purposes. (De Trafford Estate.)

TABLE IIa.

A TABLE OF THE TITLES OF THE LOCAL AND PRIVATE ACTS (INCLUDING THE PUBLIC ACTS OF A LOCAL CHARACTER) PASSED DURING THE SESSION 4 EDW. 7, A.D. 1904, ARRANGED ALPHABETICALLY.

[Table removed.]

138 Effect of Legislation.

[4 Edw. 7.

TABLE III.

Showing the Effect of the Year’s Legislation.

ACTS OF FORMER SESSIONS (IN CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER) REPEALED OR AMENDED BY ACTS OF 4 EDWARD 7.*

* Acts continued annually by the Expiring Laws Continuance Act are not noticed in this Table.

[Short Title.]

Statute and Chapter. - Subject-matter or - How affected. - Chapter of Edw. 7.

12 Geo. 3. c. 36 - Richmond Chapel (Lancashire)- Repealed - c., s. 25, Sch. II. (Local).

11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4. c. 59. - St. Marylebone Chapels - Ss. 8-19 repealed - xlvi., s. 5, Sch. (Local).

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 37 - Bread - S. 7 explained - 28, s. 11.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 47 - Customs - Ss. 59, 60 applied with mods. - 6, s. 1 (5).

11 & 12 Vict. c. 42 - Indictable Offences - S. 17 applied with mod. - 15, s. 15 (1).

---

14 & 15 Vict. c. 93 16 & 17 Vict.: Petty Sessions (I.) - S. 14 applied with mod. - 15, 8. 15 (1).

c. 34 Income Tax ... S. 54 extended - 7, s. 9.

C. 137 17 & 18 Vict.: Charitable Trusts ... Restricted - xiii., 8. 11; XXXV., 8. 12. (Local).

c. 31 Railway and Canal Traffic S. 2 amended 19, s. 2. xlvi., 6. 5, Sell. (Local). xiii., s. 11; xxxv., 8. 12. (Local).

c. 70 St. Marylebone Chapels - Repealed -

18 & 19 Vict. c. 124 Charitable Trusts Amendment - Restricted

22 & 23 Vict. c. 17 Vexatious Indictments Applied- - 15, s. 25.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 136 24 & 25 Vict.: Charitable Trusts Restricted xiii., s. 11; xxxv., s. 12. (Local).

c. 14 Post Office Savings Bank - Amended; s. 2 am.; s. 6 ext.; s. 9 rep. in part. 8, SB. 9 (2), 11, 15, Sch.

c. 100 26 & 27 Vict.: Offences against the Person Ss. 27, 55, 56 am. - 15, 88.4-6, 10-18, Sch. I.

c. 7 Manufactured Tobacco - S. 1 am. and ex. - 7, s. 3 (1), Sch. (5) (6).

c. 25 Savings Bank Investment - Ss. 6, 7 repealed - 8, ss. 9 (2), 15, Sch.

c. 87 32 & 33 Vict.: Trustee Savings Banks - Amended; s. 10 am.; s. 60 repealed in part. 8, ss. 4, 15, Sch.

c. 27 Wine and Beerhouse S. 8 applied; s. 19 rep. - 23, 8. 9 (3).

c. 73 Telegraph ... S. 5 ext. temporarily 24/s. 2 (2).

c. 103 Customs and Excise Warehousing. S. 7 amended - 7, 8.6 (2).

c. 110 33 & 34 Vict.:Charitable Trusts Restricted xiii., 8.11; xxxv., s. 12. (Local).

c. 29 Wine and Beerhouse Amendment. S. 7 repealed 23, 8. 9 (3).

c. 79 Post Office ... S. 19 repealed 14, 8. 2.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 94 Licensing - S. 37 virt. rep.; s. 38 am. 23, s. 5 (2) (4).

A.D. 1904] Effect of Legislation. 139

[Short Title.]

Statute and Chapter. Subject-matter or How affected.

37 & 38 Vict.:

c. 40 Board of Trade Arbitrations, &c. Applied -

c. 49 Licensing - . S. 15 applied -

c. 73 Post Office Savings Banks Am.; s. 3 rep. in part

c. 91 Indian Councils ... Ss. 1, 2 rep. in part

39 & 40 Vict. c. 35 Customs Tariff.... S. 2 repealed; Sch. rep. in part.

40 & 41 Vict.:

c. 2 Treasury Bills - S. 6 restricted

CO if> c Prisons (S.) ... S. 71 repealed in part

41 & 42 Vict.:

c. 49 Weights and Measures - Ss. 28, 32, 57 (4) am.; ss. 32, 44, 45 ext.; 8. 49 app.; SS. 30, 53 rep. prosp.; s. 43 rep. in part prosp.

c. 68 Bishoprics .... Applied with mods, (including repealed portions).

42 & 43 Vict.:

c. 34 Dangerous Performances Amended

c. 54 Poor Law - S. 10 amended

43 & 44 Vict.:

c. 33 Post Office (Money Orders) S. 1 (prov. 3) rep. in part

c. 35 Wild Birds Protection - Amended Ext. with mods, to St. Kilda; s. 9 rep. in part.

c. 36 Savings Banks Amended; s. 1 rep. in part.

44 & 45 Vict.:

c. 55 National Debt - S. 5 repealed

c. 58 Army .... Ss. 46 (8), 83 (7), 95 (2), 137, 145 (2), 175, 179

(21), 182 (2), 190(23), Sch. II. am.; s. 156 (9) ext.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 69 Criminal Law Amendment Ss. 5, 42, 43, 52, 62 am.

49 & 50 Vict.:

c. 48 Medical - S. 7 amended

c. 49 Peterhead Harbour of Refuge - S. 23 rep.in part

50 at 51 Vict.:

c. 15 Customs and Inland Revenue - S. amended

c. 16 National Debt and Local Loans S. ib applied

c. 49 Charitable Trusts Restricted

51 & 52 Vict. c. 42 Mortmain and Charitable Uses - S. " amended -

52 & 53 Vict. c. 21 Weights and Measures Ss. n, 7, 13, 35 am.; s. 8 ext.; s. 11 (1) (2) rep.; s. 11 (3) app.; s. 9, Sch. I. rep. prosp.;

54 & 55 Vict.: s. 32 explained.

c. 17 Charitable Trusts (Recovery) - Restricted

c. 21 Savings Banks - Amended; s. 10 am.; s. 14 rep.

55 & 56 Vict.:

c. 59 Telegraph - S. 1 (2) (3) applied

c. 62 Shop Hours - Applied with mods, and am.

56 at 57 Vict.:

c. 66 Rules Publication ... Applied -

c. 67 Shop Hours ... Applied -

c. 69 Savings Bank K 2 1 Amended; s. 3 rep.

Chapter of Edw. 7.

28, s. 7 (3).

23, s. 4 (5).

8, s. 15, Sch.

26, s. 1.

6, s. 4 (1); 7, 8. 6 (1) (3).

1, s. 3 (2); 17,

s. 2 (2).

35, s. 1 (2).

28, ss. 5 (4) (5), 10, 12, 13 (1), (2), 15, Sch. (Pt. I.)

30, s. 1, Sch. I.

15, ss. 4-6, 10-18, Sch. I.

15, s. 26.

14, s. 1.

4, 8. 1.

10, 8. 1.

8, s. 15, Sch.

8, 8. 15, Sch. 5, ss. 4-13.

15, ss. 4-6, 10-18, 27, Sch..I.

* n

XXXV., 8. 9.(LoC.y

35, s. 1 (2).

7, s. 3 (2).

36, s. 2.

xiii., s. 11; xxxv., s. 12. (Zoca/).

xxxv., s. 10.

28, ss. 6, 8 (4), 9, 13 (3-5), 16, Sch. (Pts. I., II.)

xiii., s. 11; xxxv.,

8. 12.

8, ss. 6 (1) (2), 15 Sch.

3, s. 1.

31, ss. 8 (J), 9.

27, s. 1 (2).

31, s. 8 (1).

8, SS. 8, 15, Sch.

140 Effect of Legislation.

[4 Edw. 7.

[Short Title.]

Statute and Chapter. Subject-matter or How affected. Chapter of Edw. 7.

57 & 58 Vict.:

c. 24 Wild Birds Protection - Amended 4, s. 1.

c. 25 Outdoor-Belief Friendly Societies Amended; -s. 1 am. 32, s. 1.

c. 30 Finance - S. 38 applied - 7, s. 7 (4).

c. 35 Charitable Trusts (Places of lteligious Worship) Amendment. Restricted xiii., s. 11; xxxv., s. 12. (Local).

c. 41 Prevention of Cruelty to Children Repealed - 15, s. 33, Sch. II.

c. 60 Merchant Shipping Bs. *684-686, 693 applied 24, s. 1 (5).

58 & 59 Vict c. 5 59 & 60 Vict.: Shop Hours - Applied with mod. - 31, s. 8 (1).

c. 19 Public Health - S. 1 amended 16, s. 1 (1).

«. 28 Finance - S. 6 (2) ext. - 7, Sch. (6).

c. 56 Wild Birds Protection - Amended 4, 8. 1.

60 & 61 Vict.:

c. 38 Public Health (S.) S. 85 amended 16, s. 1 (2).

c. 52 Dangerous Performances - Amended 15, ss. 4-6, 10-18. Sch. I.

61 & 62 Vict.:

c. 10 - Finance - S. 1 am.; s. 2 rep. - 7, ss. 2 (1), 3 (2).

c. 27 - Isle of Man (Customs) S. 1 amended 25, s. 1.

---

c. 44 - Merchant Shipping (Mercantile Marine Fund). - S. 3 restricted - 22, s. 2.

63 & 64 Vict.:

c. 7 - Finance - Ss. 2-7 am. and continued - 7, ss. 4, 5.

c. 31 - Isle of Man (Customs) - Ss. 1, 2 (par. 2) continued - 25, s. 2.

1 Edw. 7. c. 22 - Factory and Workshop - S. 119 applied - 15, s. 3 (2).

3 Edw. 7:

c. 37 Irish Land - S. 48 am. and explained - 34, ss. 1-3.

c. 45 - Employment of Children - Ss. 4 (6), 11 repealed - 15, ss. 17, 33, Sch. II.

[Table of local, private acts in classes removed.]

[Index removed.]

