THE

LAW REPORTS.

THE PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES,

PASSED IN THE

FIFTY-FIFTH AND FIFTY-SIXTH YEARS

OF THE REIGN OF HER MAJESTY

QUEEN VICTORIA,

1892:

WITH

A LIST OF THE LOCAL AND PRIVATE ACTS,

TABLES SHOWING THE EFFECT OF THE SESSION'S

LEGISLATION,

AND A COPIOUS INDEX.

VOL. XXIX.

LONDON:

PRINTED BY EYRE AND SPOTTISWOODE

FOR

T. DIGBY PIGOTT, Esq., C.B., PRINTER TO HER MAJESTY OF ALL ACTS OF PARLIAMENT,

And Published for the Council of Law Reporting,

By WILLIAM CLOWES AND SONS, Limited,

DUKE STREET, STANFORD STREET; AND 14, CHARING CROSS.

PUBLISHING OFFICE, 27, FLEET STREET, E.C.

1892.

A

TABLE

OF

The Titles of the Public General Acts passed in the Seventh Session of the Twenty-Fourth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

55 & 56 VICTORIA A.D. 1892.

1. AN Act to transfer the site of Millbank Prison to the management of the Commissioners of Works. (Millbank Prison.) 1

2. An Act to provide, during twelve months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army. (Army (Annual).) 2

3. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-one, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-two, and one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three. (Consolidated Fund (No. 1).) 5

4. An Act to render penal the inciting Infants to Betting or Wagering or to Borrowing Money. (Betting and Loans (Infants).) 6

5. An Act to amend the Poor Law (Ireland) Acts. (Poor Law (Ireland).) 8

6. An Act to provide for the Recognition in the United Kingdom of Probates and Letters of Administration granted in British Possessions. (Colonial Probates.) 8

7. An Act to amend the Labourers (Ireland) Acts for the purpose of providing increased Allotments of Land for the Agricultural Labourers in Ireland. (Labourers (Ireland).) 10

8. An Act to enact a Close Time for Hares during the Breeding Season. (Hares Preservation.) 11

9. An Act to amend the Act of the eighth and ninth Victoria, chapter one hundred and nine, intituled "An Act to amend the Law concerning Games and Wagers." (Gaming.) 11

10. An Act to facilitate the Citation of Sundry Acts of Parliament. (Short Titles.) 12

11. An Act to amend the Mortmain and Charitable Uses Act, 1888. (Mortmain and Charitable Uses Act Amendment.) 118

12. An Act to amend the Law in regard to Roads and Bridges in Scotland. (Roads and Bridges (Scotland) Amendment.) 119

13. An Act to amend the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act, 1881. (Conveyancing and Law of Property.) 120

14. An Act to amend the Indian Councils Act, 1861. (Indian Councils.) 122

15. An Act to authorise the Councils of Counties and County Boroughs to contribute to the Expenses of Inquiries into certain Charities. (Charity Inquiries (Expenses).) 125

16. An Act to grant and alter certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue. (Customs and Inland Revenue.) 126

17. An Act to simplify the forms of Extracts of Decrees in the Sheriff Courts of Scotland. (Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Extracts.) 127

18. An Act for authorising County and Borough Councils to purchase Franchises of Weights and Measures. (Weights and Measures (Purchase).) 136.

19. An Act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing Enactments which have ceased to be in-force or have become unnecessary. (Statute Law Revision.) 138

20. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three. (Consolidated Fund (No. 2).) 267

21. An Act to regulate the sittings of the High Court of Justiciary in Scotland. (High Court of Justiciary (Scotland).) 268

22. An Act to amend the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890, as to Scotland. (Housing of the Working Glasses Act, 1890, Amendment (Scotland).) 268

23. An Act to consolidate Enactments relating to the Marriage of British Subjects outside the United Kingdom. (Foreign Marriage.).269

24. An Act to amend the Post Office Act, 1891, in relation to its application to Scotland, and to apply that Act to the Isle of Man and to the Channel Islands. (Post Office.) 271

25. An Act to amend the Taxes (Regulation of Remuneration) Act, 1891. (Taxes (Regulation of Remuneration) Amendment.) 279

26. An Act to make provision respecting Advances made by the National Debt Commissioners under the National Debt (Redemption) Act, 1889. (National Debt (Conversion of Exchequer Bonds).) 279

27. An Act to authorise the release of certain Deposits, and the Cancellation of certain Bonds, made or given to secure the performance of undertakings authorised by Parliament. (Parliamentary Deposits and Bonds.) 280

28. An Act to amend the Law respecting the Customs Duties in the Isle of Man. (Isle of Man Customs.) 282

29. An Act to facilitate the Acquisition and Holding of Land by Institutions for promoting Technical and Industrial Instruction and Training. (Technical and Industrial Institutions.) 283

30. An Act to amend the Alkali, &c. Works Regulation Act, 1881. (Alkali, &c. Works Regulation.) 285

31. An Act to facilitate the acquisition of Small Agricultural Holdings. (Small Holdings.) 287

32. An Act for better enforcing Discipline in the case of Crimes and other Offences against Morality committed by Clergymen. (Clergy Discipline.) 296

33. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. (Appropriation.) 304

34. An Act for dissolving the Corporation styled the Naval Knights of Windsor of the Foundation of Samuel Travers, Esquire, and for regulating the application of the property thereof, and for applying and amending the Greenwich Hospital Acts. (Naval Knights of Windsor (Dissolution).) 318

35. An Act to amend the Colonial Stock Act, 1877, so far as regards the mode of transfer of Stock to which that Act applies. (Colonial Stock.) 321

36. An Act to remove doubts as to the meaning of the Forged Transfers Act, 1891. (Forged Transfers.) 322

37. An Act to amend the Merchant Shipping Acts. (Merchant Shipping.) 323

38. An Act to alter the period for which certain Police Returns are required to be made. (Police Returns.) 324

39. An Act to amend the National Debt Act, 1870. (National Debt (Stockholders Relief).) 325

40. An Act to amend the Acts relating to Superannuation Allowances and Gratuities to Persons in the Public Service so far as respects the computation of successive Service in different Offices where not all subject to the Superannuation Acts, 1834 to 1887, and as respects the application of Section Six of the Superannuation Act, 1887, to Employments of Profit under the Government of India. (Superannuation.) 327

41. An Act to provide for expenses incurred by Members of Boards of Management of Poor Law District Schools in Ireland. (Boards of Management of Poor Law District Schools (Ireland).) 328

42. An Act to improve National Education in Ireland. (Irish Education.) 329

43. An Act to consolidate and amend certain Enactments relating to the acquisition of land for Military purposes. (Military Lands.) 337

44. An Act to amend the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888. (Railway and Canal Traffic.) 348

45. An Act to provide for the increase of the Salaries of certain Land Commissioners in Ireland, and for other purposes connected with the Land Commission. (Land Commissioners (Ireland) Salaries.) 349

46. An Act to amend the Ancient Monuments Protection Act, 1882. (Ancient Monuments Protection (Ireland).) 349

47. An Act to amend the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Acts, 1878 to 1890. (Contagious Diseases (Animals).) 350

48. An Act for making further Provision respecting certain Payments to the Banks of England and Ireland, and for other purposes connected with those Banks. (Bank.) 351

49. An Act to authorise the Treasury to guarantee the Payment of a Loan to be raised by the Government of the Colony of Mauritius. (Mauritius Hurricane Loan.) 357

50. An Act to amend the Law relating to Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries. (Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries.) 359

51. An Act to make provision in regard to the Distribution and Application of Sums from time to time paid to the Local Taxation (Scotland) Account and in regard to the Fee Grant in Scotland. (Education and Local Taxation Account (Scotland).) 361

52. An Act to authorise an advance to the Government of the Province of British Columbia. (British Columbia (Loan).) 363

53. An Act to consolidate and amend the Law relating to Public Libraries. (Public Libraries.) 366

54. An Act to facilitate the provision of Allotments for the Labouring Classes in Scotland. (Allotments (Scotland).) 378

55. An Act for regulating the Police and Sanitary Administration of towns and populous places, and for facilitating the union of Police and Municipal Administration in Burghs in Scotland. (Burgh Police (Scotland).) 390

56. An Act to amend the Law in relation to the Appointment of Coroners and Deputy Coroners in Counties and Boroughs. (Coroners.) 570

57. An Act to amend the Public Health Acts in relation to Private Street Improvement Expenses. (Private Street Works.) 572

58. An Act to amend the Law respecting Accumulations. (Accumulations.) 580

59. An Act to make further provision respecting Telegraphs. (Telegraph.) 581

60. An Act to continue various expiring Laws. (Expiring Laws Continuance.) 585

61. An Act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans. (Public Works Loans.) 590

62. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Employment of Young Persons in Shops. (Shop Hours.) 593

63. An Act to explain and amend the Local Taxation (Customs and Excise) Act, 1890, with respect to Contributions for Technical Instruction in Scotland. (Technical Instruction Amendment (Scotland).) 595

64. An Act for the better Protection of Witnesses giving Evidence before any Royal Commission or any Committee of either House of Parliament, or on other Public Inquiries. (Witnesses (Public Inquiries) Protection.) 597

65. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Drainage and Improvement of Land in Ireland, and for other purposes. (Drainage and Improvement of Land (Ireland).) 598

[Partial table of local acts removed.]

THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES.

55 Victoria.

CHAPTER 1.

An Act to transfer the site of Millbank Prison to the management of the Commissioners of Works.

[29th March 1892.]

WHEREAS the site of Millbank Prison is vested in Her Majesty, but is no longer used for the purposes of a prison, and it is expedient that it be placed under the management of the Commissioners of Works:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Transfer of site of Millbank Prison to management of Commissioners of Works.]

1. — (1.) The site of Millbank Prison shall be under the management of the Commissioners of Works, and the provisions of the Acts relating to the Commissioners of Works shall apply to that site as if it had been acquired by those Commissioners in pursuance of those Acts.

(2.) The enactments described in the Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of that Schedule.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Millbank Prison Act, 1892.

SCHEDULE

Enactments repealed.

Session and Chapter. Title. Extent of Repeal.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 26. - An Act for regulating the Prison at Millbank. - The whole Act.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 104. - An Act for amending the Act for regulating the Prison at Millbank. - The whole Act.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 39. - An Act for the better Government of Convict Prisons. - The whole Act so far as it relates to Millbank Prison.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 95. - The Millbank Prison Act, 1869. - The whole Act.

2 Ch. 2. Army (Annual) Act, 1892. 55 Vict.

CHAPTER 2.

An Act to provide, during twelve months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

[29th March 1892.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping of a standing army within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in time of peace, unless it be with the consent of Parliament, is against law:

And whereas it is adjudged necessary by Her Majesty and this present Parliament, that a body of forces should be continued for the safety of the United Kingdom and the defence of the possessions of Her Majesty's Crown, and that the whole number of such forces should consist of one hundred and fifty-four thousand and seventy-three men, including those to be employed at the depots in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the training of recruits for service at home and abroad, but exclusive of the numbers actually serving within Her Majesty's Indian possessions:

And whereas it is also judged necessary for the safety of the United Kingdom, and the defence of the possessions of this realm, that a body of Royal Marine forces should be employed in Her Majesty's fleet and naval service, under the direction of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid:

And whereas the said marine forces may frequently be quartered or be on shore, or sent to do duty or be on board transport ships or vessels, merchant ships or vessels, or other ships or vessels, or they may be under other circumstances in which they will not be subject to the laws relating to the government of Her Majesty's forces by sea:

---

And whereas no man can be forejudged of life or limb, or subjected in time of peace to any kind of punishment within this realm by martial law, or in any other manner than by the judgment of his peers and according to the known and established laws of this realm; yet nevertheless it being requisite, for the retaining all the before-mentioned forces, and other persons subject to military law, in their duty, that an exact discipline be observed, and that persons belonging to the said forces who mutiny or stir up sedition, or desert Her Majesty's service, or are guilty of crimes and offences to the prejudice of good order and military discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the usual forms of the law will allow:

[44 & 45 Vict. c. 56.]

And whereas the Army Act will expire in the year one thousand eight hundred and ninety-two on the following days:

(a.) In the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and the Isle of Man, on the thirtieth day of April; and (b.) Elsewhere in Europe, inclusive of Malta also in the West Indies and America, on the thirty-first day of July; and (c.) Elsewhere, whether within or without Her Majesty's dominions, on the thirty-first day of December:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and

1892. Army (Annual) Act, 1892. Ch. 2. 3

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Army (Annual) Act, 1892.

2. — (1.) The Army Act shall be and remain in force, during the Army Act

periods herein-after mentioned, and no longer, unless otherwise behi

provided by Parliament; that is to say, force for m

(a.) Within the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and the 8pecified times Isle of Man, from the thirtieth day of April one thousand eight hundred and ninety-two to the thirtieth day of April one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three, both inclusive; and

(b.) Elsewhere in Europe, inclusive of Malta, also in the West Indies and America, from the thirty-first day of July one thousand eight hundred and ninety-two to the thirty-first day of July one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three, both inclusive; and

(c.) Elsewhere, whether within or without Her Majesty's dominions, from the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and ninety-two to the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three, both inclusive;

and the day from which the Army Act is continued in any place by this Act is in relation to that place referred to in this Act as the commencement of this Act.

(2.) The Army Act, while in force, shall apply to person? subject to military 1 iw, whether within or without Her Majesty's dominions.

(3.) A person subject to military law shall not be exempted from the provisions of the Army Act by reason only that the number of the forces for the time being in the service of Her Majesty, exclusive of the marine forces, is either greater or less than the number herein-before mentioned.

3. There shall be paid to the keeper of a victualling house for Prices in

the accommodation provided by him in pursuance of the Army Act respect of the prices specified in the schedule to this Act. billeting.

Amendments of Army Act.

4. Whereas by section forty-four of the Army Act the punish- Amendment of ment of penal servitude when inflicted is required to be for a term 44* 45

not less than five years, and it is expedient to amend that section to term of

so as to bring it into conformity with the provisions of the Penal penal servitude.

Servitude Act, 1891; be it therefore enacted that — *4 & 55 Vict.

c 69

In the said section forty-four for the word "five " in each place where it occurs shall be substituted the word "three."

5. Whereas by section eighty of the Army Act the notice to be ^vict!* given to a person offering to enlist is required to direct that person c. 58. s. 80 as to appear before a justice of the peace at the time and place therein

A 2 — j attestation.

y, Ch. 2. Array (Annual) Act, 1892. 55 Vict.

mentioned, and it is expedient to amend this enactment; be it therefore enacted that —

(1.) In sub-section one of the said section eighty, after the words "justice of the peace," shall be inserted the words "either forthwith or."

(2.) In sub-section two of the same section, after the words "the justice shall ask him," shall be inserted the words. "whether he has been served with and understands the notice and."

Amendment of 0. Whereas by Part I. of the Second Schedule to the Army Act, dole to Army keeper of a victualling house on whom any soldier is billeted Act as to must, if required by the soldier, furnish him with one hot meal on

billeting. each of the days mentioned in that behalf in the said Part, and it

is expedient that any such keeper should, if so required by the soldier, furnish him with a breakfast also; be it therefore enacted that —

To the paragraph numbered (2) in Part L of the Second Schedule to the Army Act, after the word "pepper " shall be added " and " with a breakfast consisting of half a pound of bread and a cup of " tea."

SCHEDULE.

Accommodation to be provided. Maximum Price.

Lodging and attendance for soldier where hot meal furnished. Fourpence per night.

Hot meal as specified in Part I. of the Second Schedule to the Army Act. One shilling and threepence halfpenny each.

Breakfast as so specified - One penny halfpenny each.

Where no hot meal furnished, lodging and attendance, and candles, vinegar, salt, and the use of fire, and the necessary utensils for dressing and eating his meat. Fourpence per day.

Ten pounds of oats, twelve pounds of hay, and eight pounds of straw per day for each horse. One shilling and ninepence per day.

Lodging and attendance for officer Two shillings per night.

Note. — An officer shall pay for his food.

1892. Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1892. Ch. 3.

CHAPTER 8.

An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-one, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-two, and one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three.

[29th March 1S92.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sums herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time being may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-one, and one thousand eight hundred and ninety-two, the sum of five hundred and ten thousand nine hundred and forty-three pounds two shillings and threepence.

2. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time being may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three, the sum of thirteen million forty-one thousand five hundred and sixty-three pounds.

3. The Commissioners of the Treasury may borrow from time to time, on the credit of the said sums, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of thirteen million five hundred and fifty-two thousand five hundred and six pounds two shillings and threepence, and shall repay the moneys so borrowed, with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any sums so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

[Short title.]

4. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1892.

Ieeae of 510, 9481.2*. Sd. oat of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the years ending 81st March 1891 and 1892.

Issue of 18, 041, 568/. out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the year ending 81st March 1893.

Power to the Treasury to borrow.

6

Ch. 4.

Betting and Loans (Infants) Act, 1892. 55 Vict.

Persons sending documents to in infant inciting to betting guilty of a misdemeanor.

Persons sending to infants circulars inviting to borrow money guilty of a misdemeanor.

CHAPTER 4.

An Act to render Penal the inciting Infants to Betting or Wagering or to borrowing Money.

[29th March 1892.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) If anyone, for the purpose of earning commission, reward, or other profit, sends or causes to be sent to a person whom he knows to be an infant any circular, notice, advertisement, letter, telegram, or other document which invites or may reasonably be implied to invite the person receiving it to make any bet or wager, or to enter into or take any share or interest in any betting or wagering transaction, or to apply to any person or at any place, with a view to obtaining information or advice for the purpose of any bet or wager, or for information as to any race, fight, game, sport, or other contingency upon which betting or wagering is generally carried on, he shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be liable, if convicted on indictment, to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for a term not exceeding three months, or to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, or to both imprisonment and fine, and if convicted on summary conviction, to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for a term not exceeding one month, or to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or to both imprisonment and fine.

(2.) If any such circular, notice, advertisement, letter, telegram, or other document as in this section mentioned, names or refers to anyone as a person to whom any payment may be made, or from whom information may be obtained, for the purpose of or in relation to betting or wagering, the person so named or referred to shall be deemed to have sent or caused to be sent such document as aforesaid, unless he proves that he had not consented to be so named, and that he was not in any way a party to, and was wholly ignorant of, the sending of such document.

2. — (1.) If anyone, for the purpose of earning interest, commission, reward, or other profit, sends or causes to be sent to a person whom he knows to be an infant any circular, notice, advertisement, letter, telegram, or other document which invites or may reasonably be implied to invite the person receiving it to borrow money, or to enter into any transaction involving the borrowing of money, or to apply to any person or at any place with a view to obtaining information or advice as to borrowing money, he shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be liable, if convicted on indictment, to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for a term not exceeding three months, or to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, or to both imprisonment and fine, and if convicted on. summary conviction, to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for a term not exceeding one month, or to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or to both imprisonment and fine.

(2.) It any such document as above in this section mentioned sent to an infant purports to issue from any address named therein.

1892. Betting and Loans (Infants), 1892. Ch. 4.

or indicates any address as the place at which application is to be made with reference to the subject-matter of the document, and at that place there is carried on any business connected with loans, whether making or pioeaxing loans or otherwise, every person who attends at such place for the purpose of taking part in or who takes part in or assists in the carrying on of such business shall be deemed to have sent or caused to be sent such document as aforesaid, unless he proves that be was not in any way a party te and was wholly ignorant of the sending of such document

3. If any such circular, notice, advertisement, letter, telegram, or other document as in the preceding sections or either of them mentioned is sent to any person at any university, college, school, or other place of education, and such person is an infant, the person sending or causing the same to be sent shall be deemed to have known that such person was an infant, unless he proves that he had reasonable ground for believing such person to be of full age.

4. If anyone, except under the authority of any court, solicits an infant to make an affidavit or statutory declaration for the purpose of or in connexion with any loan, he shall be liable, if convicted on summary conviction, to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for a term not exceeding one month, or to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or to both imprisonment and fine, and if convicted on indictment, to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for a term not exceeding three months, or to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds.

5. If any infant, who has contracted a loan which is void in law, agrees after he comes of age'to pay any money which in whole or in part represents or is agreed to be paid in respect of any such loan, and is not a new advance, such agreement, and any instrument, negotiable or other, given in pursuance of or for carrying into effect such agreement, or otherwise in relation to the payment of money representing or in respect of such loan, shall* so far as it relates to money which represents or is payable in respect of such loan, and is not a new advance, be void absolutely as against all persons whomsoever.

For the purposes of this section any interest, commission, or other payment in respect of such loan shall be deemed to be a part of such loan.

6. In any proceeding against any person for an offence under this Act such person and his wife or husband, as the case may be, may, if such person thinks fit, be called, sworn, examined, and cross-examined as an ordinary witness in the case.

7. In the application of this Act to Scotland:

The word "infant" means and includes any minor or pupil: The word "indictment " has the same meaning as in the Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1887:

The expression "summary conviction" means a conviction under the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Acts.

[Short title.]

8. This Act may be cited as the Betting and Loans (Infants) Act, 1892.

Knowledge of infancy presumed in certain cases.

Soliciting infant to make affidavit in connexion with loan.

Avoiding contract for payment of loan advanced during infancy.

Person charged a competent witness.

Application to Scotland.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 85.

8

Ch. 5, 6.

Poor Law (Ireland) Act, 1892.

55 VICT.

CHAPTER 5.

An Act to amend the Poor Law (Ireland) Acts.

[20th May 1892.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1, This Act may be cited as the Poor Law (Ireland) Act, 1892.

Powers to 2. On and after the passing of this Act, where a child is main-

oveTchildreQ tained by the guardians of any union, and is an orphan, or a child other than whose parent is in receipt of indoor relief, the guardians shall have

deserted. in re3pect of such child all the powers conferred on them by

52 & 53 Vict. section one of the Poor Law Act, 1889, in respect to a child c‘ 56, deserted by its parent.

Provided that in respect to a child not deserted, the guardians shall cease to exercise their control if the parent of such child shall cease to be in receipt of indoor relief.

Extent of 3. This Act shall only apply to Ireland.

i

Application of Act by Order in Council.

Sealing in United Kingdom of colonial probates and letters of administration.

CHAPTER 6.

An Act to provide for the Recognition in the United Kingdom of Probates and Letters of Administration granted in British PossessioDS.

[20th May 1892.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Her Majesty the Queen may, on being satisfied that the legislature of any British possession has made adequate provision for the recognition in that possession of probates and letters of administration granted by the courts of the United Kingdom, direct by Order in Council that this Act shall, subject to any exceptions and modifications specified in the Order, apply to that possession, and thereupon, while the Order is in force, this Act shall apply accordingly.

2. — (1.) Where a court of probate in a British possession to which this Act applies has granted probate or letters of administration in respect of the estate of a deceased person, the probate or letters so granted may, on being produced to, and a copy thereof deposited with, a court of probate in the United Kingdom, be sealed with the seal of that court, and, thereupon, shall be of the like force and effect, and have the same operation in the United Kingdom, as if granted by that court.

1892. Colonial Probates Act, 1892. Ch. 6. 9

(2.) Provided that the court shall, before sealing a probate or letters of administration under this section, be satisfied —

(a.) that probate duty has been paid in respect of so much (if any) of the estate as is liable to probate duty in the United Kingdom; and

(b.) in the case of letters of administration, that security has been given in a sum sufficient in amount to cover the property (if any) in the United Kingdom to 'which the letters of administration relate; and may require such evidence, if any, as it thinks fit as to the domicile of the deceased person.

(3.) The court may also, if it thinks fit, on the application of any creditor, require, before sealing, that adequate security be given for the payment of debts due from the estate to creditors residing in the United Kingdom.

(4.) For the purposes of this section, a duplicate of any probate or letters of administration sealed with the seal of the court granting the same, or a copy thereof certified as correct by or under the authority of the court granting the same, shall have the same effect as the original.

(5.) Rules of court may be made for regulating the procedure and practice, including fees and costs, in courts of the United Kingdom, on and incidental to an application for sealing a probate or letters of administration granted in a British possession to which this Act applies. Such rules shall, so far as they relate to probate duty, be made with the* consent of the Treasury, and subject to any exceptions and modifications made by such rules, the enactments for the time being in force in relation to probate duty (including the penal provisions thereof) shall apply as if the person who applies for sealing under this section were a person applying for probate or letters of administration.

3. This Act shall extend to authorise the sealing in the United Application

Kingdom of any probate or letters of administration granted by 10

a British court in a foreign country, in like manner as it authorises -m

the sealing of a probate or letters of administration granted in foreign a British possession to which this Act applies, and the provisions of coantrie8-this Act shall apply accordingly with the necessary modifications.

4. — (1.) Every Order in Council made under this Act shall be Orders in laid before both Houses of Parliament as soon as may be after it is Council, made, and shall be published under the authority of Her Majesty's Stationery Office.

(2.) Her Majesty the Queen in Council may revoke or alter any Order in Council previously made under this Act.

(3.) Where it appears to Her Majesty in Council that the legis. lature of part of a British possession has power to make the provision requisite for bringing this Act into operation in that part, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty to direct by Order in Council that this Act shall apply to that part as if it were a separate British possession, and thereupon, while the Order is in force, this Act shall apply accordingly.

10

Ch. 6, 7-

CeUnial Probates , 1892.

55 VICT.

Application of Act to probates, &c. already granted.

Definitions.

Construction of Act.

Extension of mitTiwinm of labourers allot* ments under 40A 47 Vict. c. 60. s. 6;

48 & 40 Vict. c. 77. s. 16;

40 & SO Vict. c. 60. 9.12.

5. This Act when applied by an Order in Council to a British, possession shall, subject to the provisions of the Order, apply to probates and letters of administration granted in that possession either before or after the passing of this Act.

6. In this Act —

The expression "court of probate" means any court or authority, by whatever name designated, having jurisdiction in matters of probate, and in Scotland means the sheriff court of the county of Edinburgh:

The expressions "probate" and "letters of administration" include confirmation in Scotland, and any instrument having in a British possession the same effect which under English law is given to probate and letters of administration respectively:

The expression "probate duty " includes any duty payable on the value of the estate and effects for which probate or letters of administration is or are granted:

The expression "British court in a foreign country" means any British court having jurisdiction out of the Queen's dominions in pursuance of an Order in Council, whether made under any Act or otherwise.

[Short title.]

7. This Act may be cited as the Colonial Probates Act, 1892.

CHAPTER 7.

An Act to amend the Labourers (Ireland) Acts for the purpose of providing increased Allotments of Land for the Agricultural Labourers in Ireland.

[20th May 1892.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1892.

2. This Act shall be construed as one with the Labourers (Ireland) Acts, 1883 to 1891, and this Act and the said Acts may be cited as the Labourers (Ireland) Acts, 1883 to 1892.

3. Section six of the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883, shall be amended, and shall be construed as if for the words "half a statute acre " in the said section the words "a statute acre " were substituted. And section sixteen of the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1885, and section twelve of the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1886, shall be amended, and shall be construed as if for the words "half an acre " the words "a plot not exceeding a statute acre " were substituted.

1892.

Hares Preservation, 1892. Ch. 8, 9.

11

CHAPTER 8.

An Act to enact a Close Time for Hares during the Breeding Season.

[20th May 1892.]

Wf BEREAS hares form an important article of food, and have of late years greatly decreased in numbers in England, Scotland, and Wales, by reason of their being inconsiderately slaughtered, and owing to their marketable value it is important to provide for their protection during the breeding season:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Hares Preservation Act, 1892. short title.

2. It shall not be lawful during the months of March, April, CIose time-May, June, or July to sell or expose for sale in any part of Great Britain any hare or leveret, and any person who during the months aforesaid shall so sell or expose for sale any hare or leveret shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings, including costs of conviction.

3. This Act shall not apply to foreign hares imported into Great Saving as to

Britain, and there sold or exposed for sale. oreign res.

4. Every offence under this Act may be prosecuted in a summary Prosecution of manner, and every penalty imposed under this Act shall be applied offences-

in the manner directed by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts, and any Act amending the same.

5. In the application of this Act to Scotland the expressions Application to "justice " and "justices " shall mean sheriff or sheriff substitute. Scotland.

CHAPTER 9.

An Act to amend the Act of the eighth and ninth Victoria, chapter one hundred and nine, intituled "An Act to amend the Law concerning Games and Wagers."

[20th May 1892.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Any promise, express or implied, to pay any person any sum Promises to of money paid by him under or in respect of any contract or agree-

12

Ch. 9, 10.

Gaming A, 1892.

55 Vict.

contracts void by 8 & 9 Vict. c. 109. to be null and void.

[Short title.]

Citation of Acts in Schedule.

[Short title.]

ment rendered null and void by the Act of the eighth and ninth Victoria, chapter one hundred and nine, or to pay any sum of money by way of commission, fee, reward, or otherwise in respect of any such contract, or of any services in relation thereto or in connexion therewith, shall be null and void, and no action shall be brought or maintained to recover any such sum of money.

2. This Act may be cited as the Gaming Act, 1892.

CHAPTER 10.

An Act to facilitate the Citation of sundry Acts of Parliament.

[20th May 1892.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1, — (1.) Each of the Acts mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act may, without prejudice to any other mode of citation, be cited by the short title therein mentioned in that behalf.

(2.) Each of the groups of Acts mentioned in the Second Schedule to this Act may, without prejudice to any other mode of citation, be cited by the collective title therein mentioned in that behalf.

(3.) If any Act passed after this Act is directed, as to the whole or any part thereof, to be read with any of the groups of Acts mentioned in the Second Schedule to this Act, that group shall be construed as including that Act or part, and, if the collective title of the group states the first and last years of the group, the year in which that Act is passed shall be substituted for the last year of the group, and so on as often as a subsequent Act or part is added to the group.

2. This Act may be cited as the Short Titles Act, 1892.

1892.

Short Titles , 1892. Ch. 10.

13

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE. Short Titles.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

25 Edw. 3. Stat. 5. c. 2. Declaration what Offences shall be adjudged Treason. The Treason Act, 1351.

27 Hen. 8. c. 10. An Acte conSnyng uses and wylles The Statute of Uses.

28 Hen. 8. c. 15. An Act for punysshement of Pyrotes and Robbers of the See. The Offences at Sea Act, 1536.

5 & 6 Edw. 6. c. 16. - An Act against buyinge and sel-linge of offices. The Sale of Offices Act, 1551.

43 Eliz. c. 2. An Acte for the Releife of the Poore. The Poor Relief Act, 1601.

21 Jas. 1. c. 16. - An Acte for lymytacon of Accons and for avoiding of Suite in Lawe. The Limitation Act, 1623.

1 Chas. 1. c. 1. An Acte for punishing of divers abuses cOmitted on the Lordf Day called Sunday. The Sunday Observance Act, 1625.

14 Chas. 2. c. 12. An Acte for the better Releife of the Poore of this Kingdom. The Poor Belief Act, 1662.

19 A 20 Chas. 2. c. 8. An Act for the increase and preservation of timber within the Forest of Dean. The Dean Forest Act, 1667.

22 & 23 Chas. 2. c. 10. An Act for the better settling of intestates' estates. The Statute of Distribution.

29 Chas. 2. c. 3. An Act for prevention of Frauds and Perjuryes. The Statute of Frauds.

29 Chas. 2. c. 7. An Act for the better Observation of the Lords Day commonly called Sunday. The Sunday Observance Act, 1677.

31 Chas. 2. c. 2. An Act for the better secureing the Liberty of the Subject and for Prevention of Imprisonments beyond the Seas. The Habeas Corpus Act, 1679.

1685, c. 26. (Scotland) An Act concerning tailzies The Entail Act, 1685.

1 Will. & Mary, Sess. 2. c. 2. An Act declaring the rights and liberties of the Subject and seteling the Succession to the Crowne. The Bill of Bights.

14

Ch. 10.

Short Titles Act, 1892.

55 Vict-

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Tide.

2 Will. & Mar., Sess. 2. c. 2. An Act concerning the Commissioners of the Admiralty. The Admiralty Act, 1690.

3 Will. & Mar. c. 11. - An Act for the better explanation and supplying the defects of the former laws for the settlement of the poor. The Poor Belief Act, 1691.

5 & 6 Will. & Mar. c* 20. An Act for granting to theire Majesties severall Rates and Duties upon Tunnage of Shipps and Vessells and upon Beere Ale and other Liquors for secureing cer-taine Recompenses and Advantages in the said Act mentioned to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the sume of Fif-teene hundred thousand pound? toward? the carrying on the Warr against France. The Bank of England Act, 1694.

7 & 8 Will. 3. c. 3. - An Act for regulateing of Tryals in Cases of Treason and Misprision of Treason. The Treason Act, 1695.

S A 9 Will. 3. c. 20. - An Act for making good the Deficiencies of several Fund? therein mentioned and for enlargeing the Capital Stock of the Bank of England and for raising the Publick Creditt. The Bank of England Act, 1696.

9 Will. 3. c. 33. An Act for the increase and preservation of timber in the New Forest in the County of Southampton. The New Forest Act, 1697.

12 & 13 Will. 3. c. 2.- An Act for the further limitation of the Crown and better securing the rights and liberties of the Subject. The Act of Settlement.

1 Anne, c. 1. An Act for the better Support of Her Majesty's Household and of the honour and dignity of the Crown. The Crown Lands Act, 1702.

6 Anne, c. 11. An Act for an Union of the Two Kingdoms of England and Scotland. The Union with Scotland Act, 1706.

6 Anne, c. 40. An Act for reudring the Union of the Two Kingdoms more intire and complete. The Union with Scotland (Amendment) Act, 1707.

1892.

Short Titles, 1892. Ch. 10.

15

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

6 Anne, c. 41. An Act for the Security of Her Majesties Person and Government and of the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line. The Succession to the Crown Act, 1707.

6 Anne, c. 58. An Act for settling and establishing the Court of Exchequer in the North Part of Great Britain called Scotland. The Exchequer Court (Scotland) Act, 1707.

7 Anne, c. 12. An Act for preserving the Privileges of Ambassadors and other publick Ministers of Foreign Princes and States. The Diplomatic Privileges Act, 1708.

7 Anne, c. 20. - An Act for the Public registring of Deeds Conveyances and Wills and other Incumbrances which shall be made of or that may affect any Honors Manors Lands Tenements or Hereditaments within the County of Middlesex alter the Twenty-ninth day of September One thousand seven hundred and nine. The Middlesex Registry Act, 1708.

7 Anne, c. 21. An Act for improving the Union of the Two Kingdoms. The Treason Act, 1708.

7 Anne, c. 30. An Act for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England. The Bank of England Act, 1708.

13 Anne, c. 11. An Act for the better Maintenance of Curates within the Church of England, and for preventing any Ecclesiastical Persons from buying the next Avoidance of any Church Preferment. The Simony Act, 1713.

1 Geo. 1. Slat. 2. c. 5. An Act for preventing Tumults and riotous Assemblies, and for the more speedy and effectual punishing the Rioters. The Riot Act.

3 Geo. 1. c. 8. An Act for redeeming several Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England pursuant to former Provisoes of Redemption poses in this Act mentioned. The Bank of England Act, 1716.

9 Geo. 1. c. 7. An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Settlement, Imployment, and Relief of the Poor. The Poor Relief Act, 1722.

5 Geo. 2. c. 18. An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace. The Justices Qualification Act, 1731.

16

Ch. 10.

ShorttTitle8.1892.

55 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Tide.

8 Geo. 2. c. IS. V An Act for the Encouragement of the Arts of designing, engraving, and etching historical and other Prints, by vesting the Properties thereof in the Inventors and Engravers during the time therein mentioned. The Engraving Copyright Act, 1734.

11 Geo. 2. c. 19. An Act for the more effectual securing the Payment of Rents, and preventing Frauds by Tenants. The Distress for Rent Act, 1737.

12 Geo. 2. c. 28. An Act for the more effectual preventing of excessive and deceitful Gaming. The Gaming Act, 1738.

15 Geo. 2. c. 22. An Act to exclude certain officers from being members of the House of Commons. The House of Commons Disqualification Act, 1741.

17 Geo. 2. c. 3. An Act to oblige Overseers of the Poor to give publick Notice of Rates made for the Relief of the Poor, and to produce the same. The Poor Rate Act, 1743.

17 Geo. 2. c. 38. An Act for remedying some Defects in the Act made in the Forty-third year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled " An Act for the Relief of the Poor." The Poor Relief Act, 1743.

18 Geo. 2. c. 20. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled " An Act for the " further Qualification of Justices " of the Peace." The Justices Qualification Act, 1744.

18 Geo. 2. c. 34. An Act to explain, amend, and make more effectual the Laws in being to prevent excessive and deceitful Gaming; and to restrain and prevent tho excessive increase of Horse Races. The Gaming Act, 1744.

19 Geo. 2. c. 21. An Act more effectually to prevent profane Cursing and Swearing. The Profane Oaths Act, 1745.

19 Geo. 2. c. 22. An Act for the better Preservation of Havens, Roads, Channels, and navigable Rivers within that Part of Great Britain called England. The Harbours Ac<, 1745.

1892.

Shwt Title#, 1892. Ch. 10.

17

Session and Chapter.

Title.

[Short Title.]

20 Geo. 2. c. 43.

20 Geo. 2. c. 50.

20 Geo. 2. c. 51.

24 Geo. 2. c. 23.

25 Geo. 2. c. 30.

25 Geo. 2. c. 36.

26 Geo. 2. c. 14.

32 Geo. 2. c. 28.

1 Geo. 3. c. 13.

An Act the title of which begins with the words An Act for taking away " and ends with the words "Two Kingdoms more complete."

The Heritable Jurisdictions (Scotland) Act, 1746.

An Act the title of which begins The Tenures Abolition with the words "An Act for I Act, 1746. taking away " and ends with the j words " Settlements in the Highlands."

An Act ... to enable Heirs of Tailzie, Guardians, Tutors, Curators, and Trustees in Scotland to sell Lands to the Crown.

An Act for regulating the Commencement of the Year, and for correcting the Calendar now in use.

An Act to ameud an Act made in the last Session of Parliament (intituled An Act for regulating the Commencement of the Year, and for correcting the Calendar now in use).

An Act for the better preventing Thefts and Robberies, and for regulating Places of publick Entertainment, and punishing Persons keeping disorderly Houses.

An Act for the settling and ascertaining the Pees to he taken by Clerks to Justices of the Peace.

The Sales to Crown Act, 1746.

The Calendar (New Style) Act, 1750.

The Calendar Act, 1751.

The Disorderly Houses Act, 1751.

The Justices' Clerks' Pees Act, 1753.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the Relief of Debtors, " and ends with the words "for their Creditors Benefit."

The Debtors Imprisonment Act, 1758.

An Act to amend an Act passed; The Justices' Quali-in the Eighteenth Year of the fication Act, 1760. Reign of King George the Second concerning the Qualification of Justices of the Peace; and for -other Purposes therein mentioned. '

B

18

Ch. .10.

Short Titles, 1892.

55 Vict.

Session and Chapter.

Title.

[Short Title.]

7 Geo. 3. c. 38.

- An Act to amend and render more The Engraving Copy-effectual an Act made in the right Act, 1766. Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for Encouragement of the Arts of Designing, Engraving, and Etching Historical and other Prints.

10 Geo. 3. c. 47.

10 Geo. 3. c. 51.

12 Geo. 3. c. 11.

12 Geo. 3. c. 24.

12 Geo. 3. c. 72.

13 Geo. 3. c. 54.

13 Geo. 3. c. 63.

15 Geo. 3. c. 53.

- An Act for better regulating Persons employed in the Service of the East India Company, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act to encourage the Improvement of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland held under Settlements of strict Entail.

- An Act for the better regulating

the future Marriages of the Royal Family.

An Act for the better securing and preserving His Majesty's Dockyards, Magazines, Ships, Ammunition, and Stores.

- An Act ..... for extending

the Privilege of Bills to Promissory Notes and for limiting Actions upon Bills and Promissory Notes, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

- An Act for the more effectual pre-

servation of the game in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for repealing and amending several of the laws now in being relative thereto.

An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for " enabling the Two Universities " in England, " and ends with the wools " several Libraries therein mentioned."

The East India Company Act, 1770.

The Entail Improvement Act, 1770.

The Royal Marriages Act, 1772.

The Dockyards, &c. Protection Act, 1772.

The Bills of Exchange (Scotland) Act, 1772.

The Game (Scotland) Act, 1772.

The East India Company Act, 1772.

The Copyright Act, 1775.

1892.

Short Titles, 1892. Ch. 10.

19

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

17 Geo. 3. c. 53. An Act to promote the Residence of the Parochial-Clergy by making provision for the more speedy and effectual building, rebuilding, repairing, or purchasing Houses and other necessary Buildings and Tenements for the use of their Benefices. The Clergy Residences Repair Act, 1776.

17 Geo. 3. c. 57. An Act for more effectually securing 1 the Property of Prints to Inventors and Engravers, by enabling them to sue for and recover Penalties in certain Cases. The Prints Copyright Act, 1777.

19 Geo. 3. c. 20. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for tho " better raising and securing1* and ends with the words "for those purposes." The Ministers* Widows Fund (Scotland) Act, 1779.

21 Geo. 3. c. 49. An Act for preventing certain Abuses and Profanations on the Lord's Day, called Sumlay. The Sunday Observance Act, 1780.

21 Geo. 3. c. 70. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to " explain and amend so much of " an Act " and ends with the words "to the Process of the Supreme Court." The East India Company Act, 1780.

24 Geo. 3. Sess. 2. c. 25. An Act for the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company and of the British Possessions in India, and for establishing a Court of Judicature for the more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons accused of Offences committed in the East Indies. The East India Company Act, 1784.

26 Geo. 3. c. 57. An Act for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in the East Indies; and for the more easy Proof, in certain Cases, of Deeds and Writings executed in Great Britain or India. The East India Company Act, 1786.

26 Geo. 3. c. 71. An Act for regulating Houses and other Places kept for the Purpose of slaughtering Horses. The Knackers Act, 1786.

20

Ch. 10.

Short Titles, 1892.

55 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

32 Geo. 3. c. 56. 1 ' An Act for preventing the counterfeiting of certificates of the characters of servants. The Servants' Characters Act, 1792.

32 Geo. 3. c. 57. An Act for the farther Regulation of Parish Apprentices. The Parish Apprentices Act, 1792.

32 Geo. 3. c. 60. An Act to remove Doubts respecting the Functions of Juries in Cases of Libel. The Libel Act, 1792.

33 Geo. 3. c. 52. An Act for continuing in the East India Company for a further Term the Possession of the British Territories in India, together with their exclusive Trade, under certain Limitations; for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the said Territories and the better Administration of Justice within the same; j for appropriating to certain uses i i the Revenues and Profits of the j I said Company; and for making j 1 Provision for the good Order and j Government of the Towns of 1 Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay. The East India Company Act, 1793.

j 35 Geo. 3. c. 101. j An Act to prevent the Removal of Poor Persons until they shall become actually chargeable. The Poor Removal Act, 1795.

36 Geo. 3. c. 7. j An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and At- j tempts. The Treason Act, 1795.

30 Geo. 3. c. 10* - j j An Act the title whereof begins ! with the words "An Act for the j better relief of the poor" and l ends with the words "maintenance of the poor." i The Poor Relief Act, 1795.

36 Geo. 3. c. 52. -, I; :I I An Act for repealing certain Duties 1 on Legacies and Shares of Personal Estates, and for granting, other Duties thereon in certain Cases. The Legacy Duty Act, 1796.

1892.

Short Title* Act, 1892. Ch. 10.

21

Session and Chapter.

37 Geo. 3. c. 70.

37 Geo. 3. c. 123.

37 Geo. 3. c. 142.

38 Geo. 3. c. 5.

38 Geo. 3. c. 48.

38 Geo. 3. c. 60.

39 Geo. 3. c. 37.

39 Geo. 3. c. 55.

[Short Title.]

Title. |

An Act for the better Prevention I The incitement to and Punishment of Attempts to Mutiny Act, 1797. seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land j i from their Duty and Allegiance ! to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience.

i An Act for more effectually pre- The Unlawful Oaths veuting the administering or, Act, 1797.

! taking of unlawful oaths.

1. An Act for the better Administra- l The East India Act,

1 tion of Justice at Calcutta, Ma- 1797. j dras, and Bombay; and tor preventing British Subjects from j being concerned in Loans to the

j Native Princes in India.

1

An Act for granting an Aid to His The Land Tax Act, Majesty by a Land Tax, to be 1797. raised in Great Britain, for the:

Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

An Act to alter and amend so The Land Tax Com-i much of an Act passed in this missioners Act, present Session of Parliament, in- 1798. tituled "An Act for granting an ]

" Aid to His Majesty by a Land,

" Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the j " Year One thousand seven

I " hundred and ninety-eight, " as

relates to the Qualification of Commissioners. t

An Act for making perpetual, sub-, The Laud Tax Per-ject to Redemption and Purchase; petuation Act, 1798.

I in the Manner therein stated, the '

several Sums of Money now:charged in Great Britain as a

j Land Tax for One Year from the,

j Twenty-fifth day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

An Act for remedying certain 1 The Offences at Sea defects in the law respecting | Act, 1799. offences committed upon the (

High Seas.

An Act for encouraging the Iin- J The Tbirlage Act, provement of Lands subject to | 1799.

the Servitude of Thirlage in that ' j Part of Great Britain called Scot- i land.)

22

Ch. 10.

Short Titles Act, 1892.

55 Vict-

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. i Title.

39 Geo. 3. c. 79. - | 1 An Act for the more effectual Suppression of Societies established for seditious and treasonable purposes and for better preventing treasonable and seditious practices. The Unlawful Societies Act, 1799.

39 & 40 Geo. 3. c. 28.- An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for advancing the Sum of Three millions towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred. The Bank of England Act, 1800.

39 & 40 Geo. 3. c. 67. An Act for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland. The Union with Ireland Act, 1800.

39 & 40 Geo. 3. c. 79. An Act for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the British Territories in India, and the better Administration of Justice within the same. The Government of India Act, 1800.

39 & 40 Geo. 3. c. 93. An Act for regulating Trials for High Treason and Misprision of High Treason in certain Cases. 4 The Treason Act, 1800.

41 Geo. 3. c. 23. An Act for the better Collection of Rates made for the Relief of the Poor. The Poor Rate Act, 1801.

41 Geo. 3. c. 79. An Act for the better Regulation of Public Notaries in England. The Public Notaries Act, 1801.

41 Geo. 3. c. 90. An Act for the more speedy and effectual Recovery of Debts due to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in right of the Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and for the better Administration of Justice within the same. The Crown Debts Act, 1801.

41 Geo. 3. c. 109. An Act for consolidating in one Act certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Facts usually required on the passing of such Acts. The Inclosure (Consolidation) Act, 1801.

42 Geo. 3. c. 46. An Act the title whereof begins i with the words "An Act to 1 require overseers " and ends with 1 the words "subsequent Acts." The Parish Apprentices Act, 1802.

1892.

Short Titles Act, 1892. Ch. 10.

23

[Short Title.]

Session end Chapter. Title.

42 Geo. 3. c. 56. [An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth year of the reign of His present Majesty for granting stamp duties on certain medicines, and for charging other duties in lieu thereof, and for making effectual provision for the better collection of the said duties. The Medicines Stamp Act, 1802.

42 Geo. 3. c. 116. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for consolidating the Provisions " and ends with the words "have been " redeemed or purchased." The Land Tax Redemption Act, 1802.

42 Geo. 3. c. 119. An Act to suppress certain Games and Lotteries not authorised by Law. The Gaming Act, 1802.

43 Geo. 3. c. 51. An Act to render more effectual an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of Ills present Majesty's Reign for consolidating the provisions of the several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax. The Land Tax Redemption Act, 1803.

43 Geo. 3. c. 140., An Act to enable the Judges of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster to award Writs of Habeas Corpus for bringing Persons detained in Gaol before Courts-Martial and the several Commissioners therein mentioned. The Habeas Corpus Act, 1803.

43 Geo. 3. c. 161. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for " repealing the several Duties " and ends with the words "C&r- riages by Auction or on Coin- mission." The House Tax Act, 1803.

44 Geo. 3. c. 54. An Act to consolidate and amend the Provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain; and to make further Regulations relating thereto. The Yeomanry Act, 1804.

44 Geo. 3. c. 98.; An Act to repeal the several duties under the Commissioners for managing the duties upon stamped vellum, parchment, and paper in Great Britain, and to grant new and additional duties in lieu i thereof. The Stamp Act, 1804.

24

Ch. 10.

tikvrt Titles , 1892.

55 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Sesrion and Chapter., Title.

44 Geo. 3. c. 102. An Act for the more effectual Administration of Justice in those Parts of the United Kingdom of i Great Britain called England i and Ireland by issuing of Writs 1 of Habeas Corpus ad testificandum in certain cases. i The Habeas Corpus Act, 1804.

45 Geo. 3. c. 77. I 1 An Act to amend and render more j effectual an Act passed in the | Forty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for consolidating; the provisions of the several Acts 1 passed for the Redemption and ' Sale of the Land Tax into one 1 Act. The Laud Tax Redemption Act, 1805.

46 Geo. 3. c. 54. - 1 i An Act for the more speedy Trial 1 of Offences committed in distant Parts upon the Sea. The Offences at Sea Act, 1806.

46 Geo. 3. c. 153. i An Act for the preservation of the Publick Harbours of the United Kingdom. The Public Harbours Act, 1806.

48 Geo. 3. c. 47. - | An Act for quieting possessions and confirming defective Titles in Ireland, and limiting the Right of the Crown to sue in manner j therein mentioned; and for the Relief of Incumbents in respect of Arrears due to the Crown during ! the Incumbency of their Predecessors. The Crown Claims Limitation (Ireland) Act, 1808.

48 Geo. 3. c. 72. I An Act for the Increase and Preservation of Timber in Dean and | New Forests. The Dean and New Forests Act, 1808.

48 Geo. 3. c. 110. j An Act for the further encourage-. ment and better Regulation of the British White Herring Fishery until the First day of June One thousand eight hundred [and thirteen, and from thence to the end of the then next Session i of Parliament. The Herring Fishery (Scotland) Act, 1808.

48 Geo. c. 138. | An Act for defining and regulating the Powers of the Commission of Teinds, in augmenting and modifying the Stipends of the Clergy of Scotland. The Teinds Act, 1808.

1892.

Short Title* Act, 1892. Ch. 10.

25

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. | Title.

48 Geo. 3. c. 140. An Act for the more effectual administration of the Office of a justice of the peace and for the more effectual prevention of felonies within the district of Dublin metropolis. 1 The Dublin Police Magistrates Act, | 1808. i i i

48 Geo. 3. c. 151. An Act concerning the Administration of Justice in Scotland, and concerning Appeals to the House of Lords. i The Court of Session Act, 1808.

49 Geo. 3. c. 42. An Act for better regulating the Publick Records of Scotland. i; The Public Records j (Scotland) Act, ! 1809. i

49 Geo. 3. c. 120. An Act for amending and reducing into one Act of Parliament several laws for raising and training the Militia of Ireland. I ! The Militia (Ireland) i Act, 1809.

49 Geo. 3. c. 124. An Act the title whereof begins with the words "An Act for " altering" and ends with the words "of the poor." The Poor (Settlement and Removal) Act, 1809.

49 Geo. 3. c. 126. An Act for the further Prevention of the Sale and Brokerage of Offices. The Sale of Offices Act, 1809.

50 Geo. 3. c. 49. An Act to amend the Laws for the Relief of the Poor, so far as relate to the examining and allowing the Accounts of Churchwardens and Overseers by Justices of the Peace. The Poor Rate Act, 1810.

50 Geo. 3. c. 58. t An Act to amend several Acts for the redemption and sale of the Land Tax. The Land Tax Redemption Act, 1810.

50 Geo. 3. c. 84. An Act for augmenting Parochial Stipends in certain cases in Scotland. The Teinds Act, 1810.

50 Geo. 3. c. 85. An Act to regulate the taking of securities in all offices in respect of which security ought to be 1 given, and for avoiding the grant of all such offices in the event of such security not being given within a time to be limited after i the grant of such office. The Government Offices Security Act, 1810.

26

Ch. 10.

Short Tiile8 1892.

56 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

50 Geo. 3. c. 112.:An Act for abridging the form of extracting Decrees of the Court of Session in Scotland, and for the Regulation of certain Parts of the Proceedings of that Court. The Court of Session Act, 1810.

51 Geo. 3. c. 37. An Act further to prevent the Marriage of Lunatics. The Marriage of Lunatics Act, 1811.

52 Geo. 3. c. 38. An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Local Militia in England. The Militia (England) Act, 1812.

52 Geo. 3. c. 68. An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Local*Militia in Scotland. The Militia (Scotland) Act, 1812.

52 Geo. 3. c. 102. An Act for the registering and securing of Charitable Donations. The Charitable Donations Registration Act, 1812.

52 Geo. 3. c. 104. An Act to render more effectual an Act passed in the thirty-seventh year of His present Majesty for preventing the administering or taking of unlawful oaths. The Unlawful Oaths Act, 1812.

52 Geo. 3. c. 150. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign for granting Stamp Duties in Great Britain so far as regards the Duties granted on Medicines and on Licences for vending the same. The Medicines Stamp Act, 1812.

53 Geo. 3. c. 28. An Act to extend and amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament for amending the Laws relating to the Local Militia in England. The Militia England) Act, 1813.

53 Geo. 3. c. 29. An Act to extend and amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled "An Act for amending the Laws relating " to the Local Militia in Scotland." The Militia (Scotland) Act, 1813.

53 Geo. 3. c. 48. ' An Act to amend the Laws relating I to raising and training the Militia in Ireland. The Militia (Ireland) Act, 1813.

53 Geo. 3. c. 64. An Act for the better Regulation of the Court of Session in Scotland. The Court of Session Act, 1813.

1892.

Short Titles Act, 1892.

Cel 10.

27

[Short Title.]

Section and Chapter. Title.

53 Geo. 3. c. 123. An Act to amend and render more effectual several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax. The Land Tax Redemption Act, 1813.

53 Geo. 3. c. 142. - An Act to explain and amend several Acts relative to the Land Tax. The Land Tax Act, 1813.

53 Geo. 3. c. 155. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for continuing in the East India " Company " and ends with the words "Limits of the said Company's Charter." The East India Company Act, 1813.

54 Geo. 3. c. 56. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act of His present Majesty for encouraging the Art of making new Models and Casts of Busts and other Things therein mentioned, and for giving further Encouragement to such Arts. The Sculpture Copyright Act, 1814.

54 Geo. 3. c. 67. An Act to allow Viva Voce Verdicts to be returned to the High Court and Circuit Courts of Justiciary of Scotland in certain cases; and for allowing Appeals to the Circuit Courts of Justiciary in Civil Cases to a certain Amount. The Justiciary Courts (Scotland) Act, 1814.

54 Geo. 3. c. 146. - 1 j An Act to alter the Punishment in certain Cases of High Treason. The Treason Act, 1814.

54 Geo. 3. c. 159. An Act for the better Regulation of the several Ports, Harbours, Roadsteads, Sounds, Channels, Bays, and Navigable Rivers in the United Kingdom, and of His Majesty's Docks, Dock Yards, Arsenals, Wharfs, Moorings, and Stores therein; and for repealing several Acts passed for that purpose. The Harbours Act, 1814.

54 Geo. 3. c. 170. 1 An Act to repeal certain Provisions in Local Acts for the Maintenance and Regulation of the Poor; and to make other Provisions in relation thereto. The Poor Relief Act, 1814.

54 Geo. 3. c. 173. i An Act to alter and amend certain of the Powers and Provisions of several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, and for making further Provision for the Redemption thereof. The Land Tax Redemption Act, 1814.

28

Ch. 10.

Short Titles Act, 1892.

55 Yicrr.

Session and Chapter.

Title.

[Short Title.]

55 Geo. 3, c. 42.

55 Geo. 3. c. 94. 55 Geo. 3. c. 128. 55 Geo. 3. c. 184.

55 Geo. 3. c. 194.

56 Geo. 3. c. 46. 56 Geo. 3. c. 98.

56 Geo. 3. c. 100.

57 Geo. 3. c. 6.

57 Geo. 3. c. 19. 57 Geo. 3. c. 91.

An Act to facilitate the Administration of Justice in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland by the extending Trial by Jury to Civil Causes.

An Act to continue and amend several Acts relating to the British White Herring Fishery.

An Act to enable His Majesty to acquire ground necessary for Signal and Telegraph Stations.

An Act for repealing the Stamp Duties ou Deeds, Law Proceedings, and other written or printed instruments, and the Duties on Fire Insurances and on Legacies and Successions to Personal Estate upon Intestacies now payable | in Great Britain, and for granting j other Duties iu lieu thereof.

An Act for better regulating the j Practice of Apothecaries throughout England and Wales.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Civil List.

; An Act to unite and consolidate j into One Fund all the Public I Revenues of Great Britain and i Ireland, and to provide for the j Application thereof to the General ! Services of the United Kingdom.

I An Act for more effectually securing | the Liberty of the Subject.

An Act to make perpetual certain j Parts of an Act of the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty ! for the Safety and Preservation j of His Majesty's Person.

J against Treasonable and Seditious

I Practices and Attempts.

I

An Act for the more effectually preventing Seditious Meetings and Assemblies.

An Act to enable Justices of the Peace to settle the Fees to be taken by the Clerks of the Peace of the respective Counties and other I Divisions of England and Wales.

I The Jury Trials I (Scotland) Act, 1815.

The Herring Fishery (Scotland) Act, 1815.

I The Admiralty (Signal Stations) Act, 1815.

I The Stamp Act, 1815.

The Apothecaries Act, 1815.

The Civil List Audit Act, 1816.

' The Consolidated Fund Act, 1816.

The Habeas Corpus Act, 1816.

I

The Treason Act, 1817.

The Seditious Meetings Act, 1817.

1 The Clerks of the Peace (Fees) Act, 1817.

i

1892.

Short Titles Act, 1892. Ch. 10.

29

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title. |

57 Geo. 3. c. 100. i I An Act to renew the Powers of exonerating Small Livings and Charitable Institutions from the Land Tax, and for making further Provision for the Redemption of the Land Tax. The Land Tax Redemption Act, 1817.

58 Geo. 3. c. 45. - | An Act for building and promoting the building of additional Churches in populous Parishes. The Church Building Act, 1818.

58 Geo. 3. c. 69. An Act for the Regulation of Parish Vestries. The Vestries Act, 1818.

58 Geo. 3. c. 70. An Act for facilitating the Means of prosecuting Persons accused of Felony and other Offences. The Disorderly Houses Act, 1818.

59 Geo. 3. c. 12. - j 1 An Act to amend the Laws for the Relief of the Poor. The Poor Relief Act, 1819.

59 Geo. 3. c. 25. [An Act to enable His Majesty to 1 fix the Rate and direct the Dis-, posal of Freight Money for the Conveyance of Specie and Jewels on board His Majesty's Ships and Vessels. The Freight for Treasure Act, 1819.

59 Geo. 3.e. 35. An Act the title of which begins with the words, "An Act to " amend an Act " and ends with the words "Trial by Jury to 1 Civil Causes." The Jury Trials (Scotland) Act, 1819.

59 Geo. 3. c. 38. An Act the title whereof begins with the words "An Act to " enable His Majesty " and ends with the words "United States of America." The North American Fisheries Act, 1319.

59 Geo. 3. c. 45. An Act to explain and amend certain Acts relative to the Court of Session in Scotland. The Court of Session Act, 1819.

59 Geo. 3. c. 85. An Act to amend and correct an Act of the last Session of Parliament for the Regulation of Parish Vestries in England. The Vestries Act, 1819.

59 Geo. 3. c. 134. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for building and promoting the building of additional Churches in populous Parishes. The Church Building Act, 1819.

30

Ch. 10.

Short Titles Act, 1892.

55 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 38. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for " establishing Regulations, " and ends with the words "and other " officers of the said Courts." The Court of Session Act, 1821.

3 Geo. 4. c. 33. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for " altering and amending several " Acts, " and ends with the words "unlawful and malicious Offenders." The Riotous Assemblies (Scotland) Act, 1822.

3 Geo. 4. c. 46. - An Act for the more speedy Return and Levying of Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and Recognizances estreated. The Levy of Fines Act, 1822.

3 Geo. 4. c. 52. - | An Act for better preventing private Distillation in Scotland. The Illicit Distillation (Scotland) Act, 1822.

3 Geo. 4. c. 72. An Act to amend and render more effectual Two Acts passed in the Fifty-eighth and Fifty-ninth years of His late Majesty for building and promoting the building of additional Churches in Populous Parishes. The Church Building Act, 1822.

4 Geo. 4. c. 37. An Act to amend an Act for the more speedy Return and Levying of Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and Recognizances estreated. The Levy of Fines Act, 1823.

4 Geo. 4. c. 76. An Act for amending the Laws respecting the Solemnization of Marriages in England. The Marriage Act, 1823.

4 Geo. 4. c. 91. An Act to relieve His Majesty's Subjects from all Doubt concerning the Validity of certain Marriages solemnized abroad. The Marriages Validity Act, 1823.

4 Geo. 4. c. 98. An Act for the better granting of confirmations in Scotland. The Confirmation of Executors (Scotland) Act, 1823.

5 Geo. 4. c. 32. An Act to amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament intituled " An Act for amending " the Laws respecting the Solem- nization of Marriages in England." The Marriage Act, 1824.

5 Geo. 4. c. 72. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act for augmenting Parochial Stipends in certain Cases in Scotland. The Teinds Act, 1824.

1892.

Short TMes Act, 1892. Ch. 10.

31

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Tide.

5 Geo. 4. c. 83. An Act for the Punishment of idle and disorderly Persons, and Rogues and Vagabonds, in that ! Part of Great Britain called England. j The Vagrancy Act, 1824.

5 Geo. 4. c. 84. An Act for the Transportation of Offenders from Great Britain. The Transportation Act, 1824.

5 Geo. 4. c. 87. An Act to authorise the Proprietors of Entailed Estates in Scotland to grant Provisions to the Wives or Husbands and Children of such Proprietors. The Entail Provisions Act, 1824.

5 Geo. 4. c. 96. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relative to the Arbitration of Disputes between Masters and Workmen. The Masters and Workmen Arbitration Act, 1824.

5 Geo. 4. c. 103. An Act to make further provision, and to amend and render more effectual three Acts passed in the fifty-eighth and fitty-ninth years of His late Majesty, and in the third year of His present Majesty for building and promoting the building of additional churches in populous parishes. The Church Building Act, 1824.

5 Geo. 4. c. 113. An Act to amend and consolidate the Laws relating to the Abolition of the Slave Trade. The Slave Trade Act, 1824.

6 Geo. 4. c .22. An Act to regulate the Qualification and the Manner of enrolling Jurors in Scotland, and of choosing Jurors on Criminal Trials there; and to unite Counties for the purposes of Trial in Cases of High Treason in Scotland. The Jurors (Scotland) Act, 1825.

6 Geo. 4. c. 23. An Act for the better Regulation of the Sheriff and Burgh Courts of Scotland. The Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1825.

6 Geo. 4. c. 48. An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of King George the Third, for the Recovery of Small Debts in Scotland. The Justices of the Peace Small Debt (Scotland) Act, 1825.

6 Geo. 4. c. 60. An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws relative to Jurors and Juries. The Juries Act, 1825.

32

Ch. 10.

Short Title* Act, 1892.

55 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

6 Geo. 4. c. 78. - ' An Act to repeal the several Laws relating to the Performance of Quarantine, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof. The Quarantine Act, 1825.

6 Geo. 4. c. 81. An Act to repeal Several Duties payable on Excise Licences in Great Britain and Ireland and to impose other Duties in lieu thereof, and to amend the Laws for granting Excise Licences. The Excise Licences Act, 1825.

6 Geo. 4. c. 120. - An Act for the better regulating of the Forms of Process in the Courts of Law in Scotland. The Court of Session Act, 1825.

7 Geo. 4. c. 46. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the better regulating Copartnerships " and ends with the words "as relates to the same." The Country Bankers Act, 1826.

7 Geo. 4. c. 64. - An Act for improving the Administration of Criminal Justice in England. The Criminal Law Act, 1826.

7 Geo. 4. c. 67. An Act to regulate the mode in which certain Societies or Copartnerships for Banking in Scotland may sue and be sued. The Bankers (Scotland) Act, 1826.

7 Geo. 4. c. 74. - An Act for Consolidating and Amending the Laws relating to Prisons in Ireland. The Prisons (Ireland) i Act, 1826. 1 !

7*8 Geo. 4. c. 53. - An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Collection and Management of the Revenue of Excise throughout Great Britain and Ireland. j The Excise Manage-| ment Act, 1827. i i

7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 65. - An Act to explain and remove Doubts touching the Admiralty. The Admiralty Act, 1827.

7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 66. - An Act for repealing the Laws now in force relating to the discovery of the Longitude at Sea. The Nautical Almanac Act, 1827.

7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 72. - An Act to amend the Acts for building and promoting the building of additional Churches in populous Parishes. The Church Building Act, 1827. i !

1892.

SJiort Titles Act, 1892. Ch. 10.

33

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

9 Geo. 4. c. 23. An Act to enable Bankers in England to issue certain unstamped Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange, upon Payment of a Composition in lieu of the Stamp Duties thereon. The Bank Notes Act, 1828. '

9 Geo. 4. c. 39. An Act for the Preservation of the Salmon Fisheries in Scotland. The Salmon Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1828.

9 Geo. 4. c. 58. An Act the title of which begins with the words, " An Act to regulate the granting" and ends with the words "without such certificate." The Licensing (Scotland) Act, 1828.

9 Geo. 4. c. 61. An Act to regulate the granting of Licences to Keepers of Inns, Alehouses, and Victualling Houses in England. The Alehouse Act, 1828.

9 Geo. 4. c. 69. An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Persons going armed by Night for the Destruction of Game. The Night Poaching Act, 1828.

9 Geo. 4. c. 74. An Act for improving the Administration of Criminal Justice in the East Indies. The Criminal Law (India) Act, 1828.

9 Geo. 4. c. 82. An Act to make Provision for the lighting, cleansing, and watching of Cities, Towns Corporate, and Market Towns, in Ireland, in certain cases. The Lighting of Towns (Ireland) Act, 1828.

9 Geo. 4. c. 83. An Act to provide for the Administration of Justice in New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land, and for the more effectual Government thereof, and for other purposes relating thereto. The Australian Courts Act, 1828.

9 Geo. 4. c. 92. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Savings Banks. The Savings Bank Act, 1828.

9 Geo. 4. c. 94. An Act for rendering valid Bonds, Covenants, and other Assurances for the Resignation of Ecclesiastical Preferments in certain specified Cases. The Clergy Resignation Bonds Act, 1828.

10 Geo. 4. c. 7. j An Act for the Relief of His Majesty's Roman Catholic Subjects. The Roman Catholic Relief Act, 1829.

34

Ch. 10.

Short Titles Act, 1892.

55 Vict.

I

Session and Chapter. I

10 Geo. 4. c. 24.

10 Geo. 4. c. 44.

10 Geo. 4. c. 50.

10 Geo. 4. c. 53.

11 Geo. 4. and 1 Will. 4. c. 18.

11 Geo. 4. &1 Will. 4. c. 36.

11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4. c. 37.

11 Geo. 4. and 1 Will. 4. c. 39.

11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4. c. 47.

11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4. c. 64.

Title. Short Tide.

An Act to enable the Commissioners The Government An-for the Reduction of the National nuities Act, 1829. Debt to grant Life Annuities and Annuities for Terms of Years.

An Act for improving the Police in and near the Metropolis.

The Metropolitan Police Act, 1829.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to consolidate and amend " and ends with the words "Isles of Man " and Alderney."

An Act to regulate the Duties, Salaries, and Emoluments of the Officers, Clerks, and Ministers of certain Ecclesiastical Courts in England.

An Act to render valid Marriages solemnized in certain Churches and Chapels.

An Act for altering and amending the Law regarding Commitments by Courts of Equity for Contempts, and the taking Bills pro Confesso.

An Act to amend an Act of the ninth year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, to facilitate Criminal Trials in Scotland, and to abridge the Period now required between the pronouncing of Sentence and Execution thereof, in cases importing a Capital Punishment.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Transportation of Offenders from Great Britain; and for punishing Offences committed by Transports kept to labour in the Colonies.

An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws for facilitating the Payment of Debts out of Real Estate.

An Act to permit the general Sale of Beer and Cyder by Retail in England.

The Crown Lands Act, 1829.

The Ecclesiastical Courts Act, 1829.

The Marriage Confirmation Act, 1830.

The Contempt of Court Act, 1830.

The Criminal Law (Scotland) Act, 1830.

The Transportation Act, 1830.

The Debts Recovery Act, 1830.

The Beerhouse Act, 1830.

1892.

Short Titles , 1892. Ch. 10.

35

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4. An Act for consolidating and amend- The Infants' Property

c. 65. ing the Laws relating to Property belonging to Infants, Femes Covert, Idiots, Lunatics, and Persons of Unsound Mind. Act, 1830.

11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4. An Act the title of which begins The Carriers Act,

c. 68. with the words "An Act for the " more effectual Protection " and ends with the words w declared " to them by the Owners " thereof." 1830.

11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4. c. 69. An Act for uniting the Benefits of The Court of Session

Jury Trial in Civil Causes with the ordinary Jurisdiction of the Court of Session, and for making certain other Alterations and Reductions in the Judicial Establishments of Scotland. Act, 1830.

1 2 Will. 4. c. 21. An Act to explain and amend Two Acts of the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-eighth Years of His Majesty King George the Third, so far as the same relate to Double Assessments of the Land Tax. The Land Tax Act, 1831.

1 2 Will. 4. c. 22. - An Act to amend the Laws relating to Hackney Carriages, and to Waggons, Carts, and Drays used ! in the Metropolis. The London Hackney Carriage Act, 1831.

1 4 2 Will. 4. c 32 An Act to amend the Laws in England relative to Game. The Game Act, 1831.

1 4 2 Will. 4. c. 33. An Act for the Extension and Promotion of Public Works in Ireland. The Public Works (Ireland) Act, 1831.

1 & 2 WU1.4. c. 37. - \ An Act to prohibit the Payment, in certain Trades, of Wages in Goods, or otherwise than in the current Coin of the Realm. The Truck Act, 1831.

, 42WiU.4. c. 38. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled " An Act to amend the " Acts for building and pro* moting the building of additional Churches in populous " Parishes." The Church Building Act, 1831.

36

Ch. 10,

Short Titles Act, 1892.

55 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. I Tide. 1

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 41. - An Act for amending the Laws relative to the Appointment of Special Constables, and for the better Preservation of the Peace. The Special Constables Act, 1831.

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 45. - An Act to extend the provisions of an Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled " An Act for confirming " and perpetuating Augmentations made by Ecclesiastical " persons to small Vicn rages and " Curacies, and for other purposes." The Augmentation of Benefices Act, 1831. 1 1

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 55. - An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws for suppressing the illicit making of Malt and Dis- (tillation of Spirits in Ireland. The Illicit Distillation (Ireland) Act, 1831.

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 60. - An Act for the better Regulation of Vestries, and for the Appointment of Auditors of Accounts, in certain ! Parishes of England and Wales. The Vestries Act, 1831.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 1. - An Act for uniting the Office of the Surveyor General of His Majesty's, Works and Public Buildings with J the Office of the Commissioners (of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, i and Land Revenues; and for ! other Purposes relating to the Land Revenues. The Crown Lands Act, 1832.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 16. - An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws regulating the granting and issuing of Permits for the Removal of Goods under the 1 Laws of Excise. | The Excise Permit Act, 1832.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 40. - An Act to amend the Laws relating j to the Business of the Civil Departments of the Navy, and to make other Regulations for more effectually carrying on the Duties of the said Departments. The Admiralty Act, 1832.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 42. - An Act to authorize (in Parishes inclosed under any Act of Parliament) the letting of the Poor Allotments in small Portions to Industrious Cottagers. The Allotments Act, 1832.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 45. - An Act to amend the Representa- 1 tion of the People in England and 1 Wales. 1 The Representation of the People Act, [1832.

1892.

Short Titles, 1892. Ch. 10.

37

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 48. - An Act to regulate the OSce of Clerk of the Crown in the Court of King's Bench in Ireland. The Clerk of tho Crown (Ireland) Act, 1832.

2 & 3 WUl. 4. c. 53. - An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws relating to the ' Payment of Army Prize Money. The Army Prize Money Act, 1332.

2 A 3 Will. 4. c. 58. - An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for altering and amending the Law regarding Commitments by Courts of Equity for Contempts, and tho taking Bills pro Confesso; and to explain certain Parts thereof. The Contempt of Court Act, 1832.

2 A 3 Will. 4. c. 59. - An Act to transfer the Management of certain Annuities on Lives from the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer to the Management i of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; and to amend an Act for enabling the said Commissioners to grant Life Annuities and Annuities for Terms of Years. The Government Annuities Act, 1832.

2 A 3 Will. 4. c. 61. - An Act to render more effectual an Act passed in the fifty-ninth year of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled " An Act to " amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the last " Session of Parliament, for building and promoting the building " of additional Churches in populous Parishes." The Church Building Act, 1832.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 64. - An Act to settle and describo . the Limits of Cities and Boroughs, in England and Wales, in so far as respects the Election of Members to serve in Parliament. ! The Parliamentary Boundaries Act, 1832.

2 A 3 Will. 4. c. 65. - An Act to amend the Representation of the People in Scotland. The Representation of the People (Scotland) Act, 1832.

2 A 3 Will. 4. c. 68. - An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Trespasses upon Property by Persons in pursuit of Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland. The Game (Scotland) Act, 1832.

38

Ch. 10.

Short Titles Act, 1892.

55 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. | Title. |

I

2&3 Will. 4. c. 71. -2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 75.

2 fc 3 Will. 4. c. 87.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 88. -2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 89.

2&3 Will. 4. c. 108.-2&3 Will. 4. c. 112.-

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 115.-

2 &3 Will. 4. c. 120.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 14.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 15. -3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 22.

An Act for shortening the Time of I Prescription in certain Cases.

An Act for regulating Schools of i Anatomy. j

An Act to regulate the Office for 1 registering Deeds, Conveyances, j and Wills in Ireland. j

An Act to amend the Representa- J tion of the People of Ireland. j

An Act to settle and describe the Limits of Cities, Towns, and Boroughs in Ireland, in so far as ' respects the Election of Members i to serve in Parliament.

An Act for amending the Laws in Ireland relative to the Appointment of Special Constables, and for the better Preservation of the Peace. j

An Act to authorize the Hereditary Land Revenues of the Crown | in Scotland being placed under | the Management of the Commis- j sioners of the Land Revenues.

An Act for the better securing the Charitable Donations and Bequests of Her Majesty's subjects:in Great Britain professing the ! Roman Catholic Religion.

t

An Act to repeal the duties under j the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps on Stage Car- } riages and on Horses let forHirein Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof, and also to j consolidate and amend the Laws

I relating thereto. j

t

1. An Act to enable depositors in; Savings Banks and others to

i purchase Government annuities;

through the medium of Savings I Banks.

i I

1. An Act to amend the Laws relating | to Dramatic Literary Property.

I An Act to amend the Ijvws relating i to Sewers. I

The Prescription Act, 1832.

The Anatomy Act, 1832.

The Registry of Deeds (Ireland) Act, 1832.

The Representation of the People (Ireland) Act, 1832.

The Parliamentary Boundaries (Ireland) Act, 1832.

The Special Constables (Ireland) Act, 1832.

The Crown Lands (Scotland) Act, 1832.

The Roman Catholic Charities Act, 1832.

The Stage Carriages Act, 1832.

The Savings Bank Act, 1833.

The Dramatic Copyright Act, 1833.

The Sewers Act, 1833.

1892.

Short Titles Act, 1892. Ch. 10.

39

Session and Chapter. Title.

[Short Title.]

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 24.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 27.

3 A 4 Will. 4. c. 41.

3 A 4 Will. 4. c. 63.

3 A 4 Will. 4. c. 68.

3 A 4 Will. 4. c. 69.

3 A 4 Will. 4. c. 70.

3 A 4 Will. 4. c. 74.

3 A 4 Will. 4. c. 76.

3 A 4 Wifl. 4. c. 77.

An Act to amend an Act of the Tenth Year of His late Majesty for regulating the Reduction of the National Debt.

The Government Annuities Act, 1833.

An Act for the Limitation of Actions and Suits relating to Real Property, and for simplifying the Remedies for trying the Rights thereto.

The Real Property Limitation Act, 1833.

An Act for the better Administration of Justice in His Majesty's Privy Council.

The Judicial Committee Act, 1833.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to " render valid Indentures " and ends with the words "Indentures " by Corporations."

An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Sale of Wine, Spirits, Beer, and Cider by Retail in Ireland.

The Apprentices Act, 1833.

The Licensing (Ireland) Act, 1833.

An Act to extend and enlarge the Powers of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, in relation to the management and disposition of the Land Revenue of the Crown in Scotland.

The Crown Lands (Scotland) Act, 1833.

An Act to alter and amend an Act The Public Notaries of the Forty-first Year of His Act, 1833.

Majesty King George the Third, | for the better Regulation of j Public Notaries in England.

An Act for the Abolition of Fines The Fines and Re-and Recoveries, and for the Sub- coveries Act, 1833. Btitution of more simple Modes of Assurance.

An Act to alter and amend the Laws for the Election of the Magistrates and Councils of the Royal Burghs in Scotland.

The Royal Burghs (Scotland) Act, 1833.

An Act to provide for the Appoint- The Parliamentary ment and Election of Magistrates Burghs (Scotland) and Councillors for the several, Act, 1833.

Burghs and Towns of Scotland (which now return or contribute to return Members to Parliament j and are not Royal Burghs. I

40

Ch. 10.

Short Titles , 1892.

55 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 78. - An Act to amend the Laws relating to Grand Juries in Ireland. The Grand Jury (Ireland) Act, 1833.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 85. - An Act for effecting an Arrange* ment with the East India Company, and for the better Government of His Majesty's Indian Territories till the Thirtieth day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-four. The Government of India Act, 1833.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 90. - An Act to repeal an Act of the Eleventh Year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for the lighting and watching of Parishes in England and Wales, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof. The Lighting and Watching Act, 1833.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 98. - An Act for giving to the Corporation of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England certain Privileges, for a limited Period, under certain Conditions. The Bank of England Act, 1833.

3 &4 Will. 4. c. 105. - An Act for the Amendment of the Law relating to Lower. The Dower Act, 1833.

3 & 4 Will 4. c. 106. - An Act for the Amendment of the Law of Inheritance. The Inheritance Act, 1833.

4 & 5 Will. 4. c 22. - An Act to amend an Act of the Eleventh Year of King George the Second, respecting the Apportionment of Rents, Annuities, and other periodical Payments. J The A pportionment Act, 1834. i i:

4 &5 Will. 4. c. 24. - An Act to alter, amend, and consolidate the Laws for regulating the Pensions, Compensations, and Allowances to be made to Persons in respect of their having held Civil Offices in His Majesty's Service. The Superannuation 1 Act, 1834. !

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 36. - An Act for establishing a new 1 Court for the Trial of Offences committed in the Metropolis and ' Parts adjoining. i The Central Criminal Court Act, 1831. i 1 t

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 51. - I; An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Collection and J Management of the Revenue of i Excise. 1 The Excise Management Act, 1834. i

1892.

Short Titles Act, 1892. Ch. 10.

41

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 61. - An Act for the more effectually providing for the Erection of certain Bridges in Ireland. The Bridges (Ireland) Act, 1834.

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 76. - An Act for the Amendment and better Administration of the Laws relating to the Poor in England and Wales. The Poor Law Amendment Act, 1834.

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 85. - An Act to amend an Act passed in the First Year of His present Majesty, to permit the general Sale of Beer and Cider by Retail in England. The Beerhouse Act, 1834.

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 92. - i An Act for the Abolition of Fines and Recoveries, and for the Substitution of more simple Modes of Assurance, in Ireland. The Finos and Recoveries (Ireland) Act, 1834.

5 A 6 Will. 4. c. 24. - An Act for the Encouragement of the voluntary Enlistment of Seamen, and to make Regulations for j more effectually manning His Majesty's Navy. The Naval Enlistment Act, 1835.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 27. - 1 An Act to continue and amend certain Regulations for the Linen and Hempen Manufactures in Ireland. The Linen Manufactures (Ireland) Act, 1835.

5 A 6 Will. 4. c. 41. - An Act to amend the Law relating to Securities given for Considerations arising out of gaming, usurious, and certain other illegal Transactions. The Gaming Act, 1835.

5 A 6 Will. 4. c. 43. - ' An Act for enlarging the Powers of Magistrates in the Appointment of Special Constables. The Special Constables Act, 1835.

5 A 6 Will. 4. c. 50. - An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Highways in that part of Great Britain called England. t The Highway Act, 1835.

5 A 6 Will. 4. c. 54. - f An Act to render certain Marriages valid, and to alter the law with respect to certain voidable marriages. The Marriage Act, 1835.

5 A G Will. 4. c. 57. - i An Act to extend to Scotland certain provisions of an Act of the Ninth year of His late Majesty, , to consolidate and amend the laws relating to Savings Bunks. The Savings Bank Act, 1835.

42

Ch. 10.

Short Titles, 1892.

55 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 58. - An Act to amend the Act6 relating to the Hereditary Land Revenues of the Crown in Scotland. f i The Crown Lands (Scotland) Act, 1835.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 62. - An Act to make provisions for the abolition of unnecessary Oaths. The Statutory Declarations Act, 1835.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 65. - An Act for preventing the Publication of Lectures without Consent. The Lectures Copyright Act, 1835.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 69. - An Act to facilitate the Conveyance of Workhouses and other Pro- ! perty of Pa li sites and of Incorporations or Unions of Parishes in England and Wales. The Union and Parish Property Act, 1835.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 78. - An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Second and Third year of the Reign of King William the Fourth, for amending the Representation of the People in Scotland; and to diminish the Expences there. The Representation of the People (Scotland) Act, 1835.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 11. - An Act for the Registration of Aliens ..... The Registration of Aliens Act, 1836.

6 A 7 Will. 4. c. 13. - An Act to consolidate the Laws relating to the Constabulary Force in Ireland. The Constabulary (Ireland) Act, 1836.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 20. - An Act for imposing certain Restrictions on the Renewal of Leases by Ecclesiastical Persons. The Ecclesiastical Leases Act, 1836.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 28. - An Act to enable persons to make deposits of Stock or Exchequer Bills, in lieu of giving security by Bond to the Postmaster-General and Commissioners of Land Revenue, Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Taxes. i The Government j Offices Security | Act, 1836. 1

6 A 7 Will. 4. c. 29. An Act for improving the Police in the District of Dublin Metropolis. 1 The Dublin Police Act, , 1836.

6 A 7 Will. 4. c. 37. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to " repeal the several Acts now in " force relating to Bread " and ends with the words "beyond the rt Limits aforesaid." The Bread Act, 1836. i

1892.

Short Titles Act, 1892. Ch. 10.

43

Session and Chapter.

Title.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 38. -; An Act to amend an Act passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled " An Act to amend the Laws relating to Excise Licen-I " ces, and to the Sale of Wine,

] " Spirits, Beer, and Cider, by

I " Retail, in Ireland."

I

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 42. - j An Act to grant certain Powers to I Heirs of Entail in Scotland, and I to authorize the Sale of Entailed Lands for the Payment of certain Debts affecting the same.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 56. - An Act for regulating the Process j of Cessio bonorum in the Court of Session, and for extending the Jurisdiction of Sheriffs in Scotland to such Cases.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 59.

An Act to extend the Protection of Copyright in Prints and Engravings to Ireland.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 71. - An Act for the Commutation of | Tithes in England and Wales.

j

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 77. - j An Act the title of which begins

with the words "An Act for " carrying into effect the i " Reports" and ends with the j words " Dioceses, Revenues, and Patronage."

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 85. - ! An Act for Marriages in England -

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 86. - An Act for registering Births,

Deaths, and Marriages in England.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 106.

An Act the title of which begins ! with the words "An Act to m ake, " Provision for the better " and | ends with the words "Court3 of j " the said Stannaries." j

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 108. -; An Act to amend an Act passed in the First and Second Years of | His present Majesty, for the ! Extension and Promotion of Public Works in Ireland. i

[Short Title.]

The Licensing (Ireland) Act, 1836.

The Entail Powers Act, 1836.

The Cessio (Scotland) Act, 1836.

The Prints and Engravings Copyright (Ireland) Act, 1836.

The Tithe Act, 1836.

The Ecclesiastical | Commissioners Act, 1836.

The Marriage Act, 1836.

I

The Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1836.

The Stannaries Act, 1836.

The Public Worko (Ireland) Act, 1836.

44

Ch. 10.

Short Titles Act, 1892.

55 Vict.

Session and Chapter. I

---- f

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 110.-

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 116.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 2.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 21.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 22.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 25.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 26.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 28.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 33.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 36.

i

Title.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the Fifty-fourth Year of King George the Third, respecting Copyright*}, as requires the Delivery of a Copy of every published Book to the Libraries of Sion College, the Four Universities of Scotland, and of the King's Inns in Dublin.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Presentment of Public Money by Grand Juries in Ireland.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for consolidating and amending the Laws relating to the Presentment of Public Money by Grand Juries in Ireland.

An Act to amend (he Acts for the Extension and Promotion of Public Works in Ireland.

An Act to explain and amend Two Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament, for Marriages, and for registering Births, Deaths, and Marriages, in England.

An Act to make more effectual Provisions relating to the Police in the District of Dublin Metropolis.

An Act for the Amendment of the Laws with respect to Wills.

An Act to amend an Act of the Third and Fourth Years of His late Majesty, for the Limitation of Actions and Suits relating to Real Property, and for simplifying the Remedies for trying the Rights thereto.

An Act for the Management of the Post Office.

An Act for consolidating the Laws relative to Offences against the Post Office of the United Kingdom, and for regulating the judicial Administration of the Post Office Laws, and for explaining certain Terms and Expressions employed in those Laws.

[Short Title.]

The Copyright Act, 1836.

The Grand Jury (Ireland) Act, 1836.

The Grand Jury (Ireland) Act, 1837.

The Public Works, (Ireland) Act, 1837.

The Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1837.

The Dublin Police Act, 1837.

The Wills Act, 1837.

The Real Property Limitation Act, 1837.

The Post Office (Management) Act, 1837.

The Post Office (Offences) Act, 1837.

ie

1892.

Short Titles Act, 1892. Ch. 10.

45

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 41. An Act for the more effectual Recovery of Small Debts in the Sheriff Courts, and for regulating the Establishment of Circuit Courts for the Trial of Small Debt Causes by the Sheriffs, in Scotland. The Small Debt (Scotland) Act, 1837.

7 Will. 4 & 1 Vict c. 45. An Act to alter the Mode of giving Notices for the holding of Vestries, of making Proclamations in Cases of Outlawry, and of giving Notices on Sundays with respect to various Matters. The Parish Notices Act, 1837.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 46. An Act to vest the Rolls Estate in Her Majesty, and to provide for the future Payment of the Salary of the Master of the Rolls and Expences of the Rolls Chapel. The Rolls Estate Act, 1837.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 69. j An Act to amend an Act for the j commutation of Tithes in England and Wales. The Tithe Act, 1837.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 73. An Act for better enabling Her Majesty to confer certain Powers and Immunities on trading and other Companies. The Chartered Companies Act, 1837.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 77. An Act to assimilate the Practice of the Central Criminal Court to other Courts of Criminal Judicature within the Kingdom of England and Wales with respect to Offenders liable to the Punishment of Death. The Central Criminal Court Act, 1837.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 83. An Act to compel Clerks of the Peace for Counties and other Persons to take the Custody of such Documents as shall be directed to be deposited with them under the Standing Orders of either House of Parliament. The Parliamentary Documents Deposit Act, 1837.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict c. 88. An Act to amend certain Acts relating to the Crime of Piracy. The Piracy Act, 1837.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 2. An Act for the Support of Her Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. The Civil List Act, 1837.

112 Vict. c. 20. An Act for the Consolidation of the Offices of First Fruits, Tenths, and Queen Anne's Bounty. The Queen Anne's Bounty Act, 1838.

46

Ch. 10.

Short Titles Act, 1892.

55 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title. |

I 1 & 2 Vict c. 28. - | j I j An Act, the title of which begins with the words "An Act to repeal the several Acts now in " force relating to Bread" and ends with the words "United " Kingdom called Ireland." The Bread (Ireland) Act, 1838.

1 & 2 Vict c. 38. - 1 An Act to amend an Act for punishing idle and disorderly Persons and Rogues and Vagabonds. The Vagrancy Act, 1838.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 43. i An Act for regulating the opening and working of Mines and Quarries in the Forest of Dean and Hundred of Saint Briavels, in the County of Gloucester. The Dean Forest (Mines) Act, 1838.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 56. An Act for the more effectual Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland. The Poor Relief (Ireland) Act, 1838.

1 & 2 Vict c. 58. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to vest " in the Commissioners of the " Treasury" and ends with the words "Lands are liable to be " rated to the Laud Tax." The Land Tax Redemption Act, 1838.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 61. An Act to amend an Act for enabling ])ersons to make deposits of Stock or Exchequer bills in lieu of giving security by Bond to the Postmaster-General and Commissioners of Land Revenue, Customs, Excise, Stamps and Taxes. The Government Offices Security Act, 1838.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 64. An Act to facilitate the Merger of Tithes in Land. The Tithe Act, 1838.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 74. An Act to facilitate the Recovery of Possession of Tenements after due Determination of the Tenancy. The Small Tenements Recovery Act, 1838.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 82. An Act for establishing a Prison for young Offenders. The Parkhurst Prison Act, 1838.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 86. An Act to diminish Delay and Expence in Advocations and Suspensions in the Court of Session in Scotland. The Court of Session (No. 1) Act, 1838.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 94. An Act for keeping safely the Public Records. The Public Record Office Act, 1838.

1 & 2 Vict c. 98. An Act to provide for the Conveyance of the Mails by Railways. The Railways (Conveyance of Mails) Act, 1838.

1892.

Short Titles Act, 1892. Ch. 10.

47.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 106. - An Act to abridge the holding of Benefices in Plurality, and to make l>etter Provision for the Residence of the Clergy. The Pluralities Act, 1838.

J & 2 Vict. c. 107. - An Act to amend and render more effectual the Church Building Acts. The Church Building Act, 1838.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 109. - An Act (o abolish Compositions for Tithes in Ireland, and to substitute Rentcharges in lieu thereof. The Tithe Rentcharge (Ireland) Act, 1838.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 110. - An Act for extending the remedies of Creditors against the Property of Debtors. The Judgments Act, 1838.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 114. - An Act to amend the Law of Scotland in Matters relating to Personal Diligence, Arrestments, and Poindings. The Debtors (Scotland) Act, 1838.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 118. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to make " certain Alterations in* and ends with the words "payable in those Courts." The Court of Session (No. 2) Act, 1838.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 119. An Act to regulate the Constitution, Jurisdiction, and Forms of Process of Sheriff Courts in Scotland. The Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1838.

2 <fc 3 Vict. c. 1. An Act to amend an Act of the First and Second Year of Her present Majesty for the more effectual Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland. The Poor Relief (Ireland) Act, 1839.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 11. An Act for the better-Protection of Purchasers against' Judgments, Crown Debts, Lis Pendens, and Fiats in Bankruptcy. The Judgments Act, 1839.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 36. An Act to regulate the Duties to be performed by the Judges in the Supreme Courts of Scotland . The Court of Session Act, 1839.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 47. An Act for further improving the Police in and near the Metropolis. The Metropolitan Police Act, 1839.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 49. An Act to make better Provision for the Assignment of Ecclesiastical Districts to Churches or Chapels augmented by the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, and for other purposes. The Church Building Act, 1839.

48

Ch. 10.

Short Titles Act, 1892.

55 Vict.

Session and Chapter. Title.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 50.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 51.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 60.

2 & 3 Vict c. 62.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 71. 2 & 3 Vict. c. 75.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 78.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 84.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 93.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 15. 3 & 4 Vict. c. 48.

I I

-; Ad Act the title of which begins i with the worda "An Act to

" extend and amend the Provi- 1 | " siona of" and ends with the

I words " Presentments and Parochial Assessments."

-; An Act to regulate the Payment

and Assignment in certain Cases of Pensions granted for Service in Her Majesty's Army, Navy, | Royal Marines, and Ordnance.

I

- | An Act to explain and amend the | | Provisions of an Act passed in the First year of His late Ma- !

; jesty King William the Fourth, j

' intituled " An Act for consoli-

j " dating and amending the Laws | I " for facilitating the Payment of " Debts out of Real Estate."

- | An Act to explain and amend the j Acts for the Commutation of

Tithes in England and Wales.

- An Act for regulating the Police

Courts in the Metropolis.

- An Act for the better Regulation of

the Constabulary Force in Ireland.

- An Act to make further Provisions

relating to the Police in the District of Dublin Metropolis.

- An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Assessment and Collection of Rates for the Relief of the Poor.

- An Act for the Establishment of

County and District Constables by the Authority of Justices of the Peace.

- An Act further to explain and amend

the Acts for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales.

- An Act to enable Proprietors of

Entailed Estates in Scotland to Feu or Lease on long Leases Portions of the same for the building of Churches and Schools, and for Dwelling Houses and Gardens for the Ministers and Masters thereof.

[Short Title.]

The Public Works (Ireland) Act, 1839.

The Pensions Act, 1839.

The Debts Recovery Act, 1839.

The Tithe Act, 1839.

The Metropolitan Police Courts Act, 1839.

The Constabulary (Ireland) Act, 1839.

The Dublin Police Act, 1839.

The Poor Rate Act, 1839.

The County Police Act, 1839.

The Tithe Act, 1840.

The Entail Sites Act, 1840.

1892.

Short Titles, 1892. Ch. 10

49

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 59. - An Act for the Amendment of the Law of Evidence in Scotland. The Evidence (Scotland) Act, 1840.

3 «& 4 Vict. c. 60. An Act to further amend the Church Building Acts. The Church Building Act, 1840.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 61. An Act to amend the Acts relating j to the general Sale of Beer and Cider by Retail in England. The Beerhouse Act, 1840.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 72. An Act to provide for the Solemnization of Marriages in the Districts in or near which the parties reside. The Marriage Act, 1840.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 77. An Act for improving the Condition and extending the Benefits of Grammar Schools. The Grammar Schools Act, 1840.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 82. - An Act for further amending the Act for abolishing arrest on Mesne Process in Civil Actions. The Judgments Act, 1840.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 85. An Act for the Regulation of Chimney Sweepers and Chimneys. The Chimney Sweop-ers and Chimneys Regulation Act, 1840.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 86. An Act for better enforcing Church Discipline. The Church Discipline Act, 1840.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 88. An Act to amend the Act for the Establishment of County and 1 District Constables. The County Police Act, 1840.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 96. -, An Act for the Regulation of the Duties of Postage. The Post Office (Duties) Act, 1840.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 97. i An Act for regulating Railways - The Railway Regulation Act, 1840.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 105. - | An Act for extending the Remedies of Creditors against the Property of Debtors; and for the further Amendment of the Law and the better Advancement of Justice, in Ireland. The Debtors (Ireland) Act, 1840.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 108. - An Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in Ireland. i The Municipal Corporations (Ireland) Act, 1840.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 110. An Act to amend the Laws relating j to Loan Societies. j The Loan Societies ! Act, 1840.

50

Ch. 10.

Short Titles 1892.

55 Vict.

Session and Chapter. Title. Short Tide.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 113. - An Act to carry into effect, with The Ecclesiastical

certain Modifications, the Fourth ' Report of the Commissioners of Ecclesiastical Duties and Revenues. Commissioners Act, 1840.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 20. An Act to alter and amend certain Laws relating to the Collection and Management of the Duties of Excise. The Excise Management Act, 1841.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 30. An Act to authorize and facilitate the completion of a Survey of Great Britain, Berwick - upon -Tweed, and the Isle of Man. The Ordnance Survey Act, 1841.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 35. An Act for the Commutation of certain Manorial Rights in respect of Lands of Copyhold and Customary Tenure, and in respect of other Lauds subject to such Rights, and for facilitating the Enfranchisement of such Lands, and for the Improvement of such Tenure. The Copyhold Act, 1841.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 38. An Act to afford further Facilities for the Conveyance and Endowment of Sites for Schools. The School Sites Act, 1841.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 39. An Act to explain and amend Two. several Acts relating to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England. The Ecclesiastical ! Commissioners Act, 1841.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 45. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled "An Act to amend the " Laws relating to Sewers." The Sewers Act, 1841. 1

5 Vict. c. 1. An Act to authorise Her Majesty's Commissioners of Woods to grant building leases of the Royal Kitchen Garden at Kensington, and to form and improve other gardens, and to enable the said Commissioners to purchase lands of copyhold or customary tenure. The Crown Lands Act, 1841.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 18. An Act to explain and amend the Acts regulating the Sale of Parish Property; and to make further Provision for the Discharge of Debts, Liabilities, and Engagements incurred by or on behalf of Parishes. The Parish Property and Parish Debts Act, 1842.

1892.

Short Titles, 1892,

Ch. 10.

51

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 24. An Act for improving the Dublin Police. The Dublin Police Act, 1842.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 26. An Act to alter and amend the Law relating to Ecclesiastical Houses of Residence. The Ecclesiastical' Houses of Residence Act, 1842.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 28. An Act to assimilate the Law in Ireland, as to the Punishment of Death, to the Law in England; to abolish the Punishment of Death in certain Cases in Ireland, and to substitute other Punishments in lieu thereof. The Capital Punishment (Ireland) Act, 1842.

5 & 6 Vict c. 35. An Act for granting to Her Majesty Duties on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, until the Sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and forty-five. i 1 The Income Tax 1 Act, 1842.

5 & 6 Vic *, c. 45. An Act to amend the Law of Copyright. The Copyright Act* 1842.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 51. An Act for providing for the further Security and Protection of Her Majesty's Person. The Treason Act* 1842.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 54. An Act to amend the Acts for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales, and to continue the Officers appointed under the said Acts for a time to be limited. The Tithe Act, 1842.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 55. An Act for the better Regulation of Railways and for the Conveyance of Troops. The Railway Regulation Act, 1842.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 57. An Act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, and to the end of the then next Session of Parliament, the Poor Law Commission; and for the further Amendment of the Laws relating to the Poor in England. The Poor Law Amendment Act, 1842.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 89. An Act to promote the Drainage of Lands, and Improvement of Navigation and Water Power in connexion with such Drainage, in Ireland. The Drainage (Ireland)' Act, 1842.

52

Ch. 10.

Short Titles, 1892.

55 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 94. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Services of the Ordnance Department, and the vesting and Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments for those Services, and for the Defence and Security of the Realm. The Defence Act, 1842.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 104. An Act to explain and amend certain enactments contained respectively in the Acts for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales, and in Ireland. The Municipal Corporations (Ireland) Act, 1842.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 106. - An Act to regulate the Irish Fisheries. The Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1842.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 108. An Act for enabling Ecclesiastical Corporations, aggregate aDd sole, to grant Leases for long Terms of Years. The Ecclesiastical Leasing Act, 1842.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 18. An Act to amend the Law for the Registration of Persons entitled to vote, and to define certain Rights of voting, and to regulate certain Proceedings in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for England and Woles. The Parliamentary Voters Registration Act, 1843.

8 & 7 Vict. c. 23. - An Act to amend and explain an Act for the Commutation of certain Manorial Rights in respect of Lands of Copyhold and Customary Tenure, and in respect of other Lands subject to such Rights, and for facilitating the Enfranchisement of such Lands, and for the Improvement of such Tenure. The Copyhold Act, 1843.

G & 7 Vict. c. 32. An Act to amend the Laws in force relating to Grand Jury Presentments in Counties of Cities and Towns in Ireland. The Grand Juries (Ireland) Act, 1843.

6 & 7 V:c*. c. 37. - An Act to make better Provision for the Spiritual Care of populous Parishes. The New Parishes Act, 1843.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 38. - An Act to make further Regulations for facilitating the hearing Appeals and other Matters by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. The Judicial Committee Act, 1843.

1892.

Short Titles, 1892. Ch. 10.

53

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 40. An Act to amend the Laws for the Prevention of Frauds and Abuses by persons employed in the Woollen, Worsted, Linen, Cotton, Flax, Mohair, and Silk Hosiery Manufactures; and for the further securing the Property of the Manufacturers and the Wages of the Workmen engaged therein. The Hosiery Act, 1843.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 68. An Act for regulating Theatres The Theatres Act, 1843.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 73. An Act for consolidating and amending several of the Laws relating to Attornies and Solicitors practising in England and Wales. The Solicitors Act 1843.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 77. 1 An Act for regulating the Cathedral Churches of Wales. The Welsh Cathedrals Act, 1843.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 86. An Act for regulating Hackney and Stage Carriages in and near London. The London Hackney Carriages Act, 1843.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 90. An Act for removing Doubts as to the Service of Clerks or Apprentices to Public Notaries, and for amending the Laws regulating the Admission of Public Notaries. The Public Notaries Act, 1843.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 91. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws for the Regulation of Charitable Loan Societies in Ireland. The Charitable Loan Societies (Ireland) Act, 1843.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 92. An Act for the further Amendment of an Act for the more effectual Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland. The Poor Relief (Ireland) Act, 1843.

6 -fc 7 Vict. c. 93. An Act to amend an Act of the ' Third and Fourth years of Her; present Majesty for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in Ireland. The Municipal Corporations (Ireland-Act, 1843.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 96. An Act to amend the Law respecting ' defamatory Words and Libel. The Libel Act, 1843.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 98. An Act for the more effectual Suppression of the Slave Trade. The Slave Trade Act, 1843.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 12. An Act to amend the Law relating to International Copyright. The International Copyright Act, 1844.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 22. I, An Act to amend the Laws now in force for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the marking of Gold and Silver Wares in England. The Gold and Silver Wares Act, 1844.

54

Ch. 10.

Short Titles, 1892.

55 Vict-

Session and Chapter.

Tide.

[Short Title.]

7 & 8 Vict. c. 29.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 32.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 37.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 44.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 45.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 49. 7 & 8 Vict. c. 55.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 56.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 60.

An Act to extend an Act of the Ninth Year of King George the Fourth, for the more effectual Prevention of Persons going armed by night for the Destruction of Game.

An Act to regulate the Issue of J Bank Notes, and for giving to I I the Governor and Company of the Bank of England certain Privileges for a limited Period.

An Act to secure the Terras on which Grants are made by Her Majesty out of the Parliamentary Grant for the Education of the Poor; and to explain the Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, for the conveyance of Sites for Schools.

An Act to facilitate the disjoining or dividing of extensive or populous Parishes, and the erecting of new Parishes, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland.

An Act for the regulation of Suits relating to Meeting Houses and other property held for religious purposes by Persons dissenting from the Church of England and Ireland.

An Act for the better Regulation of Colonial Posts.

An Act to amend and explain the Acts for the Commutation of certain Manorial Rights in respect of Lands of Copyhold and Customary Tenure, and in respect of other Lands subject to such Rights, and for facilitating the Enfranchisement of such Lands, and for the Improvement of such Tenure.

An Act concerning Banns and Mar-

riages in certain district Churches

j or Chapels.

- i An Act to provide for the Care and

Preservation of Trafalgar Square ' in the City of Westminster.

The Night Poaching Act, 1844.

The Bank Charter Act, 1844.

The School Sites Act, 1844.

The New Parishes (Scotland) Act, 1844.

The Nonconformists Chapels Act, 1844.

The Post Office (Duties) Act, 1844.

The Copyhold Act, 1844.

The Church Building (Banns and Marriages) Act, 1844.

The Trafalgar Square Act, 1844.

1892.

Short Titles Act, 1892. Ch. 10.

55

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. 1 1 Title.,

7 & 8 Vict. c. 69. An Act for amending an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled " An Act for the better Administration of Justice in His Majesty's Privy Council "; and to extend its Jurisdiction and Powers. The Judicial Committee Act, 1844.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 71. An Act for the better Administration of Criminal Justice in Middlesex. The Middlesex Sessions Act, 1844.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 81. An Act for Marriages in Ireland; and for registering such Marriages. The Marriages (Ireland) Act, 1844.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 83. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Savings Banks, and to purchase of Government Annuities. The Savings Bank Act, 1844.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 84. An Act for regulating the Construction and the Use of Buildings in the Metropolis and its Neighbourhood. The Metropolitan Building Act, 1844.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 85. - An Act to attach certain Conditions to the Construction of future Railways authorized or to be 1 authorized by any Act of the present or succeeding Sessions 1 of Parliament; and for other j Purposes in relation to Railways. The Railway Regulation Act, 1844.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 94. An Act to explain and amend an Act for making better Provision for the Spiritual Care of populous Parishes. The New Parishes Act, 1844.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 95. - An Act to amend an Act of the ! Ninth Year of King George the Fourth for the Preservation of the Salmon Fisheries in Scotland. The Salmon Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1844.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 97. An Act for the more effectual Application of Charitable Donations and Bequests in Ireland. The Charitable Donations and Bequests (Ireland) Act, 1844.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 101. - An Act for the further Amendment of the Laws relating to the Poor in England. The Poor Law Amendment Act, 1844.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 106. - An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws for the Regulation of 1 Grand Jury Presentments in the County of Dublin. The County Dublin Grand Jury Act, 1844.

56

Ch. 10.

Short Titles Act, 1892.

55 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 108. - 1 An Act to amend an Act of the Sixth Year of Her present Majesty, intituled " An Act to " regulate the Irish Fisheries, " and to empower the Constabulary Force to enforce " certain Provisions respecting u the Irish Fisheries.'* 1 The Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1844*. 1

8 & 9 Vict. c. 10. An Act to make certain Provisions for Proceedings in Bastardy.:| The Bastardy Act, 1845.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 26. An Act to prevent fishing for Trout or other Fresh-water Fish by Nets in the Rivers and Waters in Scotland. i The Trout (Scotland) Act, 1845.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 37. An Act to regulate the Issue of Bank Notes in Ireland, and to regulate the Repayment of certain Sums advanced by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland for the Public Service. The Bankers (Ireland) Act, 1845.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 38. An Act to regulate the Issue of Bank Notes in Scotland. The Bank Notes (Scotland) Act, 1845.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 39. An Act to amend the Law of Arrestment of Wages in Scotland. The Wages Arrestment (Scotland) Act, 1845.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 70. An Act for the further Amendment of the Church Building Acts. The Church Building Act, 1845.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 7o. An Act to amend an Act passed in; the Session of Parliament held in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, 1 intituled "An Act to amend the " Law respecting defamatory " w ords and libel." The Libel Act, 1845.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 83. An Act for the Amendment and 1 better Administration of the Laws relating to the Relief of the Poor in Scotland. The Poor Law (Scotland) Act, 1845.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 99. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to " amend an Act of the Tenth 1 " Year of His late Majesty '* and | ends with the words "relating to i " the said Land Revenue." The Crown Lands Act, 1845.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 106. - An Act to amend the Law of Real Property. The Real Property Act, 1845.

1892.

Short Titles Act, 1892. Ch. 10.

57

[Short Title.]

Session nod Chapter. Title.

8 & 9 Vict. C. 107. - 1 An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the " Establishment of a Central " Asylum" and ends with the words "District Lunatic Asylum." The Central Criminal Lunatic Asylum (Ireland) Act, 1845.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 108. - i An Act for the further Amendment of an Act of the Sixth Year of Her present Majesty, for regulating the Irish Fisheries. The Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1845.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 109. - An Act to amend the Law concerning Games and Wagers. The Gaming Act, 1845.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 118. - 1 An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to faci- litatc the Inclosure " and ends with the words "Powers in certain cases." The Inclosure Act, 1845.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 1. An Act for the further Amendment of the Acts for the Extension and Promotion of Public Works in Ireland. The Public Works (Ireland) Act, 1846.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 4. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to ! " amend the Acts for promoting " the Drainage of Lands " and ends with the words "Drainage | " during the present Year." The Drainage (Ireland) Act, 1846. ! i

9 & 10 Vict. c. 20. - i An Act to amend an Act of the second year of Her present Majesty, for providing for the custody of certain moneys paid, in pursuance of the Standing I Orders of either House of Parliament, by subscribers to works or | undertakings to be effected under the authority of Parliament. The Parliamentary Deposits Act, 1846.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 37. - An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Office of Coroner and the Expences of Inquests in Ireland. The Coroners (Ireland) Act, 1846.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 48. An Act for legalizing Art Unions - The Art Unions Act, 1846.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 66. - An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Removal of the Poor. The Poor Removal Act, 1846.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 68. - i An Act for better enabling the Burial Service to be performed in One Chapel where contiguous Burial Grounds shall have been 1 provided for two or more Parishes [or Places. The Church Building (Burial Service in Chapels) Act, 1846.

58

Ch. 10.

Short Titles Act, 1892.

55 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. i Title.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 70. - An Act to amend the Act to facilitate the Inclosure and Improvement of Commons. The Inclosure Act, 1846.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 72. - An Act to amend the Act for Marriages in Ireland, and for registering such Marriages. The Marriages (Ireland) Act, 1846.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 73. - An Act further to amend the Acts for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales. The Tithe Act, 1846.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 74. - An Act to encourage the Establishment of public Baths and Washhouses. The Baths and Washhouses Act, 1846.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 86. - An Act to extend and consolidate the Powers hitherto exercised by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, and to appoint additional Commissioners. The Public Works (Ireland) Act, 1846.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 87. - An Act for promoting the voluntary Establishment in Boroughs and j certain Cities and Towns in Ireland of public Baths and Washhouses. The Baths and Washhouses (Ireland) Act, 1846.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 97. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to " provide for removing the " Charge of the Constabulary " and ends with the words "of the said Constabulary Force." The Constabulary (Ireland) Act, 1846.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 101. - An Act to authorize the Advance of Public Money to a limited Amount, to promote the Improvement of Land in Great Britain and Ireland by Works of Drainage. The Public Money 1 Drainage Act, 1846.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 11. - An Act to explain and amend the Act authorizing the Advance of Money for the Improvement of Land by Drainage in Great Britain. The Public Money j Drainage Act, 1847. t J I

10 & 11 Vict. c. 31. - An Act to make further Provision for the Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland. The Poor Relief (Ireland) Act, 1847.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 32. - An Act to facilitate the Improvement of Landed Property in Ireland. The Landed Property Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1847.

1892.

Short Titles Act, 1892. Ch. 10.

59

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 38. - An Act to facilitate the Drainage of Lands in England and Wales. The Land Drainage Act, 1847.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 52. - An Act for the Correction of certain Abuses which have frequently prevailed at the Elections of Representative Peers for Scotland. The Representative Peers (Scotland) Act, 1847.

10 A li Vict. c. 61. - An Act to amend the Act for the Establishment of public Baths and Washhouses. The Baths and Washhouses Act, 1847.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 62. - An Act for the Establishment of Naval Prisons, and for the Prevention of Desertion from Her Majesty's Navy. The Naval Deserters Act, 1847.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 63. - An Act for limiting the Time of Service in the Royal Marine Forces. The Royal Marines Act, 1847.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 85. - An Act for giving further Facilities for the Transmission of Letters by Post, and for the regulating the Duties of Poslage thereon, and for other Purposes relating to the Post Office. The Post Office (Duties) Act, 1847.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 90. - An Act to provide for the Execution of the Laws for Relief of the Poor in Ireland. The Poor Relief (Ireland) Act, 1847.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 92. - An Act for the Protection of Mussel Fisheries in Scotland. The Mussel Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1847.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 95. - An Act to amend the Law relating to the Protection in the Colonies of Works entitled to Copyright in the United Kingdom. The Colonial Copyright Act, 1847.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 104.- An Act to explain the Acta for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales, and to continue the Officers appointed under the said Acts until the first day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. The Tithe Act, 1847.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 108. - An Act for establishing the Bishoprick of Manchester, and amending certain Acts relating to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England. The Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1847.

60

Ch. 10.

Short Titles . 1892.

55 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 109. - An Act for the Administration of the Laws for Relief of the Poor in England. The Poor Law Board Act, 1847.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 111.- An Act to extend the Provisions of the Act for the Inclosure and Improvement of Commons.:The Inclosure Act, 1847.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 113.- An Act to facilitate the Drainage of Lands in Scotland. The Land Drainage I (Scotland) Act, 1847.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 12. - j An Act for the better Security of the Crown and Government of the United Kingdom. 1 The Treason Felony Act, 1848.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 31. - An Act to amend the Procedure in 1 respect of Orders for the Removal | of the Poor in England and Wales, and Appeals therefrom. The Poor Law Procedure Act, 1848.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 32. - An Act to facilitate the Collection of County Cess in Ireland. The County Cess (Ireland) Act, 1848.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 36. - An Act for the Amendment of the Law of Entail in Scotland. The Entail Amendment Act, 1848.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 37. - An Act to amend the Law relative to the Assignment of Ecclesiastical Districts. The Church Building Act, 1848.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 42. - An Act to facilitate the Performance of the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Sessions within England and Wales with respect to persons charged with indictable Offences. The Indictable Offences Act, 1848.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 43. - An Act to facilitate the Performance of the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Sessions within England and Wales, with respect to summary Convictions and Orders. The Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1848.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 44. - An Act to protect Justices of the Peace from vexatious Actions for Acts done by them in execution of their Office. The Justices Protection Act, 1848.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 72. - An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Constabulary Force in Ireland, and to amend the Provisions for the Payment of Special Constables. The Constabulary (Ireland) Act, 1848.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 78. - An Act for the further Amendment j of the Administration of the Criminal Law. 1 The Crown Cases Acl, 1848.

1892.

Short Titles Act, 1892. Ch. 10.

61

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 79. - An Act to facilitate and simplify Procedure in the Court of Justiciary in Scotland. The Justiciary (Scotland) Act, 1848.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 87. - An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the First Year of His late Majesty King William the Fourth intituled " An Act for " consolidating and amending the " Laws for facilitating the Payment " of Debts out of Real Estate." The Debts Recovery Act, 1848.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 88. - An Act for further regulating the Money Order Department of the Post Office. The Post Office (Money Orders) Act, 1848.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 91. - An Act to make Provision for the Payment of Parish Debts, the Audit of Parochial and Union Accounts, and the Allowance of certain Charges therein. The Poor Law Audit Act, 1848.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 92. - An Act for the Protection and Improvement of the Salmon, Trout, and other Inland Fisheries of Ireland. The Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1848.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 99. - An Act to further extend the Provisions of the Act for the Inclosure and Improvement of Commons. The Inclosure Act, 1848.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 110.- An Act to alter the Provisions relating to the Charges for the Relief of the Poor in Unions. The Poor Law Amendment Act, 1848.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 119.- An Act to simplify the Forms of Certificates under the Act authorizing the Advance of Money for the Improvement of Land by Drainage in Great Britain. The Public Money Drainage Act, 1848.

12 & 13 Vict c. 16. - An Act to protect Justices of the Peace in Ireland from vexatious Actions for Acts done by them in the Execution of their Office. The Justices Protection (Ireland) Act, 1849.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 18. - An Act for the holding of Petty Sessions of the Peace in Boroughs, and for providing Places for the holding of such Petty Sessions in Counties and Boroughs. The Petty Sessions Act, 1849.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 34. - An Act to amend an Act regulating the Justice of the Peace Small Debt Courts in Scotland. The Justices of the Peace Small Debt (Scotland) Act, 1849.

62

Ch. 10.

Short Titles Act, 1892.

55 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title. j

12 & 13 Vict. c- 45. - An Act to amend the Procedure in Courts of General and Quarter Sessions of the Peace in England and Wales, and for the better Advancement of Justice in Cases within the jurisdiction of those Courts. The Quarter Sessions Act, 1849.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 49. - An Act to extend and explain the provisions of the Acts for the granting of Sites for Schools. The School Sites Act, 1849.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 50. - An Act for further amending the Laws relating to Sewers. The Sewers Act, 1849.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 51. - An Act for the better Protection of the Property of Pupils, absent Persons, and Persons under Mental Incapacity in Scotland. The Judicial Factors Act, 1849.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 53. - An Act for consolidating and amending several of the Laws relating to Attornies and Solicitors in Ireland. The Solicitors (Ireland) Act, 1849.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 59. - An Act to amend an Act of the Tenth Year of Her Majesty, for facilitating the Improvement of Landed Property in Ireland. The Landed Property Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1849.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 66. - An Act for enabling Colonial Legislatures to establish Inland Posts. The Colonial Inland Post Office Act, 1849.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 68. - An Act for facilitating the Marriage of British Subjects resident in Foreign Countries. The Consular Marriage Act, 1849.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 69. - An Act to facilitate the Performance of the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Quarter Sessions in Ireland with respect to Persons charged with Indictable Offences. The Indictable Offences (Ireland) Act, 1849.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 83. - An Act further to facilitate the Inclosure of Commons, and the Improvement of Commons and other Lands. The Inclosure Act, 1849.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 89. - An Act to reduce the number of signatures required to Instruments issued by the Lords of the Treasury. The Treasury Instruments (Signature) Act, 1849.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 92. - An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. The Cruelty to Animals Act, 1849.

1892.

Short Titles Act, 1892. Ch. 10.

63

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. j Title.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 95. - 1 1 An Act to amend the Law concerning Judgments in Ireland. The Judgments (Ireland) Act, 1849.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 96. - An Act to provide for the Prosecution and Trial in Her Majesty's Colonies of Offences committed within the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty. The Admiralty Offences (Colonial) Act, 1849.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 103. - An Act to continue an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for charging the Maintenance of certain poor Persons in Unions upon the Common Fund; and to make certain Amendments in the Laws for the Relief of the Poor. The Poor Law Ameud-| ment Act, 1849.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 104. - An Act to amend the Acts for the more effectual Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland. The Poor Relief (Ireland) Act, 1849.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 18. - An Act for the Regulation of Process and Practice in the Superior Courts of Common Law in Ireland. The Common Law Procedure (Ireland) Act, 1850.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 26.*- An Act to repeal an Act of the Sixth Year of King George the Fourth, for encouraging the capture or Destruction of Piratical Ships and Vessels, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof. The Piracy Act, 1850.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 28. - An Act to render more simple and effectual the Titles by which Congregations or Societies for Purposes of Religious Worship or Education in England and Ireland hold Property for such Purposes. The Trustee Appointment Act, 1850.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 29. - An Act to amend the Laws concerning Judgments in Ireland. The Judgment Mortgage (Ireland) Act, 1850.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 31. - An Act to authorize further Advances of Money for Drainage and the Improvement of Landed Property in the United Kingdom, and to amend the Acts relating to such Advances. The Public Money Drainage Act, 1850.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 33. - An Act to make more effectual Provision for Regulating the Police of Towns and populous Places in Scotland, and for paving, draining, cleansing, lighting, and improving the same. The Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1850.

G4

Ch. 10.

Short Titles Act, 1892.

55 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. | Title. |

13 & 14 Vict. c. 36. - 1 An Act to facilitate Procedure in the Court of Session in Scotland. 1 The Court of Session Act, 1850.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 39. - An Act for the better Government of Convict Prisons. The Convict Prisons Act, 1850.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 43. - An Act to amend the Practice and Proceedings of the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of Lancaster. The Court of Chancery of Lancaster Act, 1850.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 57. - An Act to prevent the holding of Vestry or other Meetings in Churches, and for regulating the Appointment of Vestry Clerks. The Vestries Act, 1850.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 69. - An Act to amend the Lows which regulate the Qualification and Re* gistration of Parliamentary Voters in Ireland, and to alter the Law for rating immediate lessors of Premises to the Poor Rate in certain Boroughs. The Representation of the People (Ireland) Act, 1850.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 88. - An Act to amend the Law relating to Engines used in the Rivers and on the Sea Coasts of Ireland for the taking of Fish. The Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1850.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 92. - An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Cruelty to Animals in Scotland. The Cruelty to Animals (Scotland) Act, 1850.

13 & 14 Vict c. 94. - An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England. The Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1850.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 98. - An Act to amend the law relating to the holding of Benefices in plurality. The Pluralities Act, 1850.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 101. - An Act to continue two Acts passed in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, for charging the Maintenance of certain poor Persons in Unions in England and Wales upon the Common Fund; and to make certain Amendments in the Laws for the Relief of the Poor. The Poor Law Amend* ment Act, 1850.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 11. - An Act for the better Protection of Persons under the Care and Control of others as Apprentices or Servants; and to enable the Guardians and Overseers of the Poor to institute and conduct Prosecutions in certain Cases. The Poor Law (Apprentices, &c.) Act, 1851.

1892. Short Titles Act, 1892. t Ch. 10. C5

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 13. - An Act to regulato the Sale of Arsenic. The Arsenic Act, 1851.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 14. - An Act to amend the Law for the Registration of certain Persons commonly known as " Compound Householders, " and to facilitate the Exercise by such Persons of their Right to vote in the Election of Borough Members to serve in Parliament. The Compound Householders Act, 1851.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 19. An Act for the better Prevention of Offences. The Prevention of Offences Act, 1851.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 24. - An Act to amend the Acts for the granting of Sites for Schools. The School Sites Act, 1851.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 25. - An Act to improve the Law of Landlord and Tenant in relation to Emblements, to growing Crops seized in Execution, and to Agricultural Tenants' Fixtures. The Landlord and Tenant Act, 1851.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 36. - An Act to repeal the Duties payable on Dwelling Houses according to the number of windows or lights, and to grant in lieu thereof other Duties on Inhabited Houses according to their Annual Value. The House Tax Act, 1851.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 42. - An Act to make better Provision for the Management of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown, and for the Direction of Public Works and Buildings. The Crown Lands Act, 1851.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 53. - An Act to consolidate and continue the Copyhold and Inclosure Commissions, and to provide for the Completion of Proceedings under the Tithe Commutation Acts. The Inclosure Commissioners Act, 1851.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 55. - An Act to amend the Law relating to the Expenses of Prosecutions, and to make further Provision for the Apprehension and Trial of Offenders, in certain Cases. The Criminal Justice Administration Act, 1851.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 57. - An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Civil Bills and the Courts of Quarter Sessions in Ireland, and to transfer to the Assistant Barristers certain Jurisdiction as to Insolvent Debtors. The Civil Bill Courts (Ireland) Act, 1851.

66

Ch. 10.

Short Titles Act, 1892.

55 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title. |

14 & 15 Vict. c. 68. - An Act to provide for the better | Distribution, Support, and Management of Medical Charities in Ireland; and to amend an Act of the Eleventh Year of Her Majesty, to provide for the Execution of the Laws for the Relief of the Poor in Ireland. The Poor Relief (Ireland) Act, 1851.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 76. - An Act to extinguish the Right of the Crown to Deer in the New Forest, and to give Compensation in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes relating to the said Forest. The New Forest Act, 1851.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 81. - An Act to authorize the Removal from India of Insane Persons charged with Offences, and to give better Effect to Inquisitions of Lunacy taken in India. The Lunatics Removal (India) Act, 1851.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 85. - An Act further to amend an Act of the Sixth Year of King William the Fourth, to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Constabulary Force in Ireland. The Constabulary (Ireland) Act, 1851.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 87. - An Act to regulate certain proceedings in relation to the Elections of Representative Peers for Scotland. The Representative Peers (Scotland) Act, 1851.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 95. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for transferring the Duties" and ends with the words "and for other purposes." The Crown Estate Paving Act, 1851.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 97. - An Act to amend the Church Building Acts. The Church Building Act, 1851.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 99. - An Act to amend the Law of Evidence. The Evidence Act, 1851.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 100. - An Act for further improving the Administration of Criminal Justice. The Criminal Procedure Act, 1851.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 104. - An Act to facilitate the Management and Improvement of Episcopal and Capitular Estates in England. The Episcopal and Capitular Estates Act, 1851.

1892.

Short Titles Act, 1892. Ch. 10.

67

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

1 14 & 15 Vict. c. 105.- An Act to continue an Act of the Fourteenth Year of Her Majesty for charging the Maintenance of certain poor Persons in Unions in England and Wales upon the Common Fund; and to make certain Amendments in the Laws for the Relief of the Poor. The Poor Law Amendment Act, 1851.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 5. - An Act further to explain and amend the Act for the regulation of Municipal Corporations in England, Wales, and Ireland. The Municipal Corporations Act, 1852.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 12. - An Act to enable Her Majesty to carry into effect a Convention with France on the Subject of Copyright; to extend and explain the International Copyright Acts; and to explain the Acts relating to Copyright in Engravings. The International Copyright Act, 1852.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 27. - An Act to amend the Law of Evidence in Scotland. The Evidence (Scotland) Act, 1852.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 28. - 1 An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to 1 amend an Act*' and ends with the words "Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings." The Commissioners of Works Act, 1852.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 32. - An Act to alter and amend certain Provisions in the Laws relating to the Number and Election of Magistrates and Councillors in the Burghs in Scotland. The Burghs (Scotland) Act, 1852.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 34. - An Act to extend the Act to facilitate the Improvement of Landed Property in Ireland, and the Acts amending the same, to the erection of Scutch Mills for Flax in Ireland. The Landed Property Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1852.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 49. - An Act to extend the Provisions of the several Acts passed for the conveyance of Sites for Schools. The School Sites Act, 1852.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 55. - An Act to extend the Provisions of the Trustee Act, 1850. The Trustee Act, 1852.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 56. - An Act for regulating the Qualifications of Pharmaceutical Chemists. The Pharmacy Act, 1852.

68

Ch. 10.

Short Titles Act, 1892.

55 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. ! Title. !

15 & 16 Vict. c. 57. - An Act to provide for more effectual Inquiry into the Existence of corrupt Practices at Elections for Members to serve in Parliament. The Election Commissioners Act, 1852.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 62. - An Act to alter and amend certain Acts relating to the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown. The Crown Lands Act, 1852.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 79. - An Act to amend and further extend the Acts for the Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement of Land. The Inclosure Act, 1852.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 81. - An Act to consolidate and amend the Statutes relating to the Assessment and Collection of County Rates in England and Wales. The County Rates Act, 1852.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 85. - An Act to amend the Laws concerning the Bnrial of the Dead in the Metropolis. The Burial Act, 1852.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 87. - An Act for the Relief of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery. The Court of Chancery Act, 1852.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 20. - An Act to alter and amend an Act of the Fifteenth year of Her prosent Majesty for amending the Law of Evidence in Scotland. The Evidence (Scotland) Act, 1853.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 28. - An Act to amend the Law as to taking the Poll at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Scotland. The County Elections (Scotland) Act, 1853.

16 & 17 Vict c. 30. - An Act for the better Prevention and Punishment of aggravated Assaults upon Women and Children, and for preventing Delay and Expense in the Administration of certain Parts of the Criminal Law. The Criminal Procedure Act, 1853.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 33. - An Act for the better Regulation of Metropolitan Stage and Hackney Carriages, and for prohibiting the Use of advertising Vehicles. The London Hackney Carriage Act, 1853.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 34. - An Act for granting to Her Majesty Duties on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices. The Income Tax Act, 1853.

1.892.

Short Titles, 1892. Ch. 10.

69

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. 1 Title.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 45. - An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws and to grant additional Facilities in relation to the Purchase of Government Annuities through the Medium of Savings Banks, and to make other Provisions in respect thereof. The Government Annuities Act, 1853.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 50. - An Act to effect Exchange of Patronage by Archbishops, Bishops, and other Ecclesiastical Corporations. The Ecclesiastical Commissioners (Exchange of Patronage) Act, 1853.

16 17 Vict. c. 56. - An Act to facilitate the Redemption of certain Charges on the Hereditary Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown, and to make other Provisions in regard to the Management of such Hereditary Possessions and Land Revenues. The Crown Lands Act, 1853. i,

16 & 17 Vict. c. 65. - An Act to amend the Acts for the Regulation of Parish Vestries. The Vestries Act, 1853.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 67. - An Act for the better Regulation of Public Houses in Scotland. The Licensing (Scotland) Act, 1853.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 68. - An Act to limit the Time for proceeding to Election in Counties and Boroughs in England and Wales, and for Polling at Elections for the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, and for other Purposes. The Parliamentary Elections Act, 1853.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 69. - An Act to make better Provision t concerning the Entry and Service of Seamen, and otherwise to amend the Laws concerning Her Majesty's Navy. The Naval Enlistment Act, 1853.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 73. - 1 An Act for the Establishment of a Body of Naval Coast Volunteers, and for the temporary Transfer to the Navy, in case of Need, of Seafaring Men employed in other Public Services. The Naval Volunteers Act, 1853.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 80. - An Act to facilitate Procedure in the Sheriff Courts in Scotland. The Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1853.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 92. - An Act to diminish the number of Sheriffs in Scotland, and to unite certain Counties in Scotland in so far as regards the Jurisdiction of the Sheriff. The Sheriffs (Scotland) Act, 1853.

70

Ch. 10.

Short Titles Act, 1892.

55 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 94. - An Act to extend the Benefits of the ' Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her present Majesty, for the Amendment- of the Law of Entail in Scotland. 1 The Entail Amendment Act, 1853. 1 1

16 & 17 Vict. c. 95. - An Act to provide for the Government of India. [The Government of India Act, 1853.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 99. - An Act to substitute, in certain Cases, other Punishment in lieu of Transportation. The Penal Servitude Act, 1853.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 119. - An Act for the Suppression of Betting Houses. The Betting Act, 1853.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 121. - An Act for providing Places of Confinement in England or Wales for Female Offenders under Sentence or Order of Transportation. 1 The Convict Prisons Act, 1853.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 130. - An Act to amend the Acts for pro- | moting the Drainage of Lands:and Improvements in connexion therewith in Ireland. 1 The Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act, 1853.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 134. - An Act to amend the Laws con- | cerning the Burial of the Dead in England beyond the Limits of the Metropolis, and to amend the Act concerning the Burial of the Dead in the Metropolis. The Burial Act, 1853.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 32. - An Act to facilitate the Apportionment of the Rent when Parts of Lands in Lease are taken for the Purposes of the Church Building Acts. The Church Building Act, 1854.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 33. An Act to place Public Statues within the Metropolitan Police District under the control of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings. The Public Statues (Metropolis) Act, 1854.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 34. - An Act to enable Courts of Law in England, Ireland, and Scotland to issue process to compel the attendance of witnesses out of their jurisdiction, and to give effect to the service of such process in any part of the United Kingdom. The Attendance of Witnesses Act, 1854.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 38. - An Act for the Suppression of Gaming Houses. The Gaming Houses Act, 1854.

1892.

Short Titles, 1892. Ch. 10.

71

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 60. -, An Act to amend an Act of the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of Her present Majesty for the more effectual Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. The Cruelty to Animals Act, 1854.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 67. -, An Act to facilitate the Purchase of Common, Commonable, and other Rights by the Principal Officers of Her Majesty's Ordnance. The Defence Act, 1854.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 73. - I An Act to amend the Acts for the Regulation of Joint Stock Banks in Scotland. The Bankers (Scotland) Act, 1854.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 76. - An Act for the Formation, Regulation, and Government of Convict Prisons in Ireland. The Convict Prisons (Ireland) Act, 1854.

17 <fc 18 Vict. c. 77. - | An Act to provide for the Mode of passing Letters Patent and other Acts of the Crown relating to India, and for vesting certain Powers in the Governor-General of India in Council. The Government of India Act, 1854.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 80. - An Act to provide for the better Registration of Births, Deaths, and Marriages in Scotland. The Registration of Births, Deaths, and Marriages (Scotland) Act, 1854.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 81. - An Act to make further Provision for the good Government and Extension of the University of Oxford, of the* Colleges therein, and of the College of Saint Mary Winchester. The Oxford University Act, 1854.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 84. - An Act to extend the provisions of the Acts for the Augmentation of Benefices. The Augmentation of Benefices Act, 1854.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 87. - An Act to make further Provision for the Burial of the Dead in England beyond the Limits of the Metropolis. The Burial Act, 1854.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 89. - An Act to amend the Laws for the better Prevention of the Sale of Spirits by unlicensed Persons, and for the Suppression of Illicit Distillation, in Ireland. The Spirits (Ireland) Act, 1854.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 91. - An Act for the Valuation of Lands and Heritages in Scotland. ! The Lands Valuation i (Scotland) Act, 1854.

72

Ch. 10.

SJiort Titles, 1892.

55 Yicnv

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 94. - An Act to alter the Mode of providing for certain Expenses now charged upon certain Branches of the Public Revenues and upon the Consolidated Fund. The Public Revenue and Consolidated Fund Charges Act, 1854.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 97. - An Act to amend and extend the Acts for the Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement of Land. The Inclosure Act, 1854.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 113. - An Act to amend the Law relating to the Administration of the Estate of deceased Persons. The Real Estate Charges Act, 1854.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 115. - An Act to amend the Law relative to the Removal of Prisoners in Custody. The Prisoners Removal Act, 1854.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 116. - An Act to continue and amend an Act to facilitate the Management and Improvement of Episcopal and Capitular Estates in England. The Episcopal and Capitular Estates _ Act, 1854.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 15. - An Act for the better Protection of Purchasers agaiost Judgments, Crown Debts, Cases of Lis pendens, and Life Annuities or Rent-charges. The Judgments Act, 1855.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 16. - An Act to authorise the letting Parts of the Royal Forests of Dean and Woolraer, and certain other parts of the hereditary Possessions of the CrowD. The Crown Lands Act, 1855.

18 & 19 Vict c. 23. - An Act to alter in certain respects the Law of Intestate Moveable Succession in Scotland. ' The Intestate Moveable Succession (Scotland) Act, 1855.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 29. - An Act to make further Provision for the Registration of Births, Deaths, and Marriages in Scotland. The Registration of Births, Deaths, and Marriages (Scotland) Act, 1855.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 32. - An Act to amend and extend the Jurisdiction of the Stannary Court. 1 The Stannaries Act, 1855.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 43. - An Act to enable Infants, with the Approbation of the Court of Chancery, to make binding Settlements of their Real and Personal Estate on Marriage. The Infant Settlements Act, 1855.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 48. - An Act for the better Administration of Justice in the Cinque Forts. The Cinque Ports Act, 1855. 1

1892.

Short Titles, 1892. Ch. 10.

73

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 79. - An Act to nmend the Law regarding the Burial of poor Persons by Guardians and Overseers of the Poor. i The Poor (Burials) Act, 1855.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 81. - An Act to amend the Law concerning the certifying and registering of Places of Religious Worship in England. The Places of Worship Registration Act, 1855.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 90. - An Act for the Payment of Costs in Proceedings instituted on behalf of the Crown in matters relating to the Revenue; and for the Amendment of the Procedure and Practice in Crown Suits in the Court of Exchequer. The Crown Suits Act, 1855.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 110. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to authorize the Application " and ends with the words u Improve-M ments in connexion therewith, " in Ireland." The Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act, 1855.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 111.- An Act to amend the Law relating to Bills of Lading. I The Bills of Lading Act, 1855.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 117.- 1 An Act for transferring to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secre- | taries of State the Powers and Estates vested in the Principal Officers of the Ordnance. The Ordnance Board Transfer Act, 1855.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 120. - I \ An Act for the better Local Management of the Metropolis. The Metropolis Management Act, 1855.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 128. - | An Act further to amend the Laws concerning the Burial of the Dead j in England. (The Burial Act, 1855.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 2. - An Act to amend the Acts relating j to the Metropolitan Police. The Metropolitan Police Act, 1856.

19 & 20 Vict c. 9. - An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Advance of Public Money j to promote the Improvement of i Land. The Public Money Drainage Act, 1856.

19 & 20 Vict c. 16. - An Act to empower the Court of Queen's Bench to order certain Offenders to be tried at the Central Criminal Court. The Central Criminal Court Act, 1856.

19 & 20 Vict c. 41. - An Act to make further Provision for the Establishment of Savings | Banks for Seamen. i The Seamen's Savings Bank Act, 1856.

74

Ch. 10.

Short Titles, 1892.

55 Vict.

Session and Chapter.

Title.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 48.

An Act for amending the Procedure before Magistrates and Justices of Peace in Scotland.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 55.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 56.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 58.

- An Act for transferring the Powers

of the Church Building Commissioners to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England.

- An Act to constitute the Court of

Session the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and to regulate Procedure in matters connected with the Exchequer.

An Act to amend the Law for the Registration of Persons entitled to vote in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Burghs in Scotland.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 59.

- An Act to alter the mode of providing for certain expenses now charged upon certain parts of the Public Revenue.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 63.

An Act to amend the Acts relating to Grand Juries in Ireland.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 68.

An Act to further amend the Laws relating to Prisons in Ireland.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 69.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 88.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 91.

An Act to render more effectual the Police in Counties and Boroughs in England and Wales.

An Act to make further Provision for the good Government and Extension of the University of Cambridge, of the Colleges therein, and of the College of King Henry the Sixth at Eton.

An Act to amend and re-enact certain Provisions of an Act of thfc Fifty-fourth year of King George the Third, relating to Judicial Procedure and Securities for Debts in Scotland.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 96. An Act for amending the Law of

Marriage in Scotland.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 112. - An Act to amend the Act of the last Session of Parliament, Chapter One hundred and twenty, for the better Local Management of the 1 Metropolis,

[Short Title.]

, The Justices (Scotland) Act, 1856.

The Church Building Commissioners (Transfer of Powers) Act, 1856.

The Exchequer Court (Scotland) Act, 1856.

The Burgh Voters Registration (Scotland) Act, 1856.

The Revenue (Transfer of Charges) Act, 1856.

The Grand Jury (Ireland) Act, 1856.

The Prisons (Ireland) Act, 1856.

The County and Borough Police Act, 1856.

The Cambridge University Act, 1856.

The Debts Securities (Scotland) Act, 1856.

The Marriage (Scotland) Act, 1856.

The Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1866.

1892.

Short Titles Act, 1892. Ch. 10.

75

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

19 & 20 Vict c. 113.- An Act to provide for taking Evidence in Her Majesty's Dominions in relation to Civil and Commercial Matters pending before Foreign Tribunals. i The Foreign Tribunals Evidence Act, 1856.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 117. - An Act to amend the Law relating to the Relief of the Poor in Scotland. The Poor Law (Scotland) Act, 1856.

19 & 20 Vict 20 Vict. c. 119.- 1 An Act to amend the Provisions of the Marriage and Registration Acts. The Marriage and Registration Act, 1856.

20 Vict c. 1. - 1 An Act to amend the Act for limiting the Time of Service in the Royal Marine Forces. The Royal Marines Act, 1857.

I 20 Vict. c. 2. - - j An Act to facilitate the Appointment of Chief Constables for adjoining Counties, and to confirm ! appointments of Chief Constables in certain Cases. The County Police Act, 1857.

20 Vict. c. 19. An Act to provide for the Relief of the Poor in Eztra-parochial Places. The Extra-Parochial Places Act, 1857.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 3. - 1 An Act to amend the Act of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Her Majesty, to substitute in certain Cases other Punishment in lieu of Transportation. The Penal Servitude Act, 1857.

20 & 21 Vict c. 13. - An Act to facilitate the procuring of Sites for Workhouses in certain Cases. The Workhouse Sites Act, 1857.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 18. - An Act to regulate Procedure in the Bill Chamber in Scotland. The Bill Chamber Procedure Act, 1857. '

20 & 21 Vict. c. 25. - An Act to continue the Powers of the Commissioners under on Act of the seventeenth and eighteenth years of Her Majesty concerning the University of Oxford and the College of Saint Mary Winchester, and further to amend the said Act. The Oxford University Act, 1857.

20 & 21 Vict c. 31. - An Act to amend and explain the Inclosure Acts. The Inclosure Act, 1857.

76

C«. 10.

Short Titles Act, 1892.

55 Vict.

Session and Chapter. Title. Short Tide.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 35. - An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled "An Act to amend the " Laws concerning the Burial of the Dead in the Metropolis, " so far as relates to the City of London and the Liberties thereof. The City of London Burial Act, 1857.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 40. - An Act to continue and amend an Act passed in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Eighty-nine, and also the Laws for the Suppression and Prevention of Illicit Distillation in Ireland and to constitute the Constabulary Force Officers of Customs for certain purposes. The Illicit Distillation (Ireland) Act, 1857.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 42. - An Act to amend the Burial Grounds (Scotland) Act, 1855. The Burial Grounds (Scotland) Act, 1857.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 44. - An Act to regulate the Institution of Suits at the instance of the Crown and the Public Departments in the Courts of Scotland. The Crown Suits (Scotland) Act, 1857.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 56. - An Act to regulate the Distribution of Business in the Court of Session in Scotland. The Court of Sessioo Act, 1857.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 58. - An Act to amend the Act, Seventeenth and Eighteenth of Victoria, for the Valuation of Lands in Scotland. The Lands Valuation (Scotland) Act, 1857.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 64. - An Act for raising a Sum of Money for building and improving Stations of the Metropolitan Police, and to amend the Acts concerning the Metropolitan Police. The Metropolitan Police Act, 1857.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 70. - An Act to provide for the extension of the Boundaries of Burghs in Scotland, and to remove Doubts as to the Right of certain Persons holding Offices to be registered as Voters for Municipal Purposes. The Boundaries of Burghs Extension (Scotland) Act, 1857.

1892.

Short Titles, 1892. Ch. 10.

77

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

20 & 21 Vid. c. 71. - An Act for the Regulation of the Care and Treatment of Lunatics, and for the Provision, Maintenance, and Regulation of Lunatic Asylums, in Scotland. The Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1857.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 72. - An Act to render more effectual the Police in Counties and Burghs in Scotland. The Police (Scotland) Act, 1857.

20 A 21 Vid. c. 73. - An Act for the Abatement of the Nuisance arising from the Smoke of Furnaces in Scotland. The Smoke Nuisance (Scotland) Act, 1857.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 77. - An Act to amend the Law relating to Probates and Letters of Administration in England. The Court of Probate Act, 1857.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 81. - An Act to amend the Burial Acts - The Burial Act, 1857.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 83. - An Act for more effectually preventing the Sale of Obscene Books, Pictures, Prints, and other Articles. The Obscene Publications Act, 1857.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 85. - An Act to amend the Law reluting to Divorce and Matrimonial Causes in England. The Matrimonial Causes Act, 1857.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 25. - An Act to amend the Act concerning Non-parochial Registers, and the Acts for Marriages, and for registering Births, Deaths, and Marriages in England, and concerning Vaccination. The Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1858.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 56. - An Act to amend the Law relating to the Confirmation of Executors in Scotland, and to extend over all Parts of the United Kingdom the Effect of such Confirmation, and of Grants of Probate and Administration. The Confirmation of Executors (Scotland) Act, 1858.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 65. - An Act to amend an Act of the last Session, to render more effectual the Police in Counties and Burghs in Scotland. The Police (Scotland) Act, 1858.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 71. - An Act to substitute in certain cases the Bishop of one Diocese for the Bishop of another as a Trustee of certain Trusts. The Bishops Trusts Substitution Act, ' 1858.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 72. - An Act to facilitate the Sale and Transfer of Land in Ireland. The Landed Estates Court (Ireland) Act, 1858.

78

Ch. 10.

Short Titles Act, 1892.

55 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title. j 1

21 & 22 Vict. c. 73. - An Act to amend the Law concerning the Powers of Stipendiary Magistrates and Justices of the Peace in certain Cases. The. Stipendiary Magistrates Act, 1858.

21 & 22 Vict 22 Vict. c. 83. - An Act to make Provision for the better Government and Discipline of the Universities of Scotland, and improving and regulating the Course of Study therein; and for the Union of the Two Universities and Colleges of Aberdeen. The Universities (Scotland) Act, 1858-

21 & 22 Vict. c. 92. - An Act to provide for the Conveyance of County Property to the Clerk of the Peace of the County. The County Property Act, 1858.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 104. - An Act to alter and amend the Metropolis Local Management Act (1855), and to extend the powers of the Metropolitan Board of Works for the purification of the Thames and the Main Drainage of the Metropolis. The Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1858.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 106.- An Act for the better Government of India. The Government of India Act, 1858.

21 & 22 Vict 22 Vict. c. 108. - An Act to amend the Act of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Victoria, Chapter Eighty-five. The Matrimonial Causes Act, 1858.

22 Vict. c. 1. - An Act more effectually to prevent Danger to the Public Health from Places of Burial. The Burial Act, 1859.

22 Vict. c. 12. An Act to make further Provision for the Purchase of Common and other Rights by Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War Department, and in relation to Land vested in or taken by such Secretary of State; The Defence Act, 1859.

22 Vict. c. 20. An Act to provide for taking Evidence in Suits and Proceedings pending before Tribunals in Her Majesty's Dominions in Places out of the Jurisdiction of such Tribunals. The Evidence by Commission Act, 1859.

22 Vict. c. 21. An Act to amend the Medical Act (1853). The Medical Act, 1859.

92 & 23 Vict. c. 4. - An Act to amend the Act for the better Administration of Criminal Justice in Middlesex. The Middlesex Sessions Act, 1859.

1892.

Short Titles Act, 1892. Ch. 10.

79

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 7. - An Act to amend an Act of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty, for allowing Verdicts on Trials by Jury in Civil Causes in Scotland to be received, although the Jury may not be unanimous. The Jury Trials (Scotland) Act, 1859.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 17. - An Act to prevent Vexations Indictments for certain Misdemeanors. The Vexatious Indictments Act, 1859.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 20. - An Act to amend and consolidate the Laws relating to Military Savings Banks. The Military Savings Banks Act, 1859.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 21. - An Act to Regulate the Office of Queen's Remembrancer and to amend the practice and procedure on the Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer. The Queen's Remembrancer Act, 1859.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 22. - An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Constabulary Force in Ireland. The Constabulary (Ireland) Act, 1859.

22 & 23 Vict 23 Vict. c. 32. - An Act to amend the Law concerning the Police in Counties and Boroughs in England and Wales. The County and Borough Police Act, 1859.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 35. - An Act to further amend the Law of Property, and to relieve Trustees. The Law of Property Amendment Act, 1859.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 40. - An Act for the Establishment of a Reserve Volunteer Force of Seamen, and for the Government of the same. The Royal Naval Reserve (Volunteer) Act, 1859.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 41. - An Act to amend the Act for the better Government of India. The Government of India Act, 1859.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 43. - An Act to amend and extend the Provisions of the Acts for the Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement of Land. The Inclosure Act, 1859.

22 & 23 Vict 23 Vict. c. 49. - An Act to provide for the payment of debts incurred by Boards of Guardians in Unions and Parishes and Boards of Management in school districts. The Poor Law (Payment of Debts) Act, 1859.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 53. - An Act to enable Charitable and Provident Societies and Penny Savings Banks to invest all their proceeds in Savings Banks. The Savings Bank (Charitable Societies) Act, 1859.

80

Ch. 10.

Short Titles Act, 1892.

55 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title. j

22 & 23 Vict. c. 61. - An Act to make further Provision concerning the Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes. The Matrimonial Causes Act, 1859.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 63. - An Act to afford Facilities for the more certain Ascertainment of the Law administered in one Part of Her Majesty's Dominions when pleaded in the Courts of another Part thereof. The British Law Ascertainment Act, 1859.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 66. - An Act for regulating Measures used in Sales of Gas. The Sale of Gas Act, 1859.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 18. - An Act to amend the Acta relating to Marriages in England and Ireland, by extending certain Provisions thereof to Persons professing with the Society of Friends called Quakers. The Marriage (Society of Friends) Act, 1860.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 24. - An Act to remove Doubt as to the validity of certa'n Marriages in Extra-Parochial Places. The Marriage Confirmation Act, 1860.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 27. - An Act for granting to Her Majesty certain Duties on Wine Licences and Refreshment Houses, and for regulating the Licensing of Refreshment Houses and the granting of Wine Licences. The Refreshment Houses Act, 1860.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 30. - An Act to enable a majority of two-thirds of the Ratepayers of any Parish or District, duly assembled, to rate their District in aid of Public Improvements for General Benefit within their District. The Public Improvements Act, 1860.

23 & 24 Vict 24 Vict. c. 38. - An Act to further amend the Law of Property. The Law of Property AmendmentAc t, 1860.

23 & 24 Vict 24 Vict c. 45. - An Act to extend the Act of the Eighth and Ninth Years of Victoria, Chapter Twenty-six, for preventing fishing for Trout or other Fresh-water Fish by Nets in the Rivers and Waters in Scotland. The Trout (Scotland) Act, 1860.

23 & 24 Vict 24 Vict. c. 47. - An Act to amend the Law relative to the Legal Qualifications of Councillors and the Admission of Burgesses in Royal Burghs in Scotland. The Burgesses (Scotland) Act, 1860.

LS92.

Short Titles, 1892. Ch. 10.

81

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

23 & 21 Vict. c. £1. An Act to provide for an Annual Return of Rates, Taxes, Tolls, and Dues levied for local Purposes in England. The Local Taxation Returns Act, 1860.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 64. - An Act to make further Provision for the Expenses of Local Boards of Health and Improvement Commissioners acting as Burial Boards. The Burial Act, 1860.

23 & 24 Vict 24 Vict. c. 65. - An Act to authorize the Commissioners of the Treasury to further regulate the Postage on redirected Letters of Commissioned and Warrant Officers, Seamen, and Soldiers, whilst on actual Service. The Post Office (Duties) Act, 1860.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 69. - An Act for the better Management and Control of the Highways in South Wales. The South Wales Highways Act, 1860.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 74. - An Act to amend the provisions of the Act for the regulation of Municipal Corporations in Ireland with respect to the appointment of coroners in boroughs. The Borough Coroners (Ireland) Act, 1860,

23 & 24 Vict. c. 75. - j An Act to make better Provision I for the Custody and Care of 1 Criminal Lunatics. The Criminal Lunatic Asylums Act, 1860.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 85. - 1 J An Act to amend Two Acts of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years, and of the Eighteenth Year, of Her present Majesty, relating to the Registration of Births, Deaths, and Marriages in Scotland. The Registration of Births, Deaths, and Marriages (Scotland) Act, 1860.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 90. - An Act to repeal the Duties on Game Certificates and Certificates to deal in Game, and to impose in lieu thereof Duties on Excise Licences and Certificates for the like Purposes. The Game Licences Act, 1860.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 91. - j t An Act for removing Doubts respecting the Craven Scholarships in the University of Oxford, and for enabling the University to retain the Custody of certain Testamentary Documents. The Oxford University Act, 1860.

82

0H. 10.

Short Titles Act, 1892.

55 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Seswon and Chapter. Title.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 93. - An Act to amend and further extend the Acte for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales. The Tithe Act, 1860.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 95. - An Act to facilitate the building of Cottages for Labourers, Farm Servants, and Artisans by the Proprietors of entailed Estates in Scotland. The Entail Cottages Act, 1860.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 107. - An Act for granting to Her Majesty certain Duties on Wine Licences and Refreshment Housed, and for regulating the licensing of Refreshment Houses and the granting of Wine Licences, in Ireland. The Refreshment Houses (Ireland) Act, 1860.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 113. - An Act the title whereof begins with the words "An Act to grant " and ends with the words "relating to the Excise." The Excise Act, 1860.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 122. - An Act to enable the Legislatures of Her Majesty's Possessions abroad to make Enactments similar to the Enactment of the Act Ninth George the Fourth, Chapter Thirty-one, Section Eight. The Admiralty Offences (Colonial) Act, 1860.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 124. - An Act further to amend the Acts relating to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, and the Act concerning the Management of Episcopal and Capitular Estates in England. The Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1860.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 127. - An Act to amend the Laws relating to Attorneys, Solicitors, Proctors, and Certificated Conveyancers. The Solicitors Act, 1860.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 135. - An Act for the Employment of the Metropolitan Police Force in Her Majesty's Yards and Military Stations. The Metropolitan Police Act, 1860.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 142. - i An Act to make better Provision for the Union of contiguous Benefices in Cities, Towns, and Boroughs. The Union of Benefices Act, 1860.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 144. - An Act to amend the Procedure and Powers of the Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes. The Matrimonial Causes Act, 1860.

1892.

Short Titles Act, 1892. Ch. 10.

83

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 11. - 1 An Act to afford Facilities for the better Ascertainment of the Law of Foreign Countries when pleaded in Courts within Her Majesty's Dominions. The Foreign Law Ascertainment Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 14. - An Act to grant additional facilities for depositing small Savings at Interest, with the Security of the Government for due Repayment thereof. The Post Office Savings Bank Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 17. - An Act to amend an Act of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, for the Abatement of the Nuisance arising from the Smoke of Furnaces in Scotland. The Smoke Nuisance (Scotland) Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 18. - An Act to make Provision for the Dissolution of Combinations of Parishes in Scotland as to the Management of the Poor. The Poor Law (Scotland) (No. 1) Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 21. - An Act for granting to Her Majesty certain Duties of Excise and Stamps. The Revenue (No. 1) Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 36. - An Act to amend the Boundaries of Burghs Extension (Scotland) Act. The Boundaries of Burghs Extension (Scotland) Act, 1861.

24 A. 25 Vict. c. 37. - An Act to simplify the Mode of raising the Assessment for the Poor in Scotland. The Poor Law (Scotland) fNo. 2) Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 51. - An Act for granting Pensions to some Officers and Men in the Metropolitan Police Force; and for other Purposes. The Metropolitan Police Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 52. - An Act to empower the Governors of the several Australian Colonies to regulate the Number of Passengers to be carried in Vessels plying between Ports in those Colonies. The Australian Passengers Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 53. - An Act to provide that Votes at Elections for the Universities may be recorded by means of Voting Papers. The University Elec* tions Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 54. - An Act to confirm certain Appointments in India, and to amend the Law concerning the Civil Service there. The Indian Civil Service Act, 1861.

84

Ch. 10.

Short Titles Act 1892.

55 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 55. - An Act to amend the Laws regarding the Removal of the Poor and the contribution of Parishes to the Common Fund in Unions. The Poor Removal Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 62. - An Act to amend the Act of the Ninth Year of King George the Third, Chapter Sixteen, for quieting Possessions and Titles against the Crown, and also certain Acts for the like Object relating to Suits by the Duke of Cornwall. The Crown Suits Act* 1861.

24 & 25 Vict 25 Vict. c. 84. - An Act to amend the Law in Scotland relative to the Resignation, Powers, and Liabilities of gratuitous Trustees. The Trusts (Scotland) Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 91. - An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Inland Revenue. The Revenue (No. 2) Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 94. - An Act to consolidate and amend the Statute Law of England and Ireland relating to Accessories to and Abettors of indictable Offences. The Accessories and Abettors Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 96. - An Act to consolidate and amend the Statute Law of England and Ireland relating to Larceny and other similar Offences. The Larceny Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 97. - An Act to consolidate and amend the Statute Law of England and Ireland relating to Malicious Injuries to Property. The Malicious Damage Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 98. - An Act to consolidate and amend the Statute Law of England and Ireland relating to indictable Offences by Forgery. The Forgery Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 99. - An Act to consolidate and amend the Statute Law of the United Kingdom against Offences relating to the Coin. The Coinage Offences Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 100. - An Act to consolidate and amend the Statute Law' of England and Ireland relating to Offences against the Person. The Offences against the Person Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 104. - An Act for establishing High Courts i of Judicature in India. The Indian High Courts Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 114. - An Act to amend the Law with respect to Wills of Personal Estate made by British Subjects. The Wills Act, 1861.

1892.

Short Titles, 1892. Ch. 10.

85

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 121.- An Act to amend the Law in relation to the Wills and Domicile of British Subjects dying whilst resident Abroad, and of Foreign Subjects dying whilst resident within Her Majesty's Dominions. The Domicile Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 125. - An Act to enable Overseers in populous parishes to provide Offices for the proper discharge of parochial business. The Parochial Offices Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 131. -; An Act to continue the Act cen-cerning the Management of Episcopal and Capitular Estates in England, and further to amend certain Acts relating to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England. The Episcopal and Capitular Estates Act, 1861.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 22. - An Act to continue certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue for the service of Her Majesty, and to grant, alter, and repeal j certain other Duties. The Revenue Act, 1862.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 29. - | An Act to amend and enlarge the 1 Acts for the improvement of landed property in Ireland. The Landed Property Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1862.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 43. - ! An Act to provide for the Education and Maintenance of Pauper Children in certain Schools and Institutions. The Poor Law (Certified Schools) Act, 1862.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 44. - An Act to amend the Law relating to the giving of Aid to discharged Prisoners. j The Discharged Prisoners' Aid Act, 1862.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 54. - An Act to make further Provision, respecting Lunacy in Scotland. j The Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1862.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 58. - I An Act to make further Provision J with respect to the raising of Money for erecting and improving ' Parochial Buildings in Scotland. The Parochial Buildings (Scotland) Act, 1862.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 59. - An Act to render Owners of Dogs in Ireland liable for Injuries to; Sheep. I The Dogs (Ireland) Act, 1862.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 61. - 1 i An Act for the belter Management 1 of Highways in England. | The Highway Act, i 1862.

86

Ch. 10.

Short Titles Act, 1892.

55 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

25 & 26 Vict 26 Vict. c. 68. - An Act for Amending the Law relating to Copyright in Works of the Fine Arte, and for repressing the Commission of Fraud in the Production and Sale of such Works. The Fine Arts Copyright Act, 1862.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 83. - An Act to amend the Laws in force for the Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland, and to continue the Powers of the Commissioners. The Poor Relief (Ireland) Act, 1862.

25 & 26 Vict 26 Vict. c. 100. - An Act to authorize Improvement Commissioners acting as Burial Boards to mortgage certain Rates for the Purposes of the Burial Acts. The Burial Act, 1862.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 102. - An Act to amend the Metropolis Local Management Acts. The Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1862.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 112. - An Act for establishing the Jurisdiction of the Charity Commissioners in certain Cases. The Charitable Trusts Act, 1862.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 114. - An Act for the Prevention of Poaching. The Poaching Prevention Act, 1862.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 13. - An Act for the Protection of certain Garden or Ornamental Grounds in Cities and Boroughs. The Town Gardens Protection Act, 1863.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 14. - An Act to amend the Law relating to Post Office Savings Banks. The Post Office Savings Bank Act, 1863.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 25. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to make further Provision " and ends with the words "Chapter Ninety-two." The Savings Bank Investment Act, 1863.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 27. - An Act to amend the Law relating to Marriages in Ireland. The Marriage Law (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1863.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 29. - An Act to amend and continue the Law relating to Corrupt Practices at Elections of Members of Parliament. The Corrupt Practices Prevention Act, 1863.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 33. - An Act for granting to Her Majesty certain Duties of Inland Revenue, and to amend the Laws relating to the Inland Revenue. The Revenue Act, 1863.

1892.

Short Titles Act, 1892. Ch. 10.

87

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 41. - An Act to amend the Law respecting the Liability of Innkeepers, and to prevent certain Frauds upon them. The Innkeepers' Liability Act, 1863.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 43. - An Act to enable Her Majesty's Postmaster General to sell and otherwise dispose of Land. The Post Office Lands Act, 1863.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 44. - An Act for the further Security of the Persons of Her Majesty's Subjects from personal violence. The Garrotters Act, 1863.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 52. - An Act to further extend and make compulsory the Practice of Vaccination in Ireland. The Vaccination (Ireland) Act, 1863.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 61. - An Act to prevent Waywardens contracting for Works within their own District. The Highway Act, 1863.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 87. - An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Savings Banks. The Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1863.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 89. - An Act for the further Amendment of the Law relating to the Removal of poor Persons, Natives of Ireland, from England. The Poor Removal Act, 1863.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 100. - An Act to render Owners of Dogs in Scotland liable in certain Cases for Injuries done by their Dogs to Sheep and Cattle. The Dogs (Scotland) Act, 1863.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 103.- An Act to amend the Law in certain Cases of Misappropriation by Servants of the Property of their Masters. The Misappropriation by Servants Act, 1863.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 106.- An Act to further amend the Law relating to the conveyance of Land for Charitable Uses. 1 The Charity Lands Act, 1863.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 108. - An Act to extend and make compulsory the Practice of Vaccination | in Scotland. | The Vaccination (Scotland) Act, 1863.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 109. - An Act for remedying certain De- | fects in the Law relating to the ! Removal of Prisoners in Scotland. The Prisoners Removal (Scotland) Act, 1863.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 115. - An Act to explain the Act for the Amendment of the Law relative to gratuitous Trustees in Scotland. The Trusts (Scotland) Act, 1863.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 18. - An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue. ! The Revenue (No. 1) ] Act, 1864.

88

Ch. 10.

Short Titles, 1892.

55 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

I 27 & 28 Vict. c. 22. - An Act to amend the Laws which regulate the registration of Parliamentary Voters in Counties m Ireland. The Registration of County Voters (Ireland) Act, 1864.

27 & 28 Vict 28 Vict. c. 27. - An Act for regulating the Proving and Sale of Chain Cables and Anchors. The Chain Cable and Anchor Act, 1864.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 32. - An Act to enable certain Banking Copartnerships which shall dis- ! continue the Issue of their own Bank Notes to sue and be sued by their Public Officer. The Banking Copartnerships Act, 1864.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 34. - An Act for amending the Law relating to Seat3 in the House of Commons of Persons holding certain Public Offices. The House of Commons (Vacation of Seats) Act, 1864.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 42. - An Act to provide Superannuation I Allowances to Officers of Unions 1 and parishes. The Poor Law Officers Superannuation Act, 1864.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 43. - An Act to grant additional Facilities for the Purchase of small Government Annuities, and for assuring Payments of Money on Death. The Government Annuities Act, 1864.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 46. - An Act to provide for the Invest- I ment and Appropriation of all 1 Monies received by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt on account of Deferred Life Annuities and Payments to be made on Death. | The Government Annuities (Investments) Act, 1864.

27 & 28 Vict 28 Vict. c. 55. - An Act for the better Regulation of Street Music within the Metropolitan Police District. The Metropolitan Police Act, 1864.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 56. - An Act for granting to Her Majesty certain Stamp Duties, and to amend the Laws relating to the Inland Revenue. The Revenue (No. 2) Act, 1864.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 72. - An Act to explain certain Provisions contained in the Drainage and Improvement of Land (Ireland) Act, 1863. The Drainage and Improvement of Lands Act (Ireland), 1864.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 112. - An Act to amend the Law relating to future Judgments, Statutes, and Recognizances. The Judgments Act, 1864.

1892.

Short Titles Act, 1892. Ch. 10.

89

Session and Chapter.

Title.

[Short Title.]

27 & 28 Vict. c. 118.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 27. -28 & 29 Vict. c. 43.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 60.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 63. -28 & 29 Vict. c. 64.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 65.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 113.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 25. -29 & 30 Vict. c. 31.

29 & 30 Vict 30 Vict. c. 32.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 88.

29 & 30 Vict 30 Vict. c. 111.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 5.

An Act to amend the Acts relating to Salmon Fisheries in Scotland.

An Act for awarding Costs in certain Cases of Private Bills.

An Act to provide for the Security of Property of Married Women separated from their Husbands in Ireland.

An Act to render Owners of Dogs in England and Wales liable for Injuries to Cattle and Sheep.

An Act to remove Doubts as to the Validity of Colonial Laws.

An Act to remove Doubts respecting the Validity of certain Marriages contracted in Her Majesty's Possessions abroad.

An Act to explain the Defence Act, 1860.

An Act to authorize the Payment of Retiring Pensions to Colonial Governors.

The Salmon Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1864.

The Parliamentary Costs Act, 1865.

The Married Women's Property (Ireland) Act, 1865.

The Dogs Act, 1865.

The Colonial Laws Validity Act, 1865.

The Colonial Marriages Act, 1865.

The Defence Act, 1865.

The Colonial Governors (Pensions) Act, 1865.

An Act to consolidate and amend the several Laws regulating the Preparation, Issue, and Payment of Exchequer Bills and Bonds.

The Exchequer Bills and Bonds Act, 1866.

An Act to provide for Superannuation Allowances to Officers of Vestries and other Boards within the area of the Metropolis Local Management Act.

The Superannuation (Metropolis) Act, 1866.

An Act further to amend the Procedure and Powers of the Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes.

An Act to validate certain Licences granted in Ireland for the Establishment of Oyster Beds.

The Matrimonial Causes Act, 1866.

The Oyster Beds (Ireland) Act, 1866.

An Act to further amend the Acts relating to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England.

The Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act,

1866.

An Act to repeal the Duties of Assessed Taxes on Dogs, and to impose in lieu thereof a Duty of Excise.

The Dog Licences Act, 1867.

90

Ch. 10.

Short Titles Act, 1892.

55 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title. I

30 & 31 Vict. c. 39. - An Act for amending the Law with respect to the Accounts of the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District; and for other Purposes relating to the Metropolitan Police. The Metropolitan Police (Receiver) Act, 1867. I

30 & 31 Vict. c. 54. - An Act to amend the Law of Charitable Donations and Bequests in Ireland. The Charitable Donations and Bequests (Ireland) Act, 1867.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 69. - An Act to explain the Operation of an Act passed in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth years of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and thirteen, intituled " An Act " to amend the Law relating to " the Administration of the Estates of deceased Persons." The Real Estate Charges Act, 1867.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 90. - An Act to alter certain Duties and to amend the Laws relating to the Inland Revenue. The Revenue Act, 1867.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 136. - An Act to enable the Courts of Referees to administer Oaths, and award Costs in certain Cases, in the same Manner as Committees on Private Bills. The Parliamentary Costs Act, 1867.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 34. - An Act to alter some Provisions in the existing Acts as to Registration of Writs in certain Registers in Scotland. The Writs Registration (Scotland) Act, 1868.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 89. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to alter certain Provisions, " and ends with the words ‘‘and Tithe Office." The Inclosure, &c. Expenses Act, 1863.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 98. - An Act to make provision for the payment of salaries to clerks of the peace and clerks of the Crown in certain boroughs in Ireland. The Borough Clerks of the Peace (Ireland) Act, 1868.

81 & 32 Vict. c. 116. - An Act to amend the Law relating to Larceny and Embezzlement. The Larceny Act, 1868.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 14. - An Act to amend certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, and to repeal and alter other Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue. The Revenue Act, 1869.

1892.

Short Titles, 1892. Ch. 10.

91

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 15. - An Act to remove doubta as to the qualification of persons holding Civil Service Pensions, or receiving Superannuation Allowances, to sit in Parliament. The Pensioners Civil Disabilities Belief Act, 1869.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 26. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to extend to Burial Grounds, " and ends with the words "Property for such Purposes." The Trustee Appointment Act, 1869.

32 & 33 Vict 33 Vict. c. 94. - An Act to amend the New Parishes Acts and Church Building Acts. The New Parishes Acts and Church Building Acts Amendment Act, 1869.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 23. - An Act to abolish Forfeitures for Treason and Felony, and to otherwise amend the Law relating thereto. The Forfeiture Act, 1870.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 86. - An Act to amend and extend the Act sixteenth and seventeenth Victoria, chapter ninety-two, to make further provision for uniting counties in Scotland in so far as regards the jurisdiction of the Sheriff; and also to make cer- 1 tain provisions regarding the duties of Sheriffs and Sheriffs Substitute in Scotland. The Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1870.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 3. - An Act to empower Committees on, Bills confirming or giving effect to Provisional Orders to award costs and examine witnesses on oath. The Parliamentary Costs Act, 1871.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 114. - An Act to amend the Tramways (Ireland) Acts, 1860 and 1861. The Tramways (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1871.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 10. - An Act to extend the provisions of the Acts relating to Marriages in England and Ireland, so far as they relate to Marriages according to the usages of the Society of Friends. The Marriage (Society of Friends) Act, 1872.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 91. - An Act to authorise the Application of Funds of Municipal Corporations and other governing bodies in certain cases. The Borough Funds Act, 1872.

92

Ch. 10.

Short Titles , 1892.

55 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 63. - An Act to amend the Law relating to Law Agente practising in Scotland. The Law Agents (Scotland) Act, 1873.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 52. - An Act to make regulations for preventing Collisions in the Sea Channels leading to the River Mersey. The Mersey Collisions Act, 1874.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 66. - An Act to enlarge the Jurisdiction of the Civil Bill Courts in Ireland in respect to the recovery of Balances due on partnership Accounts, and in respect of Actions involving Questions of Title to corporeal and incorporeal Hereditaments. The Civil Bill Courts (Ireland) Act, 1874.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 12. - An Act to amend the Law relating to International Copyright. The International Copyright Act, 1875.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 26. - An Act to amend the Law of Bank* ruptcy in Scotland. The Bankruptcy (Scotland) Act, 1875.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 41. - An Act to remove Restrictions on the granting of Qualifications for Registration under the Medical Act on the ground of Sex. The Medical Act, 1876.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 46. - An Act for more effectually punishing Offences against the Laws relating to the Slave Trade. The Slave Trade Act, 1876.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 65. - An Act to amend the Tramways (Ireland) Act, 1860, and the Tramways (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1861, as regards the application of the same to the county and the county of the city of Dublin. The Tramways (Ireland) Amendment (Dublin'! Act, 1876.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 14. - An Act for the amendment of the Law of Evidence in certain cases of misdemeanours. The Evidence Act, 1877.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 34. - An Act to amend the Acts seventeenth and eighteenth Victoria, chapter one hundred and thirteen, and thirtieth and thirty-first Victoria, chapter sixty-nine. The Real Estate Charges Act, 1877.

1892.

Short Titles Act, 1892. Ch. 10.

93

Session and Chapter.

Title.

[Short Title.]

40 & 41 Vict. c. 40.

An Act to amend the Form of Warrant of Execution on certain Extracts of Writs registered in the Books of Council and Session and Sheriff Court Books in Scotland; and to provide for the Authentication of certain Extracts of Writs.

The Writs Execution (Scotland) Act, 1877.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 12.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 42.

43 Vict. c. 7.

An Act for the Prevention of Accidents by Threshing Machines.

The Threshing

Machines Act, 1878.

An Act to amend and further extend the Acts for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales.

An Act to amend the Law in regard to charging Road Debts on Entailed Estates in Scotland.

The Tithe Act, 1878.

The Roads Amendment Act, 1880.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 19.

An Act for further regulating the Transmission of Newspapers.

The Post Office (Newspaper) Act, 1881.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Collective Titles.

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Collective Title.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 52.

47 & 48 Vict. c. 9.-

00 & 49 Vict. c. 47.

49 & 50 Vict. c. 12.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 66.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 62.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 71.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 79.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 19.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 26.

43 & 44 Vict. c. 34.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 22.

The Bankruptcy Act, 1883

The Bankruptcy Appeals (County Courts) Act, 1884.

The Bankruptcy (Office Accommodation) Act, 1885.

The Bankruptcy (Office Accommodation) Act, 1886.

The Bankruptcy (Discharge and Closure) Act, 1887.

The Preferential Payments in Bankruptcy Act, 1888.

The Bankruptcy Act, 1890

1

I (The Bankruptcy Acts, , f 1883 to 1890.

' I

I

The Bankruptcy (Scotland) Act. 1856.

The Bankruptcy and Real Securities (Scotland) Act, 1857.

The Bankruptcy (Scotland) Act, 1875.

The Debtors (Scotland) Act, 1880 - The Bankruptcy and Cessio (Scotland) Act, 1881.

The Bankruptcy (Scotland) Acts, 1856 to 1881.

94

Ch. 10.

Short Titles , 1892.

55 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Collective Title.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 74. - 10 & 11 Vict. c. 61. 41 & 42 Vict. c. 14. 45 & 46 Vict. c. 30. The Baths and Washhouses Act, 1846. The Baths and Washhouses Act, f 1847. i The Baths and Washhouses Act, I 1878. j The Baths and Washhouses Act, 1882. The Baths and Wash->- houses Acts, 1846 to 1882.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 86. 7 Will. 4. and 1 Vict. c. 22. 21 & 22 Vict. c. 25. 37 & 38 Vict. c. 88. The Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1836. The Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1837. The Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1858. The Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1874. The Births and Deaths > Registration Acts, 1836 to 1674.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 80. 18 & 19 Vict. c. 29. 23 & 24 Vict. c. 85. The Registration of Births, Deaths, and Marriages (Scotland) Act, 1854. The Registration of Births, Deaths, and Marriages (Scotland) Act, 1855. The Registration of Births, Deaths, and Marriages (Scotland) Act, 1860. The Births, Deaths, and > Marriages (Scotland) Acts, 1854 to 1860.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 11. The Registration of Births and Deaths (Ireland) Act. The Births and Deaths Registration Acts

43 & 44 Vict. c. 13. The Births and Deaths Registration Act (Ireland), 1880. > (Ireland), 1863 to 1880.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 85. The Burial Act, 1852

16 & 17 Vict. c. 134. The Burial Act, 1853

17 & 18 Vict. c. 87. The Burial Act, 1854

18 & 19 Vict. c. 128. The Burial Act, 1855

20 & 21 Vict. c. 81. The Burial Act, 1857

22 Vict. c. 1. 23 & 24 Vict. c. 64. 25 & 26 Vict. c. 100. The Burial Act, 1859 The Burial Act, 1860 The Burial Act, 1862 The Burial Acts, 1852 to 1885.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 33. The Burial Act, 1871

43 & 44 Vict. c. 41. The Burial Laws Amendment Act, 1880.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 2. -48 & 49 Vict. c. 21. The Burial and Registration Acts (Doubts Removal) Act, 1881. The Burial Boards (Contested Elections) Act, 1885.

1892,

Short Titles Act, 1892. Ch. 10.

95

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Collective Title.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 137. 18 & 19 Vict. c. 124. 23 & 24 Vict. c. 136. 25 & 26 Vict. c. 112. 32 & 33 Vict. c. 110. 50 & 51 Vict 51 Vict. c. 49. 54 & 55 Vict. c. 17. The Charitable Trusts Act) 1853 - The Charitable Trusts Amendment Act, 1855. The Charitable Trusts Act, 1860 - The Charitable Trusts Act, 1862 - The Charitable Trusts Act, 1869 - The Charitable Trusts Act, 1887 > The Charitable Trusts (Recovery) Act, 1891. \ > The Charitable Trusts > Acts, 1853 to 1891.

58 Geo. 3. c. 45. The Church Building Act, 1818 -

59 Geo. 3. c. 134. The Church Building Act, 1819

3 Geo. 4. c. 72. - The Church Building Act, 1822 -

5 Geo. 4. c. 103. - The Church Building Act, 1824 -

7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 72. The Church Building Act, 1827 -

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 38. The Church Building Act, 1831

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 61. The Church Building Act, 1832 -

1 & 2 Vict. c. 107. - The Church Building Act, 1838 -

2 & 3 Vict. c. 49. - The Church Building Act, 1839

3 & 4 Vict. c. 60. - The Church Building Act, 1840 -

7 & 8 Vict. c. 56. - The Church Building (Banns and Marriages) Act, 1844. The Church Building Acts, 1818 to 1884.

8 & 9 Vict c. 70. - The Church Building Act, 1845

9 & 10 Vict. c. 68. -11 & 12 Vict. c. 37. The Church Building (Burial Service in Chapels) Act, 1846. The Church Building Act, 1848 -

14 & 15 Vict c. 97. The Church Building Act, 1851 -

17 & 18 Vict c. 32. The Church Building Act, 1854 -

19 & 20 Vict. c. 55. 32 & 33 Vict 33 Vict. c. 94. 47 & 48 Vict. c. 65. The Church Building Commissioners (Transfer of Powers) Act, 1856. The New Parishes Acts and Church Building Acts Amendment Act, 1869. The New Parishes Acts and Church Building Acts Amendment Act, 1884.

06

Ch. 10.

Short Titles , 1892.

55 VICT.

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

! Collective Title.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 89.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 19.

30 & 31 Vict 31 Vict. i L\ 131.

33 & 34 Vict. C. 104.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 26.

42 & 43 Vict. C. 76.

43 Vict. c. 19 .

46 & 47 Vict. c. 30.

49 & 50 Vict c. 23.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 62.

53 & 54 Vict. C- 63.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 16.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 48.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 37.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 74.

47 & 48 Vict. c. 13.

47 & 48 Vict. c. 47.

49 & 50 Vict. c. 32.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 14.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 35.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 23.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 55. -15 & 16 Vict. c. 51. 21 & 22 Vict. c. 94. 50 & 51 Vict. c. 73.

8 Geo. 2. c. 13.

7 Geo. 3. c. 38.

15 Geo. 3. c. 53.

17 Geo. 3. c. 57.

54 Geo. 3. c. 56.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 15.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 65.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 59.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 110. 5 & 6 Vict. c. 45. -10 & 11 Vict. c. 95. 25 & 26 Vict. c. 68.

The Companies Act, 1862 - The Companies Seals Act, 1864 The Companies Act, 1867 - The Joint Stock Companies Arrangement Act, 1870.

The Companies Act, 1877 - The Companies Act, 1879 - The Companies Act, 1880 - The Companies (Colonial Registers) Act, 1883.

The Companies Act, 1886 - The Companies (Memorandum of Association) Act, 1890.

The Companies (Winding-up) Act, 1890.

The Companies 1862 to 1890.

Acts,

The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845.

The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1888.

The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1889.

The Companies Clauses Consolidation Acts, 1845 to 1889.

The Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1878.

The Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1884.

The Contagious Diseases (Animals) Transfer of Parts of Districts Act, 1884.

The Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1886.

The Contagious Diseases (Animals) (Pleuro-Pneumonia) Act, 1890.

The Copyhold Act, 1841 -

The Copyhold Act, 1843 - The Copyhold Act, 1844 - The Copyhold Act, 1852 - The Copyhold Act, 1858 - The Copyhold Act, 1887 -

The Contagious Diseases > (Animals) Acts, 1878 to 1890.

J

h

j>The Copyhold Acts.

J

The Engraving Copyright Act, 1734 The Engraving Copyright Act, 1766 The Copyright Act, 1775 - The Prints Copyright Act, 1777 - j The Sculpture Copyright Act, 1814 I The Dramatic Copyright Act, 1833 ' i The Lectures Copyright Act, 1*35 | )>The Copyright Acts. The Prints and Engravings Copy- °

right (Ireland) Act, 1836.

The Copyright Act, 1836 - The Copyright Act, 1842 *

The Colonial Copyright Act, 1847 The Fine Arts Copyright Act, 1862

1892.

Short Titles Act, 1892. Ch. 10.

97

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Collective Title.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 57. 27 & 28 Vict. c. 99. 34 & 35 Vict. c. 99. 37 & 38 Vict 38 Vict. c. 66. 39 & 40 Vict 40 Vict. c. 71. 40 & 41 Vict. c. 56. 45 & 46 Vict. c. 29. 52 & 53 Vict. c. 48. The Civil Bill Courts (Ireland) Act, 1851. The Civil Bill Courts Procedure Amendment Act (Ireland), 1864. The Civil Bill Courts Procedure Amendment Act (Ireland), 1871. The Civil Bill Courts (Ireland) Act, 1874. The Chairman of Quarter Sessions (Ireland) Jurisdiction Act, 1876. The County Officers and Courts (Ireland) Act, 1877. The County Court Amendment (Ireland) Act, 1882. The County Court Appeals (Ireland) Act, 1889. The County Courts (Ireland) Acts, 1851 to 1889.

48 Geo. 3. c. 151. - The Court of Session Act, 1808 - N

50 Geo. 3. c. 112. - The Court of Session Act, 1810

53 Geo. 3. c. 64. The Court of Session Act, 1813 -

59 Geo. 3. c. 45. - The Court of Session Act, 1819 -

1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 38. - The Court of Session Act, 1821

6 Geo. 4. c. 120. - The Court of Session Act, 1825 -

11 Geo. 4. and 1 Will. 4. c. 69. 1 & 2 Vict. c. 86. - 1 & 2 Vict. c. 118. - 2 & 3 Vict. c. 36. - The Court of Session Act, 1830 The Court of Session (No. 1) Act, 1838. The Court of Session (No. 2) Act, 1838. The Court of Session Act, 1839 - The Court of Session > Acts, 1808 to 1868.

13 & 14 Vict c. 36. The Court of Session Act, 1850

20 & 21 Vict. c. 18. 20 & 21 Vict. c. 56. The Bill Chamber Procedure Act, 1857. The Court of Session Act, 1857 -

31 & 32 Vict. c. 100. The Court of Session Act, 1868 -

98

Ch. 10.

Short Titles Act, 1892.

55 VICT.

Session and Chapter.

10 Geo. 4. c. 50.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 1.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 112.

3 A 4 Will. 4. c. 69.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 58.

5 Vict. c. 1.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 99.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 42.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 62.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 56. 29 & 30 Vict. c. 62. 36 & 37 Vict. c. 36. 48 & 49 Vict. c. 79.

The Crown The Crown The Crown 1832. The Crown 1883. The Crown 1835. The Crown The Crown The Crown The Crown The Crown The Crown The Crown The Crown

[Short Title.]

Lands Act, 1829 Lands Act, 1832 Lands (Scotland) Act,

Lands (Scotland) Act,

Lands (Scotland) Act,

Lands Act, 1841 Lands Act, 1845 Lands Act, 1851 Lands Act, 1852 Lands Act, 1853 Lands Act., 1866 Lands Act, 1873 Lands Act, 1885

Collective Title.

The Crown Lands Acts, 1829 to 1885.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 94.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 67.

22 Vict. c. 12.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 112.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 65.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 72.

The Defence Act, 1842 The Defence Act, 1854 The Defence Act, 1859 The Defence Act, 1860 The Defence Act, 1865 The Defence Acts Amendment Act, 1873.

The Defence Acts, 1842 to 1873.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 88.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 72.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 52.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 72.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 31.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 32.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 59. 43 & 44 Vict. c. 27.

The Drainage and Improvement of Lands Act (Ireland), 1863.

The Drainage and Improvement of Lands Act (Ireland), 1864.]

The Drainage and Improvement of Lands Amendment Act (Ireland), 1 1865.

The Drainage and Improvement of Lands Amendment Act (Ireland), I 1869.

The Drainage and Improvement of x Lands Amendment Act (Ireland), I

1872.]

The Drainage and Improvement of j Lands Amendment Act (Ireland), i 1874.

The Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act, 1878.

The Drainage and Improvement of:Lands (Ireland) Act, 1880.

The Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Acts, 1863 to 1880.

(j

1892.

Short Tides, 1892. Ch. 10.

99

Sea non and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Collective Title.

3*4 Vict c. 113. -4 & 5 Vict. c. 39. -13 & 14 Vict c. 94. 23 & 24 Vict. c. 124. 29 & 30 Vict. c. 111.

The Ecclesiastical Act, 1840.

The Ecclesiastical Act, 1841.

The Ecclesiastical Act, 1850.

The Ecclesiastical Act, 1860.

The Ecclesiastical

Commissioners

Commissioners

Commissioners

Commissioners

Commissioners

The Ecclesiastical Commissioners Acts, 1840 to 1885.

36 & 87 Vict. c. 64. 38 & 39 Vict. c. 71. 48 & 49 Vict. c. 81.

Act, 1866.

The Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1873.

The Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1875.

The Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1885.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 75. 36 & 37 Vict. c. 86. 39 & 40 Vict. c. 79.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 48.

43 & 44 Vict. c. 23.

53 & 54 Vict c. 22.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 56.

The Elementary Education Act, 1870.

The Elementary Education Act, 1873.

The Elementary Education Act, 1876.

The Elementary Education (Industrial Schools) Act, 1879.

The Elementary Education Act, 1880.

The Education Code Act, 1890

The Elementary Education Act, 1891.

The Elementary Edu-> cation Acts, 1870 to 1891.

32 & 33 Vict c. 56.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 87.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 87. 52 & 53 Vict. c. 40.

The Endowed Schools Act, 1869 - The Endowed Schools Act, 1873 - The Endowed Schools Act, 1874 - The Welsh Intermediate Education Act, 1889.

}The Endowed Schools Acts, 1869 to 1889.

1685, c. 26.

20 Geo. 2. c. 50. ss.

14, 15, 16, 17.

20 Geo. 2. c. 51. ss. 2 3

10 Geo. 3. c. 51.

5 Geo. 4. c. 87.

6 A 7 Will. 4. c. 42. 3 & 4 Vict. c. 48.

11 & 12 Vict c. 36. 16 & 17 Vict. c. 94. 23 & 24 Vict. c. 95. 31 & 32 Vict. c. 84. 38 & 39 Vict. c. 61. 41 & 42 Vict. c. 28. 41 & 42 Vict. c. 51.

s.70.

43 Vict c. 7.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 53.

The Entail Act, 1685 The Tenures Abolition Act, 1746 -

The Sales to Crown Act, 1746

The Entail Improvement Act, 1770 The Entail Provisions Act, 1824 The Entail Powers Act, 1836 The Entail Sites Act, 1840 The Entail Amendment Act, 1848 The Entail Amendment Act, 1853 The Entail Cottages Act, 1860 The Entail Amendment Act, 1868 The Entail Amendment Act, 1875 The Entail Amendment Act, 1878 The Roads and Bridges (Scotland)

Act, 1878.

The Roads Amendment Act, 1880 - The Entail (Scotland) Act, 1882 -

Cl 2

) >The Entail Acts.

100

Ch. 10.

Short Titles Act, 1892.

55 VICT.

Session and Chapter.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 16.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 53.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 62.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 75.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 106.-

7 & 8 Vict. c. 108.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 108.-

11 & 12 Vict. c. 92.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 88.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 114.

29 & 30 Vict c. 88.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 97.

32 & 33 Vict c. 9.-

32 & 33 Vict. c. 92.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 66.

47 & 48 Vict. c. 48.

61 & 52 Vict. c. 30.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 74.

54 & 55 Vict c. 20.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 68.

81 & 32 Vict. c. 61.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 47.

o4 & 55 Vict. c. 74.

38 & 39 Vict c. 60.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 56.

52 & 53 Vict. i c. 22.

[Short Title.]

Collective Title.

- The Factory and Workshop Act, 1878.

The Factory and Workshop Act, 1883.

The Cotton Cloth Factories Act, 1889.

The Factory and Workshop Act, 1891.

The Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1842 - The Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1844-The Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1845 -

The Factory and Work->. shop Acts, 1878 to 1891.

The Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1848 -

The Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1850 -

The Salmon Fishery (Ireland) Act, 1863.

The Oyster Beds (Ireland) Act, 1866.

The Oyster Fishery (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1866.

The Salmon Fishery (Ireland) Act, 1869.

The Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1869 -

The Fisheries (Ireland) ' Acts, 1842 to 1891.

The Pollen Fishing (Ireland) Act, 1881.

The Oyster Cultivation (Ireland) Act, 1884.

The Fishery (Ireland) Act, 1888 -

The Steam Trawling (Ireland) Act, 1889.

The Pollen Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1891.

The Consular Marriage Act, 1849 - The Consular Marriage Act, 1868 - The Marriage Act, 1890 The Foreign Marriage Act, 1891 -

1

The Foreign Marriage Acts, 1849 to 1891.

The Friendly Societies Act, 1875

The Friendly Societies Act, 1887

The Friendly Societies Act, 1889

The Friendly Societies y Acts, 1875 to 1889.

JL892.

Short Titles, 1892. Ch. 10.

101

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. ColleotiTe Title.

10 Geo. 4. c. 24. - 2 A 3 Will 4. c. 59. 3 &4 Will. 4. c. 24. 16 & 17 Vict c. 45. 27 & 28 Vict. c. 43. 36 & 37 Vict. c. 44. 45 & 46 Vict. c. 51. 50 & 51 Vict. c. 40., Parts II. and III. The Government Annuities Act, 1829. The Government Annuities Act, 1832. The Government Annuities Act, 1833. The Government Annuities Act, 1853. The Government Annuities Act, 1864. The Government Annuities Act, 1873. The Government Annuities Act, 1882. Parts II. and III. of the Savings Banks Act, 1887. The Government Annuities Acts, 1829 to 1887.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 89. The Greenwich Hospital Act, 1865

32 & 33 Vict 33 Vict. c. 44. 35 & 36 Vict c. 67. The Greenwich Hospital Act, 1869 The Greenwich Hospital Act, 1872 The Greenwich Hospital Acts, 1865 to 1885.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 32. The Greenwich Hospital Act, 1883

48 & 49 Vict. c. 42. The Greenwich Hospital Act, 1885 j

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 50. The Highway Act, 1835 -

25 & 26 Vict 26 Vict c. 61. The Highway Act, 1862 -

26 & 27 Vict. c. 61. The Highway Act, 1863 -

27 & 28 Vict c. 101. 41 & 42 Vict. c. 77. 45 & 46 Vict. c. 27. 48 & 49 Vict. c. 13. The Highway Act, 1864 - The Highways and Locomotives (Amendment) Act, 1878. The Highway Rate Assessment and Expenditure Act, 1882. The Highway Act Amendment Act, 1885. The Highway Acts, 1835 to 1885.

102

Ch. 10.

Short Titles Act, 1892.

55 Vict.

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Collective Title.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 118.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 70.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 111.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 99.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 83.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 53.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 79. 17 & 18 Vict. c. 97. 20 & 21 Vict. c. 31. 22 & 23 Vict. c. 43. 31 & 32 Vict. c. 89.

The Inclosure Act, 1845 - The Inclosure Act, 1846 - The Inclosure Act, 1847 - The Inclosure Act, 1848 - The Inclosure Act, 1849 - The Inclosure Commissioners Act, 1851.

The Inclosure Act, 1852 - The Inclosure Act, 1854 - The Inclosure Act, 1857 - The Inclosure Act, 1859 - The Inclosure, &c. Expenses Act,

1868.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 56.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 56.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 37. 45 & 46 Vict. c. 15.

The Commons Act, 1876 - The Commons (Expenses) Act, 1878 The Commons Act, 1879 - The Commonable Bights Compensation Act, 1882.

The Inclosure Acta, 1845 to 1882.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 12.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 12.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 68. 38 & 39 Vict. c. .12.

49 & 50 Vict. c. 33.

The International Copyright Act, 1844 -

The International Copyright Act, 1852 -

The Fine Arts Copyright Act, 1862 The International Copyright Act, 1875 -

The International Copyright Act, 1886 -

The International Copyright Acts.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 66.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 77.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 59.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 9. -42 & 43 Vict. c. 78. 44 & 45 Vict. c. 68. 47 & 48 Vict. c. 61. 50 & 51 Vict. c. 70.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 44.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 14. 54 & 55 Vict. c. 53.

The Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1873 .The Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1875 The Appellate Jurisdiction Act, 1876 - The Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1877 The Supreme Court of Judicature (Officers) Act, 1879 The Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1881 The Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1884 The Appellate Jurisdiction Act, 1887 -

The Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1890 The Supreme Court of Judicature (London Causes) Act, 1891.

The Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1891 -

The Judicature 1873 to 1891.

Acts,

1892'.

Short Titles Act, 1892. Ch. 10.

103

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Collective Title.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 46.

Parts II. and III. 35 & 36. Vict. c. 32.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 49., Parts V., VI., and

The Landlord and Tenant (Ireland) Act, 1870. I

The Landlord and Tenant (Ireland) Act, 1872.

The Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881

vn.

46 A47 Vict. c. 43., Part II.

48 A49 Vict. c. 73.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 33., Parts II. and IV.

The Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883.

The Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1885.

The Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1887

The Land Purchase (Ireland) Acts, 1870 to 1891.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 49.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 13. 54 & 55 Vict. c. 48.

The Purchase of Land (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1888.

The Purchase of Land (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1889.

The Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1891.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 32.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 59. 15 & 16 Vict. c. 34.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 153. 25 & 26 Vict. c. 29.

The Landed Property Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1847.

The Landed Property Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1849.

The Landed Property Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1852.

The Landed Property Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1860.

The Landed Property Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1862.

The Landed Property Improvement (Ireland) Acts.

9 Geo. 4. c. 58.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 67. 25 & 26 Vict. c. 35.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 26.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 3.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 38.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 71. 25 & 26 Vict. c. 54. 29 & 30 Vict. c. 51. 34 & 35 Vict. c. 55.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 39.

The Licensing (Scotland) Act, 1828 The Licensing (Scotland) Act, 1853 The Public Houses Acts Amendment (Scotland) Act, 1862.

The Publicans' Certificates (Scotland) Act, 1876.

The Publicans* Certificates (Scotland) Act (1876) Amendment Act, 1877.

The Public Houses, Hours of Closing (Scotland) Act, 1887.

The Licensing (Scotland) Acts, 1828 to 1887.

The Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1857 - The Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1862 - The Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1866 - The Criminal and Dangerous Lunatics (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1871.

The Lunacy Districts (Scotland) Act, 1887.

The Lunacy (Scotland) Acts, 1857 to 1887.

10 4

Ch. 10.

Short Tiites Act, 1892.

55 Yicrr.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Collective Title.

51 Geo. 3. c. 37. The Marriage Act, 1811 -

4 Geo. 4. c. 76. The Marriage Act, 1823 -

5 Geo. 4. c. 32. The Marriage Act, 1824 -

11 Geo. 4. and 1 Will. 4. c. 18. 5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 54. The Marriage Confirmation Act, 1830. The Marriage Act, 1835 -

6 A 7 Will. 4. c. 85. The Marriage Act, 1836 -

7 Will. 4. and 1 Vict. c. 22. 3 & 4 Vict. c. 72. - The Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1837. The Marriage Act, 1840 - The Marriage Acts, > 1811 to 1886.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 119. 23 & 24 Vict. c. 18. 23 & 24 Vict 24 Vict. c. 24. 35 & 36 Vict. c. 10. 47 & 48 Vict. c. 20. The Marriage and Registration Act, 1856. The Marriage (Society of Friends) Act, 1860. The Marriage Confirmation Act, 1860. The Marriage (Society of Friends) Act, 1872. The Greek Marriages Act, 1884 -

49 & 50 Vict. c. 3. - The Marriages Validity Act, 1886 -

49 & 50 Vict. c. 14. The Marriage Act, 1886 - >

20 & 21 Vict. c. 85. The Matrimonial Causes Act, 1857

21 & 22 Vict. c. 108. The Matrimonial Causes Act, 1858

22 & 23 Vict. c. 61. The Matrimonial Causes Act, 1859

23 & 24 Vict. c. 144. The Matrimonial Causes Act, 1860 The Matrimonial Causes Acts, 1857 to 1873.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 32. The Matrimonial Causes Act, 1866

31 A 32 ViQt, c. 77. 36 & 37 Vict. c. 31. The Divorce Amendment Act, 1868. The Matrimonial Causes Act, 1873

21 & 22 Vict. c. 90. The Medical Act -

22 Vict. c. 21. The Medical Act, 1859 *

23 & 24 Vict. c. 7. 39 & 40 Vict. c. 40. 39 & 40 Vict. c. 41. The Medical Acts Amendment Act, 1860. The Medical Practitioners Act, 1876. The Medical Act, 1876 >The Medical Acts.

49 & 50 Vict. c. 48. The Medical Act, 1886

1892.

iShort Titles Act, 1892. Ch. 10.

105

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Collective Title.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 104.

The Merchant Shipping Act, 1854

18 & 19 Vict. c. 91.

19 & 20 Vict c. 41. 25 & 26 Vict. c. 63. 30 & 81 Vict. c. 124.

The Merchant Shipping Act (Amendment) Act, 1855.

The Seamen's Sayings Bank Act, 1856.

The Merchant Shipping Act Amendment Act, 1862.

The Merchant Shipping Act, 1867

31 & 32 Vict c. 129.

The Colonial Shipping Act, 1868 -

32 & 33 Vict. c. 11. The Merchant Shipping (Colonial) Act, 1869.

34 & 35 Vict c. 110. The Merchant Shipping Act, 1871

35 A36 Vict. c. 73.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 85.

The Merchant Shipping Act, 1872 The Merchant Shipping Act, 1873

39 A40 Vict. c. 80.

42 & 43 Vict c. 72.

43 & 44 Vict. c. 16. 43 A44 Vict. c. 18. 43 & 44 Vict. c. 22. 43 & 44 Vict. c. 43. 45 & 46 Vict c. 55.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 76.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 41. 50* 51 Vict. c. 4.-

50 & 51 Vict. c. 62.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 24.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 43.

52 A53 Vict. c. 46. 52 & 53 Vict 53 Vict. c. 68.

52 & 53 Vict c. 73.

53 & 54 Vict c. 9.

The Merchant Shipping Act, 1876

The Shipping Casualties Investigations Act, 1879.

The Merchant Seamen (Payment of Wages and Rating) Act, 1880.

The Merchant Shipping Act (1854) Amendment Act, 1880.

The Merchant Shipping (Fees and Expenses) Act, 1880.

The Merchant Shipping (Carriage of Grain) Act, 1880.

The Merchant Shipping (Expenses) Act, 1882.

The Merchant Shipping (Colonial Inquiries) Act, 1882.

The Merchant Shipping (Fishing Boats) Act, 1883.

The Merchant Shipping (Fishing Boots) Act, 1887.

The Merchant Shipping (Miscellaneous) Act, 1887.

The Merchant Shipping (Life Saving Appliances) Act, 1888.

The Merchant Shipping (Tonnage) Act, 1889.

The Merchant Shipping Act, 1889

The Merchant Shipping (Pilotage) Act, 1889.

The Merchant Shipping (Colours) Act, 1889.

The Merchant Shipping Act, 1890

The Merchant Shipping Acts, 1854 to 1890.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 41. 50 & 51 Vict. c. 4.

The Merchant Shipping (Fishing Boats) Act, 1883.

The Merchant Shipping (Fishing Boats) Act, 1887.

I The Merchant Shipping > (Fishing Boats) Acts, J 1883 and 1887.

106

Ch. 10.

Short Titles, 1892.

56 VICT.

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Collective Title.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 120.

The Metropolis Management Act, 1855.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 112. 21 & 22 Vict. c. 104. 25 & 26 Vict. c. 102. 41 & 42 Vict. c. 32.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 14.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 33.

50 A51 Vict. c. 17.

The Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1856.

The Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1858.

The Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1862.

The Metropolis Management and Building Acts Amendment Act, 1878 (Part I.).

The Metropolis Management and Building Acts Amendment Act, 1882 (Part II.).

The Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1885.

The Metropolis Management (Battersea and Westminster) Act, 1887.

vThe Metropolis Management Acts, 1855 to 1890.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 54. The Metropolis Management Act,

1862, Amendment Act, 1890.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 66. The Metropolis Management Amend- 4

ment Act, 1890.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 84. -18 & 19 Vict. c. 122.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 52.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 87. 32 & 33 Vict. c. 82. 41 & 42 Vict. c. 82.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 14.

The Metropolitan Building Act, 1844.

The Metropolitan Building Act, 1855.

The Metropolitan Building Act (Amendment), 1860.

The Metropolitan Building Amendment Act, 1861.

The Metropolitan Building Act, 1869.

The Metropolis Management and Building Acts Amendment Act, 1878 — Part II.

The Metropolis Management and Building Acts (Amendment) Act, 1882 — Part III.

The Metropolitan >. Building Acts, 1844 to 1882.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 122. 32 & 33 Vict. c. 107. 41 & 42 Vict. c. 71.

The Metropolitan Commons Act, 1866.

The Metropolis Commons Amendment Act, 1869.

The Metropolitan Commons Act, 1878.

The Metropolitan Commons Acts, 1866 to 1878.

1892.

Short Titles Act, 1892. Ch. 10.

107

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Collective Title.

10 Geo. 4. c. 44.

2 A3 Vict. c. 47.

19 A20 Vict. c. 2.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 64.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 135.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 51. 24 & 25 Vict. c. 124.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 55.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 39.

31 A32 Vict c. 67. 38 & 39 Vict. c. 28.

47 & 48 Vict. c. 17.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 68.

The Metropolitan Police Act, 1829

The Metropolitan Police Act, 1839

The Metropolitan Police Act, 1856

The Metropolitan Police Act, 1857

The Metropolitan Police Act, 1860

The Metropolitan Police Act, 1861

The Metropolitan Police Receiver* Act, 1861.

The Metropolitan Police Act, 1864

The Metropolitan Police (Receiver) Act, 1867.

The Police Rate Act, 1868 -

The Metropolitan Police Staff (Superannuation) Act, 1875.

The Metropolitan Police Act, 1884

The Metropolitan Police Staff Superannuation Act, 1885.

l The Metropolitan Police Acts, 1829 to 1890.

49 & 50 Vict. c. 22. The Metropolitan Police Act, 1886

50 & 51 Vict. c. 45. The Metropolitan Police Act, 1887

53 & 54 Vict. c. 45.

The Police Act, 1890

3 & 4 Vict. c. 108.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 104.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 93.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 5.

22 Vict. c. 35.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 16.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 74. 31 & 32 Vict. c. 98.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 40.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 76.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 53. 48 & 49 Vict. c. 9.-51 & 52 Vict. c. 34. 51 & 52 Vict. c. 53.

The Municipal Corporations (Ireland) Act, 1840.

The Municipal Corporations (Ireland) Act, 1842.

The Municipal Corporations (Ireland) Act, 1843.

The Municipal Corporations Act, 1852

The Municipal Corporation Act, 1859

The Municipal Corporation Mortgages, &c. Act, 1860.

The Borough Coroners (Ireland) Act, 1860.

The Borough Clerks of the Peace (Ireland) Act, 1868.

The Municipal Elections Act, 1875

The Municipal Privilege Act (Ireland), 1876.

The Municipal Elections (Ireland) Act, 1879.

The Municipal Voters Relief Act, 1885.

The Municipal Local Bills (Ireland) Act, 1888.

The Borough Funds (Ireland) Act, 1888.

The Municipal Corpo-> rations (Ireland) Acts, 1840 to 1888.

108

Ch. 10.

Short Titles Act, 1892.

55 Vict.

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

33 & 34 Vict. c. 71. 38 & 39 Vict. c. 45.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 55.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 72.

47 & 48 Vict. c. 23. 50 & 51 Vict. c. 16.

The National Debt Act, 1870 The Sinking Fund Act, 1875 The National Debt Act, 1881 The Revenue, Friendly Societies, and National Debt Act, 1882 (Part III.) The National Debt (Conversion of Stock) Act, 1884.

The National Debt and Local Loans

51 & 52 Vict. c. 2.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 15.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 4. -52 & 53 Vict c. 6.

Act, 1887.

The National Debt (Conversion) Act, 1888.

The National Debt (Supplemental) Act, 1888.

The National Debt Redemption Act, 1889.

The National Debt Act, 1889

Collective Title.

The National Debt Acts, 1870 to 1889.

5 A 6 Will. 4. c. 24. 16 & 17 Vict. c. 69. 47 & 48 Vict. c. 46.

The Naval Enlistment Act, 1835 The Naval Enlistment Act, 1853 The Naval Enlistment Act, 1884

The Naval Enlistment Acts, 1835 to 1884.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 37.

The New Parishes Act, 1843

7 & 8 Vict. c. 94.

The New Parishes Act, 1844

19 & 20 Vict. c. 104. 32 & 33 Vict. c. 94.

47 & 48 Vict. c. 65.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 35.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 34.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 32. 53 & 54 Vict. c. 15.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 69.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 78.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 27.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 136.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 3.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 17.

The New Parishes Act, 1856

The New Parishes Acts and Church Building Acts Amendment Act, 1869.

The New Parishes Acts and Church Building Acts Amendment Act, 1884.

The New Parishes Acts, 1843 to 1884.

The Metropolitan Open Spaces Act, 1877.

The Metropolitan Open Spaces Act, 1881.

The Open Spaces Act, 1887 The Open Spaces Act, 1890

The Open Spaces Acts, 1877 to 1890.

The House of Commons Costs Taxation Act, 1847.

The House of Lords Costs Taxation Act, 1849.

The Parliamentary Costs Act, 1865.

The Parliamentary Costs Act, 1867.

The Parliamentary Costs Act, 1871.

The House of Commons Costs Taxation Act, 1879.

The Parliamentary Costs Acts, 1847 to 1879.

1892.

Short Titles Act, 1892. Ch. 10.

109

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Collective Title.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 119. The Passengers Act, 1855 -

24 & 25 Vict. c. 52. The Australian Passengers Act, 1861.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 51. The Passengers Act Amendment Act, 1863.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 95. 35 & 36 Vict. c. 73. The Passengers Act Amendment Act, 1870. The Merchant Shipping Act, 1872 (so far as it amends the Passengers Acts). The Passengers Acts, 1855 to 1889.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 80. The Merchant Shipping Act, 1876 (so far as it amends the Passengers Acts).

52 & 53 Vict. c. 29. The Passengers Acts Amendment Act, 1889.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 99. The Penal Servitude Act, 1853 1

20 & 21 Vict. c. 3. -27 & 28 Vict. c. 47. The Penal Servitude Act, 1857 The Penal Servitude Act, 1864 I The Penal Servitude > Acts, 1853 to 1891.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 69. The Penal Servitude Act, 1891 J

2 & 3 Vict. c. 93. - The County Police Act, 1839

3 & 4 Vict. c. 88. - The County Police Act, 1840

19 & 20 Vict. c. 69. 20 Vict. c. 2. 22 & 23 Vict. c. 32. 28 & 29 Vict. c. 35. 45 & 46 Vict. c. 50. 53 & 54 Vict. c. 45. The County and Borough Police Act, 1856. The County Police Act, 1857 The County and Borough Police Act, 1859. The Police Superannuation Act, 1865. Sections one hundred and ninety to one hundred, and ninety-four of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882. The Police Act, 1890 The Police Acts, 1839 to 1890.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 72. 21 & 22 Vict. c. 65. 53 & 54 Vict. c. 67. The Police (Scotland) Act, 1857 - The Police (Scotland) Act, 1858 - The Police (Scotland) Act, 1890 - 1 The Police (Scotland) / Acts, 1857 to 1890.

110

Ch. 10.

Short Titles Act, 1892.

55 Vicar.

7

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 33.

The Post Office Management Act, 1837.

1

Collective Title.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 36.

3&4:Vict. c. 96.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 49.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 85.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 88.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 66.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 65.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 43.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 110.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 73.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 79.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 30.

38 & 89 Vict. c. 22.

43 & 44 Vict. c. 33.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 19.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 20.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 2.-

45 & 46 Vict. c. 74.

The Post Office (Offences) Act, 1837.

The Post Office (Duties) Act, 1840 The Post Office (Duties) Act, 1844 The Post Office (Duties) Act, 1847 The Post Office (Money Orders) Act, 1848.

The Colonial Inland Post Office Act, 1849.

The Post Office (Duties) Act, 1860 The Post Office Lands Act, 1863 - The Telegraph Act, 1868 - The Telegraph Act, 1869 - The Post Office Act, 1870 - The Post Office (Duties) Act, 1871 The Post Office Act, 1875 - The Post Office (Money Orders) Act, 1880.

The Post Office Newspaper Act, 1881.

The Post Office (Land) Act, 1881 - The Post Office (Reply Post Cards) Act, 1882.

The Post Office (Parcels) Act, 1882.

The Post Office 1837 to 1891.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 58.

47 & 48 Vict. c. 76.

The Post Office (Money Orders) Act, 1883.

The Post Office (Protection) Act, 1884.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 58. 52 & 53 Vict. c. 34.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 46.

The Telegraph Act, 1885 - The Telegraph (Isle of Man) Act, 1889

The Post Office Act, 1891 -

Acts,

3&4 t Vict. c. 96.

00 Vict. c. 49.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 85.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 65.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 79.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 30.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 22.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 2.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 46.

The Post Office (Duties) Act, 1840

The Post Office (Duties) Act, 1844

The Post Office (Duties) Act, 1847

The Post Office (Duties) Act, 1860

The Post Office Act, 1870 -

The Post Office (Duties) Act, 1871

The Post Office Act, 1875 -

The Post Office (Reply Post Cards) Act, 1882.

The Post Office Act, 1891 -

The Post Office (Duties) Acts, 1840 to 1891.

1892.

Short Titles Act, 1892. Ch. 10.

Ill

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Collective Title.

7 Will. 4. and 1 Vici. c. 33. The Post Office (Management) Act, 1937.

7 Will. 4. and 1 Vict. c. 36. The Post Office (Offences) Act, 1837.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 66. 26 & 27 Vict. c. 43. The Colonial Inland Post Office Act, 1849. The Post Office Lands Act, 1863 - The Post Office (Man- agement) Acts, 1837 to 1884.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 20. The Post Office (Land) Act, 1881 -

47 & 48 Vict. c. 76. The Post Office (Protection) Act, 1884.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 88. 43 & 44 Vict. c. 33. 46 & 47 Vict. c. 58. The Post Office (Money Orders) Act, 1848. The Post Office (Money Orders) Act, 1880. The Post Office (Money Orders) Act, 1883. The Post Office (Money Orders) Acts, 1848 to 1883. ✓

7 Will. 4. and 1 Vict. c. 36. 47 & 48 Vict. c. 76. The Post Office (Offences) Act, 1837. The Post Office (Protection) Act, 1884. The Post Office (Of- fences) Acts, 1837 and 1884.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 14. 26 & 27 Vict. c. 14. 37 & 38 Vict. c. 73. 43 & 44 Vict. c. 36. 50 & 51 Vict. c. 40. 54 & 55 Vict. c. 21. The Post Office Savings Bank Act, 1861. And the enactments applied by that Act which are for the time being in force. The Post Office Savings Bank Act, 1863. The Post Office Savings Bank Act, 1874. The Savings Banks Act, 1880, so far as it relates to Post Office Savings Banks. Parts I. and HE. of the Savings Banks Act, 1887. So much of the Savings Banks Act, 1891, as relates to the Post Office Savings Bank, The Post Office Savings Bank Acts, 1861 I to 1891. d

112

Ch. 10.

Short Tides Act, 1892.

55 Vice.

Session and Chapter.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 126.

29 & 80 Vict. c. 100.

31 & 32 Vict 32 Vict. c. 21.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 21.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 63.

47 & 48 Vict 48 Vict. c. 51.

49 & 50 Vict. c. 9.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 55.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 25.

42 & 48 Vict. c. 31.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 23.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 37.

47 & 48 Vict. c. 12.

47 & 48 Vict. c. 74.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 35. 48 & 49 Vict. c. 53. 48 & 49 Vict. c. 72.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 52.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 64.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 17. 53 & 54 Vict. c. 59.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 70. 29 & 30 Vict. c. 114.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 71.

47 & 48 Vict 48 Vict. c. 37. 50 & 51 Vict 51 Vict. c. 22.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 9.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 68.

[Short Title.]

The Prison Act, 1865 The Prison Act, 1866 The Prison Officers Compensation Act, 1868.

The Prison Act, 1877 The Prison (Officers Superannuation) Act, 1878.

The Prison Act, 1884 The Prison (Officers Superannuation) Act, 1886.

The Public Health Act, 1875

The Public Health (Water) Act, 1878.

The Public Health (Interments) Act, 1879.

The Public Health (Fruit Pickers' Lodgings) Act, 1882.

The Public Health Act, 1875 (Support of Sewers), Amendment Act, 1883.

The Public Health (Confirmation of Byelaws) Act, 1884.

The Public Health (Officers) Act, 1884.

The Public Health (Ships, &c.) Act, 1885.

The Public Health (Members and Officers) Act, 1885.

Sections seven to ten of the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1885.

The Public Health (Buildings in Streets) Act, 1888.

The Public Health Act, 1889

The Public Health (Rating of Orchards) Act, 1890.

The Public Health Acts Amendment Act, 1890.

The Public Libraries Act, 1855 -

The Public Libraries Amendment Act (England and Scotland) 1866. The Public Libraries Acts, 1855, Amendment Act, 1871.

The Public Libraries Act, 1884 The Public Libraries Acts Amendment Act, 1887.

The Public Libraries Acts Amendment Act, 1889.

The Public Libraries Acts Amendment Act, 1890.

Collective Title.

The Prison Acts, 1865 to 1886.

v The Public Health Acts.

The Public Libraries y (England) Acts, 1855 to 1890.

1892.

Short Titles Act, 1892. Ch. 10.

113

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Collective Title.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 40. 40 A41 Vict. c. 15. 40 & 41 Vict 41 Vict. c. 54. 47 & 48 Vict. c. 37. The Public Libraries (Ireland) Act, 1855. The Public Libraries (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1877. The Public Libraries Amendment Act, 1877. The Public Libraries Act, 1884 y The Public Libraries (Ireland) Acts, 1855 to 1884.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 101. 10 & 11 Vict. c. 11. 11 & 12 Vict. c. 119. 13 & 14 Vict. c. 31. 19 & 20 Vict. c. 9.- The Public Money Drainage Act, 1846. The Public Money Drainage Act, 1847. The Public Money Drainage Act, 1848. The Public Money Drainage Act, 1850. The Public Money Drainage Act, 1856. The Public Money >. Drainage Acts, 1846 to 1856.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 118. The Public Schools Act, 1868

32 & 33 Vict. c. 58. The Public Schools Act, 1869

34 & 35 Vict. c. 60. 36 & 37 Vict. c. 41. 36 & 37 Vict. c. 62. The Public Schools Act, 1871 The Public Schools (Shrewsbury and Harrow Schools Property) Act, 1873. The Public Schools (Eton College Property) Act, 1873. The Public Schools Acts, 1868 to 1873.

36 & 87 Vict. c. 48. 37 & 38 Vict. c. 40. 51 & 52 Vict. c. 25. The Regulation of Railways Act, 1873. The Board of Trade Arbitrations Act, 1874. Part II. The Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888. -> The Railway and Canal > Traffic Acts, 1873 to 1888.

H

Ill

Ch. 10. Short Titles Act, 1892. 55 Vict.

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Collective Title.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 97. -5 & 6 Vict. c. 55. -7 & 8 Vict c. 85. -31 & 32 Vict c. 119.

The Railway Regulation Act, 1840 - The Railway Regulation Act, 1842 - The Railway Regulation Act, 1844 The Regulation of Railways Act, 1868.

34 A85 Vict c. 78. 36 & 37 Vict. c. 76.

52 & 53 Vict c. 57.

The Regulation of Railways Act, 1871.

The Railway Regulation Act (Returns of Signal Arrangements, Working, &c.), 1878.

The Regulation of Railways Act, 1889.

The Railway Regulation Acts, 1840 to 1889.

9 Geo. 4. c. 89.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 95. -25 & 26 Vict. c. 97. 27 & 28 Vict. c. 118. 31 & 32 Vict. c. 123.

The Salmon Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1828.

The Salmon Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1844.

The Salmon Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1862.

The Salmon Fisheries (Scotland) Act 1864.

The Salmon Fisheries (Scotland)

Act 1868.

The Salmon Fisheries > (Scotland) Acts, 1828 to 1868.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 109.

The Salmon Fishery Act, 1861

26 & 27 Vict. c. 10. The Salmon Acts Amendment Act 1863.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 121. The Salmon Fishery Act 1865

33 & 34 Vict c. 33.

35 & 37 Vict. c. 71. 39 & 40 Vict. c. 19.

39 & 40 Vict c. 34.

40 & 41 Vict c. 65.

41 & 42 Vict c. 39.

42 & 43 Vict c. 26.

47 & 48 Vict c. 11. 49 & 50 Vict c. 2. -49 & 50 Vict. c. 39.

The Salmon Acts Amendment Act, 1870.

The Salmon Fishery Act, 1873

The Salmon Fishery Act, 1876

The Elver Fishing Act 1876

The Fisheries (Dynamite).Act, 1877

The Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1878

The Salmon Fishery Law Amendment Act 1879.

The Freshwater Fisheries Act 1884

The Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1886

The Salmon and Fresh-> water Fisheries Acts, 1861 to 1886.

The Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1886.]

1892.

Short Titles Act, 1892. Ch. ia U6

[Short Title.]

Session tnd Chapter. Collective Title.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 79. - The Sea Fisheries Act, 1843 v

31 & 32 Vict. c. 45. The Sea Fisheries Act, 1868

32 & 33 Vict c. 31. The Oyster and Mussel Fisheries Orders Confirmation (No. 2) Act, 1869.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 15. The Sea Fisheries Act, 1875

40 & 41 Vict. c. 42. The Fisheries (Oyster, Crab, and Lobster) Act, 1877. The Sea Fisheries Acts, 1843 to 1891.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 22. The Sea Fisheries Act, 1883

47 & 48 Vict. c. 27. The Sea Fisheries Act, 1884 .

48 & 49 Vict c. 70. The Sea Fisheries (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1885.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 18. The North Sea Fisheries Act, 1888

54 & 55 Vict. c. 37. The Fisheries Act, 1891 (Part II.)

4 & 5 Vict. c. 38. - The School Sites Act, 1841 s

7 & 8 Vict. c. 37. - The School Sites Act, 1844

12 & 13 Vict. c. 49. The School Sites Act, 1849 ^The School Sites Acts.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 24. The School Sites Act, 1851

15 & 16 Vict. c. 49. The School Sites Act, 1852 >

45 & 46 Vict. c. 38. The Settled Land Act, 1882

47 & 48 Vict. c. 18. 'The Settled Land Act, 1884

50 & 51 Vict. c. 30. The Settled Land Acts (Amendment) Act, 1887. The Settled Land Acts, 1882 to 1890.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 36. The Settled Land Act, 1889

53 & 54 Vict. c. 69. The Settled Land Act, 1890 >

116

Ch. 10.

Short Title'fi Act, 1892.

55 Vice.

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Collective Title.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 112. 29 & 30 Vict. c. 3.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 110.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 73.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 88. 41 & 42 Vict 42 Vict. c. 76. 48 & 49 Vict. c. 58. 52 & 53 Vict. c. 34.

6 A 7 Will. 4. c. 71.

7 Will. 4. A 1 Vict. c. 69.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 64.

2A3 Vict. c. 62. -3 & 4 Vict. c. 15. -5 & 6 Vict. c. 54.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 73.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 104. 23 & 24 Vict. c. 93. 31 & 32 Vict. c. 89. 36 & 37 Vict. c. 42. 41 & 42 Vict. c. 42.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 32.

49 & 50 Vict. c. 54. 54 & 55 Vict. c. 8.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 89. 52 & 53 Vict. c. 14.

The Telegraph Act, 1863 -

The Telegraph Act Amendment Act, 1866.

The Telegraph Act, 1868 -

The Telegraph Act, 1869 -

The Telegraph Act, 1870 -

The Telegraph Act, 187« -

The Telegraph Act, 1885 -

The Telegraph (Isle of Man) Act, 1889.

The Tithe Act, 1836 The Tithe Act, 1837 The Tithe Act, 1838 The Tithe Act, 1839 The Tithe Act, 1840 The Tithe Act, 1842 The Tithe Act, 1846 The Tithe Act, 1847 The Tithe Act, 1860

The Inclosure, &c. Expenses Act, 1868.

The Tithe Commutation Acts Amendment Act, 1873.

The Tithe Act, 1878

The Tithe Rentcharge Redemption Act, 1885.

The Extraordinary Tithe Redemption Act, 1886.

The Tithe Act, 1891

The Town Police Clauses Act, 1847.

The Town Police Clauses Act, 1889.

The Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1889.

tThe Tithe Acts, 1836 to 1891.

The Town Police Clauses Acts, 1847 and 1889.

1892.

Short Titles Act, 1892. Ch. 10.

117

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Collective Title.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 152.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 102.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 114.

The Tramways (Ireland) Act, 1860.

The Tramways (Ireland) Amend* ment Act, 1861.

The Tramways (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1871.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 65.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 17.

The Tramways (Ireland) Amendment (Dublin) Act, 1876.

The Tramways (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1881.

The Tramways (Ireland) Acts, 1860 to 1891.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 43.

The Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 66.

The Light Railways (Ireland) Act, 1889.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 42.

The Tramways (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1891.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 28. 32 & 33 Vict. c. 26. 53 & 54 Vict. c. 19.

The Trustee Appointment Act, 1850.

The Trustee Appointment Act, 1869.

The Trustee Appointment Act, 1890.

The Trustee Appoint-> ment Acts, 1850 to 1890.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 87. 50 & 51 Vict. c. 40.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 47. 54 & 55 Vict. c. 21.

The Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1863.

So much of the Savings Banks Act, 1887, as relates to Trustee Savings Banks.

The Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1887.

The Savings Banks Act, 1891

1

j The Trustee Savings Banks Acts, 1863 to 1891.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 44. 23 & 24 Vict. c. 59. 43 & 44 Vict. c. 46.

The Universities and College Estates Act, 1858.

The Universities and College Estates Act Extension Act, 1860.

The Universities and College Estates Amendment Act, 1880.

}The Universities and College Estates Acts, 1858 to 1880.

a

lid

Ch. 10, 11.

Short Titles, 1892.

55 VICT.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Collective Title.

58 Geo. 3. c. 69. - The Vestries Act, 1818

59 Geo. 3. c. 85. - The Vestries Act, 1819

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 60. 7 Will. 4. and 1 Vict. c. 45. 13 & 14 Vict c, 57. The Vestries Act, 1831 The Parish Notices Act, 1837 The Vestries Act, 1850 - The Vestries Acts, 1818 to 1853.

16 & 17 Vict c. 65. The Vestries Act, 1853

41 & 42 Vict. c. 49. 52 & 53 Vict. c. 21. The Weights and Measures Act, 1878. The Weights and Measures Act, 1889. 1 I The Weights and Measures Acts, 1878 [and 1889.

CHAPTER 11.

An Act to amend the Mortmain and Charitable Uses Act, 1888.

[20th June 1892.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Extension of 51 & 52 Vict. c. 42. & 6.

Definitions.

1. Section six of the Mortmain and Charitable Uses Act, 1888, except so much of subsection (2) thereof as provides that an assurance by deed, made otherwise than in good faith for full and valuable consideration, must be executed not less than twelve months before the death of the assuror, shall apply to any assurance by deed of land to any local authority for any purpose or purposes for which such authority is empowered by any Act of Parliament to acquire land.

2. For the pui'pose of this Act " local authority" means any county council, council of a municipal borough, sanitary authority, or any body having power to make a rate for public purposes or by the issue of any precept, certificate, or other document to require payment from some authority or officer of money which may render necessary the making of any such rate; and " assurance "

1892. Mortmain and Charitable Uses Act Ch. 11, 12. 119

Amevidment Act, 1892.

has the same meaning as in the Mortmain and Charitable Uses Act, 1888.

3. This Act shall not apply to Scotland or Ireland. Extent <rf Act

[Short title.]

4. This Act may be cited as the Mortmain and Charitable Uses

Act Amendment Act, 1892.

CHAPTER 12.

An Act to amend the Law in regard to Roads and Bridges in Scotland.

[20th June 1892.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L Where by a flood, fire, or other sudden calamity a bridge is Provision in destroyed or so seriously injured that it requires to be rebuilt, a ^buMing resolution to rebuild such bridge may, notwithstanding the terms bridge8 of section fifty-eight of the Roads and Bridges (Scotland) Act, 1878, ^e8^°7d b7 be lawfully approved at any meeting of a county council called for JiV-ta Vict. the purpose by special advertisement, and by special circular to c. si. every member of the council, stating the object of the meeting.

2. In the recited Act and in this Act rebuilding a bridge shall include the erection and removal of a temporary or service bridge, fog temporary

hndffp

3. So much of subsection (2) (c) of section sixteen of the Local Assessments Government (Scotland) Act, 1889, as provides that the cost of for cost of constructing or rebuilding bridges shall be provided for in the same blV1(^? or manner as the cost of maintenance of existing bridges, is hereby [ridges.118 repealed, and in lieu thereof it is enacted as follows:

Any assessment leviable under section fifty-eight of the Roads and Bridges (Scotland) Act, 1878, for the construction or rebuilding of a bridge may be imposed and levied as the county council may determine, either on the county (subject to the provisions as to insular districts contained in the said section) or on the district or districts within which such bridge is situate or partly situated, or partly on the county and partly on such district or districts, and such assessment shall be paid one half by the proprietor and the other half by the tenant or occupier of the lands and heritages on which the same shall be imposed: Provided that nothing in the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889, or in this Act, shall prejudice the power of borrowing for the purposes of such construction or rebuilding conferred by section fifty-eight of the Roads and Bridges (Scotland) Act, 1878, but any assessment in respect of such borrowing may be imposed and shall be payable as in this section before mentioned.

4. Where the road board of a county shall, with the approval of Agreement* the county council, enter into an agreement with the county council tio/of newC

fort*.

120

Ch. 12, 13. Roach and Bridges (Scotland) - 55 & 56 VICT.

ment Act, 1892.

Preservation of lands from injury.

Short title and construction.

Extent of Act.

Short title and extent.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 41.

45 & 46 Vict. C. 39.

Costs of waiver, and forfeiture in case of

or road board of an adjoining county for the construction of any new road or bridge under section fifty-eight of the Reads and Bridges (Scotland) Act, 1878, and the portion of the new road or bridge situate in the latter county shall be made and maintained for the benefit of the former county, it shall be competent to impose and levy the assessment for defraying the expense of the construction and maintenance of the portion of the new road or bridge situate in the latter county upon and from the persons liable to be assessed for the construction and maintenance of new roads or bridges in the former county, in the same manner and with the same powers of recovery as if the whole of the new road or bridge had been situate in the former county.

5. Notwithstanding anything contained in section eighty of the Act first and second William the Fourth, chapter forty-three, as incorporated in the Roads and Bridges (Scotland) Act, 1878, the exemption from the general right of searching for, digging, and carrying away materials, as made in the said section eighty, shall be extended to such land or grounds as it may appear to the Secretary for Scotland, on the application of the proprietor thereof, desirable to preserve intact, on the ground of national or public interest or historical association.

0. This Act may be cited as the Roads and Bridges (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1892; and shall be construed as one with the Roads and Bridges (Scotland) Act, 1878, and the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889.

7. This Act shall extend to Scotland only.

CHAPTER 13.

An Act to amend the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act, 1881.

[20th June 1892.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

1. — (1.) This Act may be cited as the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act, 1892, and the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act, 1881, and the Conveyancing Act, 1882, and this Act shall be read together and may be cited together as the Conveyancing Acts, 1881, 1882, and 1892.

(2.) This Act does not extend to Scotland.

Leases, Under-leases, Forfeiture.

2. — (1.) A lessor shall be entitled to recover as a debt due to him from a lessee, and in addition to damages (if any) all reason-

1892.

Conveyancing and Law of Property Act, 1892. Ch. 13.

121

able coats and expenses properly incurred by the lessor in the bankruptcy or employment of a solicitor and surveyor or valuer, or otherwise, in execution-reference to any breach giving rise to a right of re-entry or forfeiture which, at the request of the lessee, is waived by the lessor by writing under his hand, or from which the lessee is relieved, under the provisions of the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act,

1881, or of this Act.

(2.) Sub-section six of section fourteen of the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act, 1881, is to apply to a condition for forfeiture on bankruptcy of the lessee, or on taking in execution of the lessee's interest only after the expiration of one year from the date of the bankruptcy, or taking in execution, and provided the lessee's interest be not sold within such one year, but in case the lessee's interest be sold within such one year, sub-section six shall cease to be applicable thereto.

(3.) Sub-section two of this section is not to apply to any lease of —

(a.) Agricultural or pastoral land:

(6.) Mines or minerals:

(c.) A house used or intended to be used as a public-house or beershop:

(d.)A house let as a dwelling-house, with the use of any furniture, books, works of art, or other chattels not being in the nature of fixtures:

(i e.) Any property with respect to which the personal qualifications of the tenant are of importance for the preservation of the value or character of the property, or on the ground of neighbourhood to the lessor, or to any person holding under him.

3. In all leases containing a covenant, condition, or agree- No fine to be ment against assigning, underletting, or parting with the possession, exacted for or disposing of the land or property leased without licence or con- to sent, such covenant, condition, or agreement shall, unless the lease contains an expressed provision to the contrary, be deemed to be subject to a proviso to the effect that no fine or sum of money in the nature of a fine shall be payable for or in respect of such licence or consent; but this proviso shall not preclude the right to require the payment of a reasonable sum in respect of any legal or other expense incurred in relation to such licence or consent.

4. Where a lessor is proceeding by action or otherwise to enforce Power of court a right of re-entry or forfeiture under any covenant, proviso, or stipulation in a lease, the court may, on application by any person on forfeiture claiming as under-lessee any estate or interest in the property com- of superior prised in the lease or any part thereof either in the lessor's action lea9es *

(if any) or in any action brought by such person for that purpose, make an order vesting for the whole term of the lease or any less term the property comprised in the lease or any part thereof in any person entitled as under-lessee to any estate or interest in such property upon such conditions, as to execution of any deed or other document, payment of rent, costs, expenses, damages, compensation,

A

122

Cfl. 13, 14. Conveyancing and Law of Property 55 & 56 Vict.

Act, 1892.

Extension of definitions of " lease/ *

" under-lease/' and " under-lessee."

giving security, or otherwise, as the court in the circumstances of each case shall think fit, but in no case shall any such under-lessee be entitled to require a lease to be granted to him for any longer term than he had under his original sub-lease.

5. In section fourteen of the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act, 1881, as amended by this Act, and in this Act, " lease " shall also include an agreement for a lease where the lessee has become entitled to have his lease granted, and " under-lease " shall also include an agreement for an under-lease where the under-lessee has become entitled to have his under-lease granted, and in this Act " under-lessee " shall include any person deriving title under or from an under-lessee.

Trustees.

Trustee may be appointed for separate parts of property though no new trustee be appointed of other parts.

6. A separate set of trustees or a separate trustee may be appointed under the fifth section of the Conveyancing Act, 1882, oi a part only of the trust property, notwithstanding that no new trustees or trustee are to be appointed of other parts of the trust property, and any existing trustee may be* appointed or remain one of such separate set of trustees; and every appointment already made of a separate set of trustees shall be valid notwithstanding that there was no retiring trustee of other parts of the trust property, and that no new trustees were appointed of such other parts thereof.

CHAPTER 14.

An Act to amend the Indian Councils Act, 1861.

[20th June 1892.]

Provisions for increase of number of members of Indian councils for making laws and regulations.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 67.

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same as follows:

1. — (1.) The number of additional members of Council nominated by the Governor General under the provisions of section ten of the Indian Councils Act, 1861, shall be such as to him may seem from time to time expedient, but shall not be less than ten nor more than sixteen; and the number of additional members of Council nominated by the governors of the presidencies of Fort St. George and Bombay respectively under the provisions of section twenty-nine of the Indian Councils Act, 1861, shall (besides the advocate general of the presidency or officer acting in that capacity) be such as to the said governors respectively may seem from time to time expedient, but shall not be less than eight nor more than twenty.

(2.) It shall be lawful for the Governor General in Council by proclamation from time to time to increase the number of

1892.

Indian Councils Act, 1892. Ch. 14.

123

councillors whom the lieutenant governors of the Bengal Division of the presidency of Fort William and of the North-Western Provinces and Oudh respectively may nominate for their assistance in making laws and regulations:Provided always, that not more than twenty sht*ll be nominated for the Bengal Division, and not more than fifteen for the North-Western Provinces and Oudh.

(3.) Any person resident in India may be nominated an additional member of Council under sections ten and twenty-nine of the Indian Councils Act, 1861, and this Act, or a member of the Council of the lieutenant governor of any province to which the provisions of the Indian Councils Act, 1861, touching the making of laws and regulations, have been or are hereafter extended or made applicable.

(4.) The Governor General in Council may from time to time, with the approval of the Secretary of State in Council, make regulations as to the conditions under which such nominations, or any of them, shall be made by the Governor General, Governors, and Lieutenant Governors respectively, and prescribe the manner in which such regulations shall be carried into effect.

2. Notwithstanding any provision in the Indian Councils Act, Modification 1861, the Governor Genenrt of India in Council may from time of of

to time make rules authorising at any meeting of the Governor 67 M toict* General's Council for the purpose of making laws and regulations business at the discussion of the annual financial statement of the Governor ieg»ktive General in Council and the asking of questions, but under such meetings* conditions and restrictions as to subject or otherwise as shall be in the said rules prescribed or declared: And notwithstanding any provisions in the Indian Councils Act, 1861, the Governors in Council of Fort St. George and Bombay respectively, and the lieutenant governor of any province to which the provisions of the Indian Councils Act, 1861, touching the making of laws and regulations, have been or are hereafter extended or made applicable, may from time to time make rules for authorising at any meeting of their respective councils for the purpose of making laws and regulations the discussion of the annual financial statement of their respective local governments, and the asking of questions, but under such conditions and restrictions, as to subject or otherwise, as shall in the said rules applicable to such councils respectively be prescribed or declared. But no member at any such meeting of any council shall have power to submit or propose any resolution, or to divide the council in respect of any such financial discussion, or the answer to any question asked under the authority of this Act, or the rules made under this Act: Provided that any rule made under this Act by a governor in council, or by a lieutenant governor, shall be submitted for and shall be subject to the sanction of the Governor General in Council, and any rule made under this Act by the Governor General in Council shall be submitted for and shall be subject to the sanction of the Secretary of State in Council: Provided also that rules made under this Act shall not be subject to alteration or amendment at meetings for the purpose of making laws and regulations.

124

Ch. 14.

Indian Councils, 1892.

55 & 56 Vict.

Meaning of 24 & 25 Vict. c. 67. s. 22;

8 & 4 Will. 4. c. 85.; and 16 & 17 Vict. c. 95.

Repeal.

Power to fill up vacancy in number of additional members.

Powers of Indian provincial legislatures.

3. It is hereby declared that in the twenty-second section of the Indian Councils Act, 1861, it was and is intended that the words "Indian territories now under the dominion of Her Majesty " should be read and construed as if the words "or hereafter " were and had at the time of the passing of the said Act been inserted next after the word "now "; and further, that the Acts third and fourth William the Fourth, chapter eighty-five, and sixteenth and seventeenth Victoria, chapter ninety-five, respectively, shall be read and construed as if at the date of the enactment thereof respectively it was intended and had been enacted that the said Acts respectively should extend to and include the territories acquired after the dates thereof respectively by the East India Company, and should not be confined to the territories at the dates of the said enactments respectively in the possession and under the government of the said company.

4. Sections thirteen and thirty-two of the Indian Councils Act, 1861, are hereby repealed, and it is enacted that —

(1.) If any additional member of Council, or any member of the council of a lieutenant governor, appointed under the said Act or this Act, shall be absent from India or unable to attend to the duties of his office fot a period of two consecutive months, it shall be lawful for the Governor General, the governor, or the lieutenant governor, to whose council such additional member or member may have been nominated (as the case may be) to declare, by a notification published in the Government Gazette, that the seat in Council of such person has become vacant:

(2.) In the event of a vacancy occurring by the absence from India, inability to attend to duty, death, acceptance of office, or resignation duly accepted, of any such additional member or member of the council of a lieutenant governor, it shall be lawful for the Governor General, for the governor, or for the lieutenant governor, as the case may be, to nominate any per-sorf as additional member or member, as the case may be, in his place; and every member so nominated shall be summoned to all meetings held for the purpose of making laws and regulations for the term of two years from the date of such nomination:Provided always that it shall not be lawful by such nomination, or by any other nomination made under this Act, to diminish the proportion of non-official members directed by the Indian Councils Act, 1861, to be nominated.

5. The local legislature of auy province in India may from time to time, by Acts passed under and subject to the provisions of the Indian Councils Act, 1861, and with the previous sanction of the Governor General, but not otherwise, repeal or amend as to that province any law or regulation made either before or after the passing of this Act by any authority in India other than that local legislature:Provided that an Act or a provision of an Act made by a local legislature, and subsequently assented to by the Governor General in pursuance of the Indian Councils Act, 1861, shall not

Indian Councils Act, 1892.

125

1892.

Ch. 14, 15.

be deemed invalid by reason only of its requiring the previous sanction of the Governor General under this section.

6. In this Act —

Definitions.

The expression "local legislature" means —

(1.) The Governor in Council for the purpose of making laws and regulations of the respective provinces of Fort St.

George and Bombay; and (2.) The council for the purpose of making laws and regulations of the lieutenant governor of any province to which the provisions of the Indian Councils Act, 1861, touching the making of laws or regulations have been or are hereafter extended or made applicable:

The expression "province" means any presidency, division, province, or territory over which the powers of any local legislature for the time being extend.

7. Nothing in this Act shall detract from or diminish the powers

of the Governor General in Council at meetings for the purpose of Governor making laws and regulations. General in

Council.

8. This Act may be cited as the Indian Councils Act, 1892 short title, and the Indian Councils Act, 1861, and this Act may be cited together as the Indian Councils Acts, 1861 and 1892.

CHAPTER 15.

An Act to authorise the Councils of Counties and County Boroughs to contribute to the Expense T 1 »

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) The council of any county or county borough may, if Pow"for they think fit, pay or contribute towards the expenses of any or inquiry conducted by the Charity Commissioners into any charities county borough winch are by the trusts governing their administration expressly to contnbut« appropriated in whole or in part for the benefit of their county or of charit^* county borough, or of any part thereof. inquiries.

(2.) The payment or contribution may be made out of the county fund, or in the case of a county borough out of the borough fund or borough rate.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Charity Inquiries (Expenses)

certain Charities

Act, 1892.

126

Ch. 16. Customs and Inland Revenue Ad, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Import duty on tea.

Repeal of 51 & 59 Vict c. 14.

Import doty on sparkling wine. 49 & 50 Vict. c. 41.

Grant of duties of income tax.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 84.

CHAPTER 16.

An Act to grant and alter certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue.

[20th June 1892.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray Your Majesty's public expenses, and making an addition to the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several duties herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Customs.

1. The duty of Customs now payable on tea shall continue to be levied and paid, on and after the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and ninety-two until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three, on the importation thereof into Great Britain and Ireland (that is to say): —

Tea, the pound - Fourpence.

2. — (1.) The Customs (Wine Duty) Act, 1888, is hereby repealed.

(2.) In addition to the duties of Customs now payable on wine

under the Customs Amendment Act, 1886, there shall, on and after the twelfth day of April one thousand eight hundred and ninety-two, be levied and paid on sparkling wine imported in bottle into Great Britain and Ireland the duty following (that is to say): —

Sparkling wine imported in bottle, the gallon - Two shillings.

Inland Revenue.

3. — (1.) There shall be charged, collected, and paid for the year which commenced on the sixth day of April one thousand eight hundred and ninety-two, in respect of all property, profits, and gains mentioned or described as chargeable in the Income Tax Act, 1853, the following duties of income tax (that is to say): —

For every twenty shillings of the annual value or amount of property, profits, and gains chargeable under Schedules (A.), (C.), (D.), or (E.) of the said Act the duty of sixpence.

And for every twenty shillings of the annual value of the occupation of lands, tenements, hereditaments, and heritages chargeable under Schedule (B.) of the said Act-In England the duty of threepence.

In Scotland and Ireland respectively, the duty of twopence farthing.

(2.) All such provisions contained in any Act relating to income tax as were in force on the fifth day of April one thousand eight

1892.

Customs amdInland Revenue Act, 1892. Ch. 16, 17.

127

hundred and ninety-two (except section three of the Customs and 54 & 55 Vict. Inland Revenue Act, 1891), shall have full force and effect with c*85, respect to the duties of income tax hereby granted so far as the same are consistent with this Act

4. — (1.) The sum charged as the annual value of any property elsewhere than in the metropolis as defined by the Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869, in the assessment of income tax thereon for the year which commenced on the sixth day of April one thousand eight hundred and ninety-one, shall be taken as the annual value of such property for the assessment and charge thereon of the duties of income tax hereby granted under Schedules (A) and (B.).

(2.) The sum charged as the annual value of every inhabited house elsewhere than in the said metropolis made thereon for the year which commenced as respects England on the sixth day of April one thousand eight hundred and ninety-one, and as respects Scotland on the twenty-fifth day of May one thousand eight hundred and ninety-one, shall be taken as the annual value of the inhabited house for the assessment and charge thereon of the duties on inhabited houses as respects England for the year which commenced on the sixth day of April one thousand eight hundred and ninety-two, and as respects Scotland for the year commencing on the twenty-fifth day of May one thousand eight hundred and ninety-two.

(3.) The inspectors or surveyors of taxes shall be the assessors of the said duties of income tax under Schedules (A) and (B.) and of the said duties on inhabited houses.

[Short Title.]

[Short title.]

5. This Act may be cited as the Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1892.

Assessment of income tax under Schedules (A.) and (B.) and of the inhabited house duties for the year 1892-93. 32 & 83 Vict. c. 67.

CHAPTER 17.

An Act to simplify the Forms of Extracts of Decrees in the Sheriff Courts of Scotland.

[20th June 1892.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to shorten and simplify the forms of extracts of decrees in the Sheriff Courts of Scotland:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Extracts short title and Act, 1892, and shall come into operation on the first day of October commence-one thousand eight hundred and ninety-two. ment *

2. This Act shall not apply to proceedings in the sheriffs small Saving clause-debt court, or debts recovery court, or to summary ejections under

128

Interpretation.

Extracts may be in the abbreviated forms of schedule.

Forms not specially provided for may be modelled on schedule.

Fall extracts may be obtained.

Import of the warrant for execution.

Ch. 17. Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Extracts &> 56 Vict.

Act, 1892.

the Act first and second Victoria, chapter one hundred and nineteen, sections eight to thirteen, or to commissary or executory proceedings, or proceedings for service of heirs or completing titles, or to proceedings under the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Acts, 1864 and 1881.

3. In this Act the following terms shall include the several meanings after mentioned:

" Decree " shall include any judgment, deliverance, interlocutor, act, order, finding, or authority which may be extracted.

" Sheriff-clerk " shall include sheriff-clerk-depute.

4. Extracts of decrees in the Sheriff Courts of Scotland in civil actions or proceedings may be in the abbreviated forms in the schedule hereto annexed, or as near thereto as the circumstances permit, and the said schedule with the directions therein contained shall be held to form part of this Act; and extracts in such abbreviated forms shall be as valid and sufficient as if in the forms now in use. It shall not be necessary for extracts that the decree shall contain the word "decerns."

5. In any case not particularly provided for in said schedule, the extract may be modelled on the forms of the schedule, with such variations as the nature of the case or form of the action or proceeding may necessarily require, or the existing form may be used.

6. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Act, any party interested may demand from the sheriff-clerk a full or more extended extract of a decree when the same shall have become extractable.

7. The following provisions shall apply to the short warrant for execution added to said extracts:

(1.) If the decree extracted is for the payment of money, or, amongst other things, for the payment of money, it shall be lawful, in virtue of said warrant, to charge the debtor to pay the sum or sums of money, principal, interest, and expenses specified in the extract, to the creditor within the appropriate days of charge, under the pain of poinding (and also under the pain of imprisonment where the debt is of such a nature as the payment thereof may be enforced by imprisonment), the terms of payment being first come and bygone; as also to arrest the goods, debts, and sums of money of the debtor in payment or satisfaction of the sum or sums contained in the extract; and if the debtor fail to obey the charge, then to poind and distrain his goods and effects in payment or satisfaction of the sum or sums contained in the extract; and if necessary for effecting said poinding, to open shut and lockfast places.

(2.) If the decree extracted is for the performance of an act or implement of an obligation other than the payment of money, it shall be lawful, in virtue of said warrant, to charge the person against whom the decree is granted to perform the act or implement the obligation within the appropriate days of charge, under the pain of imprisonment.

1892. Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Extracts Ch. 17. 129

Act, 1892.

(3.) If the decree extracted is for the payment of money, and also for the performance of an act or implement of an obligation, it shall be lawful, in virtue of said warrant, to do what is provided for in the two immediately preceding sub-sections.

(4.) If the decree extracted is one of removing, it shall be lawful, in virtue of said warrant, to charge the defender to flit and remove himself, his sub-tenants, dependents, and effects from the subjects or premises mentioned in the extract, at the term or date therein specified, if the charge be given forty-eight hours prior thereto, or within forty-eight hours after the charge if given later, under the pain of ejection; and, if he fail to obey the charge, then to eject and remove the defender, his sub-tenants, dependents, and effects from the subjects or premises, and keep them furth thereof, and enter the pursuer or others in his name therein (an inventory of the effects ejected being made by the person executing the diligence) and, if needful for these purposes, to make gates, doors, and other lockfast places open and

(5.) If the decree extracted

ment of money, or for the performance of an act or implement of an obligation, it shall be lawful, in virtue of said warrant, to do what is provided for in sub-sections (4), (1), or (2) of this section.

(6.) In any case where the party to be charged is furth of Scotland, it shall be lawful, in virtue of said warrant, to give an edictal charge of fourteen days.

8. Execution on said extracts shall be carried out by messengers- Executors, at-arms, officers of court, or others entitled to execute diligence thereon.

9. Where interest is included in a decree or extract, it shall be Interest to be deemed to be at the rate of five per centum per annum, unless ^JI^tat five otherwise stated.

patent.

is for a removing. and also for nav-

10. The provisions of this Act shall apply to all extracts issued after its commencement, although the decrees extracted may have pronounced been pronounced prior thereto. prior thereto.

IL No extract shall be held invalid on account of form if it be to

sound in substance. account of

form *

12. All statutes and acts of sederunt, so far as they may be Repeal, inconsistent with any of the provisions of this Act, are hereby repealed.

13. It shall be lawful for the Court of Session to pass from time Acts of to time any act or acts of sederunt which may be found necessary for giving more full effect to the purposes of this Act. pas

I

130

Ch. 17.

Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Extracts Act 1892.

55 & 56 Vict.

SCHEDULE.

1. — Extract Decree for Payment.

At Glasgow, the tenth day of June (and fourteenth day of July) 1889, in an action in the sheriff court of the county of Lanark, at Glasgow, at the instance of John Smith, merchant, Gallowgate, Glasgow, pursuer, against John Brown, 19, Newton Street, Glasgow, , the sheriff

(in absence) decerned the defender to pay to the pursuer one hundred pounds, with interest thereon from 1st January 1689, and five pounds ten shillings of expenses, (a.) And the sheriff grants warrant for all lawful execution hereon by instant arrestment, and also by poinding after a charge of [If an edictal charge is necessary, insert seven free days if the defender is within Scotland, and fourteen free days if furth thereof] seven free days. Extracted at Glasgow, this fifteenth day of August 1892, by me, sheriff-clerk of Lanarkshire.

GEO. SELLAR,

Sheriff-Clerk.

Notes. — Where two or more counties are united in one sheriffdom, the

court may be described thus: — " The Sheriff Court of the Sheriffdom of Stirling, Dumbarton, and Clackmannan, at Stirling."

Where decree for expenses is given in favour of an it may

be expressed thus in the extract: — " And to pay to writer, Glasgow, the pursuer's agent, five pounds ten shillings of expenses."

Where there are more actions than one in the same court between the same persons the action may be identified in the extract by giving the date of the first deliverance therein.

2. — Extract Decree of Affiliation and Aliment.

(Preamble as in No. 1.) Decerned the defender to pay to the pursuer the sums after-mentioned in respect he was the father of an illegitimate male (or female) child of which the pursuer was delivered at, on the day of 189, viz., for inlying charges,

and per annum for years as aliment for said child,

payable said aliment quarterly in advance, and beginning as from said date of birth, (or, as the case may be,) with interest thereon from the respective dates of payment, and of expenses. (Continue from (a) in

No. 1.)

3. — Extract Decree for Payment of Aliment.

(Preamble as in No. 1.) Decerned the defender to pay to the pursuer aliment at the rate of per, (for the period of

), payable monthly, (or, as the case may be,) in advance, and commencing as on the day of, 189, with interest

thereon, from the respective dates of payment, and of expenses.

(Continue from (a) in No. 1.)

1892.

Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Extracts Act, 1892. Ch. 17.

131

4. — Extract Decree Causa,

(Preamble as in No. 1.) The sheriff found that the sum of witfi interest thereon from the day of, 189, was a

debt due by the deceased to the pursuer. Extracted, &c. (as in

No. 1).

5. — Extract Decree of Maills and Duties.

At the day of 189, iu an action of

maills and duties in the sheriff court of the county of at,

at the instance of pursuer, against principal

and the tenants named and designed in the schedule hereto subjoined, defenders, the sheriff decerned the said tenants of (here describe shortly the subjects mentioned in- the bond) to pay to the pursuer the rents, maills, and duties specified in said schedule of the several possessions of said subjects occupied by them respectively, with the interest thereon from the dates when they became or shall become due respectively (together with such sums as may from time to time become due by them respectively) — at least of so much thereof as will pay the pursue? the principal sum of pounds sterling, contained in a bond and disposition in security over said subjects granted by (here describe the bond), together with the interest on said principal sum from the day of 189;

and also decerned the principal debtor to pay to the pursuer of expenses. (Continue from (a) in No. 1.)

Sheriff-Clerk.

Schedule before referred to.

Names and Designations of Tenants. Rents due by them I respectively. When Rents payable.

John Brown, 14 Smith Street, Glasgow (and so on). o o o o iO >o Martinmas, 1892. Whitsunday, 1893.

A.B.,

Sheriff-Clerk.

6. — Extract Decree of Poinding the Ground.

(Preamble as in No. 1.) Decerned and granted warrant to poiod the readiest goods and effects of the defender, within or upon (shortly describe the property), in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of the principal sum of, contained in a bond and disposition in security over said subjects, granted by (shortly describe the bond), with the interest on said principal sum from the day of 189, (or in satisfaction, in

whole or in part of, being the feu-duty (or ground annual),

payable to the pursuer in respect of said subjects at the term of (or as the case may be) [if there are tenants add, but so far as regards the said tenants only to the extent of the rents due by them respectively]; and decerned the defender to pay to the pursuer of expenses.

(Continue from (a) in No. 1.)

12

Ch. 17. Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Extracts 55 & 56

Act, 1892.

7. — Extract Decree of Multiplepoinding.

At, the day of, and day

of 189, in an action of multiplepoinding in the sheriff court of the county of at, at the instance of pursuer

and nominal (or real) raiser against common, and

and claimants, defenders (the said E.F. being the

real raiser), the fund (or subject) in medio in which action consisted of (here describe shortly the fund or subject in medio, and in whose hands or custody it was), the sheriff found the pursuer only liable in single payment (or delivery) of the fund (or subject) in, less (or on payment of) his expenses, which were fixed at and said fund having been

consigned in court, less said expenses (or and on delivery of the subject in medio) exonerated him thereof; and (found the real raiser entitled to his expenses, which were fixed at)(and) found the claimant

A.B. primo loco entitled to, and the claimant C.D. secundo

loco entitled to (or as the case may be), and authorised the clerk of court to pay the fund consigned accordingly (or decerned the pursuer to pay the fund) (or deliver the subject) in medio accordingly (or otherwise as the case may be). (Continue from (a) in No. 1.)

8. — Extract Decree of Forthcoming.

At the day of 189, in an action of forthcoming in the sheriff court of the county of at

, at the instance of pursuer, against debtor

and arrestee, defenders, the sheriff decerned the arrestee to pay to the pursuer (state sum) in satisfaction (or part satisfaction) of the sums contained in a decree of the sheriff or shire of date the

day of 189, at the pursuer's instance against the debtor (or as the case may be) for the sum of (Continue from (a) in No. 1.)

9. — Extract Warrant of Summary Ejection.

(Preamble as in No. 1.) Granted warrant summarily to eject the -defender, his sub-tenants, dependents, and effects from (here describe shortly the subjects). Extracted, &c. (as in No. 1).

10. — Extract Decree of* Removal.

(Preamble as in No. 1.) Decerned the defender to flit and lemove himself, his sub-tenants, dependents, and effects from (here shortly describe the subjects) at the term of (or on the day of

, 189 ), (or at the term of as regards the

and at the term of as regards the ). (a) And the

sheriff grants warrant for all lawful execution hereon by ejection at the term or period (or respective terms) of removal if a charge of forty-eight hours be given prior thereto, or forty-eight hours after a charge thereafter [if expenses add, and by instant arrestment and also by poinding after a charge of seven free days]. Extracted, &c. (as in No. 1).

1892.

Sheriff Courts (ScotExtracts

Act, 1892.

CH. 17.

133

11. — Extract Decree of Removal for nonpayment of Feu-Duty or Rent under a long Lease, under Section 32 of 16 & 17 Vict. c. 80.

At the day of 189, in an action of removal for nonpayment of feu-duty (or rent) brought in the sheriff court of the county of at, under section 32 of the Act

16 & 17 Vict. c. 80., at the instance of pursuer, against

defender, the sheriff found that the feu-duty of pounds payable

yearly to the pursuer as immediate lawful superior of the subjects after-mentioned under a feu charter (or other deed) dated granted

by the pursuer (or by a predecessor of the pursuer) in favour of

the defender (or a predecessor of the defender) (or the

rent payable to the pursuer under a long lease, &c., describing it), had remained unpaid for two whole and consecutive years; and therefore decerned the defender to flit and remove himself, his sub-tenants, dependents, and effects from said subjects, viz. (here describe the and that at the term of . (Continue from (a) in No. 10.)

12. — Extract Decree for Performance.

(Preamble as in No 1.) Decerned the defender (here set forth shortly the particular act which the defender is to perform), and to pay to the pursuer of expenses. And the sheriff grants warrant

for all lawful execution hereon by instant arrestment, and also by poinding and imprisonment so far as competent after a charge of seven free days. Extracted, Ac, (as in No. 1).

13. — Extract Decree of Interdict.

(Preamble as in No. 1.) The sheriff interdicted the defender from (state the terms of the interdict); and decerned the defender to pay to the pursuer

At

day of

against

in which craves the court to grant decree for pounds (or as

the case may be, giving the principal conclusion), the sheriff assoilzied the defender from the conclusions of the action, and decerned the pursuer to pay to the defender of expenses. (Continue from (a) in No. 1.)

15. — Extract Decree of Dismissal.

(Follow the immediately preceding form down to (a).) The sheriff dismissed said action. (If expenses are decerned for, follow the immediately preceding example.) (Continue from (a) No. 1.)

16. — Extract Appointment of a Judicial Factor.

At the day of 189, in a petition in the

sheriff court of the county of at, at the instance

of pursuer, the sheriff having found that the estate of the

of expensed. (Continue from (a) in No. 1.)

14. — Extract Decree of Absolvitor.

the day of and

189, in an action in the sheriff court of the county of at, at the instunce of pursuer,

defender, the first deliverance in which is dated the day of 189, (a), and the petition

134 Ch. 17. Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Extracts 55 & 56 Vici,

Act, 1892.

pupil (or insane person) after mentioned did not exceed one hundred pounds of annual value, appointed to be factor loco tntoris to

a pupil, son of the deceased (or to be curator

bonis to an insane person) with the usual powers, under the

Judicial Factors (Scotland) Act, 1880, and relative statutes and acts of sederunt, the said before extract finding caution according to law. Extracted at this day of

189, by me, sheriff-clerk of shire, caution having

been found to the effect above mentioned.

A.B.,

Sheriff-Clerk.

17. — Extract Discharge of a Judicial Factor.

At the day of 189, in the

proceedings in the sheriff court of the county of at,

following on the petition of (insert name and designation of the petitioner in the application for the appointment of the judicial factor) the sheriff discharged of* his whole actings and intromissions

as factor loco tutoris (or as curator bonis) to, and authorised

delivery of the bond of caution for him as factor (or curator) foresaid. Extracted, &c. (asin No. 1).

18. — Extract Act of Curatory, and upon Production of

Inventories.

At the day of and

day of 189, in an action of curatory, and for giving up

inventories in the sheriff court of the county of at,

at the instance of, child of the deceased,

against and two of the nearest in kin to the pursuer

on his father's side; and and' two of the nearest in kin to the pursuer on his mother's side, and all others pretending to have interest in the matter, defenders, the sheriff confirmed the choice by the minor of to be his curator during his minority; and said curator having taken the declaration required by law, and having lodged in triplicate (a) an inventory of the minor's means and estate, subscribed by the curator and by, whom the sheriff had delegated to concur

with the curator in the absence of the nearest in kin, the sheriff appointed said inventories to be subscribed by the clerk of court and one thereof to be delivered to the curator, and the other two to be sealed up by the curator and delegate, and retained by the clerk of court for the minor's nearest in kin on the father and mother's side respectively, and said inventories were dealt with accordingly. In consequence of all which this act is extracted, the curator having found caution in terms of law. Extracted, &c. in 1).

19. — Extract Act upon Production of Inventories by Curators nominate without Consent of Nearest in Kin.

At the day of 189, in an

action for giving up curatorial inventories in the sheriff court of the county of at, at the instance of

curator appointed to child of the deceased,

against persons nearest in kin to the minor on his father's

side, and persons nearest in kin to the minor on his mother's

side, and all others having or pretending to have interest in the matter, defenders, the said curator having lodged in triplicate. (Continue as in No. 18 from (a), leaving out the part about .)

1892.

Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Extracts Act, 3892.

Ch. 17.

20. — Extract Act upon Production of Inventories by Curators nominate with Consent of Nearest in Kin.

(May be modelled upon No, 19 with the necessary variations.)

21. — Extract ])ecree of Declarator.

(Preamble as in No. 1.) The sheriff found and declared (give substance of declarator). Extracted, &c. (as in No. 1).

22. — Extract Discharge to a Bankrupt.

At the day of 189, in the sheriff

court of the county of, at, in the process of

sequestration under the bankruptcy statutes of the estates of (give name and designation of the bankrupt), the sheriff '(a) discharged the said of all debts and obligations contracted by him or for which he was liable at the date of the sequestration (14th June 1885) (or as the case may be). (If it is a discharge on composition add):Declared the sequestration to be at an end, and the said reinvested in his estates, reserving

always the claims of the creditors for the composition against him and the cautioner; and appointed the bond of caution for the composition to be recorded in the said sheriff court books. Extracted, &c. in No. 1). (The extract will follow the deliverance as regards any limitations or qualifications.)

23. — Extract Discharge of a Trustee on a Sequestrated

Estate.

(Follow No. 22 down to (a), then proceed) Discharged of his

whole actings and intromissions as trustee on said sequestrated estates, and authorised delivery of the bond of caution for him as trustee foresaid. Extracted, &c. (as in No. 1).

24. — Extract Decree of Cessio.

At the day of 189, in an action

under the Cessio Acts, in the sheriff court of the county of at at the instance of, , against

debtor, defender (or at the instance of, , against

and others, his creditors, defenders) the sheriff decerned the said debtor to execute a disposition omnium in favour of

whom the sheriff appointed trustee for behoof of the creditors of the debtor.* And the sheriff grants warrant for all lawful execution hereon by imprisonment after a charge of seven free days. Extracted, &c. (as in No. 1).

* (Insert any finding about expenses.)

25. — Extract Discharge to a Debtor under Process of

Cessio.

At, the day of 189, in the

sheriff court of the county of, at, in the process

under the Cessio Acts following on the decree of cessio, pronounced on the day of 189, against (name and

designate the debtor), the sheriff discharged the said of all debts

and obligations contracted by him, or for which he was liable at the date of said decree of cessio. Extracted, &c. (as in No. 1).

<0h. 17, 18. Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Extracts & 56 VICT.

Act, 1892.

26. — Extract Warrant of Sale.

(Preamble as in No. 1.)

The sheriff granted warrant to (state import of warrant). Extracted

Ac. (as in No. 1).

.27. — Extract Deliverance under the Presumption of Life Limitation (Scotland) Acts.

At, the day of 189, in a petition in

the sheriff coart of the county of, at, under the

Presumption of Life Limitation (Scotland) Acts (specify Acts), at the instance of, petitioner, the sheriff found (state the findings and

matters authorised). Extracted, &c. (as in No. 1).

28. — Extract Deliverances under the Married Women's Property (Scotland) Act, 1881.

(Extracts under the above or similar statutes may be modelled on No. 27.)

General Directions.

Where the sheriff has adhered to the decree of the sheriff-substitute the date of the sheriff's decree only need be given.

In the extract the decree shall bear to have been given from the seat of the court.

Whether the decree has been given by the sheriff or sheriff-substitute^ the phrase to be used in the extract shall be " the sheriff."

Where an extract has more than one date, it shall not be necessary to specify what was done on each date.

It shall not be necessary to state by whom the extract has been written or collated.

It shall be sufficient that the import or substance of the decree is given in the appropriate form herein-before provided, although the cravings or conclusions of the action, or the decree itself, may be expressed in different or more redundant language.

The dues of extract shall be added to the expenses decerned for, and the total inserted in the extract.

The nature of the debt (such as that it is for aliment) shall be stated in the extract in all cases where payment of the debt can be enforced by imprisonment.

In any case where imprisonment is competent, a fiat or warrant of imprisonment must first be obtained in terms of the statutes.

CHAPTER 18.

An Act for authorising County and Borough Councils to purchase Franchises of Weights and Measures.

[20th June 1892.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1892.

Weights and Measures (Purchase)

Act, 1892. Ch. 18.

137

L — (1.) Where the council of a county or borough are the local Power for authority for the execution of the law relating to weights and Slough* measures, the council and the owner of any franchise of weights council to and measures may, with the approval of the Board of Trade, enter purchase fran-into and carry into effect any agreement for the sale to and ^eJh°g purchase by the council of all or any of the powers and authorities measures, of the franchise owner within the area under the council as such local authority, and on any such purchase being completed the powers and authorities purchased shall cease to be exercised.

(2.) For the purpose of any such purchase the Lands Clauses Acts shall be incorporated with this Act, except the provisions of those Acts with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement, and the franchise shall be deemed land within the meaning of those Acts.

(3.) A county council may borrow money for the purposes of this Act in accordance with the Local Government Act, 1888, and a 51 & 52 Vict. borough council may borrow money for the purposes of this Act in accordance with the Public Health Act, 1875.

(4.) The expenses incurred by a borough council under this Act shall be defrayed out of the borough fund or borough rate, and any money borrowed by such a council shall be borrowed on the security of the borough fund or borough rate.

(5.) For the purposes of this Act the expression "franchise of weights and measures " shall include the authority which any court-leet for any hundred or manor, or any jury or ward inquest, or the lord or lady of any manor, or any other person, may have for inspecting, examining, regulating, verifying, stamping, adjusting, seizing, breaking, or destroying any weights or measures, or weighing instrument or measuring instrument.

2. Where the council of a county have in pursuance of this Act acquired any franchise of weights and measures in respect of any area within a borough the council of which are not at the time of such acquisition the local authority for the execution of the law relating to weights and measures, the council of that borough shall not become such a local authority until they have recouped to the council of the county such proportion of the expenses of the county council in acquiring the franchise and in executing the law relating to weights and measures as may be agreed on between the respective councils, or may, in case of difference, be determined by the Board of Trade.

3. This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland. Extent of Act.

4. This Act may be cited as the Weights and Measures (Purchase) Short tit] and

Act, 1892, and shall be read as one with the Weights and Measures Vict.

Acts, 1878 and 1889. c. 49.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 21.

Provision as to certain boroughs.

c. 41.

38 & 89 Vict. c. 55.

138

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 VICT,

Enactments in

schedule

repealed.

CHAPTER 19.

An Act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing Enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary.

[20th June 1892.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that certain enactments which may be regarded as spent, or have ceased to be in force otherwise than by express specific repeal by parliament, or have, by lapse of time or otherwise, become unnecessary, should be expressly and specifically repealed:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The enactments described in the schedule to this Act are hereby repealed, subject to the provisions of this Act and subject to the exceptions and qualifications in the schedule mentioned; and every part of a title, preamble, or recital specified after the words "in part, namely/' in connexion with an Act mentioned in the said schedule may be omitted from any revised edition of the statutes published by authority after the passing of this Act, and there may be added in the said edition such brief statement of the Acts, officers, persons, and things mentioned in the title, preamble, or recital, as may in consequence of such onfission appear necessary:

Provided as follows:

The repeal of any words or expressions of enactment described in the said schedule shall not affect the binding force, operation, or construction of any statute, or of any part of a statute, whether as respects the past or the future;

and where any enactment not comprised in the said schedule has been repealed, confirmed, revived, or perpetuated by any enactment hereby repealed, such repeal, confirmation, revivor, or perpetuation shall not be affected by the repeal effected by this Act;

and the repeal by this Act of any enactment or schedule shall not affect any enactment in which such enactment or schedule has been applied, incorporated, or referred to;

nor shall such repeal of any enactment affect any right to any hereditary revenues of the Crown, or affect any charges thereupon or prevent any such enactment from being put in force for the collection of any such revenues, or otherwise in relation thereto;

and this Act shall not affect the validity, invalidity, effect, or consequences of anything already done or suffered, — or any existing status or capacity, — or any right, title, obligation, or liability already acquired, accrued, or incurred, or any remedy or proceeding in respect thereof, — or any release or discharge of or from any

1892.

Statute Law Revision, 1892. Ch. 19.

139

debt, penalty, obligation, liability, claim, or demand, — or any indemnity, — or the proof of any past act or thing;

nor shall this Act affect any principle or rule of law or equity, or established jurisdiction, form or course of pleading, practice, or procedure, or the general or public nature of any statute, or any existing usage, franchise, liberty, custom, privilege, restriction, exemption, office, appointment, payment, allowance, emolument, or benefit, or any prospective right, notwithstanding that the same respectively may have been in any manner affirmed, recognised, or derived by, in, or from any enactment hereby repealed;

nor shall this Act revive or restore any jurisdiction, office, duty, drawback, fee, payment, franchise, liberty, custom, liability, right, title, privilege, restriction, exemption, usage, practice, procedure, form of punishment, or other matter or thing not now existing or in force;

and this Act shall not extend to repeal any enactment so far as the same may be in force in any part of Her Majesty's dominions out of the United Kingdom, except where otherwise expressed in the said schedule.

2. If and so far as any enactment repealed by this Act applies or Application may have been by Order in Council applied to the court of the county palatine of Lancaster or to any inferior court of civil juris- in local diction, such enactment shall be construed as if it were contained in courts.

a local and personal Act specially relating to such court and shall have effect accordingly.

[Short title.]

3. This Act may be cited as the Statute Law Revision Act, 1892.

SCHEDULE.

This schedule is to be read as referring to the Revised Edition of the Statutes prepared under the direction of the Statute Law Committee in all cases of Statutes included in that edition; and as referring in the case of all Statutes not so included and passed before the reign of George the First, to the edition prepared under the direction of the Record Commission.

A description or citation of a portion of an Act includes the words mentioned or referred to as forming the beginning or as forming the end of the portion comprised in the description or citation.

Enactments which have been already repealed are, in a few instances, included in the schedule, in order to avoid the necessity of reference to previous Statutes.

Reign and Chapter.

25 Edw. 1. c. 17. - i Pleas of the Crown.

Title.

4 Will. & Mar. c. 4. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act

for takeing " and ends with the word "Westminster."

In part; namely, —

Sections one and two.

r

140

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

9 Will. 3. c. 44. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for raising " and ends with the words "East Indies/* Repealed as to all Her Majesty's dominions.

1 Geo. 1. stat. 2. c. 5. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for preventing'* and ends with the words "the Rioters." In part; namely, — Section four, the words "without benefit of clergy, '' where they first occur; and from " and shall suffer '* to the end of the section. Section nine, from " and ... all and every" to " of moveables."

11 Geo. 1. c. 26. An Act for more effectual disarming the Highlands in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for the better securing the Peace and Quiet of that Part of the Kingdom.

20 Geo. 2. c. 43. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for taking '* and ends with the words "more complete." In part; namely, — Section one, from "and all stewartries" to "dependant thereupon, " and from "from and after" to " forty-eight." Sections three to five. Section sixteen. Section eighteen. Section twenty. Section twenty-two. Section twenty-nine, from " be an advocate '* to " of March, " and from " with such continuance " to " of their continuance, " and from " and that it shall and may be lawful " to " are to be so held, " and the whole section so far as it relates to salaried sheriffs' substitutes. Section thirty.

21 Geo. 2. c. 19. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act ..... for abrogating" and ends with the words "therein mentioned." In part; namely, — Sections seven to nine. Section twelve.

22 Geo 2. c. 27. An Act the title of which begins with ^he words " An Act for the " and ends with the word "Wages." In part; namely, — The words "be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that " in sections two, four, and seven. Section five, the words "and it is hereby enacted." Section six, the words "and it is hereby further enacted."

1897.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892.

Ca. 19.

141

Reign and Chapter. Title.

28 Geo. 2« c* An Act concerning the offices of Sheriff Depute and Stewart Depute in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland. In part; namely, — The whole Act except the words "the offices of sheriff u depute and Stewart depute shall be granted and held ad vitam aut culpam* where they lust occur.

12 Geo. 3. c. 24 An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the better " and ends with the words "and Stores/* In part; namely, — Section one, from " and shall suffer, '* to the end of the section, so far as relates to Scotland.

13 Geo. 3. c. 63. An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe. In part; namely, — Section nine, from " and constantly where those words first occur to " united company " where those words next occur, and from " and the court of directors to the end of the section. Section ten, from " and shall not be removeable '* to " remaining and surviving.* Section twelve. Section sixteen. Sections eighteen and nineteen. Section thirty-three, to " seventy-four.* Section thirty-six. Section thirty-eight. Section forty-six. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's dominions.

17 Geo. 3. c. 56. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for amending " and ends with the words "Journeymen Dyers." In part; namely, — Section two, from " and be it to " aforesaid." Section three, from "for any time" where those words lastly occur, to the end of the section. Section four, from " be it " to " aforesaid, that, " the word "that" before "then such, " and from "for any time to the end of the section. The words " be it further enacted, that " in sections eleven, thirteen, fourteen, and twenty-five. The words "and be it further enacted" in sections twelve, twenty-two, and twenty-three. Section fourteen, from " all which said respective " to " adjudged guilty, " and from " and if no sufficient " to the end of the section. Section seventeen, from " to remain for any time " to the end of the section. Section twenty, from " to be holden " where those words lastly occur, to the end of the section. Section twenty-one. 1 Section twenty-two, from " and the justices before | whom " to the end of the section.

142

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

21 Geo. 3. c. 70. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to explain " and ends with the words "Supreme Court." In part; namely, — Sections nine to sixteen. Sections nineteen to the end. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

[Preamble.]

23 Geo. 3. c. 45. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for regulating " and ends with the words "in Scotland." In part; namely, — Sections one and two. Section three, to "authority aforesaid that," and the word "said " wherever it occurs.

26 Geo. 3. c. 57. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the further" and ends with the words "Britain or India." In part; namely, — Sections twenty-nine, thirty, and thirty-nine, as to all Her Majesty's Dominions. Section thirty-eight, from " and the like difficulties " to " Great Britain " where those words next occur; and from "and in like manner" to "Great Britain, " where those words last occur. So far as the said provisions extend to British India.

26 Geo. 3. c. 71. An Act for regulating Houses and other Places kept for the Purpose of slaughtering Horses. In part; namely, — Section five, from " to be raised " to the end of the section. Section ten, the words "nor less than ten pounds, " and from " for any time " to the end of the section. Section eleven. Section thirteen, the words "nor less than ten pounds," and from " there to remain " to the end of the section. Section fifteen, the words "nor less than ten pounds." Section sixteen.

20 Geo. 3. c. 46. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for preventing" and ends with the words "called Scotland." In part; namely, - - In sections one to four, the words "death" and " capital " wherever they occur.

33 Geo. 3. c. 52. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for continuing '* and ends with the words "and Bombay." In part; namely, — Section thirty-two, from "that when the office" to " Fort William; and " and the words "governor-general or." Section one hundred and fifty-seven. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's dominions.

1892. Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. Ch. 19. 143

Baign and Chapter. Title.

36 Geo. 3. c. 9. An Act to prevent Obstructions to the free Passage of Grain within the Kingdom. In part; namely, — Section two, from " in like manner " to the end of the section.

36 Geo. 3. c. 85. An Act for the better Regulation of Mills. In part; namely, — Section eight, from " and in case such " to paid and satisfied, " and from "upon giving security " to " judgment shall be affirmed, " and from " for the county " to " themselves shall seem meet." Section ten.

37 Geo. 3. c. 142. - An Act for the better Administration of Justice at Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay; and for preventing British subjects from being concerned in Loans to the Native Princes in India. In part; namely, — Preamble from "And whereas it may be expedient " to end of preamble. Section one. Section two, from "from and after" to "directed, that." Sections three to ten. Sections fifteen to twenty-six. Section thirty. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's dominions.

39 &40 Geo. 3. c. 79. An Act for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the British Territories in India, and the better Administration of Justice within the same. In jiart; namely, — Section four. Section five to " whatsoever; and, " and from " shall cease " to " but the some." Section six. Section eight, from "Provided always " to the end of the section. ! Sections ten and eleven. Section twelve, so far as relates to the Governor-General and the Council of Fort William. Sections seventeen to nineteen. Section twenty, to " eight hundred and one." Sections twenty-one to twenty-four. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

54 Geo. 3. c. 15. An Act for the more easy Recovery of Debts in His Majesty's i Colony of New South Wales. In part; namely, — The whole Act except section four. Section four to " and fourteen, " and the word "said " except where it lastly occurs. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions. i

144

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892.

55 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Tide.

1 Will. 4. c 22. An Act to enable Courts of Law to order the Examination of Witnesses upon Interrogatories and otherwise. In part; namely, — From " Be it therefore " to " same, that."

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 13. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to repeal" and ends with the words "Great Britain." In part; namely, — From " Be it therefore " to " same that." Section one, the word "that " wherever it occurs.

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 55. - An Act the title of which begins with the words u An Act to consolidate " and ends with the word "Ireland." In part; namely, — The Schedule Forms one and six so far as relates to malt or corn or grain making into malt.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 14. - An Act the title of which begins with the words u An Act to enable " and ends with the word "Banks." In part; namely, — Section twenty-five, the word "said" first occurring. Section twenty-nine, the words "ending on the twentieth day of November."

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 22. - An Act to amend the Law relating to Sewers. In part; namely, — Section eight, to a thereof: and." Section fifty-one, from of debt" to "suit, " and from " wherein no " to the end of the section.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 35. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to remedy " and ends with the word "Commissioners." In part; namely, — From *For remedy whereof " to of the same, that."

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 42. - 1 An Act for the further Amendment of Law, and the better Advancement of .Justice. In part; namely, — Section three from " that shall be sued " to " Parliament, " from " within ten years " to " session, or " where those words next occur, from " one year " to " session, or " where those words next occur, and from " within three years " to " session, or " where those words last occur. Section twelve. Section nineteen.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 63. - An Act the title of which begins with the words u An Act to render " and ends with the word "Corporations." In part; namely, — Section four.

1892.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. Ch. 19.

145

Reign and Chapter. Title.

3 <fe 4 Will. 4. c. 74. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the " and ends with the word "Assurance/' In part; namely, — To " authority of the same, that." Section thirteen, to " thirty-three " and from " in the meantime " to " such other person."

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 106. - An Act for the Amendment of the Law of Inheritance. In part; namely, — From " Be it enacted " to " same, that."

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 21. - An Act the title of which begins with the words ‘‘ An Act for amending " and ends with the words "and Straw." In part; namely, — From " Be it therefore " to " this Act."

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 22. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the word "Payments." In part; namely, — From " Be it therefore " to " of the same, that."

4 & 6 Will. 4. c. 61. - An Act for the more effectually providing for the erection of certain Bridges in Ireland. In part; namely, — From " Be it therefore enacted " to " same that." Section one, the words "after the commencement of this Act."

4 &5 Will 4. c. 67. - An Act for abolishing capital punishment in case of returning from transportation. In part; namely, — From " Be it therefore " to " same, that, " and from uand previously to " to the end.

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 92. - An Act for the abolition of Fines and Recoveries, and for the substitution of more Simple Modes of Assurance, in Ireland. In part; namely, — To " authority of the same, that." Section ten, to " thirty four, " and from u in the meantime " to " such other person."

<5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 27. - An Act to continue and amend certain Regulations for the Linen and Hempen Manufactures in Ireland. In part; namely, — Section two, the words "less than one penny nor " twice occurring. Section five, the words u less than five shillings nor." Sections six and seven, the words "less than two shillings and sixpence nor." Section eight, the words *« less than five shillings nor." Section twenty-one, the words "less than five shillings nor." Section twenty-three, the words "less than two shillings and sixpence nor." K

146 Ch. 19. Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 VICT.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 62. - The Statutory Declarations Act, 1835. In part; namely, — Section fifteen, the words "then depending or thereafter to be."

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 12. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for amending" and ends with the words "and Wales." In part; namely, — From " Be it therefore " to " same, that."

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 13. - An Act to consolidate the Laws relating to the Constabulary Force in Ireland. In part; namely, — Section twenty-five, the words "to one of the county " paymasters appointed under this Act and by him " paid over." Section thirty-six, the words "and of the paymasters in the several counties."

6&7 Will. 4. c. 29. - An Act for improving the Police in the District of Dublin Metropolis. In part; namely, — Section thirty-seven, to the words "provided always that." Sections thirty-nine and forty. Section forty-two, from "a verdict shall" to "or otherwise." Section forty-four, from " provided always " to end of section.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 37. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to repeal " and ends with the word "aforesaid." In part; namely, — Section twenty-seven, the words "or of any of the before-recited Acts."

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 42. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to grant " and ends with the words "the same." In part; namely, — From " Be it therefore " to " same, that." Section three, the words "or stewartry."

6&7 Will. 4. c. 64. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to explain " and ends with the word "Persons." In part; namely, — From " Be it therefore, " to " same, that."

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 69. - An Act to fix the Standard Qualities of Gold and Silver Plate in Scotland, and to provide for the assaying and marking thereof. In part; namely, — Section nineteen, the words "at the discretion of the court " and from " or for any teim " to the end of the section. Section twenty-three.

1892.

Statute Law Revision, 1892. Ch. 19.

147

Reign and Chapter. Title.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 74. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to abolish, " and ends with the words "duties thereof." In part; namely, — Section nineteen, the words "an attorney or " and " attorney or."

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 77. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for carrying" and ends with the word "Patronage." In part; namely, — From " Be it therefore " to " of the same, that." Section three, the words "United " and " and Ireland."

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 86. - The Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1836. In part; namely, — Section thirty-two, from "the first of such" to " to that time." Section thirty-three, from " the first of such " to " to that time." Section forty, the words "after the said first day of March." Section forty-six, the words "general or."

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 87. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for extinguishing " and ends with the word u Cambridge." In part; namely, — (Section three, to "Southwell, but" and the word "said " wherever it occurs. Section eight, from " and sessions " to " delivery." Section thirteen, the words "from and after the passing of this Act." Section fifteen, the words "after the passing of this Act."

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 96. - An Act to regulate Parochial Assessments. In part; namely, — Section seven, the words "general or" and "of the peace " respectively twice occurring.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 106.- An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to make " and ends with the word "Stannaries." In part; namely, — Section two, the words "present vice warden and every future." Section four, the words "the present and" Mid " future " respectively twice occurring. Section twenty-two, the words "or attorney."

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 116. - An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Presentment of Public Moneys by Grand Juries in Ireland. In part; namely, — Section thirty-one, to " this Act " where those words first occur. Section forty, from " already appointed " to " force, or, " and the word "hereafter." Section one hundred and ten, the words "from and after the passing of this Act." K 2

148

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision , 1892.

55 & 56 Vict,

Reign and Chapter. Title.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. C. 2. An Act to amend an Act passed in the seventh year of his present Majesty for consolidating and amending the Laws relating to the Presentment of Public Money by Grand Juries in Ireland. In part; namely, — Section seventeen.

7 Will. 4 & 1 Vict. c. 25. An Act to make more effectual Provisions relating to the Police in the District of Dublin Metropolis. In part; namely, — Section four, to "this Act" where those words secondly occur. Section twenty-six.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict c. 41. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the more " and ends with the words "in Scotland." In part; namely, — Section thirteen, the words "and imprisonment" occurring thrice, and " or imprisonment." Section twenty-nine. Section thirty-six, the words "and prosecutions." Schedule (A), No. 7, the words "and imprisonment." Schedule (D), the words, " and imprisonment."

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 54. An Act to provide more effectual Means to make Treasurers of Counties and Cities in Ireland account for Public Moneys, and to secure the same. In part; namely, — Section four, the words "where the sum shall exceed ten pounds, " and from " or for the purpose " to the end of the section.

7 Will. 4 & 1 Vict. c. 84. An Act to abolish the Punishment of Death in Cases of Forgery. In part; namely. — From " Be it therefore " to " of the same that." Section one, the words "at the discretion of the court, " and from "or for any term" to the end of the section. Section three, from " to sentence " to " correction, and, " and from '* for any portion " to the end of the section.

7 Will. 4 & 1 Vict. c. 88. An Act to amend certain Acts relating to the Crime of Piracy. In part; namely, — Section three, the words "at the discretion of the court, " and from " or for any " to the end of the section. Section five, from " to sentence " to " correction, and, " and from " for any portion " to the end of the section.

1892.

Statute Law Revision, 1892. Ch. 19.

149

Reign and Chapter. Title.

7 Will. 4. &l Vict. c. 91. An Act for abolishing the Punishment of Death in certain Cases. In part; namely, — From " Be it therefore " to " of the same that." Section one, the words "at the discretion of the court, " and from " or for any " to the end of the section. Section two, from " to direct such " to " correction, and, " and from " for any portion " to the end of the section.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 2. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the Support " and ends with the word "Ireland." In part; namely, — Preamble, from " And we do" to "same, that." Section seven, to " therefore enacted, that."

1 & 2 Vict. c. 28. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to repeal " and ends with the words "called Ireland." In part; namely, — Title, from " to repeal " to " Ireland and " and the word "other." Section four, to " of this Act" Section seven, from " or in default " to " fit to order." Sections sixteen to twenty. Section twenty-two. Section twenty-five, from " and in case" to end of section.

1 & 2 Vict c. 51. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Levy of Grand Jury Cess in the County of the City of Dublin. In part; namely, — Section nine.

1 & 2_ Vict. c. 53. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament for providing more effectual means to make Treasurers of Counties and Counties of Cities in Ireland account for Public Monies, and to secure the same. In part; namely, — Section one, to " said Act; and."

1 & 2 Vict c. 56. An Act for the more effectual Belief of the destitute Poor in Ireland. In part; namely, — Section four. Section six, from "and to the clerk" to end of section. Section seven, the words "and the clerks to the justices aforesaid respectively, " and " or clerk to the justices." Section eight, from "any such" to "mentioned or; " and the words "disallowance or" wherever they occur.

150

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 56. — cont. Section twenty-seven, from "and every commissioner " to end of section. Section thirty-two, the word auditors." Sections thirty-seven to thirty-nine. Section forty-six. Section seventy-three, the word "such " before " collector " where it first occurs, and from " but if such collector" to "allowance, " and the word "other" where it next occurs.

Section eighty-nine, from "or to make" to end of section. Section ninety, from " provided always that where " to end of section. Section ninety-three, the words "with full costs of suit " and " of debt or on the case." Section one hundred and six, the words "in the presence of the assistant barrister." Section one hundred and thirteen, from "and if a verdict " to the end of the section. Section one hundred and fifteen, the words "London or."

1 & 2 Vict. c. 70. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to extend " and ends with the word "Entail." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same, that." Section two, the words "or stewartry."

1 & 2 Vict. c. 86. An Act to diminish the Delay and Expense in Advocations and Suspensions in the Court of Session in Scotland. In part; namely, — Title, the words "Advocations and." Section four, the words "to call and thereafter, " from " in the weekly " to " letters of suspension, " and from " and in case " to " interlocutory judgments." Section five, the words "to call and thereafter, " and from "before the judge" to "other lord ordinary." Section six, *th'e words " advocations and, " " advocation or" thrice occurring, and from "and in case" to "interlocutory judgments."

1 & 2 Vict. c. 106. - The Pluralities Act, 1838. In part; namely, — Section seventy-seven, from "and it shall be lawful" to "same diocese." Section eighty-four. Section eighty-five, from " have been since " to " shall hereafter."

1892.

Statute Law Revision, 1892. Ch. 19.

151

Beifn and Chapter. Title.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 109. - An Act to abolish Compositions for Tithes in Ireland, and to substitute Rentcharges in lieu thereof. In part; namely, — Section seven, from "and that such rentcharges, " where those words secondly occur, to "entire payment, " and the word succeeding " and the word "such " before " year." Section sixteen, the words "feigned issue or" and " to any master of the Court."

1 & 2 Vict. c. 116. - An Act to facilitate Advances out of County Monies for the support of County Gaols and Institutions in Ireland. In part; namely, — Title, the words "Gaols and." Section one, the words "gaol or other" and "gaol or." Section two.

1 & 2 Vict c. 118. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to make certain Alterations " and ends with the words "payable in those Courts." In part; namely, — Section one, from " Provided always that " to the end of the section. Sections two and three. Section five, to " discharged by, " and from " perform all " to "shall also." Sections six to eight. Section nine, to " hereby abolished, and." Section ten. Section twelve, from " and shall receive " to " annum each, " from " in jury causes " to " department; and, " and from " on the death " to " record clerks, or." Section thirteen. Section fourteen, to " in that office " and the word "said " occurring next thereafter. Sections fifteen and sixteen. Section eighteen, to " during pleasure." Section nineteen, from "and the salary" where those words first occur to " per annum, " where those words secondly occur, and the word "aforesaid " where it first occurs. Section twenty, from " established by " to " and the same." Section twenty-one, the words "to be appointed by him, " and from " and his said " to " salaries shall be." Sections twenty-two, twenty-three, and twenty-five. Section twenty-six, from " and the salary " to " by this Act, " and from " with an allowance " to " per annum." Section twenty - eight, from " along with the " to " council and session, " and from " into the fee fund of the court of session " to the end of the section.

152

Cff. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892.

55 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. | Title.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 118. — cont. Section thirty-four. Schedule, from " to be paid into" to Bills and Auditor, " the words "or advocation " wherever they occur, and the words "to maritime or consistorial causes nor."

1 & 2 Vict, c. 119. - An Act to regulate the Constitution, Jurisdiction and Forms of Process of Sheriff Courts in Scotland. In part; namely, — Section two, from " and after such appointment " to " sittings thereof, " the words "excepting as aforesaid, " " or shall not attend the Court of Session as before provided, " and " or of such non-attendance." Section fourteen, from " or being " to end of section. Section seventeen. Section thirty.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 1. An Act to amend an Act of the First and Second Year of Her present Majesty for the more effectual Belief of the destitute Poor in Ireland. In part; namely, — Section seven. Section eight. Section nine, to " assistant barrister; and." Schedule.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 36. An Act to regulate the Duties to be performed by the Judges in the Supreme Courts of Scotland. In part; namely, — Section seven. Section nine, from "in the said jury " to the end of the section.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 51. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to regulate " and ends with the word "Ordnance." In part; namely, — Section nine, from " and shall and may " to the end of the section.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 85. An Act for the Regulation of Chimney Sweepers and Chimneys. In part; namely, —

Section ten. Section eleven, from "which shall be holden" to " enforcing such judgment." Section twelve, from " and no warrant " to the end of the section. Repealed except as to Ireland.

1892.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. Ch. 19.

153

Reign and Chapter. Title.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 91. An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Frauds and Abuses committed by Weavers, Sewers, and other Persons employed in the -Linen, Hempen, Union, Cotton, Silk, and Woollen Manufactures in Ireland, and for the better Payment of their Wages ..... In part; namely, — Section thirty-two, from "shall belaid" to "committed and " where those words next occur; and from "nor if" to "avowant" where that word first occurs, and the words "or avowant."

3 & 4 Vict. c. 97. An Act for regulating Railways. In part; namely, — Section thirteen, from " for such period " to the end of the section. Section sixteen, from " for any term '* to the end of the section.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 105. An Act for extending the Remedies of Creditors against the Property of Debtors; and for the further Amendment of the Law and the better Advancement of Justice in Ireland. In part; namely — Section thirteen, from " or any such " to " Ireland "; from " and against " to " Act ''; and the words "assignee or"; and "or prisoner." Section twenty-one. Section twenty-two, from " or in cases of judgments " to " this Act " where those words thereafter secondly occur. Section twenty-three, from "or the Court" where those words first occur to "Judge thereof"; the words "or the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer" twice occurring; and "or Judge " twice occurring; " or the Court of Exchequer respectively "; and the words "the governor and company of" and " save by the presenting of such petition as aforesaid." Section twenty-four, to "cause only and"; the words "the governor and company of, " " made absolute or, " and "or made absolute"; and from "and further " to end of section.

V Section twenty-five. Section twenty-seven, the words "and of the Court of Exchequer at the equity side thereof "; " and Exchequer at the equity side thereof "; and from " and the date " to end of section. Section twenty-eight, the words "or of the Court of Exchequer " and " and Lord Chief Baron." Section twenty-nine. Sections thirty-seven to forty-one. Sections forty-three and forty-four. Sections forty-eight to fifty.

154

Ch. 19.

Statute. Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 105. — cant. Sections fifty-five and fifty-six. Sections fifty-eight and fifty-nine. Section sixty-five. Sections sixty-eight to seventy. Sections seventy-two to seventy-five.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 108. - An Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in Ireland. In part; namely — Section six, from " if such borough be one " where those words first occur to " mentioned from " and if such borough be one " to end of section. Section seven. Section eight, to " borough; and " where those words first occur, and from " and in any borough named " to " Ireland as aforesaid." Section thirteen. Section eighty-nine, the words "with full costs of suit, " " of debt or on the case, " " upon demurrer or otherwise." Section one hundred and twenty, from "commissioners for paving " to " City of Dublin or the." Section one hundred and twenty-four, from " on the first " to "operation in such borough." Section one hundred and thirty-nine, the words "or to the Court of Exchequer"; and "and for the Court Exchequer." Section one hundred and fifty, to "Waterford and "; the word "Drogheda "; from " before the twenty-ninth " to " respectively and, " and the word "succeeding." Section one hundred and sixty-two, from " to be removable " to the end of the section. Section one hundred and sixty-three, the words "of the peace " where they first and secondly occur, the words "or continue to be, " from " except that " to " directed as aforesaid, " and the word "also." Section one hundred and sixty-four, from " and if the recorder " to " behaviour." Section one hundred and sixty-six, from " provided always " to the end of the section. Section one hundred and sixty-eight, the words "continued or " and the words "of the peace " wherever they occur. Section one hundred and seventy-three, to " January." Section one hundred and seventy-six. Sections one hundred and seventy-nine and one hundred and eighty. Section one hundred and eighty-one, from " or ^lse " to " goods of the defendant " where these words next occur; from " and thereupon such officer " to " mayor of such borough."

1892.

Statute Law Revision, 1892. Ch. 19.

155

Reign and Chapter. Tide.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 108. — cont. Section one hundred and ninety-eight, from " and . where any person" to end of section. Section one hundred and ninety-nine, to " shall seem meet; . and." Sections two hundred and two hundred and one. Section two hundred and two, the words "of the peace " where first occurring. Section two hundred and four, from "or if a sufficient " to end of section. Section two hundred and fifteen, from "and in all cases where an oath " to end of section. Schedule C., No. 3, from " To be divided " to end of No. 3; No. 5, from "To be divided" to end of No. 5; No. 8, from " To be divided " to end of No. 8; No. 10, to " first described, " where those words first occur, the words "according to the following boundaries, " and the rest of No. 10, except the words "No. 1, Northern Ward, " " No. 2, Eastern Ward, " " No. 3, Western Ward."

4 & 5 Vict. c. 30. - An Act to authorize and facilitate the Completion of a Survey of Great Britain, Berwick-upon-Tweed, and the Isle of Man. In part; namely, — Section seven, from " and not less than " to the end of the section. Section eight, from " and not less than " to the end of the section. Section eleven, from "and not less than " to the end of the section. Section thirteen, from " to them for that " to " paid and satisfied."

5 Vict. c. 5. - An Act to make further provisions for the administration of justice. In part; namely, — Section five.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 24. An Act for improving the Dublin Police. In part; namely, — Section one, the words "first and second." Section forty-five. Section forty-seven, to " always that." Section seventy-four, from " and in case " to end of section. Section seventy-five, the word "suit" wherever it occurs; the words "twenty days "; and from " and if the plaintiff " to end of section.

156

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 28. - An Act to assimilate the Law in Ireland as to the Punishment of Death to the Law in England; to abolish the Punishment of Death in certain Cases in Ireland, and to substitute other Punishments in lieu thereof. In part; namely, — Preamble, from "and should suffer" to "clergy, " and from " Be it " to " of the same that." Section one, from " shall not suffer, " to " same, but, " and from " provided always " to the end of the section. Section two. Section five, to " therefore, enacted that, " from " shall not suffer " to " same, but, " and from " or to be " to the end of the section. The words " at the discretion of the Court " in sections five to seven. Section six, to " therefore enacted that, " from " shall not suffer" to "same, but, " and from " or for any " to the end of the section. Section seven, to "therefore enacted, that, " from " shall not suffer " to " same, but, " and from " or to be " to the end of the section. Section eight, to "therefore enacted, that, " from " shall not suffer " to " same but, " the words "or for the term of seven or fourteen years, " from " with or without " to " three years." Section twelve, to " benefit of clergy, " the words "in the Parliament of the United Kingdom " " heretofore sentenced or ordered or" "or ordered, " from " or who should " to " conditions, " from "and should suffer " to " passed or made, " the word "therefore, " from " so much of" to " repealed: and that, " and from " and previously " to the end of the section. Section sixteen, from " or for any term " to the end of the section. Sections twenty and twenty-one.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 46. An Act to amend an Act of the Third and Fourth Years of Her present Majesty for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in Ireland. In part; namely, — Section three, to " provided always that " and the word "such " where it next occurs. Section four, the words "assigned or hereafter." Section five, to " Act and."

5 & 6 Vict. c. 51. An Act for providing for the further Security and Protection of Her Majesty's Person. In part; namely, — Section two, from "with or without" to "years."

1892.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. Ch. 19.

157

Reign and Chapter. Tide.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 74. An Act to amend an Act of the Second and Third Tears of His late Majesty " to amend the Representation of the People of Ireland " in respect of the Right of voting in the University of Dublin. In part; namely, — Sections four and five.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 75. / An Act to remove Doubts touching the Law relating to Charitable Pawn or Deposit Offices in Ireland. In part; namely, — Section one, from " provided that such institution " to " Act and."

5 & 6 Vict. c. 89. An Act to promote the Drainage of Lands and Improvement of Navigation and Water Power in connexion with such Drainage in Ireland. In part; namely, — The words " or Exchequer " in sections thirty-six, thirty-eight, seventy-six, seventy-seven, eighty, eighty-one, one hundred and eleven, and one hundred and fifty-five. Section one hundred and three, from " or for the Commissioners" to "like purposes, " the word "respectively " twice occurring, and the words "either of" twice occurring. Section one hundred and twenty-six, from " provided also that if any " to " happened." Section one hundred and thirty-two, from ato be levied " to " shall be had, " and from " and for want of " to end of section. Section one hundred and thirty-four, from "to be levied" to "justices." Sections one hundred and thirty-seven and one hundred and thirty-eight. Section one hundred and forty-one, from "and in case " to end of section. Section one hundred and fifty-two, from "which penalty " to " sooner paid." Section one hundred and fifty-six.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 95. An Act for consolidating the Four Courts Marshalsea, Dublin, Sheriffs Prison, Dublin, and City Marshalsea, Dublin, and for regulating the Four Courts Marshalsea in Ireland.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 105. An Act to amend an Act of the First and Second Tears of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, to empower Landed Proprietors in Ireland to sink, embank, and remove Obstructions in Rivers.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 106. An Act to regulate the Irish Fisheries. In part; namely, — Section one, from " an Act passed " where those words first occur to "such fisheries or, " and the words "from and after the passing of this Act, " and " after the passing of this Act" where last occurring.

158

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 106. — cont. Sections fifteen and sixteen. Sections twenty-nine and thirty. Section thirty-four, from " Provided always " to end of section. Section thirty-six, from " now fixed " to " Ireland or, " and the words "will become fixed by this Act or." Section thirty-seven, from " so fixed " to " under this Act or.* Section thirty-eight, from "so fixed" to "by this Act or." Section forty, from "and any person occupying" to the end of tke section. Sections forty-one to fifty-three. Section sixty-six, from " as fixed by " to " Ireland or, " and the words "become fixed by this Act or." Section sixty-nine, from " or which " to " this Act." Section ninety-five, the words "or suit." Sections ninety-seven and ninety-eight. Section one hundred. Section one hundred and five. Section one hundred and seven. Section one hundred and ten, from " and it shall and may be lawful " to the end of the section. Section one hundred and fourteen.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 123. An Act for amending until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-five, and until the end of the then next Session of Parliament, the Iaw relating to Private Lunatic Asylums in Ireland. In part; namely, — Title, from " until the First" to " Parliament." Section forty-eight, the words "or suit " and " upon demurrer.

C & 7 Vict. c. 30. An Act to amend the Law relating to Pound-Breach and Rescue in certain Cases. In part; namely, — Section one, from "for any time" to "be sooner paid." Sections three and four.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 42. An Act to amend an Act of the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of King George the Third, for empowering Grand Juries in Ireland to present Bridges, and Tolls to be paid for passing the same, in certain Cases. In part; namely, — Title, from " to amend " to " Third."

6 & 7 Vict. c. 57. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to relieve " and ends with the word "Liabilities."

C

1892.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. Ch. 19.

159

Bdfn and Chapter. Title.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 68. An Act for regulating Theatres. In part; namely, — Section nineteen, from "by the path or oaths" to the end of the section.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 91. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws for the Regulation of Charitable Loan Societies in Ireland. In part; namely, — Sections fifty*six and fifty-seven. Section fifty-nine, from aand in case" to end of section. Section sixty-one, the word "suit" wherever it occurs, and the words "upon demurrer or otherwise." Schedule C.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 92. An Act for the further Amendment of an Act for the more effectual Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland. In part; namely, — Section eleven, the words "or the county of the city " and " or county of the city." Section twelve, to " provided always that." Section eighteen. Schedule.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 93. An Act to amend an Act of the Third and Fourth Years of Her present Majesty for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in Ireland. In part; namely, — Section twenty-four.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 96. An Act to amend the Law respecting Defamatory Words and Libel. In part; namely, — Section two, from " and every such defendant " to " advancement of justice."

7 & $ Vict. c. 24. An Act for abolishing the Offences of forestalling, regrating, and engrossing and for repealing certain Statutes passed in restraint of Trade.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 44. An Act to facilitate the disjoining or dividing of extensive or populous Parishes, and the erecting of new Parishes in that part of the United Kingdom called Scotland. In part; namely, — Section five the words "alternately " and " and to the heirs of such person or persons, " and from "shall be chosen" to "trustees first chosen" and from "and upon the death" to "of the parish " where those words last occur. Section seven. Section fifteen, frem " Provided always " to the end i of the section.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 47. t An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the word "Ireland." In part; namely, — I Section two.

160

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 65 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 106. - An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws for the Regulation of Grand Jury Presentments in the County of Dublin. In part; namely, — Section seven, to "office and, " and from "from amongst " to " certificate." Section twenty-three, the words "or dispensary, " wherever they occur, the words, " in case of a fever hospital, " " and in the case of a dispensary a sum not exceeding the amount, " from " if appointed " to " forty-five, " and the words "dispensary or " occurring twice. Section twenty-six. Sections thirty-one and thirty-two. Section thirty-six, from " save and except " to " the same." Sections thirty-seven to thirty-nine. Section one hundred and seven. Sections one hundred and seventeen to one hundred

7 & 8 Vict. c. 107. - 1 and twenty-one. Section one hundred and twenty-nine, the words "subinspector of the constabulary or, " and from " provided always " to end of section. Sections one hundred and thirty-seven to one hundred and forty-six. Section one hundred and fifty-one, from " shall and may plead " to " evidence and, " and the words "upon demurrer or otherwise." Section one hundred and fifty-four. Section one hundred and fifty-five, from " and every such " to " elsewhere, " and from " or shall be " to " aforesaid, " and the words "upon demurrer." An Act to regulate and reduce the Expenses of the Offices attached to the Superior Courts of Law in Ireland payable out of the Consolidated Fund. In part; namely, — Section three, the words "the following, " and from " that is to say " to " seal." Section six, from " for abolishing " to " cases." Section seven, to " provided that." Sections nine and ten. Section fifteen. Section twenty-two, the words "Common Pleas." Section twenty-four, the words "or baron " twice occurring. Section twenty-eight, the words "and assistants " twice occurring, and from " the principal " to " custody." Sections twenty-nine and thirty. Sections thirty-two and thirty-three. Section thirty-eight to " office and." Sections thirty-nine and forty. In schedules A. and C. the words from "to prepare " to " signed, " and from " Writ Appearance " to end of schedule. Schedule B.

Qle

1892.

Statute Law Revision, 1892. Ch. 19.

161

Reign and Chapter. Title.

i 8 & 9 Vict. c. 16. The Companies Clauses Act, 1815. In part; namely, — Section one hundred and forty-seven, from " and on complaint " to the end of the section. Sections one hundred and forty-eight and one hundred and forty-nine. Section one hundred and fifty-three. Section one hundred and fifty-seven. Schedule (G.)

8 & 9 Vict. c. 17. The Companies Clauses (Scotland) Act, 1845. In part; namely, — Section one hundred and forty-nine, from "and on complaint " to " abode." Section one hundred and fifty, the words "upon any such adjudication as aforesaid, " " of such, " and "as aforesaid, " and from "and such sheriff" to the end of the section. Sections one hundred and fifty-two, one hundred and fifty-three, one hundred and fifty-five, one hundred and fifty-seven, and one hundred and fifty-nine and one hundred and sixty. Section one hundred and sixty-one, from " quashed " to " same be." Section one hundred and sixty-two, the words "or advocation." Sections one hundred and sixty-three and one hundred and sixty-four. Schedule G.

.8 & 9 Vict. c. 18. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, J 845. In part; namely, — Section sixty-nine, from " in England if " to " Ireland " where it last occurs. In sections seventy, seventy-three, seventy-four, seventy-six, seventy-eight, eighty, eighty-six, eighty-seven, eighty-eight, one hundred and seven, the words "in England or the Court of Exchequer in Ireland." Section eighty-three, the words "or by a Master in Chancery in Ireland." Section one hundred and thirty-six, from " and on complaint " to end of section. Section one hundred and thirty-seven. Section one hundred and forty-two. Section one hundred and forty-four. Schedule C.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 19. The Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845. In part; namely, — Section three, to "enacted that." Section fifty-one, the words "the remuneration " " for his time and labour, and " from " which remuneration " to " place of trial: " from " the time occupied" to "two days; and" and the words "remuneration or."

162 Ch. 19. Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 19. — cont. Section one hundred find thirty, from "and on complaint " to " abode." Section one hundred and thirty-one, the words "upon any such adjudication as aforesaid, " " of such, " and . "as aforesaid, " and from "and such sheriff" to the end of the section. Sections one hundred and thirty-three, one hundred and thirty-four, and one hundred and thirty-six and one hundred and thirty-seven. Section one hundred and thirty-eight, from " quashed " to " same be." Section one hundred and thirty-nine, the words "or advocation." Sections one hundred and forty and one hundred and forty-one. Schedule C.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 20. The Railway Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845. In part; namely, — Section one hundred and three, to " thereof, or " where those words last occur. Section one hundred and forty-five, from " and on complaint " to the end of the section. Sections one hundred and forty-six and one hundred and forty-seven. Section one hundred and fifty-one. Section one hundred and fifty-five. Schedule.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 26. An Act to prevent fishing for Trout or other Freshwater Fish by Nets in the Rivers and Waters in Scotland. In part; namely, — Section six, from " on such complaint " to " proceeded; and " and from " Provided always " to " calendar months." Section seven, to "appeal; and, " and the words "advocation or " and " than as herein provided." Section nine.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 33. The Railway Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845. In part; namely, — Section one hundred and thirty-seven, from "and on complaint " to " abode." Section one hundred and thirty-eight, the words "upon any such adjudication as aforesaid, " "of suah, " and " as aforesaid, " and from " and such sheriff " to the end of the section. Sections one hundred and forty, one hundred and forty-one, one hundred and forty-three, one hundred and forty-five, and one hundred and forty-eight. Section one hundred and forty-nine, from " quashed " to " same be." Section one hundred and fifty, the words "or advocation." Sections one hundred and fifty-one and one hundred and fifty-two. Schedule.

1892.

Statute Law Revision, 1892. Ch. 19.

1C3

Reign and Chapter. Title.

8 & 9 Vict* c. 35. An Act to simplify the Form and diminish the Expense of obtaining Infeftment in Heritable Property in Scotland. In part; namely, — Sections seven to nine.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 37. An Act to regulate the Issue of Bank Notes in Ireland, and to regulate the Repayment of certain Sums advanced by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland for the Public Service. In part; namely, — Section seven, from "to make and subscribe" to " popery nor."

8 & 9 Vict. c. 38. An Act to regulate the Issue of Bank Notes in Scotland. In part; namely, — Section two. Section seven, from " the first period " to " so on completing." Section nine, from " at the end of the " to " forty-five and so." Section ten, the words "first complete, " from " next after the" to "forty-five, " and "and so in each successive period of four weeks." Section twenty-one, from " for the use of" to " Exchequer in Scotland or, " and from " and it shall be lawful " to the end of the section.

8 & 9 Vict c. 66. An Act to enable Her Majesty to endow new Colleges for the Advancement of Learning in Ireland. In part; namely, — Section eight, the words "or any costs thereof" and " or to any costs thereof."

8 & 9 Vict. c. 75. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend, " and ends with the word "Libel." In part; namely, — Section one.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 77. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to make " and ends with the words "Hosiery in certain Cases." In part; namely, — Section five. Section six. Section seven, to " convicted and, " and as to Ireland from " the said penalty " to the end of the section. Section eight, from " and . when any " to the end of the section, except as to Ireland.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 83. An Act for the Amendment and better Administration of the Laws relating to the Relief of the Poor in Scotland. In part; namely, — Section seventy-seven, from " and they are hereby " to "hereunto annexed, " from "Provided always" to " of such removal, " and the word "also." Section eighty-one, from " and on such complaint " to " has proceeded, " from " either by " to " upon such conviction, " and from " Provided always " to the eud of the section.

164

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

lleign and Chapter. Title.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 83. — cont. Section eighty-two, from " provided that " to the end of the section. Section eighty-four. Section eighty-fi7e, from "set aside" to "same be* and the word "advocation." Schedule.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 107. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the Establishment " and ends with the words "District Lunatic Asylum." In part; namely, — Section seven, the words "or any costs thereof" and " or to any costs thereof."

8 & 9 Vict. c. 108. - An Act for the further Amendment of an Act of the Sixth Year of Her present Majesty, for regulating the Irish Fisheries. In part; namely, — Section four. Section seventeen. Section twenty-six.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 109. - An Act to amend the Law concerning Games and Wagers. In part; namely, — Section nineteen.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 115. - An Act for the appointment of a Taxing Master for the High Court of Chancery in Ireland. In part; namely, — Sections one and two. Section five, from " of Chancery " to end of section. Section six. Section eight, the words "as a barrister or, " " or as an attorney, " " or attorney " and from " of Chancery " to end of section. Section fourteen.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 118. - The Inclosure Act, 1845. In part; namely, — Section one hundred and sixty-five, from " and every such action " to " other county or place, " from "or such action" to "as aforesaid, " and from " a verdict " to " action or suit " where those words last occur.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 128. - An Act to make further Regulations respecting the Tickets of Work to be delivered to Silk Weavers in certain cases. In part; namely, — Section four. Section five. Section six, to " convicted:and; " and the whole section as to Ireland. Section eight, from " und . when any " to the end of section.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 2. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to authorise Grand Juries" and ends with the words "in Ireland." In part; namely, — Section twenty, from " and the sum " to end of section.

1892.

Statute Law Revision, 1892. Ch. 19.

165

Reign and Chapter. Title.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 3. An Act to encourage the Sea Fisheries of Ireland, by promoting and aiding with Grants of public Money the Construction of Piers, Harbours, and other Works. In part; namely, — Section seventy-six. Section seventy-seven, from "and in default" to end of section. Section eighty-one, from "and in case" to end of section.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 24. An Act for removing eome Defects in the Administration of Criminal Justice. In part; namely, — Section one. Section two, to the word "that " where it last occurs.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 37. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Office of Coroner and the Expences of Inquests in Ireland. In port; namely, — Sections thirteen and fourteen. Sections twenty-five to twenty-seven. Section twenty-eight, the words "or other " where those words first occur. Section forty-four, the words "or other " where they first occur. Schedule C., the words "To any poor witness for " each day of attendance at any inquest any sum " not exceeding per diem one shilling."

9 & 10 Vict. c. 61. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the word "Ireland."

9 & 10 Vict. c. 64. An Act to enable Courts of Law in Ireland to give Relief against adverse Claims made upon Persons having no Interest in the Subject Matter of such Claims.

9 <& 10 Vict. c. 111. An Act to amend the Law in Ireland as to Ejectments and Distresses, and as to the Occupation of Lands. In part; namely, — Section eight, the words "the lessor of the plaintiff or " and " lessor of the plaintiff or " wherever they occur, and from "provided that in case of" to " redeemed." Section fourteen, from " and where " to " full costs." Section sixteen, from " and in case of non-payment, " to end of section. Section seventeen. Section eighteen, to " original complaint, " and from. " and which order " to end of section. Section twenty, from " and levied " to end of section. Schedule A., the words "lessor of the plaintiff or, " and from " provided always " to " void " in Nos. 1 & 2.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 113. - An Act to improve the Proceedings in Prohibition and on Writs of Mandamus in Ireland.

166

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 16. - The Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847. In part; namely, — Section seventy-one, from " and if he fail " to the end of the section.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 26. - An Act for enabling the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland to purchase Land for Prisons in Ireland.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 31. - An Act to make further Provision for the Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland. In part; namely, — Section fourteen. Section seventeen.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 32. - An Act to facilitate the Improvement of Landed Property in Ireland. In part; namely, — Section six, from " and also every archbishop " to " capacities." Section twenty-eight, from " such periods " to end of section. Section fifty-eight, from " or in default " to end of section. Section sixty-two, from " provided always " to " such benefice." Section sixty-six, from u and also " to " ecclesiastical persons, " and from "and the word benefice" to " sole."

10 & 11 Vict. c. 33. - An Act to amend the Laws relating to Removal of Poor Persons from England and Scotland. In part; namely, — Section two.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 62. - An Act for the establishment of Naval Prisons, and for the Prevention of Desertion from Her Majesty's Navy. In part; namely, — Section thirteen, from " for any term " to " costs." Section fourteen, except so far as it relates to a proceeding under section nine. Section fifteen.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 79. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to continue " and ends with the words "said Act." In part; namely, — Section two.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 84. - An Act to make Provision for the Punishment of Vagrants and Persons offending against the Laws in force for the Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland. In part; namely, — Section six, from " and every " to end of section. Section seven. (jOCK

1892.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. Ch. 19.

167

Bogn and Chapter. Title.

10 &n Vict. c. 100. An Act to regulate the Superannuation Allowances of the Constabulary Force in Ireland and the Dublin Metropolitan Police. In part; namely, — Section ten, from " provided that such party " to " establishment, " where that word next occurs, and from " Provided always " to " superannuation."

11 & 12 Vict. C. 12. An Act for the better Security of the Crown and Government of the United Kingdom. In part; namely, — Section three, the words "at the discretion of the Court, " and from "or for any term" to the end of the section.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 26. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to remove " and ends with the word "cases." In part; namely, — From " Be it therefore " to " same that."

11 & 12 Vict. c. 28. - An Act to amend the Law of Imprisonment for Debt in Ireland, and to improve the Remedies for the Recovery of Debts and of the Possession of Tenements situate in Cities and Towns in certain cases. In part; namely, — Section three. Sections seven and eight. Section nine, the word decree " twice occurring. Section eighteen, frOin " and words " secondly occurring to end of section. Section nineteen.

114 12 Vict. c. 36. An Act for the amendment of the Law of entail in Scotland. In part; namely, — From " holden by " to " forty-eight " in sections three, five, fourteen, and sixteen. Section three, the words "and unmarried." Section twenty-nine, from " prior to the first " to " forty-eight, " and the words "prior to the said date." Section thirty-four. Section thirty-five, from " Provided always " to the end of the section. Section forty-four, from " keepers of the registers " to " and of the, " and the word "respectively, " and the word "such " where it first occurs.

114 12 Vict. c. 43. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to facilitate " and ends with the words "and Orders." In part; namely, — Section thirty, from " clerk of the special sessions " to " out of sessions, " from " to the clerks of special " to "of the justices of the peace, " from "clerks of special sessions" to "justices of the peace, " and from " to be by them " tc " respectively." ^Ig

168

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Ad, 1802. 55 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

11 *12 Vict. c. 48. - An Act to facilitate the Sale of Incumbered Estates in Ireland.

11 12 Vict. c. 68. - An Act for extending to Ireland an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled " An Act for better securing Trust Funds, and for the Relief of Trustees." In part; namely, — Section one, the words "or of the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer." Section two, the words "or Court of Exchequer" and " or the said Court of Exchequer." Sections four to seven.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 74. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to authorise " and ends with the words "in Scotland."

11 & 12 Vict. c. 79. - An Act to facilitate and simplify Procedure in the Court of Justiciary in Scotland. In part; namely, — Section three.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 92. - An Act for the Protection and Improvement of the Salmon, Trout, and other Inland Fisheries of Ireland. In part; namely, — Section twenty-seven, to " thenceforth." Section thirty-five, from "and one moiety" to end of section.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 120. - An Act to facilitate the Transfer of Landed Property in Ireland. In part, namely — Section four, the words "and registrar of judgments." Section ten, from " and shall if required " to " aforesaid." Section eleven, from "and shall if required" to " certificate." Section twelve, from " and the said registrar " to end of section.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 16. - An Act to protect Justices of the Peace in Ireland from vexatious Actions for Acts done by them in the Execution of their Office. In part; namely, — Section one, the words "upon the general issue being pleaded." Section eleven, from " and after such action " to " think fit, " and from " and the sum " to end of section.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 51. - An Act for the better Protection of the Property of Pupils, absent Persons, and Persons under Mental Incapacity in Scotland. In part; namely, — Sections twenty-two, twenty-four, and twenty-nine.

1892.

Statute Law Revision, 1892. Ch. 19.

169

Reign and Chapter. Title.

12 & 13 Vict c. 78. - The House of Lords Costs Taxation Act, 1849. In part; namely, — The word " attorney " wherever it occurs in sections two and eight. Section four, the word "attornies."

12 & 13 Vict. c. 91. - ! An Act to provide for the Collection of Rates in the City of Dublin. In part j namely, — Section four, the words "with costs of suit, " from " of debt " to end of section. Section five, the words "of debt, " from " in which action " to " hereinbefore mentioned." Section twenty-four, the words "of debt bill plaint." Sections thirty-five and thirty-six. Section seventy, the words "of debt." Section seventy-nine, from "and if no such tender" to end of section. Section eighty-five.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 92. - An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. In part; namely, — Section fourteen, from " upon the complaint" to end of section. Sections fifteen to seventeen. Sections twenty-three and twenty-four.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 95. - An Act to amend the Law concerning Judgments in Ireland. In part; namely, — Sections nine to eleven.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 104. - An Act to amend the Acts for the more effectual Belief of the destitute Poor in Ireland. In part; namely, — Section one. Sections thirteen to sixteen. Section seventeen, from " or by the chairman " to " county of Dublin." and the words "the city of, " and " chairman." Section twenty-nine, from " or before the chairman " to " county of Dublin, " and the words "the city of " and "chairman." Section thirty, from " or before the chairman " to " Dublin, " where that word first occurs, the words "the city of, " where those words first and thirdly occur, from " the chairman " to " county of Dublin or, " and the words "as the case may be."

12 & 13 Vict. c. 105. - An Act for converting the renewable Leasehold Tenure of Lands in Ireland into a Tenure in Fee. In part; namely, — Section twenty, from " and in avowing " to " title thereto, " and the word "such" where it next occurs. Section twenty-one, the words "or the Court of Exchequer at the Equity side thereof." Sections thirty-two and thirty-three.

170

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

J3 & 14 Vict. c. 7. - Ait Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for consolidating " and ends with the word "Offices." In part; namely, — Sections five and seven.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 18. - An Act for the Regulation of Process and Practice in the Superior Courts of Common Law in Ireland.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 36. - An Act to facilitate Procedure in the Court of Session in Scotland. In part; namely, — Sections nine, ten, thirteen, and fifteen. Section eighteen, to " bill, and." Section twenty-two, to " in lieu thereof " and the word "such." Section thirty-one. Section thirty-seven, to " outer house and, " and from "or by any" to the end of the section. Section fifty-four, from " and also to " where these words first occur to " after vacation or recess." Section fifty-six.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 37. - An Act for the further Extension of Summary Jurisdiction in Cases of Larceny.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 51. - An Act for the transfer of the equitable jurisdiction of the Court of Exchequer to the Court of Chancery in Ireland.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 68. - An Act to shorten the Duration of Elections in Ireland, and for establishing additional Places for taking the Poll thereat. In part; namely, — Section eighteen, to " passing of this Act and." Section twenty-four, from " and the word barony " to end of section.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 69. - An Act to amend the laws which regulate the Qualification and Registration of Parliamentary Voters in Ireland, and to alter the Law for rating Immediate Lessors of Premises to the Poor Rate in certain Boroughs. In part; namely, — Section eight, from "save and except" to end of section. Section thirteen, the words "or copyholder." Section fourteen, down to the words "January in such year; and, " the word "so " between the words "be " and " registered, " the words "or forty shilling freeholder, " and " in the case of a freeman or person entitled by such corporate or other right." Section fifteen, the words "according to the form (number 14) in the said Schedule."

1892.

Statute Law Revision, 1892. Ch. 19.

171

Reign and Chapter. Title.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 69. — cont. Section sixteen, from " according to the respective " to " annexed/' the words "according to the form (number 3) in the Schedule (A), " and from " and also " to " schedule." Section nineteen, from " and such copies of register shall be in " to " annexed." Section twenty, from "and such supplemental" to " annexed." Sections twenty-one and twenty-three, from " and shall likewise keep " to end of section. Section twenty-two, the words "according to the form (numbered 8) in the said Schedule (A), " and from " according " to " like effect." Section twenty-three, the words "according to the form (numbered 10) in the said Schedule (A)." Section twenty-six, the words "according to the form " (numbered 11) in the said Schedule (A.) or to " the like effect, " and " according to the form " (numbered 12) in the said Schedule (A.) or to " the like effect." Section twenty-seven, the words "according to the form (numbered 13) in the said Schedule (A.), " and from " and shall also keep" to end of section. Section twenty-nine, from " according to the respective " to " annexed, " and the words "according to the form (numbered 4) in the said Schedule (B.)" Section thirty, the words "according to the form (numbered 5) in the said Schedule (B.), " and the words "in respect of the inhabitancy of a house or." Section thirty-one, from " and the town clerk shall keep " to end of section. Section thirty-two, from "and such lists" where they first occur to " annexed." Section thirty-three, the words "according to the " form (numbered 7) in the Schedule (B.) to this " Act annexed, " from " and also of " to " of houses, " the words "according to the form (numbered 8) in the said Schedule (B.), " and "according to the form (numbered 9) in the Schedule (B.), " and " forty shilling freeholders." Section thirty-four, the words "according to the " form (numbered 10) in the said Schedule (B.), " or to the like effect, " and "according to the " forms (numbered 11, 12, and 13) respectively " in the said Schedule (B.)" Section thirty-six, the words "according to the form *l (numbered 14) in the said Schedule (B.), or to " the like effect, " and "according to the form (numbered 15) in the said Schedule (B.) " Section thirty-seven, the words "according to the " forms (numbered 16, 17, and 18) in the said " Schedule (B.), " and from " and shall keep " to end of section.

172

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

1 13 & 14 Vict. c. 69. — eont. Sections thirty-nine and forty. Section fifty-five, from "provided always, that whether" to end of section. Section fifty-six, from " and shall for that purpose " to " have been made." Section sixty-five, from " between the last" to " succeeding year, " the words "in the table (numbered 2) in the Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed, " and " in the table (numbered 2) in the said Schedule (C.)" Section seventy-three. Section seventy-six, from "the Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas, " to " said office." Section eighty-three, to " provided always, that." Section eighty-eight, from " or (in case of a Quaker) " to " affirmation, " and the words "or affirm, as the case may be." Section ninety-six, the words "with full costs of suit " aod " of debt." Section one hundred and three, the words "with full costs of suit" and " of debt." Section one hundred and six. Section one hundred and nine, the words "and levied by distress."

13 & 14 Vict. c. 73. - An Act to amend the Law relating to Proceedings by Process of Attachment of Goods in the Borough and other Courts of Record in Ireland. In part; namely, — Section ten, the words "sovereign or seneschal " twice occurring, and from " or before " to " Galway."

13 & 14 Vict. c. 74. An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Registrar of Judgments in Ireland. In part; namely, — Sections one to three.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 88. - An Act to amend the Law relating to Engines used in the Rivers and on the Sea Coasts of Ireland for the taking of Fish. In part; namely, — Sections twenty-two to thirty-one. Section forty-one.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 89. - An Act to regulate the proceedings in the High Court of Chancery in Ireland. In part; namely, — Section thirty-six.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 114. - An Act to repeal the Stamp Duties on Proceedings in the Courts of Law in Ireland, and to grant certain other Stamp Duties in lieu thereof.

1892.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. Ch. 19.

173

Reign and Chapter. Title.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 7. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the words "Erection of Mills." In part; namely, — Preamble, from " every archbishop " to " respectively, and for, " from " the successors of every " to " and against, " and from " And whereas it is expedient" to end of preamble. From " Be it therefore " to " authority of the same." Section one, the words ‘‘ That " and " dignitaries, ecclesiastical persons."

14 & 15 Vict. c. 11. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the better " and ends with the word "Cases." In part; namely, — Title from " and to enable " to end of title. Preamble and to " authority of the same." The word "That" at the commencement of sections three to five, eight, and nine.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 12. - An Act to continue the Duties on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, and to amend the Act imposing the same. In part; namely, — Preamble and to "authority of the same that" and the word "That" at the commencement of section three.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 13. - An Act to regulate the Sale of Arsenic. In part; namely, — Preamble and to " as follows."

14 & 15 Vict. c. 14. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the words "in Parliament." In part; namely, — Preamble, from " no person shall " to " further enacted that, " and from " Be it therefore " to " authority of the same that."

4 Section one, the words "from and after the passing of this Act, " and the words "firstly-recited " twice occurring. Section two, the words "and be it enacted." Section three, the words "and be it enacted."

14 & 15 Vict. c. 19. - An Act for the better Prevention of Offences. In part; namely, — Section eleven, to " enacted that."

14 & 15 Vict. c. 20. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to extend, " and ends with the word "Reversion." In part; namely, — Preamble and to " authority of the same." Section one, the word "That " where it first occurs and from " Provided always " to the end of the section.

174

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 21. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the word "Cases." In part; namely, — Preamble and to " authority of the same." Section one, the word "That " where it first occurs. Section two, the words "but free from any charge for usher's poundage."

14 & 15 Vict. c. 24 - An Act to amend the Acts for the granting of Sites for Schools. In part; namely, — Preamble and to " as follows."

14 & 15 Vict. c. 25. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to improve " and ends with the word "Fixtures." In part; namely, — Preamble and to " authority of the same " and the word "That " at the commencement of sections one to four.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 26. - An Act to amend the Acts relating to the British White Herring Fishery. In part; namely, — Preamble and to " authority of the same." Section two, to " of this Act." The word "That" at the commencement of each section. Section seven. Section nine, from " for any period " to the end of the section.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 28. - The Common Lodging Houses Act, 1851. In part; namely, — Preamble and to " to wit." Section two, from " The word borough " to " those purposes." Section seventeen. Section eighteen, the word "That." The whole Act, except as to the Metropolis as defined by the Public Health Act, 1875.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 35. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to extend " and ends with the word "Service." In part; namely, — Preamble and to " same that."

14 & 15 Vict. c. 36. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to repeal " and ends with the words "annual Value." In part; namely, — Title from " to repeal " to " Lights, and " and the words "in lieu thereof other." Preamble and to " as follows: " Section one, to " as aforesaid, " and the words "her heirs and successors." Section two, the words "except as herein-after excepted, " and from " Excepting always " to the end of the section.

1892.

Statute Law Revisio , 1892. Ch. 19.

175

Reign and Chapter. Title.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 41. - An Act to regulate the Salaries of the Chief Justice of the Court of Queen's Bench and the Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas. In part; namely, — Preamble and to " same that, " the words "reduced to " and from " and the salary " to " thousand pounds, " where those words lastly occur.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 42. - An Act to make better Provision for the Management of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown, and for the Direction of Public Works and Buildings. In part; namely, — Preamble and to "as follows: " Section one, from " and the persons so to become " to " and no longer." Section two, the words "Her Majesty's " where they thirdly, fifthly, and sixthly occur, the words "Forests and Land Revenues " wherever they occur, and the words "for the time being " where they secondly and thirdly occur. Section three, the words "Her Majesty's " where they secondly, fourthly, and last occur, and the words "Forests and Land Revenues" wherever they occur. Section four, the words "Forests and Land Revenues." Section five, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's" where they first occur, the words "Forests and Land Revenues" where they first and thirdly occur, and the words "Her Majesty's " wherever they occur, and " her heirs and successors." Section six, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section seven, the words "Commissioners of her Majesty's " where they first and fourthly occur, the words "Her Majesty's" where they thirdly and last occur, and the words "Forests and Land Revenues " occurring twice. Section eight, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's " where they first occur, " said Commissioners of Her Majesty's, " " Her Majesty's " where they thirdly occur, and " Forests and Laud Revenues." Section ten, the words "Her Majesty's, " and from " Forests " to " being." Section twelve, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section thirteen, the words "Her Majesty's, " except where they first occur, "for the time being" where they first occur, and " Forests and Land Revenues " except where they first occur. Section fifteen, the words "Her Majesty's" where they secondly and thirdly occur, and the words "and Public Buildings" where they first and secondly occur.

176

Ch. 19. '

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 42. — cont. Section sixteen, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's " before " Treasury " occurring twice, and the words "Her Majesty's, " " and Public Buildings, " and "and Buildings" wherever they respectively occur, and the word "Public " before " Works." Section seventeen, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's, " and the words "Her Majesty's, " and " and Public Buildings " where they respectively last occur. Section twenty, the words "Her Majesty's " and "and Public Buildings." Section twenty-oue, to " Act " where it first occurs, the words "Her Majesty's" except where they first occur, "and Public Buildings for the time being" wherever they occur, and "and Public Buildings " where they last occur. Section twenty-two, the words "Her Majesty's" where they first, thirdly, fifthly, seventhly, and last occur, "and Public Buildings for the time being " wherever they occur " and Public Buildings " before " had, " and where they last occur, and " Forests and Land Revenues." Section twenty-three, the words "Her Majesty's " where they first and last occur, and " Forests and Land Revenues " occurring twice. Section twenty-five, the words "Her Majesty's " and "and Public Buildings" respectively occurring twice. Section twenty-six, the words "Her Majesty's " and "and Public Buildings" respectively occurring twice. Section twenty-seven, the words "Her Majesty's" where they last occur, and " and Public Buildings and their successors." Section twenty-eight, the words "Her Majesty's " where they lost occur, and "and Public Buildings." Section thirty-two, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's" l>efore "Treasury, " the words "for the time being, " " Her Majesty's, " " and Public Buildings, " and " Forests and Land Revenues " wherever they occur. Section thirty-three, the words "Her Majesty's" where they first, thirdly, and fourthly occur, " Commissioners of" where they first occur, "and Public Buildings, " and " Forests and Land Revenues." Section thirty-four, the words "Her Majesty's" except where they secondly and last occur, " Commissioners of" where they first and fifthly occur, " for the time being, " and "and Public Buildings, " and " Forests and Land Revenues, " wherever they respectively occur. Section thirty-five, the words "Her Majesty's " except where they secondly, thirdly, fourthly, and last

1892.

Statute Law Revision, 1892. Ch. 19.

177

Reign and Chapter. Title.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 42-cow/. occur, " Commissioners of " where they first occur, and " Forests and Land Revenues " and " and Public Buildings, " wherever they respectively occur. Section thirty-six, tho words " Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section thirty-seven, the words "Forests and Land Revenues" wherever they occur, "and Public Buildings" and " Her Majesty's, " and from " with the like powers " to " Military Departments." Section thirty-nine, the words "Forests and Land Revenues " and " Commissioners of the." Schedule, so far as it relates to the following Acts, namely, 8 & 9 Vict. c. 73., 9 & 10 Vict. cc. 5., 106., and 11 & 12 Vict. c. 129.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 46. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the word Majesty." In part; namely, — Title from " to amend " to " Park and." Section three, to " enacted that " from " in case " to " as aforesaid, " where those words next occur, the words "for the time being" and "Her Majesty's " where they respectively next occur, from " by the Commissioners, " where those words thirdly occur, to " aforesaid, " the words "for the time being, " and " Her Majesty's, " where they respectively last occur, and the words "Forests and Land Revenues " and " her heirs or successors " wherever they occur.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 49. - The Preliminary Inquiries Act, 1851. In part; namely, — Preamble and to " of the same."

14 & 15 Vict. c. 50. - An Act to amend the Public Health Act, and an Act of the Third and Fourth Years of King William the Fourth, in respect of the Assessment of Tithe and Tithe Rent-charges for certain Rates. In part; namely, — Title, the words "the Public Health Act, and." Preamble and to " same that."

14 & 15 Vict. c. 53. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to consolidate " and ends with the word "Acts." In part; namely, — Preamble, aod to " as follows." Section nine, to " enacted that."

14 & 15 Vict. c. 55. - An Act to amend the Law relating to the Expenses of Prosecutions, and to make further Provision for the Apprehension and Trial of Offenders in certain cases. In part; namely, — Preamble and to " same that." Section two, from " unlawfully and " to " twelve years."

178

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 VICT.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 55. — cont. Section five, from " to revoke " to " repealed, and.* Section eight, to " enacted that." Section nine, to " enacted that " the words "notice " being given at the preceding quarter sessions that " a motion will be made for such purpose, " "if they see fit so to do, " from "where any such clerks " to " this Act or otherwise, " and from " in fixing " to " respect thereof; but." Section thirteen, to " Be it enacted that.* Section eighteen, to " enacted, that.* Sections twenty and twenty-one.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 56. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to sanction " and ends with the words "in future." In part; namely, — Preamble and to " as follows." Section two, to " of this Act.' *

14 & 15 Vict. c. 57. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to consolidate " and ends with the words "Insolvent Debtors." In part; namely, — Title, from " and to transfer" to end of title. Preamble and to " as follows " and the word "that " wherever it occurs in reference to the words so repealed. The words " or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being" and "0r other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland" wherever they occur. Section two, to "longer; and, " and the words from "of the chairman" to "Dublin, or" the words "already appointed or hereafter to be appointed, " the word "said " where it first occurs, from " in the place " to " the said county " where those words next occur, the words "hereafter to be appointed, " " also " where it first occurs, " her heirs and successors, " "and the said chairman, " and "chairman and, " and from "in the present" to the end of the section. The words " From and after the commencement of this Act " in sections four, thirty, and thirty-live^ Section four, to " Dublin, and, " from " already ", to " as aforesaid, " the words him and " and " his and, " and from " on the twenty-fifth day of March " to the end of the section. Section seven, to " enacted that, " the words upon oath before any justice of the peace " and the words "the said chairman or " and the words "chairman or " wherever they occur. Section eight, to " enacted that " the words "the chairman or " and from " or in the county " to " hold office."

1892.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. Ch. 19.

179

Reign and Chapter. Title.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 57. — cont. ! t 1 Section nine, the words "the said chairman or of " and the words "chairman or " twice occurring. Section ten, the words "of debt, bill, plaint." Section eleven, to " attend, and " and the words "hereafter to be appointed." Section thirteen, from " before the " to " Dublin, or." Section fourteen, the words "the chairman of the county of Dublin, " " chairman, " " chief, " and " or other judge or baron." Section fifteen, the words "chairman or " wherever they occur, and " the chairman and." Section sixteen, the words "by the said chairman or " and " chairman or." Section seventeen, the words "already appointed or " " by said chairman or " and the words "chairman or " twice occurring. Section eighteen, from "already" to "who shall be" and the words "the chairman or." Section nineteen, the words "chairman or " wherever they occur. Section twenty-one, the words "the chairman of the county of Dublin, and." Section twenty-two, the words "the City of" and " the borough of" where those words respectively first occur, and from " and the recorder " where 1 those words first occur, to the end of the section. | Section twenty-five, to " enacted that." Section thirty, to " this Act." Section thirty-two, to " this Act."; Section thirty-three, the words "now appointed or I hereafter to be." | Section thirty-five, to " this Act." j Section thirty-seven, to " enacted that " the words ' " and continued as aforesaid " from " that from " 1 to " this Act, " and the words "and continued by the 1 Act aforesaid." | Section thirty-eight, to " enacted that." Sections forty-three, forty-six, forty-nine, one hundred and forty, and one hundred and forty-two, so far as they relate to forms in Schedule (C.). Section sixty, to " same; and " and the word "such." Section sixty-two, to " enacted that." Sections seventy-one to seventy-eight. Section seventy-nine, to " county of Dublin, and, " the words "the county of the city of " and from " or held under " to " same or not." Section eighty-two, to " enacted that " and the word "chairman." Section eighty-three. Section eighty-four, the word "chairman" where it first and last occurs, and the words "chairman ' or " where they first occur. M 2

180

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 VrcT.

Reign and Chapter.

14 & 15 Vice. c. 57. — cow/.

Title.

Section eighty-five, the words "the chairmen or, " "chairman or" and "chairman" wherever they occur.

Section eighty-nine, the word "chairman."

Section ninety-one, from "and the respective" to "of Dublin" and the words "or registrar" twice occurring.

Section ninety-two, the word "chairman " wherever it occurs.

Section ninety-three.

Section ninety-seven, the words "said chairman."

Section one hundred and ten.

Section one hundred and twelve, from "and such decree " to " annexed."

Sections one hundred and eighteen and one hundred and twenty-one.

Section one hundred and twenty-five, to " enacted that."

Section one hundred and thirty-one, to "deposited with the sheriff, " the word "said, " and from " shall neglect " to " him, or."

Section one hundred and thirty-two.

Section one hundred and thirty-three, the word "chairman, " and from " or in the county " to " provided."

The word " chairman " iu sections one hundred and thirty-four, one hundred and thirty-six to ono one hundred and thirty-eight.

Section one hundred and thirty-nine, from "except" to " eleven."

Section one hundred and forty, from "or an" to " allowed, " from " or affirmation " to " admit, and, " the words "or making such affirmation, " " or affirming, " " or affirm, " and from " Provided also " to the end of the section.

Section one hundred and forty-one, from " or an " to "allowed, " and the words "or affirmation made, " "or affirming, " "or affirmed, " and the words "or affirmation " twice occurring.

Section one hundred and fifty, to " enacted that."

Section one hundred and fifty-four.

Section one hundred and fifty-five, the words "Every such registrar and, " the word "that" before "on proof, " and the words "registrar or " twice occurring.

Section one hundred and fifty-seven, the words "or making a declaration or affirmation, " " declare and affirm, " " declared or affirmed, " and " or affirmed or declared."

Section one hundred and fifty-eight, from " the chairman" to "Dublin, and, " and the words "the city of " " the borough of " respectively twice occurring.

1892.

Statute Law Revisio Act, 1892. Ch. 19.

181

Reign and Chapter. Title.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 57. — cont. Section one hundred and fifty-nine, to " from and after the commencement of this Act, " and the -words " the city of " and " borough of." Section one hundred and sixty-one, to "as aforesaid, " and from as fully " to the end of the section. Section one hundred and sixty-two, the words "as regards the county of Dublin, " from " in the office of" to "county of Dublin, and" where those words first; occur, from " to such registrar " where those words first occur to "Dublin, and " where those words next occur, from " the chairman " where those words next occur, to " county of .Dublin and, " from " and that all words importing " to " males, " and the words "counties of cities and counties of towns, and." Section one hundred and sixty-four. Schedule (B), the words "his successors £1,000 per annum." Schedule (C). Schedule (D).

14 & 15 Vict. c. G3. - An Act for the Settlement of the Boundaries between the Provinces of Canada and New Brunswick. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

14 & 15 Vict. c. 64. - An Act to repeal the Act for constituting Commissioners of Railways. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section two, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

14 & 15 Vict. c. 65. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to continue " and ends with the word "Purposes." In part; namely, — Title from " and also to provide " to end of title. Section four. Section five, to " enacted that."

14 & 15 Vict. c. 66. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for rebuilding " and ends with the word "Bridges."

14 & 15 Vict. c. 68. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to provide " and ends with the words "Poor in Ireland." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " authority of the same." Sections one and two. Section three, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section four. Section ten, from " where, under the " to " also that." Sections nineteen and twenty. Section twenty-one, from " the words " to " being, and."

182

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. I Title.

14 & lo Vict. c. 70. - ' An Act to alter and amend certain Provisions of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, so far as relates to Ireland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section nineteen, from " and no monies " to the end of the section. Section twenty-five, the words "the Governor and Company of."

14 & 15 Vict. c. 81. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to authorise " and ends with the word "India." In part; namely, — i Preamble, and lo " as follows, " and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference to the words so repealed.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 83. - An Act to improve the Administration of Justice in the Court of Chancery and in the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. In part; namely, — ! Preamble, and to " as follows." The whole Act except so much of sections sixteen, eighteen and twenty-one as is unrepealed. Section sixteen, the word "said" before "Judicial, " the words "the said Act or, " and the word "other " before " Act."

14 & 15 Vict. c. 85. -; :An Act further to amend an Act of the Sixth Year of King William the Fourth, to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Constabulary Force in Ireland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " authority of the same." Section one, from " or other " to " Ireland, " and the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's" and " said Commissioners of the." Section two, to " enacted that, " and the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section three, to " road sessions " where those words secondly occur, and the words "from and after the passing of this Act." Section four, to " enacted that." Section six, to " enacted that, " and the words "her heirs and successors."

I 14 & 15 Vict; c. 87. - i An Act to regulate certain Proceedings in relation to the Elections of Representative Peers for Scotland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one, the word "That." Section two, to " twenty-five days " where those words first occur, and the word "that." Section four, to " Be it enacted that."

1892.

Statxiie Law Revision Act, 1892. Ch. 19.

18Jt

Reign and Chapter. Title.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 88. - An Act for amending the several Acts for the Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 90. - In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " authority of the same." An Act for the better Collection of Fines, Penalties, Issues, Amerciaments, and forfeited Recognizances in Ireland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " authority of the same that." Section three, from " but in every case " to the end of the section. Soction nine, the words "Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section eighteen, from " county of a city " to " town or, " from " the words Lord " to " Ireland, " and from " and the word oath " to " affirmation."

14 & 15 Vict. c. 91. - An Act tho title of which begins with the words "An Act to authorize " and ends with the word "Scotland."

14 & 15 Vict. c. 92. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to consolidate " and ends with the word "Ireland." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " authority of the same." Section one, the word "That." Section twenty-two, from " or other " to " Ireland." Section twenty-five, the definitions of county, oath, and month.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 93. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to consolidate " and ends with the word "Ireland." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " authority of the same that." Section sixteen, the words "or other Chief Governor ! or Governors of Ireland " " or their " and " or a

14 & 15 Vict. c. 97. - judge thereof in vacation." Section thirty, the words "or steward." Section forty-four, from " county of a city " to " town or, " and the words "as the case may be, " and the definitions of Lord Lieutenant, month, and oath. An Act to amend the Church Building Acts. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." The words " United" and "and Ireland" in sections

14 & 15 Vict. c. 99. - ten and twenty-nine. Section sixteen, the words "for England." An Act to amend the Law of Evidence. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section six, from "or the Court of Common" to "of Durham, " from "and each" to "judges thereof, " and the words "respectively" and " or judge." Section thirteen, to "enacted that." Section seventeen, from " or to imprisonment " to " hard labour." Section nineteen, from " to all the British " ta " Company, and."

184

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 100. - 1 An Act for further improving the Administration of Criminal Justice. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one, to " operation." Section nine, to " enacted that" Section nineteen, to 4* enacted that." Section thirty, from and wherever" to "thing" where it secondly occurs.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 102. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend, " and ends with the words "the meantime." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same as follows." Section two, the definition of" Board of Trade." Section twelve, the words Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section twenty, to Act."

14 & 15_ Vict. c. 104. - An Act to facilitate the Management and Improvement of Episcopal and Capitular Estates in England. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to 4‘ same as follows." Section four, the word That " where it first occurs. Section eight, the words for England " twice occurring. Section twelve.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 105. - An Act the title of which begins with the words An Act to continue " and ends with the words Mof the Poor." In part; namely, — Title, from to continue " to Fund and." Preamble, and to44 same as follows." Section four, to enacted that."

15 & LG Vict. c. 5. - | An Act further to explain and amend the Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales, and in Ireland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to authority of the same." Section one, to this Act." Section six, to passing of this Act."

15 & 10 Vict. c. 12. - An Act the title of which begins with the words An Act to enable " and ends with the word Engravings." In part; namely, — Title from to enable " to of Copyright." Preamble, and to same as follows."

15 & 16 Vict. c. 23. - An Act to shorten the Time required for assembling Parliament after Dissolution thereof. In part; namely, — To 44 same that."

1892. Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. Ch. 19. 185

Reign and Chapter. Title.

13 & 16 Vict. c. 24. - The Wills Act Amendment Act, 1852. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same (as follows)." Section one, the word w that " before " no such will."

15 & 16 Vict. c. 25. - An Act to amend an Act for registering Births, Deaths, and Marriages in England. In part; namely, — To "authority of the same that" and the words "her heirs or successors, " "Commissioners of Her Majesty's, " and " for the time being."

15 & 16 Vict. c. 26. - The Foreign Deserters Act, 1852. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

15 & 16 Vict. c. 27. - An Act to amend the Law of Evidence in Scotland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows, vizt." Section five.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 28. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend, " and ends with the word "Buildings." In part; namely, — Title, the words "Her Majesty's " and " and Public Buildings." To " same, as follows." Section one, the words "Her Majesty's " and " and Public Buildings, " where they respectively first occur. Section two, the words "Her Majesty's " and " and Public Buildings, " wherever they respectively occur, and "Commissioners of" where they secondly occur. Section three, the words "Her Majesty's, " "and Public Buildings, " and " her heirs and successors." Section four, the words "Exchequer, Jury Court, " " Her Majesty's, " and from " and Public " to " for ever-'* Section five, the word "That." Section six, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section seven, the word "That " where it first occurs, and the words "after the passing of this Act, " "further that, " "Her Majesty's, " and "and Public Buildings."

15 & 16 Vict. c. 32. - An Act to alter and amend certain Provisions in the Laws i-elating to the Number and Election of Magistrates and Councillors in the Burghs in Scotland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " authority of the same." Section one, the word "That."

186

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 VICT.

Reign and Chapter. Tide.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 32. — cont. Section two, to " election of councillors, " and from " and at such " to the end of the section. Section three, to " respectively and." Section four, to " of councillors." Section five, to " remedy whereof, " and the words "as aforesaid." Section ten, from " but the said " to the end of the section.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 34. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to extend, " and ends with the word "Ireland." In part; namely, — To " of the same that."

15 & 16 Vict. c. 38. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to explain, " and ends with the word "Boroughs." In part; namely, — To " of the same that."

15 & 16 Vict. c. 39. - An Act to remove Doubts as to the Lands and Casual Revenues of the Crown in the Colonies and Foreign Possessions of Her Majesty. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same as follows."

15 & 16 Vict. c. 49. - An Act to extend the Provisions of the several Acts passed for the Conveyance of Sites for Schools. In part; namely — To " passing of this Act."

15 & 16 Vict. c. 50. - An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Militia in England. In part; namely, — Preamble and to " of the same as follows." Section eighteen, from " it appear " where those words first occur, to " Act, or, " and the word "subsequent." Section twenty-one, the word "And, " where it first occurs. | Section thirty-seven, the words "and volunteers, " | where they last occur. Section thirty-eight, to " fourteen."

15 & 16 Vict. c. 51. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to extend, " and ends with the word "Tenure." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same as follows."

15 & 16 Vict. c. 52. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to enable, " and ends with the word "Ireland." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same as follows."

1892.

Statute Law Revision, 1892,

Ch. 19.

187

Reign and Chapter.

Title.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 55.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 56.

to & 16 Vict. c. 57.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 62.

- An Act to extend the Provisions of the Trustee Act, 1850.

In part; namely, —

Preamble and to " authority of the same, " and the word "that " wherever it occurs with reference ! to the words so repealed.

I Section thirteen.

- I An Act for regulating the Qualifications of Pharmaceutical j Chemists.

j In part; namely, —

Preamble, and to " authority of the same."

Section one, the word "That." j Section four, the words "the said registrar or " and

' " future."

Section nine, to " examined there."

I Section eleven, the word "That " where it first

i occurs.

Section twelve, to " Act, " where it first occurs.

Section fourteen, the wonls " Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

-, An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act i to provide, ' ' and ends with the word "Parliament."

In part; namely, — i Preamble, and to " same as follows."

j Section two, the words "or Common Pleas."

Section three, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

Section fourteen, the words "Commissioners of her

j Majesty's " and " said Commissioners of her Majesty's."

Section fifteen, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's " wherever they occur.

Section sixteen, the word "That."

. ! An Act to alter and amend certain Acts relating to the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown.

In part; namely, —

Preamble, the words "Forests and Land Revenues " where they first, thirdly, and sixthly occur, the words ‘‘ said Commissioners of Her Majesty's " where they first occur, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's " where they last occur before "Treasury, " and the words "Her Majesty's" wherever they occur before "Woods, " and from " Be it therefore " to " of the same."

Section one, the words "That " and " Commissioners i of Her Majesty's."

Section two, to " enacted, that, " the w ords " Commis-j sioners of Her Majesty's, " where they secondly

! occur, "said Commissioners of Her Majesty's" the

words " for the time being " where they first occur, and " her heirs and successors, " and the words "Her Majesty's" and "Forests and Land Revenues, " wherever they respectively occur.

188

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

15 & 16 Vict, ©. 62. — cont. Section three, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's, " where they last occur, and the words "Her Majesty's, " " Forests and Land Revenues, " and " her heirs and successors, " wherever they respectively occur. Section four, the words "for the time being " and " Forests and Land Revenues, " wherever they respectively occur, and the words "Her Majesty's, " except where they thirdly occur. Section five, the words "Her Majesty's, " where they secondly occur, and " Forests and Land Revenues." Section six, the words "Her Majesty's, " where they first occur, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's, " where they secondly and thirdly occur, "Forests and Land Revenues, " and "her heirs or successors." Section seven, the words "Her Majesty's, " and "Forests and Land Revenues, " wherever they respectively occur, and the words "Commissioners of " where they last occur. Section eleven, the words "That " and " after the passing of this Act."

15 & 16 Vict. c. 63. - An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Valuation of rateable Property in Ireland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " authority of the same." Section seventeen, from " in the form " to " this Act." Section twenty-one, from " in the form " to " this Act." Section thirty-four, the words "of Ireland " and " of the Lord Lieutenant." Section forty-four, the words "county of a city or county of a town " occurring twice. Section forty-five, the definitions of Lord Lieutenant and Court of Quarter Sessions, and the word "that" wherever it occurs. Section forty-seven, to "of the grand jury, " the word "that " before " all, " and the words "and be it enacted."

15 & 16 Vict. c. 72. - An Act to grant a Representative Constitution to the Colony of New Zealand. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same as follows." Sections one to thirty-one. Section thirty-three. Sections thirty-five to thirty-nine. Section forty, from " within " to " thereafter, " and from " such House " where those words first oceur to the end of the section. | Sections forty-one to forty-three.

1892.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. Ch. 19.

189

Reign and Chapter. Title.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 72. — cont. Section forty-five. Sections forty-nine to fifty-two. Section fifty-six, the words "her heirs or successors." Section sixty. Sections sixty-two and sixty-three. Section sixty-four, from " and the said treasurer " to the end of the section. Section sixty-six, from " and from the disposal " to " herein contained, " and from " and the surplus " to the end of the section. Section seventy. Section seventy-two, from "Provided always" to the end of the section. Section seventy-three. Sections seventy-five to seventy-nine. Section eighty-one. Schedule. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's dominions.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 73. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to make " and ends with the words "those Courts." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows."

[Preamble.]

15 & 16 Vict. c. 76. - The Common Law Procedure Act, 1852. In part; namely, — Section one hundred and thirty-two, the words "ad audiendum errores, " and from " by or against " to "against a wife." Section two hundred and eight. Section two hundred and ten, from " or in case " to "legal service thereof, " the words "or affixing such writ in ejectment" and from "and if on such " to " recover his costs." Section two hundred and thirteen, from "in the form, " to the end of the section. Sections two hundred and fifteen and two hundred and sixteen. Section two hundred and seventeen, from "in the form " to " may be brought, " and from " save that it " to the end of the section. Section two hundred and twenty-six. Section two hundred and thirty-six, from " except in " to the end of the section.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 79. - An Act to amend and further extend the Acts for the Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement of Land. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same as follows." Section one, the words "after the passing of this Act."

190

Cfl. 19-

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 80. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to abolish, " and ends with the words "the said Court." In part; namely, — Preamble, und to " as follows." The whole Act except sections seventeen, nineteen to twenty-one, twenty-three, forty-one, sixty, and sixty-one. Section seventeen, from " to the " to " Vice-Chancellor " and from " or attornies " to " Hall." The words "or attorney" wherever they occur in sections seventeen, nineteen, and twenty. Section twenty, the words "or attorney, " " an attorney or " and from " of the High " to the end of the section. Section twenty-three, the words "and junior clerks." Section forty-one, from "upon whose opinion" to " mentioned." Section sixty-one, from "the expression her" to " time being and."

15 & 16 Vict. c. 81. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to consolidate" and ends with the word "Wales." In part; uamely, — Preamble, and to " authority of the same." Sections two and three. Section seven, the words "her heirs or successors." Section nine, the word "That " where it first occurs. The words " General or " wherever they occur iu sections ten, twelve, fifteen, sixteen, twenty, twenty-one, and twenty-six. The words " of the Peace " whenever they occur after the words "sessions " or " session " in sections ten, twelve, fifteen, eighteen, twenty-two, and twenty-three. Section fifteen, the words "or any adjourned quarter session " where those words first occur, and from " or any adjourned " to " was adjourned, " and the words "or adjourned quarter sessions." Section sixteen, the words "or adjourned quarter session of the peace." Section twenty-one, to " Act, " and from "or at any " to " thereof." Section twenty-three, to " Act." Section twenty-five, to " enacted that." Section twenty-six, from " within the " to " England/* and the words "or at any adjournment thereof.* Section thirty-one, the words "from and after the passing of this Act.'* The word " That " where it first occurs in sections thirty-two to thirty-five. Section thirty-three, the word "that " before " every/* Sections thirty-six and thirty-seven. Sections forty seven to fifty. Section fifty-one, the word "that.

1892.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. Ch. 19.

191

Reign and Chapter. Title.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 84. - An Act to make better Provision respecting the Supply of Water to the Metropolis. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same ns follows." Section five, from " the Lords " to "called." The word " said " wherever it occurs before " Board of Trade." Section fifteen, to " Act " where it first occurs. Section seventeen, the words "after the passing of this Act, " where they secondly occur. Section twenty, from "bill" to "or in equity" the words "suit in equity or ", the word "other " next occurring and from " in equity or " to " is made."

15 & 16 Vict. c. 85. - An Act to amend the Laws concerning the Burial of the Dead in the Metropolis. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same as follows." Section twenty, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section forty-five, to " of Health" where those words secondly occur, from " or in case" to "this Act" where those words lastly occur, and the words "Her Majesty's " and " and Public Buildings " respectively occurring twice and " and their successors." Section forty-six. Section forty-eight, the words "and Public Buildings " and " Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

15 & 16 Vict. c. 87. - An Act for the Relief of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same as follows." Section two. Section three, the words "her heirs or successors." Section fifteen, from "by the Act" to " 1850 and" and the word "other." . Section sixteen, to " fifty-two, " from " to be certified " to " chapter eighty-three, " and from " to each of the Lords Justices" to " chapter four, five thousand pounds." Section twenty-one, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Sections twenty-two to forty-one. Section forty-two, to " therefore enacted that." Section fifty-two.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 2. - An Act to amend an Act of the First Year of King George the Fourth for the further Prevention of forging and counterfeiting Bank Notes. In part; namely, — To "the same that" and the words "for the time being."

192

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 15. - An Act to limit the Time of taking the Poll in Counties at contested Elections for Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament in England and Wales to One Day. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " authority of the same." Section one. Section two, to " of such day.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 20. - An Act to alter and amend an Act of the Fifteenth Year of Her present Majesty for amending the Law of Evidence in Scotland. In part; namely, — To " same as follows."

16 & 17 Vict. c. 22. - An Act for making further Provision for the Execution of the Office of Examiner of the High Court of Chancery.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 27. - An Act for empowering the Sheriff and Commissary of Berwickshire to hold Courts at Dunse and for other Purposes. In part; namely, — Title, the words "and Commissary." Preamble, and to " same as follows." Section one, from " the word commissary " to " commissary depute, " and from "and the word" to the end of the section. Section two, to " Act " where it first occurs, and the words "and commissary." Section three to " in the shire; and."

16 & 17 Vict. c. 28. - An Act to amend the Law as to taking the Poll at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Scotland. In part; namely, — Preamble and to " authority of the same." Section five, the word "That" where it first occurs. Section eight. Section nine, to " Provided also that." Section eleven.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 30. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the better" and ends with the words "Criminal Law." In part; namely, — Title from " for the better " to " Children, and." Preamble and to " same as follows." Section two, the words "General or, " wherever they occur, and the words "of the Peace " where they first and thirdly occur. Sections three to eight. Section nine, from "or Common Pleas" to "Exchequer."

16 & 17 Vict. c. 32. - An Act to make further Provision for staying Execution of Judgment for Misdemeanours upon giving Bail in Error.

1892. Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. Ch. 19. 193

Reign and Chapter. Title.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 33. - An Act for the better Regulation of Metropolitan Stage and Hackney Carriages, and for prohibiting the Use of advertising Vehicles. In part; namely, — Preamble and to " of the same, that." Section one. Section two, from " and to recall " to the end of the section. Section three. Section five, to " such carriage; and." Section eight. Section nine, to hackney carriage; and." Section thirteen, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section seventeen, sub-section three, from " or who shall refuse " to the end of the section. Section twenty-two. Schedules B. and C.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 34. - The Income Tax Act, 1853. In part; namely, — To " authority of the same as follows." Section eleven, the words "of the Company " where first occurring, and " the Governor and Company of." Section twenty-six, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section fifty-eight, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

16 & 17 Vict. c. 38. - An Act to extend the Remedies for the Compensation of malicious Injuries to Property in Ireland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " authority of the same that." Section one, from " shall at any time since " to " injured or, " and the words "have heretofore been so sustained or, " and " at any time after the passing or this Act."

16 & 17 Vict. c. 41. - An Act for making further Provisions with respect to Common Lodging Houses. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " sume as follows." Section three, to " this Act." The whole Act except as to the Metropolis as defined by the Public Health Act, 1875.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 45. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to consolidate " and ends with the words "in respect thereof." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same as follows." Section one. Section two, to " ffty-three."

194

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 45. — cont. j Section sixteen, the words "the said Commissioners of, " and " under their hands." Section twenty, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's, " and " the said Commissioners of." Section thirty-one, the words "her heirs and successors."

16 & 17 Vict. c. 48. - An Act for the Punishment of Offences in the Colonies i in relation to the Coin. In part; namely, — (Preamble, and to " authority of the same, as follows." Section two, the words "at the discretion of the court " and from " or for any term " to the end of the section. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 49. - \ An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to extend " and ends with the words "and Ireland." In part; namely, — To " contrary " and the words "have been or hereafter." Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 50. - ] i 1 ! An Act to effect Exchange of Patronage by Archbishops, Bishops, and othei Ecclesiastical Corporations. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " authority of the same, as follows." Section one, the words "for England."

10 & 17 Vict. c. 51. - i !; The Succession Duty Act, 1853. Id part; namely, — Preamble, and to "authority of the same, as follows." Section thirty-one from " alter the time " to " of this Act." Section forty, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

16 & 17 Vict. c. 55. - An Act to make better Provision for the efficient Discharge 1 of the Duties of the Taxing Officer in and for the Common [Law Business in Ireland.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 56. - i An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to facilitate " and ends with the words "Land Revenues." 1 In part; namely, — Preamble, the words "Her Majesty's " and " Forests and Land Revenues, " and from " And whereas " where those words first occur to end of preamble, , and to " authority of the same as follows." Section one, the words "for England, " the words "Her Majesty's " occurring twice, " Forests and j Land Revenues, " " her heirs and successors, " and " under his or their hand or hands, " and from " Lord High " to " of."

1892.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. Ch. 19.

195

Reign and Chapter. Title.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 50. — cont. ' 1 1 Section two, the words "Her Majesty's, " " Forests and Land Revenues, " " for England, " and " her heirs or successors." Section four, to " fifty-three " where those words first occur, and from " and no person " to the end of the section. Section five, the words "Her Majesty's, " except where they last occur, and the following words wherever they occur " Forests and Land Revenues, " "Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of, " "for the time being, " "under his or their hand or hands, " "her heirs or successors, " and the words "her heirs and successors" and "or" before " her heirs." Section six, to " enacted that, " and the words "Her Majesty's " where they first and secondly occur, " Forests and Land Revenues, " and " and Public Buildings." Section seven, to "passing of this Act, " and the words "Her Majesty's " and " Forests and Land Revenues " respectively occurring twice, " for the time being, " and " her heirs and successors." Section eight, the word "That."

16 & 17 VicL c. 58. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to authorise " and ends with the word "Registry." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows (that is to say)." Section one, to " Acts j and " Section two, from " save only " to " any of them." Section four, to " and that."

16 & 17 Vict. c. 59. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to repeal " and ends with the words "Duties in Ireland." In part; namely, — Title, from " to repeal " to " thereof." Section eight, from " and every such additional " to j " stamp duty only." i Section twenty, from " and by four " to " perpetual " where it first occurs, and the words "her heirs and successors for ever."

16 & 17 Vict c. 60. - An Act to amend the Acts regulating the Salaries of Resident Magistrates in Ireland. In part; namely, — Section two, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's, " and from "or other" to "Ireland, " and the words "of the Lord Lieutenant" where the)- last occur.

196

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

fceign and Chapter.

Title.

16 & 17 Vict.

1G & 17 Vict. c. 64. -1G & 17 Vict. c. 65.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 67.

16 & 17 Vict. c> gg

An Act the title of which begin* with the words "An Act to repeal " and ends with the word "Duties."

In part; namely, —

Title, from " to repeal " where those words first occur to " otherwise."

Section seven, to "exchange" where that word first occurs, from " for the time being " to " empowered, " from "the said Governor" to "in Scotland, and, " the wolds "other" and "Banks and, " the word "respectively" twice occurring, and "last mentioned."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for continuing " and ends with the word "Ireland."

An Act to amend the Acts for the Regulation of Parish Vestries.

In part; namely, —

Preamble, and to t:authority of the same as follows." Section one, to " this Act."

An Act for the better Regulation of Public Houses in Scotland.

In part; namely, —

Preamble, and to " authority of the same as follows." Section one.

Section two, from "according to" to "annexed." Section five.

Section six, to " fifty-four, " the words "or stewartry, " from " or to any tacksman " to " in Scotland, " and from " unless such *' to the end of the section. Sections eight to twelve.

Section thirteen, from " And whereas " where those words secondly occur to "also expire, " and from " at any time " to " fifty-four."

Section fourteen.

Section sixteen.

Section seventeen, from " Words " where it secondly ' occurs to " calendar month."

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to limit " and euds with the word "Purposes."

In part; namely, —

Preamble, and to " authority of the same that."

16 & 17 Vict. c. 69.

- An Act to make better Provision concerning the Entry and Service of Seamen, and otherwise to amend the Laws concerning Her Majesty's Navy, lu part; namely, —

Preamble, and to " authority of the same as follows." Section four, to " repealed; and."

Section seven, the words "her heirs or successors " occurring twice.

Section nine, the words "her heirs or successors."

a 892.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. Ch. 19.

197

Roign and Chapter. [i Title.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 73. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the " and ends with the word "Services." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " authority of the same as follows." Section twenty-three, the words "for any time not exceeding six months, " except as to Ireland, and the words "in Scotland and, " and " Scotland and." Section twenty-four, from "in an Act" to "Wales or " and the word "other."

16 & 17 Vict. c. 74. - An Act to reduce the Terras on which the Land Tax in Great Britain may be redeemed or purchased. In part; namely, — To "passing of this Act."

16 & 17 Vict. c. 80. - An Act to facilitate Procedure in the Sheriff Courts in Scotland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "authority of the same as follows." Sections one and three to five. Section six, from " and may always " to " of the court." Sections seven, eight, sixteen, seventeen, and nineteen to twenty-cne. Section twenty-two, the word "advocation." Section twenty-six, from "Provided always" to the end of the section. Section thirty-three. Sections thirty-five and thirty-six. Section thirty-seven, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's" occurring twice, and from "and it shall be lawful " to the end of the section. Section thirty-eight, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section thirty-nine. Sections forty-one to forty-three. Section forty-five. Section forty-seven. Section forty-nine. Schedules (A), (C), (D), (E), and (L).

16 & 17 Vict. c. 83. - The Evidence Amendment Act, 1853. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " authority of the same as follows."

16 & 17 Vict. c. 84. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend, " and ends with the word "Indies." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " authority of the same as follows." Section two, to "enacted that" and the word "said" before "twelfth, " and the word "that" before «it shall."

198

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 85. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for removing, " and ends with the word "Absence." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " authority of the same as follows."

16 & 17 Vict. c. 86. - An Act to remove Doubts as to the Rights of the liberated Africans in Sierra Leone. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " authority of the same as follows." Section two, the words "her heirs and successors."

16 & 17 Vict. c. 89. - An Act to regulate the Admission of Professors to the Lay Chairs in the Universities of Scotland. In part; namely, — To " authority of the same as follows." Section one, to " Act, " where it first occurs. Section seven.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 90. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to repeal, " and ends with the words "Land Tax." In part; namely, — Title, from " to repeal " to " Description and." Section eight, to " Act " where it first occurs.

16^& 17 Vict. c. 91. - An Act to extend for a limited Time the Provision for Abatement of Income Tax in respect of Insurances on Lives. In part; namely, — Preamble, from " And whereas " to end of preamble, and to " authority of the same as follows."

16 & 17 Vict. c. 92. - An Act to diminish the Number of Sheriffs in Scotland, and to unite certain Counties in Scotland in so far as regards the Jurisdiction of the Sheriff.

1*6 & 17 Vict. c. 93. - An Act to enable Burghs in Scotland to maintain and improve their Harbours. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " authority of the same as follows." Section two, from " The expression Board " to " Plantations." In sections two, five, thirteen, sixteen, twenty-one, and twenty-four, the words, " the Lords of, " wherever they occur. Section twenty-seven, the words "for the time being, " " Her Majesty's, " " Forests and Land Revenues, " and " her heirs or successors."

16]& 17 Vict. c. 94. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to extend, " and ends with the word "Scotland." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " authority of the same as follows." Section two.

1892.

Statute Law Bevi&iwi Act, 1892. Ch. 19.

199

Reign and Chapter.

16 & 17 Vict c. 95.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 99.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 107.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 112.

Title.

An Act to provide for the Government of India.

In part; namely, —

Preamble, and to "authority of the same as follows." Section one.

Section sixteen, the words "after the passing of this Act " occurring twice, from " and from and after " to " shall cease, " and from " and to declare " to the end of the section.

Section twenty-eight.

Section thirty-two, from " at any " to " Act, and." Repealed ns to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

An Act to substitute, in certain Cases, other Punishment in lieu of Transportation.

In part; namely, —

Preamble, and to " authority of the same as follows." i Section five, the words "or other chief governor or

governors of Ireland for the time being, " occurring twice, "or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time, " " or are, " and " her, his, or ! their."

Section eight, the words "or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, " and " or their, " and the ! words " or chief governor or governors, " occurring

twice.

Section thirteen, from " or other " to the end of the section.

Sections fifteen and sixteen.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the word "Possessions."

In part; namely, —

I Preamble, and to " authority of the same as follows."

Section three hundred and thirty-two, the words

I " her heirs and successors."

Section three hundred and thirty-five, the words

' " commissioners of the " and " under their hands."

Section three hundred and thirty-six, the words "commissioners of the."

Section three hundred and thirty-seven, the words "said commissioners of the."

Section three hundred and thirty-nine, the words "commissioners of the."

Section three hundred and forty-one, the words "commissioners of the " wherever they occur, and the word "said " occurring twice before " commissioners."

Section three hundred and forty-five, the words "commissioners of the."

The Dublin Carriage Act, 1853.

In part; namely, —

Preamble, and to " authority of the same as follows."

' The words " the city of " in sections forty-eight, fifty, and sixty-nine.

200

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 112. — co nt.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 113.-

Title.

Section sixty-one, from or other Chief" to "of Ireland."

Section seventy-two, the words "General or."

Section eighty, to " enacted that, " from " the word oath " to " case may be, " and from " and every word " to " individuals."

An Act to amend the Procedure in the Superior Courts of Common Law in Ireland.

In part; namely, —

Preamble, and to "authority of the same as follows." Section one.

Section three.

Section four, the words "or baron, " "county of a city or county of a town or city, " and from " and the word affidavit " to " oath."

Sections five to nineteen.

Sections twenty-eight to thirty-five.

Sections thirty-seven to forty-five.

Sections forty-eight to fifty-one.

Sections fifty-three to fifty-nine.

Sections sixty-one to sixty-three.

Sections sixty-eight to ninety-seven.

Section ninety-nine.

Section one hundred and two.

Sections one hundred and eighteen and one hundred and nineteen.

I Section one hundred and twenty-one.

Sections one hundred and twenty-three and one hundred and twenty-four, i Sections one hundred and twenty-seven and one

hundred and twenty-eight.

! Section one hundred and thirty,

The words " the governor and company of" in sections

! one hundred and thirty-one and one hundred and

thirty-two.

j Section one hundred and thirty-six.

! Sections one hundred and thirty-eight to one hundred

! and forty-two.

Section one hundred and forty-seven, the word ! " body."

Sections one hundred and forty-eight to one hundred I and fifty-two.

; Sections one hundred and fifty-four to one hundred

and fifty-eight, j Section one hundred and sixty-one.

i Section one hundred and sixty-three from " and in

such case " to the end of the section, i Sections one hundred and sixty-four to one hundred

' and eighty-eight.

Section one hundred and ninety.

! Sections one hundred and ninety-four to two hundred

i and twenty-seven.

1 Section two hundred and twenty-eight, from " by a

; writ " to the end of the section.

1892.

Statute Law Revision, 1892. Ch. 19.

201

Reign and Chapter. Tide.

16*17 Vict. c. 113. — cont. Section two hundred and thirty-one. Sections two hundred and thirty-three to two hundred and forty. Section two hundred and forty-two. Section two hundred and forty-three to " to this Act annexed/* where those words secondly occur. Schedule A. Schedule B., except the forms numbered 7, 8, 9, and 23. Schedule C. Schedule D. i Schedule E.

16 17 Vict. c. 117. - An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax of Great Britain. In part; namely, — Preamble, uud to " authority of the same as follows." Section one, to " Act " where it first occurs.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 119. - An Act for the Suppression of Betting Houses. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " authority of the same as follows." Section fifteen, except as to Ireland. Section nineteen.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 121.- i An Act for providing Places of Confinement in England ! or Wales for Female Offenders under Sentence of Trans-! portation. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " authority of the same as follows."

1G & 17 Vict. c. 127. - 1 An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to reduce " and ends with the words "in certain cases." In part; namely, — Title from " to reduce " to " carriages, and." Preamble, and to " authority of the same as follows." Section seventeen, the words "from and after the passing of this Act/ *

16 & 17 Vict. c. 129. - j i i An Act further to amend the law relating to Pilotage. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " authority of the same as follows."

16 & 17 Vict. c. 130. - \ 1 An Act to amend the Acts for promoting the Drainage of Lands and Improvements in connexion therewith in Ireland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " authority of the same as follows." The words " said Commissioners of the '* wherever they occur in sections one to four, six, seven, and fourteen. Section one, the words "such Commissioners of." Section four, the words rt Commissioners of the *' where they last occur. Section eight, the word9 "Commissioners of Her Majesty's.' *

202

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

16 & 17 Vict c. 131. - An Act to amend various Laws relating to Merchant Shipping. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " authority of the same as follows." Section twenty eight, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

16 & 17 Vict. c. 134. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the word "Metropolis." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " authority of the same as follows."

16 & 17 Vict. c. 136. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for enabling " and ends with the word "Money." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " authority of the same as follows." Section seven, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's " occurring twice. The words " or other chief governor or governors of Ireland " and " Commissioners of Her Majesty's " wherever they respectively occur in sections eleven, twelve, fifteen, and sixteen. Section twelve, the words "of the Lord Lieutenant." Section seventeen, to "may be situate, " and from "from and after " to " ensuing."

16 & 17 Vict. c. 137.- An Act for the better Administration of Charitable Trusts. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " authority of the same as follows." Section one, the words "and her successors." Section three, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section thirty-two, the words "of any District Court of Bankruptcy or, " from " holden " to " ninety-five, " and the words "District or " wherever they occur. Section thirty-four, the words "District Courts of Bankruptcy or." Section thirty-five, the words "District Court of Bankruptcy or " and the words "District or." Section thirty-six, the words "District Court of Bankruptcy or " from " by the deputy " to " Court or, " and the words "as the case may be." Section thirty-seven, the words "District Court of Bankruptcy or " and " District or" wherever they occur. Section thirty-eight, the words "District Court of Bankruptcy or " and " District Court or " occurring twice, and " for any such." Section thirty-nine, the words "District Court of Bankruptcy or, " from " by the deputy " to " Court or, " where those words next occur, and the words "District Court or, " " district or " wherever they occur respectively, and " as the case may be."

1892. Statute Law Revision A1892. Ch. 19. 203

Reign and Chapter. Titlo. i

16 & 17 Vict. c. 137. — cont. The words "District Court of Bankruptcy or" in sections forty to forty-two, forty-four, fifty-one, and fifty-two. Section forty-five, the words "District Courts of Bankruptcy and." Section fifty-four, the words "District or." Section sixty-six, the definitions of Court of Chancery, County Court, and land.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 8. - An Act further to amend an Act relating to the Valuation of rateable Property in Ireland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section five, from " in the form " to " annexed."

17 & 18 Vict. c. 17. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to make " and ends with the words "public Purposes." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one, to "this Act, " from "or other" to " Governors of Ireland, " the words "or them, " and the word "that " before " the Lord." Section two, the words "or other Chief Governor of Ireland." Section sixteen, from " the word Lord " to " of Ireland, " and the words "county of a city, county of a town, and."

17 & 18 Vict. c. 24. - An Act for granting to Her Majesty an increased Rate of Duty on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

17 & 18 Vict. c. 26. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to assimilate " and ends with the words "in England." In part; namely, — To " and fifty-four."

17 & 18 Vict. c. 31. - An Act for the better Regulation of the Traffic on Railways and Canals. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one, from " the Board of Trade " to " Plantations."

17 & 18 Vict. c. 32. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to facilitate " and ends with the word "Acts." In part; namely, — To " as follows."

204

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 33. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to place" and end9 with the words "Public Buildings." In part; namely, — The words " Her Majesty's " and " and Public Buildings " in the title. Preamble, and to " as follows." Section five, the words "after the passing of this Act." Section seven, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's " where first occurring, and the words "Her MajestyV' (secondly occurring) and "and Public Buildings."

17 & 18 Vict. c. 34. - An Act the title of which begins with the words '* An Act to enable"and ends with the words "United Kingdom." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." The words " or Exchequer " in sections one and three.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 35. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to repeal " and ends with the words "County of Warwick."

17 & 18 Vict c. 38. - An Act for the Suppression of Gaming Houses. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section ten, from " to be holden " to " court awarded, " section eleven to " the case; and, " and section twelve, except as to Ireland. Section fifteen.

17 & 18 Vict. c, 45. - The Dublin Amended Carriage Act, 1854. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " of the same." Section ten, the word "That " where it first occurs.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 57. - An Act to amend the Law relating to the Appointment of Returning Officers in certain cases. In part; namely, — Preamble and to " as follows."

17 <M8 Vict. c. 59. - An Act to allow Verdicts on Trials by Jury in Civil Causes in Scotland to be returned, although the Jury may not be unanimous.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 60. - An Act to amend an Act of the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of Her present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one, from " since the passing " to " confined or, " the words "has provided and supplied or, " the words "already or hereafter to be, " the words "last-mentioned " and " has supplied or, " and the word "hereafter " wherever it occurs. Section two, to " enacted that, " and from " from and after" to "fifty-five."

1892.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. Ch. 19.

205

Seigo and Chapter. i Title.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 67. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to facilitate " and ends w th the word "Ordnance." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " of the same."

17 & 18 Vict. c. 7?. - An Act to amend the Acts for the Regulation of Joint Stock Banks in Scotland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows."

17 & 18 Vict. c. 76. - An Act for the Formation, Regulation, and Government of Convict Prisons in Ireland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section four. Section six. Section seven, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section ten. Section twenty-five, to " this Act." Section twenty-six, the words "of debt or upon the case." Section thirty.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 77. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to provide " and ends with the words "in Council." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 78. - The Admiralty Court Act, 1854.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 80. An Act to provide for the better Registration ot Births, Deaths, and Marriages in Scotland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one, to " Provided also, that." Section two, to "this Act, " und from "and to appoint" to the end of the section. Section three, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's " and from "of the United" to "time being." Section four, the words "said Commissioners of her Majesty's, " and from " and with the like " to the end of the section. Section five, to "secretary, and, " and from "said Commissioners " to "Majesty's." Section eight, from " Provided always " to the end of the section. Section ten, from " Provided always " to the end of the section. Section twelve, to " thereafter." ' Section twenty, from " Provided, that " to " situated, " and the words "after the said thirty-first day of December."

206

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 80. — cont. ScctioD thirty-one, from " and in every " to " been so made, " and the words "by the sheriff." Section forty-six, from "when the certificates" to " accompanied by, " the words "and " and " such schedule" respectively next occurring, from "shall be taken " to " the sheriff and " and the words "by the sheriff." Section fifty, from " and the sheriff " to " and verified, " the words "so verified and signed by the sheriff, " and " so verified, " and from " and for the expenses " to " yearly to the sheriff." i Section fifty-three, from " and each page " to " to the registrars, " and from "and in the first" to ' " examining the duplicates." Section sixty-five, from " and on such complaint " to " same has proceeded, " and from " Provided always " to the end of the section.; Section sixty-seven, the words "her heirs and successors." Section seventy-five.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 81. - 1 An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to make further" and ends with the words "Saint Mary Winchester." In part; namely, — Title, the words "and of the College of Saint Mary "Winchester." Preamble, and to " as follows." Section five, to " cease, and " and the word "said." Section fourteen, from " one thousand " to " samo day." and the word "succeeding." Section sixteen, to " fifty-four." Section twenty-four, from " from the time " to " this Act." Section thirty-nine, the words "or by any of the colleges thereof, " and the words "or college, as the case may be." Section forty, to " and likewise, " and the words "or college, as the case may be." Section forty-three, to " fifty-four."

17 & 18 Vict. c. 82. - The Court of Chancery of Lancaster Act, 1854. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section six, to " enacted, that " and from " shall not " to " aforesaid, but." i Section eleven, to "Be it enacted, that" and the word "said " before " Trustee " and before " Act." Section thirteen, to " Be it enacted, that"

17 & 18 Vict. c. 83. - An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties. In part; namely, — Section eleven, to " enacted that." Section twenty, to " enacted that."

1892.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892.

Ob. 19.

207

Reign and Chapter. Title.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 84. - 1 An Act to extend the Provisions of the Acts for the Augmentation of Benefices. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

17 & 18 Vict. c. 87. - An Act to make further Provision for the Burial of the Dead in England beyond the Limits of the Metropolis. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section twelve.

J7 & 18 Vict 18 Vict. c. 89. - An Act to amend the Laws for the better Prevention of the Sale of Spirits by unlicensed Persons, and for the Suppression of illicit Distillation, in Ireland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." 1 Section twelve, to " Revenue Department, " where those words first occur, fend the word "said" | before " books " and before " Inland." Section fifteen, the words "or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, " and " or other Governors of Ireland."

17 & 18 Vict. c. 90. - An Act to repeal the Laws relating to Usury and to the Enrolment of Annuities. In part; namely, — Title, the words "and to the Enrolment of Annuities." Preamble, and to " as follows."

17 & 18 Vict. c. 91. - 1 An Act for the Valuation of Lands and Heritages in Scotland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section fourteen, the words "three Commissioners of Supply, and, " and " commissioners and " and " respectively, " respectively occurring twice. Section fifteen to " meeting and " where those words first occur. Section sixteen, from " the signature of the convener " to " thereof, and, " and the word "convener" twice thereafter occurring. Section nineteen, the words "from and after the passing of this Act, " occurring twice and from " named as an " to " or the being." Section twenty, the words "Commissioners of her Majesty's " occurring twice and the word "said." Section twenty-three, from " before the fifteenth " where first occurring, to "fifty-five, or, " from "on or before " where those words first occur, to " fifty-five, and " and the word "subsequent " occurring twice. Section twenty-nine, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's " wherever they occur.

208

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 91. — cont. Section thirty-three, the words "other than poor rates.* Section thirty-seven, from "on such complaint* to " proceeded and, " from " either by the '* to " record of evidence, *' and from " Provided always " to the end of the section. Section thirty-eight, from " Provided always *' to the end of the section. Section forty. Section forty-two, the words "where such shootings or deer forests are actually let, *' from " the word ‘oath*' to " Moravian, " and the words "shall include stewartry and.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 94. - An Act to alter the Mode of providing for certain Expenses now charged upon certain Branches of the Public Revenues, and upon the Consolidated Fund. In part; namely, — Preamble and to " as follows.* Section one, to " payable and *' und the word "said wherever it occurs before "charges" and before " schedule, " and from "Provided always" to the end of the section. Section seven, from " from and after *' to " fifty-four and the words "Commissioners of the occurring twice. Section eight, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's " occurring twice. Schedule (A.), the words and figures " and 2 Will. 4. cap. 54."; the paragraph beginning " Compensations, " (except so far as relates to 1 & 2 Vict. c. 118., and JO & 11 Vict. c. 47.) and the paragraph beginning "Charges upon." Schedule (B.) so far as relates to the following charges and the Acts referred to: — Salaries and contingencies of the Audit Office, exclusive of the salaries of the Board. Salaries and contingencies of the Tithe Copy-hold and Inclosure Commission. Salaries and contingencies of the Public Works Loan Office, including the expenses of the Office for West India Islands Relief. Contingent expenses of the Lunacy Commissioners. Salaries of Official Referees and Registrar for Metropolitan Buildings. Salary of the Registrar of Friendly Societies. Salary of the General Superintendent of Turnpike Roads in South Wales. Salaries and contingencies, Queen's Prison. Salary of Clerk of the Patents, Court of Chancery. Salary of Clerk of the Crown, Court of Chancery. Salaries of treasurers of County Courts. Deficiency of fee fund of County Courts to pay salaries of officers, and tho expenses of the said Courts, other than the salaries of judges.

1892

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. Ch. 19.

209

Reign and Chapter.

17 & IS Vict. c. 94. —

cont.

Title.

Expenses of the Crown Office.

Expenses of the Registrar's and Marshal's Office of the High Court of Admiralty.

Remuneration to revising barristers for revising lists of voters in England and Wales.

Deficiency of the fee fund for payment of salaries and contingencies of officers of Court of Queen's Bench, Westminster, excepting masters.

Deficiency of the fee fund for payment of salaries and contingencies of officers of Court of Common Pleas, Westminster, excepting masters.

Deficiency of fee fund for payment of salaries and contingencies of officers of Court of Exchequer, Westminster, excepting masters.

Salaries and allowances of the officers and

clerks of the Court of Queen's Bench, Ireland, excepting masters.

Salaries and allowances of the officers and

clerks of the Court of Common Pleas, Ireland, excepting masters.

Salaries and allowances of the officers and

clerks of the Court of Exchequer, Ireland, excepting masters.

Salaries of taxing officers in common law

business, and of clerks to the same, in Ireland.

Salary of clerk to the Court of Errors, Ireland.

Salaries and contingent expenses of the Insolvent Debtors Court, Ireland, except salaries of commissioners.

Salaries of marshals, chaplains, medical officers (excepting auy salaries now payable under 7 Geo. 4. c. 74); repairs and expenses of the Four Courts Marshalsea, Ireland.

Salaries of justices of police (Commissioners), Dublin.

Office of clerk of writs and appearances and seal expenses (Dublin).

Expenses of judges attending adjourned assizes and special commissions (Ireland), with the-savings and exceptions specified.

Bounty on slaves and tonnage of slave vessels.

Salaries of the Lion King-at-Arms, heralds, and pursuivants.

Difference between dues on British and foreign vessels under treaties of reciprocity.

Treasurers of counties for corn returns, salaries of inspectors, and expenses.

Expenses of carrying out the Merchant Seamen and Mercantile Marine Acts.

Commissioners of Highland Roods and Bridges.

Expenses of Milford Road Fund.

Also the reference in the third column of the said schedule to 3 & 4 Will 4. c. 89.

O

210

Cff. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892.' 55 & 56 VICT.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 96. - An Act the title of which begins with the words " An Act for allowing " and ends with the word " Wares." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

17 & 18 Vict. c. 97. - An Act the title of which begins with the words " An Act to amend " and ends with the word "Land." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " os follows."

17 & 18 Vict. c. 102. - The Corrupt Practices Prevention Act, 1854. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." Section thirty-eight, the word " stewartry." Section thirty-nine.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 103. - The Towns Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1854. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one, so far as relates to the interpretation of the expressions " Lord Lieutenant " and " lodging-house, " and the words "person " and " oath, " from " and shall also include " to " Dublin." and from " words importing " where they first occur to the end of the section. Section four, the words "of Ireland " and " of the Lord Lieutenant." Section fifteen, the words "of Ireland" and "of the Lord Lieutenant " where they first occur. Section nineteen, to " this Act " and the words "of Ireland." Section twenty-two, from " all such poor rates " to "rates, and, " from "the collector, " where those words first occur, to " collector and, " and the words "and barony constables." Section eighty-nine, the words " of Ireland."

17 & 18 Vict c. 104. - The Merchant Shipping Act, 1854. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section two, from " The Treasury " to " Foreign Plantations " and from " Consular officer " to " vice-consul " and from " Person " to " corporate." Section three. Sections one hundred and twenty-five and one hundred and twenty-six. Section one hundred and twenty-seven, the words " excepting the lawful fees payable under this Act." Section four hundred and thirty-eight. Section five hundred and thirty-two, to " sought; and." Section five hundred and thirty-three, to " citation; and, " where those words secondly occur.

1892.

StatvJte LUw .Revision Act, 1892. Ch. 19.

211

Reign and Chapter. Title.

17 A18 Vict. c. 104i — coni. Sections five hundred and thirty-five to five hundred and thirty-seven. Section five hundred and thirty-eight, to " writing j and, " from " such arrestment " to the end of the section. Sections five hundred and forty and five hundred and forty-one. Section five hundred and forty-two, the word "advocation." Section five hundred and forty-three to " Provided always, that." Schedule, Forms A. to O. and Table P.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 105. - The Militia Law Amendment Act, 1854.; In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " that is to say."

17 & 18 Vict. c. 106. - The Militia (Scotland) Act, 1854. In part; Hatnely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

17 & 18 Vict c. 107.- The Militia (Ireland) Act, 1854. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section thirty-six, the words "of Ireland " where they last occur. Section thirty-eight, the words "of the Lord lieutenant." Section forty-two, from " the expression Lord " to "Ireland; and."

17 A18 Vict c. 112. - The Literary and Scientific Institutions Act, 1854. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section two, the words "her heirs and successors."

17 A18 Vict c. 113. - An Act to amend the Law relating to the Administration of the Estates of deceased Persons. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

17 & 18 Vict c. 114. - The University of London Medical Graduates Act, 1854. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

17 & 18 Vict c. 115. - An Act to amend the Law relative to the Removal of Prisoners in Custody.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 116. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to continue " and ends with the words "in England." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one.

212

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 117. - The West Indian Encumbered Estates Act, 1854. In part j namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." The . words " Commissioners of Her Majesty's " wherever thoy occur.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 120. - The Merchant Shipping Repeal Act, 1854. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." Sections three and four. Schedule.

17 & 18. Vict. c. 125. - The Common Law Procedure Act, 1854. In part; namely, — Title from " and of the " to end of title. From " Be it enacted " to " as follows." Sections twenty-one to twenty-seven. Section thirty. Section eighty-seven, the werds " bill of exchange or other." Section eighty-nine. Section one hundred and three.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 15. - An Act for the better Protection of Purchasers against Judgments, Crown Debts, Cases of Lis pendens, and Life Annuities or Rentcharges. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." Section one. Section two, to "as follows." Section four, to " enacted that." Section five, to " as follows." - . Section seven, from " or into the " to " may be " where those words first occur, from " or in the" to " may be, " from " from and after " to " this Act, " and from " or of the said " to the end of the section. Section nine. Section eleven, to " as follows." Section twelve, to " as follows."

18 & 19 Vict. c. 17. - An Act to carry into effect a Convention between Her Majesty and the Ring of Sardinia. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same as follows." Section one. Section two, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section three, the words "said Commissioners of the."

18 & 19 Vict. c. 23. - An Act to alter in certain respects the Law of Intestate Moveable Succession in Scotland. In part; namely, — From " Be it enacted " to " same, as follows." Section eight, to " repealed and."

1892.

Statute Law Revision, 1892. Ch. 19.

213

Reign and Chapter. Title.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 29. - An Act to make further Provision for the Registration of Births, Deaths, and Marriages in Scotland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section three, to "repealed and" and the words "the Commissioners of " and " the said Commissioners of." Section seven, from "and when " to " General " and the word "instead."

18 & 19 Vict. c. 32. - An Act to amend and extend the Jurisdiction of the Stannary Court. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section sixteen, to " enacted, that." Section twenty-three, to " enacted, that." Section thirty-one, to " enacted, that." Section thirty-two, to " as follows." Section thirty-three, to " enacted that."

18 & 19 Vict. c. 35. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to continue " and ends with the words "on Lives." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows."

18 & 19 Vict. c. 36. - An Act to repeal the Stamp Duties payable on Matriculation and Degrees in the University of Oxford. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same as follows." Section two, from " Commissioners " to "Majesty's."

18 & 19 Vict c. 39. - The Leasing Powers Act for Religious Worship in Ireland, 1855. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section three, the words "and her successors, " the words "Her Majesty's " where they next occur, and the words "and Forests, " and "Commissioners of Her Majesty's " where they last occur.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 40. - The Public Libraries Act (Ireland), 1855. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one, to " Acts; aud." Section six, from " or other Chief " to " time being."

18 & 19 Vict. c. 41. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for abolishing" and ends with the words "for Defamation." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one, to " this Act."

214

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 43. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to enable " and ends with the words "on Marriage." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one, to " this Act."

18 & 19 Vict. c. 48. - An Act for the better Administration of Justice in the Cinque Ports. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same as follows." Section one. Section two, to " fifty-five." Section six, to " levied accordingly." Section seven, the words "general or" occurring twice. Section eight, the words "said Commissioners of the."

18 & 19 Vict. c. 50. - An Act to amend the Provisions of the Court of Exchequer (Ireland) Act, 1850.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 55. - An Act the title of which begins with words " An Act to enable" and ends with the words "of Victoria." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same as follows." Section two, from "Provided that so" to "no longer." Section five. Schedule (2) so far as relates to 59 Geo. 3. c. 114, 3 Geo. 4. c. 96., 5 & 6 Vict. c. 36., 7 & 8 Vict. c. 72., and 9 & 10 Vict. c. 104. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions

18 & 19 Vict. c. 56. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to repeal '' and ends with the words "lieu thereof." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Sections one and two. Section three, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

18 A19 Vict. c. 57. - An Act further to amend the Laws relating to the Militia in England. In part; namely, — To " same as follows." Sections five and six.

18 A19 Vict. c. 60. - i An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for excepting " and ends with the words "Gold Wares." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one, to " this Act."

1892.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. Ch. 19.

215

Reign and Chapter. Title.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 62. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the words "in Ireland." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section two, the words "the City of." Schedule, the word "chairman."

18 & 19 Vict. c. 65. The Dublin Amended Carriage Act, 1855. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " of the same." Section one, the word "That."

18 & 19 Vict. c. 6a - The Burial Grounds (Scotland) Act, 1855. In part; namely, — To " same as follows."

18 & 19 Vict. c. 70. - The Public Libraries Act, 1855. In pait; namely, — To " same as follows." Section one to " same Act, and."

[Preamble.]

18 & 19 Vict. c. 78. - An Act to reduce certain Duties payable on Stage Carriages, and to amend the Laws relating to Stamp Duties, and to Bonds and Securities to the Inland Revenue. In part; namely, — Title, from " to reduce " to Carriages, and " and from " and to Bonds " to end of the title. Section four, to " enacted that, " the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's " occurring twice, the word "first-named " and the word "said" where it last occurs.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 79. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the word "Poor." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " of the same." Section one, the word "That" where it first occurs.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 81. - An Act the title of which begins with the words M An Act to amend " and ends with the word "England." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same as follows." Section seven, from " in the year " to " and also, " and the word "subsequent.' '

18 & 19 Vict. c. 84. - An Act to provide for the Performance of certain Duties of the Speaker during his temporary Absence from the House of Commons. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same as follows."

18 & 19 Vict. c. 86. - An Act for securing the Liberty of Religious Worship. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same as follows." Section one, to " this Act " and from " or in an Act" to " thirty-six."

216

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revimon Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict-

Reign and Chapter. Title.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 90. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the Payment, '* and ends with the words "of Exchequer." In part; namely, — Title, from " and for " to end of title. Preamble, and to " same as follows.'* Section two, the words "Commissioners of Her Mfgesty's." Section three.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 91. - The Merchant Shipping Act Amendment Act, 1855. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same as follows." Section seven, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

18 & 19 Vict. c. 93. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the words "in India." Repealed as to all Her Majesty's dominions.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 99. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to enable " and ends with the words "the Sultan." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same as follows." Section one, to " management thereon." The words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's" in sections two and three.

18 & 19 Vict c. 103. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the words "with Sureties." In part; namely, — Title from " and also " to the end of the title. Preamble, and to " same, as follows."

18 & 19 Vict. c. 104. - The Chinese Passengers Act, 1855. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same as follows." Section four, the words "her heirs and successors." Section seventeen.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 109. - The Lunatic Asylums Repayment of Advances (Ireland) Act, 1855. In part; namely, — Preamble, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section one, to " this Act." Section three. Section four, from " to provide for the expense " to " Lunatics in Ireland " and the words "from and after the passing of this Act." Section five, to " passing of this Actand from " to revoke any " to " fit, and " and the word "other " before " persons." Section six, the words "Commissioners of the " and " said Commissioners of the."

1892.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. Ch. 19.

217

Reign and Chapter. Title.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 109. — cont. Section seven, from "the expression" where those words first occur, to " of Ireland " where those words first occur, and the words "or other chief Governor or Governors of Ireland" where those words secondly occur, and from "and the word county " to the end of the section.

[Preamble.]

18 & 19 Vict. c. 110. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to authorise " and ends with the words "in Ireland." In part; namely, — Section nine, the words "said Commissioners of the " occurring twice. Section thirteen, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

18 & 19 Vict. c. 114. - An Act for the Transfer of Licences of Public Houses in Ireland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows."

18 & 19 Vict. c. 115. - The General Board of Health Continuance Act, 1855. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

18 & 19 Vict. c. 116.- The Diseases Prevention Act, 1855.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 117. - The Ordnance Board Transfer Act, 1855. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

18 19 Vict. c. 119. - The Passengers Act, 1855. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same as follows." Section three, from " the expression Her Majesty " lo " vice-consul." The scale of voyages comprised in section thirty. The words " her heirs and successors " in sections sixty-three, sixty-six, and sixty-seven, and the words "Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's " in section sixty-six. The words "or steward" "or steward substitute" and " or stewartry " wherever they respectively occur in sections sixty-seven and eighty-six. Section eighty-five, the words "according to the form in the Schedule (N) hereto annexed, " from " or the justice " to " costs of the proceedings " and from " for any term " to " paid and satisfied; " except as to Ireland. Section eighty-seven. Section eighty-eight, the words "and her successors " and from " Lord High " to "Majesty's." Schedule (L.) and (except as to Ireland) S«l'dules (N.) and (0.).

218

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

18 & 19 Vict. fc. 120k - i The Metropolis Management Act, 1855. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same as follows." Section seven, the word ‘‘first" and from "shall be holden" to "subsequent election." Section nine, to " fifty-nine ... and, " and the words "after the first election." Section ten, the words "except the first." Section twelve, the word "first" and from "shall go " where those words first occur to " thereafter elected." Section seventeen, from " at such hour " to " fifty-five and, " and the words "in all other cases." Section thirty-two. Section thirty-nine, to " meet; and " and the word "subsequent." Sections forty-three to fifty-three. The words " the Metropolitan Board of Works, or of " in sections fifty-four to fifty-seven. Section fifty-five, from "such resignation of any member " to " such board and." The words " the Metropolitan Board of Works and " in sections fifty-eight, sixty, sixty-two, and sixty-six. Section sixty-three, the words "the Metropolitan Board or." Section sixty-eight, to " of this Act." Section eighty-one, to " Act " where it first occurs. Sections one hundred and forty-five to one hundred and forty-seven. Section one hundred and forty-eight, from "and all persons who " to the end of the section. Section one hundred and ninety-two, the words "The Metropolitan Board of Works, " where those words first occur. Section one hundred and ninety-three. Section one hundred and ninety-five, to " Board, and " where those words first occur; the words "him or" wherever they occur; the words "of the Metropolitan Board of Works or; " the words "auditor Or " wherever they occur; the words "his or" wherever they occur; the words "he or, " " he and, " " is and, " and " hand or." Section one hundred and ninety-six, the words "auditor or " wherever they occur; the words "of the Metropolitan Board of Works and; " the words "he or" wherever they occur; and the words "has or." Section two hundred, the words "Her Majesty's " where they secondly occur, and " and Public Buildings." Section two hundred and thirty-eight, from "A member " to " the parishes mentioned in the said Schedule (A.)."

1892.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. Ch. 19.

219

Reign and Chapter. Title.

18 A19 Vict. c. 120. — coni. Section two hundred and forty, the words "Her Majesty's " and " and Public Buildings/* Section two hundred and forty-one, the words "for the time being* where they first occur, "Her Majesty's, " and Public Buildings, and " her heirs or successors.* Section two hundred and forty-three. Section two hundred and forty-six. Section two hundred and forty-nine. Schedules (A.) and (B.) so far as they relate to the election of members of the Metropolitan Board of Works.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 122. - The Metropolitan Building Act, 1855. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to ‘‘ follows (that is to say).'* Section two. Section three, from "The Treasury" to "Treasury." Section six, the words "her heirs and successors, " and from " The offices and buildings of the Honourable" to "and buildings* where those words next occur. Sections one hundred and thirteen and one hundred and fourteen.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 124. - The Charitable Trusts Amendment Act, 1855. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same as follows/* The words " the Governor and Company of* wherever they occur in sections twenty, twenty-four, twenty-five, and twenty-eight.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 126. - An Act for diminishing Expense and Delay in the Administration of Criminal Justice in certain cases. In part; namely, — To " same as follows.* Section five, from " under the Act to " twenty-one, or.* Section ten. Section fourteen, from " when granted in England to " same, and *' where those words next occur, and from " and all certificates to " fifty-five/' Section fifteen. Section sixteen, to " District, or/* Section seventeen, from " of the Act* where those words first occur to " larceny, or/* Section twenty-one.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 128. - The Burial Act, 1855. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same as follows.* Section one, from "and every" to the end of the section. Section nine, to " repealedbut." Section sixteen, the word "that " wherever it occurs.

22a

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 131. - An Act the title of which begius with the words "An Act to render " and ends with the words "of Education." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same as follows." Section one, the words "the Lords Commissioners of " where they first occur, and the words "for the time being" wherever they occur.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 134.- An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to make further provision " and ends with the words "and sale thereof." In part; namely, — Title, from " and to vest " to the end of the title. The whole Act, except section sixteen.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 1. - An Act to regulate certain Offices of the House of Commons. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same as follows." Section one, the words "hereafter" and "present and future."

19 & 20 Vict c. 2. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Metropolitan Police.

In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same as follows." Section three, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section four.

19 & 20 Vict c. 3. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to extend " and ends with the words "and forty-six." In port; namely, — Preamble, and to " same as follows." Section one, the word "That " where it first occurs.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 9. - An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Advance of Public Money to promote the Improvement of I And. In part j namely, — Preamble, and to " same as follows." Section one, the words "Commissioners of the." Section two, the words "Commissioners of the." Section three, to " repealed; and." Section four, the words "The Commissioners of" and " the Governor and Company of." Section six, to " repealed; and." Section nine, to " repealed; and." Section fourteen, from "except" to "one hundred, " and from " and such expression " to the end of the section.

19 & 20 Vict c. 16. - An Act to empower the Court of Queen's Bench to crder certain Offenders to be tried at the Central Criminal Court. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same as follows." Section one, the word "said " where it first occurs before " Central, " the words "either before or after

1892.

Statute Law Revision, 1892. Ch. 19.

221

Reign and Chapter. Title.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 16. — cont. the passing of this Act " and from " in term " to next following " in vacation " where those words twice occur. Section three, from " in term time " to next following " vacation " where those words twice occur. Section six, the words "or to any judge thereof, " and " or the said judge thereof." Section ten, from " Provided also, that it shall be " to the end of the section. Section twenty-one. Section twenty-four. Section twenty-five, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section twenty-six, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Sections twenty-seven and twenty-eight. Schedules.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 18. - An Act to authorise for a further period the Application of Money for the Purposes of Loans for carrying on Public Works in Ireland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same as follows." Section seven, to "Company of." Section eleven, the words "said Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

19 & 20 Vict. c. 20. - An Act to continue certain Compositions payable to Bankers who have ceased to issue Bank Notes. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same as follows."

19 & 20 Vict. c. 29. -19 & 20 Vict. c. 36. - An Act to extend the Powers of the Trustees and Director of the National Gallery, and to authorize the Sale of Works of Art belonging to the Public. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same as follows." Section one, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." An Act for the better Preservation of the Peace in Ireland.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 37. An Act to amend the Act for transferring to Counties in Ireland certain works constructed wholly or in part with the Public Money. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same as follows." The words " Commissioners of Her Majesty's " in sections one and three. Section three, to " be extended." Section four, the word "That."

19 & 20 Vict. c. 39. - An Act to carry into effect a Convention respecting a Loan by Her Majesty to the King of Sardinia. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same as follows." Section one, to " behalf; and."

222

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

19 & 20 Vict 20 Vict. c. 41. - An Act to make further Provision for the Establishment of Savings Banks for Seamen. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same as follows."

19 & 20 Vict 20 Vict. c. 46. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to exempt" and ends with the words "small Amount." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " of the same." Section one, the word "That."

19 & 20 Vict. c. 48. An Act for amending the Procedure before Magistrates and Justices of the Peace in Scotland. In part; namely, — The whole Act except section four.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 50. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to enable " and ends with the words "such Persons." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

19 & 20 Vict. c. 54. - An Act to facilitate the Despatch of Business before Grand Juries in England and Wales. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same as follows." Section one, to " of this Act " and the words "or affirmation " " or affirm." Section two, to " of this Act." Section three, from " and the word " to the end of the section.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 55. - An Act for transferring the Powers of the Church Building Commissioners to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England. In part; namely, — Title, the words "for England." Preamble, and to " same as follows." Section one, to "such commission" and the words "for England " occurring twice. Section two.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 56. - An Act to constitute the Court of Session the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and to regulate Procedure in Matters connected with the Exchequer. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same as follows." Section two, the words "her heirs and successors." Section four, from " and it shall be " to the end of the section. Section twenty-two, the words "and her royal successors, " and " Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section forty-five.

1892.

Statute Law Revision Act 1892. Ch. 19.

223

Reign and Chapter. Title.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 58. - An Act the title of which begins with* the words An Act to amend " and ends with the words "in Scotland." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same as follows." Section seven, from "as soon as" to "of the same, " and from " and failing such " to " passing of this Act" Section twenty-six, from " and produce " to the end of the section. Section twenty-eight Section thirty-seven, from " and it shall not be competent " to the end of the section. Section thirty-eight, the words "or court of appeal " occurring thrice. Section thirty-nine, from "subject to" to "under this Act." Section forty, the words "or court of appeal." Section forty-one, the words "and court of appeal " and " or court of appeal."

19 & 20 Vict. c. 59. - An Act to alter the Mode of providing for certain Expenses now charged upon certain Parts of the Public Revenue. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same as follows." Section one, to " Kingdom; and, " and the word "said " wherever it occurs. Schedule (A).

19 & 20 Vict. c. 60. - An Act to amend the Laws of Scotland affecting Trade and Commerce. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." The words " From and after the passing of this Act " in sections one, six, nine, and seventeen. The words "after the passing of this Act" in sections two, five, eight, and nineteen.

19 & 20 Vict 20 Vict. c. 62. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to provide, " and ends with the words "in Ireland." In part; namely, — Section thirty-eight, to Majesty " where that word first occurs.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 63. - An Act to amend the Acts relating to Grand Juries in Ireland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section nine, to " Dublin " where that word first occurs, and the word "said." Section twelve, to " repealed; and." Section fifteen, to " enacted that " and the words "that " and " so." Section eighteen, to " enacted, that, " and the word "said " before " Summary."

224

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892, 55 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapten. Title.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 65. - The Cottier Tenant (Ireland) Act, 1856. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same as follows: "

19 & 20 Vict. c. 68. - An Act to further amend the Laws relating to Prisons in Ireland. In part, namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one, from " the sixth " to " the Fourth." Section two, so far as relates to the interpretation of " Lord Lieutenant." Section three, the words "From and after the passing of this Act " twice occurring, " the Four Courts Marshalsea, or, " "Marshalsea" before "prison, " " the said Marshalsea, or " (twice occurring), and from " And provided further " to the end of the section. Sections four to six. Section seven, from "andat any assizes" to the end of the section. Sections eight to ten. Section twelve, to " mentioned; and." Sections eighteen and nineteen. Sections twenty-four and twenty-five. Section twenty-six, to " repealed; and " and the words "of the Lord Lieutenant." Section twenty-seven, to "same; and" and from "and it shall be lawful" to "superintendence" where that word last occurs. Section thirty. Sections thirty-five to fifty-four.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 69. - An Act to render more effectual the Police in Counties and Boroughs in England and Wales. _ In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." The words " Commissioners of Her Majesty's" in sections fifteen and sixteen. Section seventeen. Section eighteen, from " under the Act " to " ninety, or, " and the words "under the said Act of the third and fourth years of King William the Fourth, or." Section twenty-three, to " assembled; and." Section twenty-four. Section thirty, from " and every part of the Cinque Ports " to the end of the section.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 77. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the words "said Court." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

1892.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. Ch. 19.

225

Reign and Chapter. Title.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 79. - The Bankruptcy (Scotland) Act, 1856. In part j namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one, from <(and shall " to the end of the section. Section three, the words <(awarded on and after the said date." Sections forty-four to forty-seven. Section seventy-seven. Section ninety-seven. Section one hundred and thirty-two. Section one hundred and forty-eight, the words "or her successors " " Commissioner of Her Majesty's " and " for the time being." Section one hundred and forty-niile, the words "the Lords Commissioners of." Section one hundred and sixty-seven, from "for which purpose " to the end of the section. Section one hundred and sixty-eight. Section one hundred and eighty, the words i(Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section one hundred and eighty-two, to " this Act." Section one hundred and eighty-four, to " this Act.' *

19 & 20 Vict. c. 80. - An Act the title of which begins with, the words "An Act to grant " and ends with the words "Land Tax." In part; namely, — Title, from " to alter to the end of the title. Preamble, and to as follows." Section one, to " enacted that."

19 & 20 Vict. c. 83. - The Coast Guard Service Act, 1856. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same as follows." Section two, from " The Commissioners " where those words first occur to " Customs " where that word last occurs, and the words "the Commissioners of" subsequently occurring twice. The words " the Commissioners of " wherever they occur in sections three to five and eight except before " Customs " in section five. # Section three, the words "under their hands." Section four, the words "her heirs and successors."

19 & 20 Vict. c. 88. - An Act to make further Provision for the good Government and Extension of the University of Cambridge, of the Colleges therein, and of the College of King Henry the Sixth at Eton. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same as follows." Section five, to " cease, and " and the word "said." Section seven, from " on or " where first occurring to " and also." Sections forty-two and forty-three. Section forty-five, to " fifty-six." Section forty-six, to " fifty-six." P

226

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. j Title.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 89. - An Act to abolish certain unnecessary Forms in the framing of Deeds in Scotland.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 91. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the words "in Scotland." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section three, to " enacted, that."

19 & 20 Vict. c. 92. - The Chancery Appeal Court (Ireland) Act, 1856. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section three, from " and every judge" to the end of the section. Sections four, five, seven to nine, eleven to eighteen. Section nineteen, from " which salaries " to the end of the section. Section twenty, from u and such annuity " to " his death, " and from " Provided also " to the end of the section. Sections twenty-two to twenty-eight.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 93. - The Commissioners of Supply (Scotland) Act, 1856. In part; namely, — To " same as follows."

19 & 20 Vict. c. 94. -19 & 20 Vict. c. 96. - An Act for the uniform Administration of Intestates Estates. An Act for amending the Law of Marriage in Scotland. In port; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

19 & 20 Vict 20 Vict. c. 97. - The Mercantile Law Amendment Act, 1856. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section three, the words "after the passing of this Act." Section nine, from " or when " to " of this Act."

19 & 20 Vict. c. 99. - The Lunatic Asylums Superannuations, Ireland, Act, 1856. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to as follows."

19 & 20 Vict. C. 100. - An Act to amend the Law with respect to the Election of Directors of Joint Stock Banks in England. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " that is to say." Section one. Section two, the words "after the passing of this Act."

19 & 20 Vict. c. 102. - The Common Law Procedure Amendment Act (Ireland), 1856. In part; namely, — From " Be it enacted" to "as follows." Sections four and five. Section twenty-two, so far as it relates to the Supreme Court of Judicature. Sections twenty-five to thirty. Sections thirty-eight to fifty.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. Ch. 19.

227

1892.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

19 & 20 Vict c. 102. — cont. Sections fifty-five to fifty-nine. Sections sixty-two to seventy-five. Section seventy-seven. Sections eighty-one to eighty-three. Sections eighty-five to eighty-eight. Section ninety-six. Section ninety-seven, the words "after the commencement of this Act." Section ninety-eight, so far as it relates to sections twenty-three and twenty-four. Section one hundred and three.

19 A20 Vict. c. 104. - The New Parishes Act, 1856. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows: That." Section eleven, to " this Act." The words " for England " in sections twenty-seven, thirty, and thirty-three.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 112. - The Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1856. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Sections four and five.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 113. - The Foreign Tribunals Evidence Act, 1856. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to u as follows."

19 & 20 Vict. c. 114. - An Act to prevent false Packing and other Frauds in the Hay and Straw Trade. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

19 & 20 Vict. c. 116. - 1 An Act for the Appointment of a Vice-President of tho Committee of Council on Education. In part; namely, — j To " as follows."

19 & 20 Vict. c. 117. - An Act to amend the Law relating to the Relief of the Poor in Scotland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section three, the words "after the passing of this Act."

19 & 20 Vict. c. 118. - . An Act to amend the Act of the last Session of Parliament for diminishing Expense and Delay in the Administration of Criminal Justice in certain Cases. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one, to " division; and."

228

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 119.- An Act to amend the Provisions of the Marriage and Registration Acts. In part; namely, — Preamble and to "as follows."

20 Vict. c. 1. An Act to amend the Act for limiting the Time of Service in the Royal Marine Forces. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

20 Vict. c. 2. The County Police Act, 1857. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows."

20 Vict. c. 11. An Act to amend the Commissioners of Supply (Scotland) Act, 1856. In part; namely, — To " same as follows."

20 Vict. c. 12. An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the words "certain Cases." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one, the words "from and after the passing of this Act."

20 Vict. c. 19. An Act to provide for the Relief of the Poor in Extra-parochial Places. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one, to " fifty-seven." Section three, from " and in the " to " registrar " where that word next occurs, and the words "or place " and " or registrar."

20 & 21 Vict. c. 1. - An Act for the Amendment of the Cinque Ports Act. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

20 & 21 Vict. c. 3. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the word "Transportation." In part; namel} ', — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section two, the words "After the commencement of this Act" wherever they occur, and from "Provided always " to the end of the section. Section three, to " other cases " and the words "now or hereafter." Section four, the words "or Chief Governor or Governors." Section five, the words "from and after the passing of this Act." Sections seven and eight. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

1892.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. Ch. 19.

229

Reign and Chapter. Title.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 6. - An Act to alter the Constitution and amend the Procedure of the Court of Exchequer Chamber in Ireland.

20 & 21 Vict 21 Vict. c. 7. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to revive" and ends with the words and figures "the Act 19 & 20 Vict c. 36." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one, to "fifty-nine; and" and the words "hereby revived and." Section six.

20 & 21 Vict 21 Vict. c. 11. - The Militia (Ireland) Act, 1857. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

20 & 21 Vict. c. 13. - An Act to facilitate the procuring of Sites for Workhouses in certain Cases. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

20 & 21 Vict. c. 15. An Act the title of which begins with the words u An Act to amend " and ends with the word "Ireland." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same as follows."

20 & 21 Vict. c. 17. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the words "Force in Ireland."

20 & 21 Vict. c. 18. - An Act to regulate Procedure in the Bill Chamber in Scotland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section two, the words "her heirs and successors." Section three. Section four, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section six, the words "said Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

20 & 21 Vict. c. 19. - The Bankruptcy and Real Securities (Scotland) Act, 1857. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

20 & 21 Vict. c. 23. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to authorise" and ends with the word "District." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one, the word "That." Section two, the words "within five years." Section three, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's, " "said Commissioners of Her Majesty's, " and " said Commissioners of the."

.230 Cp.19. Statute Law Revision Act, 1802. 55 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 25. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to continue " and ends with the words "said Act.* In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows."

20 A21 Vict. c. 26. - The Registration of Leases (Scotland) Act, 1857. In part; namely, — To " as follows." Section one, to " this Act " where those words first occur, and from "or in the particular" to "are situated." Section eight, the words "or special." Schedule F., the words "and duly retoured to Chancery."

20 A21 Vict. c. 81. - The Inclosure Act, 1857. In part.; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section five, the words "Her Majesty's " and " Forests and Land Revenues, " and the words "her heirs or successors" where they secondly occur and " heirs and successors " twice occurring.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 33. - An Act to regulate certain Proceedings in relation to the Election of Representative Peers for Ireland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section two, the words "of Chancery " and from " or in Her Majesty's " to " or Ireland " where those words next occur.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 34. - An Act to explain an Act for the Settlement of the Boundaries between the Provinces of Canada and New Brunswick. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " of the same." Section one, the word "That."

20 & 21 Vict. c. 35. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the words "Liberties thereof." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

20 & 21 Vict c. 39. - The Colonial Attornies Relief Act. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section three, from "and enrolled" where those words last occur, to " England, and, " and the words "of Chancery." Section four, the words "attorney or " where they first occur. Section five, the words "to act as" where they first occur. Section six, the words "an attorney or, " " attornies or, " and " as the case may be." Section seven, the words "attornies or."

1892.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. Ch. 19.

231

Reign and Chapter. Title.

2k) & 21 Vict. <*40. - An Act the title of which begins with words " An Act to continue, " and ends with the words "certain Purposes." In part, namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." Section four, from " or other " to " of Ireland, " and the words "or they." Section seven.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 42. - An Act to amend the Burial Grounds (Scotland) Act, 1855. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

20 & 21 Vict 21 Vict. c. 43. An Act to improve the Administration of the Law so far us respects Summary Proceedings before Justices of the Peace. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

20 & 21 Vict. c. 44. - An Act to regulate the Institution of Suits at the Instance of the Crown and the Public Departments in the Courts in Scotland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one, the words "her heirs and successors." Section four, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's" first occurring, "Her Majesty's" secondly occurring, "and Forests, " and "and Public Buildings."

20 & 21 Vict. c. 45. An Act to make Provision for defining the Boundaries of certain Denominations of Land in Ireland for public Purposes. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

20 & 21 Vict. c. 51. - An Act to guarantee a Loan for the Service of New Zealand. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." The words " Commissioners of Her Majesty's " wherever they occur.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 52. - An Act for discharging claims of the New Zealand Company on the Proceeds of Sales of Waste Land in New Zealand. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

[Preamble.]

20 & 21 Vict. c. 53. - An Act to amend the Act for granting a Representative Constitution to the Colony of New Zealand. In part; namely, — Section two, from " so much " to " Council, " from " three " to " twenty-nine, " the word "seventy-three, " and from "But no" to the end of the section. Section three. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

232

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict *

Reign and Chapter. Title.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 56. - An Act to regulate the Distribution of Business in the Court of Session in Scotland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section seven, the words "after the first day of November next."

20 & 2i Vict. c. 57. - An Act to enable Married Women to dispose of Reversionary Interests in Personal Estate. In part; namely, — To " as follows."

20 & 21 Vict. c. 58. - An Act to amend the Act, seventeenth and eighteenth of Victoria, for the Valuation of Lands in Scotland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

20 & 21 Vict. c. 60. - The Irish Bankrupt and Insolvent Act, 1857. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " of the same." Section four, so far as it defines " month " and " oath, " also the words "or the masculine gender, " from "several matters" to "person, and, " and from " and females " to the end of the section. Sections five and six. Section forty, the words "the Commissioners of." Section fifty-three, to " of this Act." Sections seventy-nine and eighty. Section eighty-three. Section one hundred and seventy-one, the words "her heirs or successors." Section three hundred and' nineteen, the words "Lords Commissioners of the."

20 & 21 Vict. c. 64. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for raising" and ends with the word Police " In part; namely, — Title, from " for raising " to " Police and." Preamble, and to " that is to say." Section eleven, to " county rate " where those words secondly occur.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 68. - An Act to enable the Lord Lieutenant to appoint Revising Barristers for the Revision of Lists and Registry of Voters for the City of Dublin. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " that is to say."

20 & 21 Vict. c. 70. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to provide " and ends with the word "Purposes." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section eight, to " sixty-five: and."

1892.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. Ch. 19.

233

Reign and Chapter. Title.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 71. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the Regulation " and ends with the words "in Scotland." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section three, the words "and shall include steward clerk and steward clerk depute" and from "and the word month " to end of section. The words " Commissioners of Her Majesty's, " in sections four, fourteen, fifteen. Section thirteen, the words "and her heirs and successors." Section thirty-three, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's " except where they thirdly occur, the words "such Commissioners of, " and the word "said " where it last occurs. Section one hundred and six, from "and may be " to "or procurator fiscal, " from "and on such" to " has proceeded, " and from " Provided always " to the end of the section. Section one hundred and seven, from "Provided that " to the end of the section. Section one hundred and eight, from "be set" to " the same, " and the word "advocation." Section one hundred and ten.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 72. - An Act to render more effectual the Police in Counties and Burghs in Scotland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one, to " and fifty-seven " where those words first occur, from " hold a meeting " to " proceed to, " from " from and after " to " fifty-eight, " and from " and for that purpose " to the < nd of the section. Section two, from " at their first " to " day of April, " and from " certain of their own " to " shall be called." Section four, from "from and after" to "fifty-eight." Section thirty-two, the words "the rogue money and " " such rogue money and " and rogue money and." Section thirty-three, the words "any assessment of rogue money or." Sections thirty-five to thirty-nine. Sections forty-four to forty-ninew Section fifty J from "of the convener" to "supply or " next thereafter occurring, the words "of the whole commissioners of supply or, " and the word "convener" twice thereafter occurring. Section fifty-one. Section fifty-four, to " also, that." Section fifty-seven, from "Provided always" to the end of the section. Sections sixty-five and sixty-six, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

, 234

Ch. 19.

Statute Lam Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. I Title.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 72. — cont. Section sixty-seven. ' Section sixty-eight, from " on such complaint '* to " proceeded end, " from " to proceed to to " complaint and, '* from "either by" to "record of evidence, " and from "Provided always" to the rad of the section. Section sixty-nine, from " Provided always " to the end of the section. Sections seventy to seventy-three. Section seventy-eight, the words "include stewartry and shall, " the words "or stewartry twice occurring, and from "and the word month" to the end.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 73. - An Act for the Abatement of the Nuisance arising from the Smoke of Furnaces in Scotland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one, to " fifty-eight, " where those words first occur, and from " after the first " to " fifty-eight, where those words next occur. Section four, from "and such petition" to "forth the same, " from "shall thereupon appoint" to " after such completion, and from " for a period to the end of the section. Section five, to " Provided always that."

20 & 21 Vict 21 Vict. c. 77. - An Act to amend the Law relating to Probates and Letters of Administration in England. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same as follows." Section one. Section three. Section twenty-seven. Section twenty-eight, from "or any term* to the end of the section. Section thirty, to " into operation where those words instly occur. Sections thirty-two to thirty-nine. Section sixty. Section sixty-five. Section ninety, to " Act; and.'* Section ninety-four, to "Be it enacted" and the words "attorney or." Sections ninety-five to one hundred and one. Section one hundred and fifteen. Section one hundred and seventeen, the words "her heirs or successors and " her heirs and successors." Section one hundred and eighteen. Section one hundred and nineteen, the words "and the table of fees to be fixed under this Act."

1892. Statute. JjClw Revision. 1892. Ch. 19. -235

Reign and Chapter. Title.

20 & 21 Vict 21 Vict G. 79. r An Act to amend the Law- relating to Probates and Letters of Administration in Ireland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." Section one. Section two, so far as relates to the Lord Lieutenant. Section five. Sections seven and eight. Section fifteen. The words 4< Commissioners of Her Majesty's " wherever they occur in sections eighteen, twenty-three, one hundred and nine, one hundred and fourteen to one hundred and seventeen. Sections forty-six to forty-nine. Section seventy-nine, to enacted that." Section eighty-four, the words after the commencement of this Act." Section ninetyfour, to operation." Section ninety-five, to operation/' Section ninety-seven, to this Act; and." Sections one hundred and two to one hundred and four. Section one hundred and six. Sections one hundred and ton to one hundred and thirteen. Section one hundred and fifteen, the words "Commissioners of the " and after the commencement of this Act." Sections one hundred and seventeen to one hundred and nineteen.

20 & 21 Vict. C. 81. The Burial Act, 1857. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to as follows." Section twelve, the words United " and and Ireland " where they respectively twice occur. Section sixteen, to Burial Acts." Section eighteen. Section twenty-nine.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 83. - An Act for more effectually preventing the Sale of Obscene Books, Pictures, Prints, and other Articles. In port; namely, — Preamble, and to as follows; "

20 & 21 Vict. c. 85. - The Matrimonial Causes Act, 1857. In part; namely, — Section one. Section two, to operation." Section three. Section six, to operation." Sections eight to eleven. Section fifteen. Sections forty-seven and forty-eight.

236

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892, 55 & 56 Vict.

Deign and Chapter. I Title.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 85. — cont. Section forty-nine, from " Provided that " to the end of the section. Sections fifty-one and fifty-two. Section fifty-four to " always, that" Section fifty-five, the words "whose decision shall be final." Sections fifty-nine to sixty-five. Sections sixty-seven, the words "or fixing or regulating fees."

21 & 22 Vict. c. 3. An Act for enabling the East India Company to raise Money in the United Kingdom for the Service of the Government of India. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section ten. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 11. - An Act to repeal the Stamp Duties payable on Matriculation and Degrees in the University of Cambridge. In p; irt; namely, — Preamble, and to " as fellows." Section two, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

21 & 22 Vict c. 22. - An Act to abolish Franchise Prisons.

21 & 22 Vict c. 25. - The Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1858. In part; namely, — Title, the words "and concerning Vaccination." Preamble, and to " as follows." Section four, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

21 & 22 Vict. c. 27. The Chancery Amendment Act, 1858. In part; namely, — Title, the words "the High Court of Chancery, " and from " and the Court " to the end of the title. Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one, from " shall commence " to " fifty-eight, and." Section three, the words "and in respect of new trials." Section five, from " Provided that " to the end of the section. Section seven. Section eight, the word and figures " and VII." Sections nine and twelve.

21 & 22 Vict 22 Vict. c. 33. - An Act for the better Management of County Rates.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 35. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to remove " and ends with the word "Albreda." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "same as follows."

1892.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. Ch. 19.

237

Reign and Chapter. Title.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 42. - An Act for shortening the Time of Prescription in certain Cases in Ireland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

21 & 22 Vict. c. 44. - The Universities and College Estates Act, 1858. In part j namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section fifteen, to " this Act." Section sixteen, to " this Act." The words " after the passing of this Act " in sections nineteen and twenty.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 45. - An Act tho title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the words "said County." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " of tho same." Section one, the word "That." The words "Her Majesty's" wherever they occur, except in section two. The words " for England, " Forests and Land Revenuea, " and " her heirs and successors, " wherever they occur.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 47. - An Act to amend the Law of False Pretences.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 49. - An Act to provide for the Belief of Her Majesty's Subjects professing the Jewish Religion. In part; namely, — To " as follows." Section four, tho words "her heirs or successors" (twice occurring), from " or Lord " to " or Governors, " the words "United " and " and Ireland."

21 & 22 Vict. c. 50. - An Act to continue certain temporary Provisions concerning Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction in England. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same, that."

21 & 22 Vict. c. 52. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to appoint" and ends with the words "in Ireland." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section three, to " this Act."

21 & 22 Vict. c. 56. - The Confirmation and Probate Act, 1858. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one. Section two, to " date aforesaid, " and from " instead of" to "from the commissary."

238

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 56. — cont. Section four, from " in place of" to " to be published." Section five, from " in terms of" to " therein set forth." Section nine, to "date aforesaid, " and from "Provided that " to " domicile, " and the word "also." Section twelve, to "date aforesaid, " and the words "in manner aforesaid be found to." Section thirteen, to " date aforesaid, " and the words "so be found to." Section fourteen, to " date aforesaid." Section twenty, to " depute; and."

21 & 22 Vict. c. 57. - The Ecclesiastical Leasing Act, 1858. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section ten, from " and also save " to the end of the section.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 64. - An Act to make further Provision for the Practice of Vaccination in Ireland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

21 & 22 Vict. c. 65. - An Act to amend an Act of the last Session, to render more effectual the Police in Counties and Burghs in Scotland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

21 & 22 Vict 22 Vict. c. 68. - An Act to amend the Law concerning detached Parts of Counties.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 69. - An Act to impose Fees on the Branding of Barrels under the Acts concerning the Herring Fisheries in Scotland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." Section one, to " fifty-eight, " and the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section two.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 71. - An Act to substitute in certain Cases the Bishop of one Diocese for the Bishop of another as a Trustee of certain Trusts. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one, the words "for England and Wales."

21 & 22 Vict. c. 72. - An Act to facilitate the sale and transfer of land in Ireland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one, so far as it relates to the Treasury. Sections four to seven. The words " Commissioners of Her Majesty's " in sections nine, thirteen, twenty, and eighty-eight.

1892.

' Statute Law Revision, 1892. Ch. 19.

239

Reign and Chapter. | Title.

21 & 22 Vict 22 Vict. c. 72. — cant. Section eighteen, from " and the first " to the end of the section. Section nineteen, from and such annuity " to "day of his death." Sections twenty-two, thirty, thirty-two, forty-one and forty-two. Section sixty-one, the words "her heirs and successors." The words " Her Majesty's " and " Forests and Land Revenues " in sections sixty-two, and sixty-eight. Section sixty-two, the words "or her successors" twice occurring. Section eighty-eight, the words "Commissioners of the."

21 & 22 Vict. c. 73. - An Act to amend the Law concerning the Powers of Stipendiary Magistrates and Justices of the Peace in certain Cases. In part; namely, — To " as follows." Section cine, the words "or general sessions." Section twelve, the words "general or."

21 & 22 Vict. c. 75. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the word Companies." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section two to " this Act."

21 & 22 Vict. c. 78. - An Act to enable the Committees of both Houses of Parliament to administer Oaths to Witnesses in certain Cases. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

21 & 22 Vict. c. 83. - The Universities (Scotland) Act, 1858. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one to " Council, " and the word "thereafter" twice occurring. Section four to " provided." Section nineteen. Section twenty-one. Section twenty-six to " this Act."

21 & 22 Vict. c. 88. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the word "debtors." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." Section one, the words "and her successors." Section two, the words "for the time being" and " of Ireland " except where they first occur. Section three, to " this Act."

240

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 90. - The Medical Act. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section nine, from " shall hold " to " shall appoint, and." Section twelve, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section forty-one, from "and grant warrant" to "same has proceeded, " from "without any" to "record of evidence, " and from "such imprisonment " to the end of the section.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 92. - An Act to provide for the Conveyance of County Property to the Clerk of the Peace for the County.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 93. - The Legitimacy Declaration Act, 1858. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

21 & 22 Vict. c. 94. - The Copyhold Act, 1858. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section two, to " twenty-seventh section of the Copy-hold Act, 1852." The words " Her Majesty's " and " Forests and Land Revenues " wherever they occur in sections forty-one to forty-four, forty-six and forty-eight. Section forty-six, the words "her heirs and successors " and " her heirs or successors." Section forty-nine, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

21 & 22 Vict. c. 95. - The Court of Probate Act, 1858. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Sections four to six. Section thirteen. Section twenty-seven, to " declared that."

21 & 22 Vict. c. 96. - The West Indian Encumbered Estates Act, 1858. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section ten, the words "her heirs and successors."

21 & 22 Vict 22 Vict. c. 97. - An Act for vesting in the Privy Council certain Powers for the Protection of the Public Health. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

1892.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. Ch. 19.

241

Reign and Chapter. Title.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 100. - The Petty Sessions Clerk (Ireland) Act, 1858. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." Section three, from " the term oath " to " or declaration; " from " Lord Lieutenant " where those words first occur to " Chief or, " the words "Chief or " secondly occurring, and from "or other" to "of Ireland " lastly occurring. Section five. Section ei^ht, from " on and after" to "fifty-nine." Section nine, from "not exceeding the amount" to "set forth, " and from "and such salary" to the end of the section. Section thirteen, from " and every such order " to the Mid of the section. Sections twenty-three and twenty-four. Schedule (A).

21 & 22 Vict 22 Vict. c. 104. - The Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1858. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section eight.

21 & 22 Vict 22 Vict. c. 105. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend" and ends with the words "in Ireland." In part; namely, — Preamble, to "registered at the time of registering such affidavit, " and from "Be it therefore" to " same as follows." Section one, the word "That " where it first occurs.

21 & 22 Vict 22 Vict. c. 106. - An Act for the better Government of India. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows, that is to say." Section four, to " this Act." Section nine. Section sixteen, from " the Order " to " fifty-five, or " and the word "other." Section thirty-two, to " of this Act." Section thirty-four, to " this Act." Section fifty. Sections sixty to sixty-two. Section seventy-four. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 108. - The Matrimonial Causes Act, 1858. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Sections one to three. Section twelve. Section sixteen. Section eighteen.

242

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1692. 55 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 110. - The Election of Members daring Recess Act, 1658. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." Section one, to " this Act."

22 Vict. c. 1. - The Burial Act, 1859. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows."

22 Vict. c. 11. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to enable, " and ends with the words "of India." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section ten. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

22 Vict. c. 12. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to make " and ends with the words "of State." In part; namely, — From " Be it enacted " to " as follows." Section three, the words "particular, " " county, " and " or district." Section eight.

22 Vict. c. 14. - An Act for the Abolition of Manor Courts, and the better Recovery of Small Debts in Ireland. In part; namely, — Title, the words "the Abolition of Manor Courts and." Preamble, and to " same as follows." Section one, to " the said courts." Section four. Section five, to " enacted that."

22 Vict. c. 16. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to onable " and ends with the words "the Exchequer."

22 Vict. c. 20. - The Evidence by Commission Act, 1859. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows."

22 Vict. c. 25. - The Convict Prisons Abroad Act, 1859. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

22 Vict. c. 26. - The Superannuation Act, 1859. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." The words " Commissioners of the " in sections two, four, eight, ten, and twelve. Section three, from " shall interfere " to " Fourth, or, " and from " whether before " to " twenty-nine." Section twelve, to " such allowances/* Schedule A., except as to 5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 42. s. 1, 8 & 9 Vict. c. 100. 68. 5, 10, and 19 & 20 Vict. c. 110. s. 9.

1892.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. Ch. 19.

243

Reign and Chapter. Title.

22 Vict c. 27. The Recreation Grounds Act, 1859. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows."Section three, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

22 Vict. c. 30. An Act to amend the Confirmation and Probate Act, 1858. In part; namely, — From "Be it" to "as follows."

22 Vict. c. 32. An Act to amend the law concerning the Remission of Penalties. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to that is to say." Section one, from " or other " to " of Ireland."

22 & 23 Vict. c. 1. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to provide " and ends with the words "in Ordinary." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

22 & 23 Vict. c. 4. The Middlesex Sessions Act, 1859. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

22 & 23 Vict. c. 7. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend, " and ends with the words "be unanimous."

22 & 23 Vict. c. 8. An Act to amend the Act of the Twentieth and Twenty-first years of Victoria, Chapter Forty-five, relating to the Survey of Boundaries in Ireland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section four, to " enacted, that."

22 & 23 Vict. c. 9. An Act to provide for the Exercise of the Duties of Chief Superintendent in China in certain Cases. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

22 & 23 Vict. c. 10. - An Act to empower the Legislature of Canada to make Laws regulating the Appointment of a Speaker of the Legislative Council. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 12. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to repeal" and ends with the words "Chapter Sixty-two." In part; namely, — Title, the words "to repeal, as regards the Colony of Victoria, and " and the word "other." Preamble, and to " as follows."

244

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 13. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to enable " and ends with the words "of Barbuda." Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 17. - An Act to prevent Vexations Indictments for certain Misdemeanours. In part; namely, — From " Be it " to "as follows." Section one, to " fifty-nine." Section two, the word "That."

22 & 23 Vict. c. 18. - An Act the title of which begins with the words " An Act for granting " and ends with the words " on Malt." In part; namely, — Title, from " and to reduce " to the end of the title.

22 & 28 Vict. c. 20. - An Act to amend and consolidate the Laws relating to Military Savings Banks. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." The words " Commissioners of Her Majesty's " in sections three and thirteen. Section seven, the words "Governor and Company of the." Section sixteen *

22 & 23 Vict. c. 21. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to regulate " and ends with the words "of Exchequer." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section eight, from "or which under" to "Westminster, and the words " in lieu of being paid as aforesaid, " "and sixteenth and seventeenth, " and " respectively." Section sixteen. Section seventeen, to " this Act." The words " Commissioners of Her Majesty's" wherever they occur in sections twenty-one, twenty-three, thirty-five, and thirty-eight. Section twenty-five, the words "or her successors." Section thirty-five, the word " said " after "to the."

22 & 23 Vict. c. 22. - An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Constabulary Force in Ireland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one. Section two, to "after such appointment." Section three, from " as soon as " to " mentioned " where that word first occurs. Section four, to " Therefore."

22 & 23 Vict. c. 24. - An Act to remove Doubts as to Admission to the Office of Principal in the Universities of Scotland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows, " and from "subsequently " to " operation therein."

1892.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. Ch. 19.

245

Reign and Chapter. Title.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 26. - An Act the title of which begins with the words An Act to make " and ends with the words " of America." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

22 & 23 Vict. c. 31. - The Court of Probate (Ireland) Act, 1859. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." Section two, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section twenty-three, to declared that." Section twenty-eight. Section thirty-four.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 32. - An Act to amend the Law concerning the Police in Counties and Boroughs in England and Wales. In part; namely, — From " Be it enacted " to " as follows." Section four, to repealed; and." Section seven. Section twenty-two, the words after the passing of this Act." Section twenty-four, the words general or."

22 & 23 Vict. c. 36. - An Act to further amend the Law of Property, and to relieve Trustees. In part; namely, — From " Be it enacted " to " as follows."

22 & 23 Vict. c. 36. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to alter " and ends with the words " and Pedlars." In part; namely, — Title, from " to repeal " to the end of the title. Preamble, and to as follows."

22 & 23 Vict. c. 39. - An Act the title of which begins with the words An Act to enable " and ends with the words "of India." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to as follows." Section thirteen.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 40. - An Act for the Establishment of a Reserve Volunteer Force of Seamen, and for the Government of the same. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section seventeen, the words "the Lords Commissioners of" twice occurring. Section twenty-four, the words "for any time not exceeding six months, " except as to Ireland, and the words " in Scotland" and "Scotland and."

22 & 23 Vict. c. 41. - An Act to amend the Act for the better Government of India. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to that is to say." Section three, the words Governor or Company of the " twice occurring.

246

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 43. - The Inclosure Act, 1859. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

22 & 23 Vict. c. 46. - An Act to continue and amend the Act concerning the Management of Episcopal and Capitular Estates in England. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

22 & 23 Vict. c. 49. - An Act to provide for the Payment of Debts incurred by Boards of Guardians in Unions and Parishes and Boards of Management in School Districts. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one, the words "after the passing of this Act."

22 & 23 Vict. c. 52. - The Dublin Police Act, 1859. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one, from " Lord Lieutenant, " where those words first occur, to " Ireland." The words " Commissioners of the" wherever they occur in sections five to seven, and twelve. Section seven, the words "the Governor and Company of." Section nine.

22 & 23 Vict 23 Vict. c. 53. - An Act, the title of which begins with the words An Act to enable, " and ends with the word "Banks." In part; namely, — From " Be it therefore enacted " to " of the same." Section one, the first word That."

22 & 23 Vict 23 Vict. c. 59. - The Railway Companies Arbitration Act, 1859. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " that is to say." Section twenty-six, the words "and where requisite frame for that purpose."

22 & 23 Vict. c. 61. - The Matrimonial Causes Act, 1859. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Sections one to three. Section seven.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 63. - The British Law Ascertainment Act, 1859. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

22 & 23 Vict. c. 65. - An Act for amending the Acts for the better Regulation of Divisions in the several Counties of England and Wales. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

1892.

Statvie Law Revision Act, 1892.

Cel 19.

247

Reign and Chapter. Title.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 66. - An Act for regulating Measures used in Sales of Gas. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section two, the words "After the passing of this Act." and from " except as " to the end of the section. Section three, to " expedient and, " the words "of the United Kingdom for the time being, " and from " after the " to " three months " and the word "further." Section twenty-five, from " for a period " to the end of the section. Section twenty-six, to "appeal; and, " the words "advocation, " and from u or any other " to the end of the section.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 4. - The Annual Revision of Rateable Property (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1860. In part; namely, — Title, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one. The words " Commissioners of Her Majesty's " in sections two, three, and six. Section two, to " commencement of this Act." Section ten, to " enacted, that." Section thirteen, to " of this Act."

23 A24 Vict. c. 5. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to regulate " and ends with the words "Indian Bonds." In part; namely, — Title, the words "to repeal certain Stamp Duties." Preamble, and to " that is to say." Section two, to " repealed; and, " and the words "of

the said territorial debt or, " and the words "the Governor and Company of."

28 A24 Vict. c. 6. - An Act to transfer to the Postmaster-General Securities entered into with the Commissioners of the Admiralty in relation to the Packet Service.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 7. - The Medical Acts Amendment Act, 1860. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one, to " this Act."

23 & 24 Vict. c. 8. - An Act to amend the Law relating to the unlawful administering of Poison.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 11. - The Endowed Schools Act, 1860. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows."

23 & 24 Vict. c. 14. - An Act for granting to Her Majesty Daties on Profits 1 arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices. In part; namely, — 1 Preamble, and to " as follows."

248

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 66 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 16. - The Municipal Corporation Mortgages, &c. Act, 1860. In part; namely, — Title, the words "England and/* Preamble, and to "as follows.* Section two, the words "the Governor and Company " of the Bank of England, and of the Governor " and Company of, the word "respectively, the words "the Bank of England or of* where they twice occur, the words "as the case may require, and "as the case may be, and the words "the Governor and Company of* where they last occur. Section three, the words "England or.* Section eight. Section twelve. Section fourteen, from " shall, as regards England to " one Act; and.'* The rest of the Act, so far as it extends to England.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 18. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend '* and ends with the word "Quakers.* In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

23 & 24 Vict. c. 19. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to extend " and ends with the words "in Ireland." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " of the same." Section one, the word "That where it first occurs.

28 A24 Vict. c. 24* - An Act to remove Doubts as to the Validity of certain Marriages in Extra-Parochial Places. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows.

23 & 24 Vict c. 27. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for granting" and ends with the words "Wine Licences." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one, to "and sixty, " and the words "her heirs and successors."

23 & 24 Vict. c. 80. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to enable and ends with the words "their District." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

23 & 24 Vict. c. 81. - l An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to repeal " and ends with the words "on Mortgage." In part; namely, — Title, the words "the Governor and Company of." Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one, to " repealed; and."

1892.

Statute Law Revision, 1892. Ch. 19.

249

Reign and Chapter. Title.

23 & 24 Vict 24 Vict. c. 32. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to abolish " and ends with the words "of Brawling." In part; namely, — Title, the words "in Ireland in cases of Defamation, and." Preamble, and to " of the same." Section one, the word "That" first occurring, "commenced after the passing of this Act, " the words "or Ireland" and "commenced after the passing of this Act, " and from " nor shall " to " aforesaid."

23 & 24 Vict. c. 83. - The Bankruptcy (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1860. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section five, to " declared that."

23 & 24 Vict. c. 84. - The Petitions of Bight Act, 1860. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section thirteen, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's " twice occurring. Section fourteen, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's." Section sixteen, from " the words Her Majesty " to "successors; and."

23 & 24 Vict 24 Vict. c. 85. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act further " and ends with the words "in Ireland." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

28 & 24 Vict. c. 38. - An Act to further amend the Law of Property. In part; namely, — To " as follows." Section three, to " and enacted, that." Section twelve. Section thirteen, to " and sixty."

28 & 24 Vict c. 45. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to extend " and ends with the words "in Scotland." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " of the same." Section one, the word "That " where it first occurs, and the words "after the passing of this Act." Section five, to " recovery of, " from " be it enacted " to " forfeitures, " from " and on such complaint " to " same has proceeded, " from " and without any " to " record of evidence, " and from " Provided always " to " exceed two months." Section six, to " appeal; and, " the words "advocation or" and "or in any other way than as herein provided." Section nine, the words or steward."

250

Cp. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 47. An Act the title of which begins with the words An Act to amend " and ends with the words "in Scotland."

1 In part; namely, — Preamble, and to uas follows."

23 & 24 Vict. c. 51. - The Local Taxations Returns Act, 1860. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to uas follows." Section one, the words "in the month of June." Section two, from " shall be made" to " made up and." Section three, to " thereto; and." Section four, the words "clerk, treasurer."

23 & 24 Vict 24 Vict c. 52. - The Metropolitan Building Act (Amendment), 1860. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section two, the words "after the passing of this Act."

23 & 24 Vict. c. 59. The Universities and College Estates Act Extension, 1860. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section four, to " enacted, that." Section seven, to " enacted, that."

23 & 24 Vict. c. 64. - The Burial Act, 1860. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to ‘‘ as follows."

23 & 24 Vict c. 65. The Post Office (Duties) Act, 1860. In part; namely, — Title, the words "the Commissioners of." Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's" and " under their hands." Section two. Section four.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 66. - An Act to amend the Medical Act (1858). In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section six, from " and Thomas " to " out of office, " and the words "on the same day, and, " and " subsequent."

23 & 24 Vict c 68. - An Act for the better Management and Control of the Highways in South Wales. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section twenty, the words "the county roads board " and " county roads board " wherever they occur. Section thirty-three, to " this Act." Section thirty-five. Section forty, to " this Act."

1892.

Statute Law Revision, 1892. Ch. 19.

251

Reign and Chapter. Title.

23 & 24 Vict 24 Vict. c. 74. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the words "in Boroughs." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

23 & 24 Vict. c. 75. - The Criminal Lunatic Asylums Act, 1860. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section four, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

23 & 24 Vict. c. 79. - The Sheriff Court Houses Act, 1860. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." The words " Commissioners of Her Majesty's " wherever they occur, except in section seventeen. Sections twenty-nine to thirty-two.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 80. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to regulate " and ends with the words "in Scotland." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

23 & 24 Vict. c. 82. An Act to amend the Provisions of the Common Law Procedure (Ireland) Act Amendment (1853). In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

23 & 24 Vict. c. 83. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to explain " and ends with the words "on Marriage." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

23 & 24 Vict. c. 85. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the words "in Scotland." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section four, from " to pay to the' Registrar " to " per annum, and." Section twelve, to " declared, that."

23 & 24 Vict. c. 88. - An Act to extend certain Provisions for Admiralty Jurisdiction in the Colonies to Her Majesty's Territories in India. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." '

23 & 24 Vict. c. 89. - An Act to extend in certain Cases the Provisions of the Superannuation Act, 1859. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

252

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 90. - An Act the title of which begins with the words M An Act to repeal " and ends with the words "like Purposes.*' In Dart; namely, — From " Be it " to "as follows." Section five, the words "Her Majesty's " and " Forests and Land Revenues."

23 & 24 Vict. c. 91. - The Oxford University Act, 1860. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one, to " enacted, that, " the word "said " where it first occurs and the word "that " before " all statutes." Section two, to " farther enacted that."

23 & 24 Vict 24 Vict. c. 92. - An Act to amend the Law relative to the Scottish Herring Fisheries. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." The words " Commissioners of Her Majesty's" wherever they occur. Section fourteen, from " in the form of" to "as may be, " from "in the form and" to "of them, or" next thereafter occurring. Section seventeen, from "and may be printed" to the end of the section. Section eighteen, to "Act; and, " from "shall not be quashed " to " form and, " and the words "except as herein-after mentioned." Section nineteen. Section twenty-one, from " and for imprisoning " to the end of the section. Sections twenty-three and twenty-four. Schedules A. and B.

23 & 24 Vict c. 93. - The Tithe Act, 1860. Iu part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows."

23 & 24 Vict c. 94* - An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Militia. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

23 & 24 Vict. c. 95. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to facilitate " and ends with the words "in Scotland." In part; namely, — Preamble^ and to " as follows."

23 & 24 Vict. c. 97. - The Railways Act (Ireland), 1860. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section two, to " enacted that." Section three, to " enacted that." Section four, to " enacted that." Section eight, the words "and shall be made perpetual."

1892.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. Ch. 19.

253

Reign and Chapter. Title.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 100. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to repeal" and ends with the words "Her Majesty." In part; namely, — From " Be it enacted " to " as follows."

23 & 24 Vict. c. 102. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to provide " and ends with the words "of England." In part; namely, — Section six, the words "the Governor and Company of."

23 & 24 Vict. c. 105. - The Prisons (Scotland) Administration Act, 1860. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

23 & 24 Vict. c. 106. - The Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." Section six, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's" and the whole section except as to Ireland.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 107. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for granting " and ends with the words "in Ireland." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " ns follows." Section one, to "and sixty, " and the words "her heirs and successors." Section forty-three, to " this Act."

23 & 24 Vict c. 111. - An Act for granting to Her Majesty certain Duties of Stamps, and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 112. The Defence Act, 1860. In part; namely, — Preamble, aDd to " as follows."

23 & 24 Vict. c. 113. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to grant duties" and ends with the words "to the Excise." In part; namely, — Title, from " also to reduce " to " respectively." Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one, to " this Act, " and the words "her heirs and successors." The words "or other such vegetable matter as aforesaid, " " or other vegetable matter, " and " or other such vegetable matter " wherever they occur. Section thirty-seven, to " enacted that." Section forty-three, to " enacted, that."

254

Ch. 19.

Statute Lem Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 115. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to simplify " and ends with the words "on Judgments." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same as follows." Section one, the words "her heirs or successors " " Commissioners of Her Majesty " and " or any two of them."

23 & 24 Vict. c. 116. - An Act to amend the Law relating to the Election, Dudes, and Payment of County Coroners. In part; namely, — Title, the words "Election, Dudes and." Preamble, and to " that is to say." Section four, to "sixty-one, " from "such salary" where those words first occur to " fifty-nine, " and from "Provided always" where last occurring to the end of the secdon. Section seven, the words "from and after the passing of this Act."

23 & 24 Vict. c. 120. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the word "Kingdom." In part; namely, — Title from " and to suspend " to the end of the tide. Preamble, and to " as follows."

23 & 24 Vict 24 Vict. c. 122. - The Admiralty Offices (Colonial) Act, 1860. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

23 & 24 Vict. c. 121. - The Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1860. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Secdon one. Secdon two, the words "for England." Section twelve, to " heretofore arisen." Secdon twenty-one.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 125. - The Metropolis Gas Act, 1860. In part; namely, — Section thirty-five, to "and sixty" and the words "except under existing contracts." Section thirty-six.

23 & 24 Vict 24 Vict. c. 126.- The Common Law Procedure Act, 1860. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

23 & 24 Vict. c. 127 - An Act to amend the Laws relating to Attorneys, Solicitors, Proctors, and Certificated Conveyancers. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Secdon one, from " or of the Court of Common " to " of Durham."

1892.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. Ch. 19.

255

Reign and Chapter. Title.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 127. — cont. Section two, to " repealed; and." Section three, the words "and swearing." The words " and sworn " wherever they occur. The words " and the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer " in sections five and twenty. Section eighteen, to " this Act." Section thirty-one, the words "and of the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer." Section thirty-four, to " this Act " where those words first occur.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 129. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to grant " and ends with the word "Islands." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one, the words "her heirs and successors " and from " on or after the several " to " were or " where those words next occur, from " having been " to " and were or, " the words "on or after the said several days respectively, " and from " the several " to " and sixty."

23 & 24 Vict. c. 130. - An Act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise Money in the United Kingdom for the Service of the Government of India. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section thirteen. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

23 & 24 Vict 24 Vict. c. 134. - The Roman Catholic Charities Act. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

23 & 24 Vict. c. 135. - The Metropolitan Police Act, 1860. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

23 & 24 Vict. c. 136. - The Charitable Trusts Act, 1860. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

23 & 24 Vict. c. 137. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to make " and ends with the word "Societies." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " that is to say." Section two, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

23 & 24 Vict. c. 142. - An Act to make better Provision for the Union of contiguous Benefices in Cities, Towns, and Boroughs. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one, to " this Act."

256

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Tide.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 144. - The Matrimonial Causes Act, 1860. In part; namely, — From " Be it " to " as follows." Sections one, two, and four. Section six, to " further enacted that"

23 & 24 Vict. c. 146. - An Act to amend the Act for regulating Measures used in Sales of Gas. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

23 & 24 Vict c. 149. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to make " and ends with the words M the said Court" In pan; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section four. Section eight Section nine, to " removal of the said William Worden." Section thirteen.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 152. - The Tramways (Ireland) Act, 1860. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section twenty-six, from " No such Order " to the end of the section. Section twenty-seven, from "No such Order " to the end of the section. Section forty-nine, from " or other " to " time being."

23 & 24 Vict. c. 153. - The Landed Property (Ireland) Improvement Act, 1860. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section three.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 154. - The Landlord and Tenant Law Amendment Act, Ireland, 1860. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Schedule (B.), so far as relates to the following Acts: — 33 Hen. 8. Sess. 1. c. 13., 54 Geo. 3. c. 115., 1 Geo. 4. c. 87., 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 67., 9 Geo. 4. c. 56., 2 Will. 4. c. 17., and to sections seventy-one to seventy-eight, eighty, eighty-three, eighty-eight, ninety-three, and ninety-nve of 14 & 15 Vict. c. 57.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 3. An Act, the title of which begins with the words "An Act to make, " and ends with the words "other purposes." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section two, from " on some day " where those words first occur to "and in like manner" the word "succeeding" where it first occurs, and from " until the fifth " to " succeeding year."

1892.

Statute Law Revision Act> 1892. Ch. 19.

257

Reign and Chapter. Title.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 3. — cont. Section three.

Section four, to " enacted that."

24 & 25. Vict. c. 10. - Section fire, the words "Commissioners of the" where they last occur, and the words "said Governor and Company of the." Section six, the words "Commissioners of the." The Admiralty Court Act, 1861. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section three.

24 & 25 Vict 25 Vict. c. 11. - The Foreign Law Ascertainment Act, 1861. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to uas follows: viz."

24 & 25 Vict. c. 14. - An Act the title of which begins with the words u An Act to grant " and ends with the word "thereof." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " of the same." The words " Commissioners of Her Majesty's " wherever they occur. Section six, the word "said."

24 & 25 Vict. c. 17. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the words "in Scotland."

24 & 25 Vict. c. 18. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to make " and ends with the words "the Poor." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows."

24 & 25 Vict. c. 21. - An Act for granting to Her Majesty certain Duties of Excise and Stamps. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one, the words "her heirs and successors." Section eleven, from " after the fifth " to " sixty-one."

24 & 25 Vict. c. 25. - I An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to enable, " and ends with the words w of India." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows."

24 & 25 Vict. C. 31.. - i An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the " and ends with the words "Sierra Leone." In part; namely, — From " For remedy " to " as follows." Section two, to " enacted, that." Section four, the words "her heirs or successors."

24 & 25 Vict. c. 36. - An Act to amend the Boundaries of Burghs Extension (Scotland) Act. In part,; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." B

' 258

/Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1832. 55 & 56 Vfcfc*.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 37. - An Act to simplify the Mode of raising the Assessment for the Poor in Scotland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " same, as follows."

24 & 25 Vict. c. 42. - The London Coal and Wine Duties Continuance Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 43. - The Summary Procedure on Bills of Exchange (Ireland) Act, 1861.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 44. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to remove" and ends with the word "Purposes.* In part; , namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows.* Section four, to " as follows." Section five, to " as follows.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 45. - The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861* In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " that is to say.* Section two, from "the expression the Lords* to *i. Plantations." Section ten, the words "for the time being, " Her Majesty's, " and " Forests and Land Revenues.* The words "her heirs or successors'* in sections eleven and twelve. Section fifteen, the words "Her Majesty's" and " Forests and Land Revenues."

24 & 25 Vict. c. 47. - 4 The Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c. Act, 1861. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows.* Section two, from " The expression Board *' to " plantations.* Section four, to " sixty-two.* Section ten, from " on and after *' to the end of the section. The words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's* in section sixteen, thirty-six, fifty, fifty-four. Section twenty-one, from " on and to the end of the section. Section twenty-two, to " sixty-two.* Section twenty-seven, to " sixty-two." Section twenty-eight, to " sixty-two.* Section twenty-nine, to " sixty-two.* Section forty-one, to " passing of this Act.'* Section forty-two, the words "on and after the passing of this Act.* Section forty-three, from " on and after *' to " this Act.* Section forty-two, to " sixty-two, where those words first occur, and from "on and after" to "sixty-two.* Sections forty-five and forty-six.

1892.

Statute JLaw Revieion Act, 1892.

Ch, 19.

259

Reign and Chapter. Title.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 47. — cont. Section fifty-four, from "from the" to the end of the section. Section fifty-five. Section fifty-six, from " nor shall " to the end of the section. Section sixty-one, to " sixty-two." Section sixty-six, from "the persons "to "constituting " and from " and upon their to " succession " and the words "her heirs and successors."

24 & 25 Vict. c. 48. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to provide " and ends with the words "Act, 1860." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows."

24 & 25 Vict. c. 49. - The Petty Sessions, Ireland, Amendment Act, 1861. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

24 & 25 Vict. c. 51, - The Metropolitan Police Act, 1861. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

24 & 25 Vict. c. 52. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to empower " and ends with the word "Colonies." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section four, from " and words " to the end of the section.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 53. - An Act to provide that Votes at Elections for the Universities may be recorded by means of Voting Papers. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

24 & 25 Vict. c. 54. - An Act to confirm certain Appointments in India, and to amend the Law concerning the Civil Service there. In part; namely, —, Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 55. - An Act the title of which begins with the words u An Act to amend " and ends with the word "Unions." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one, to " next." Section six, from " from and after" to "next." Section nine, to " next."

260

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892* 55 & 66 VICT,

Reign and Chapter. Title.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 66. An Act to make Provision for Salaries for the Revising Barristers for the City of Dublin. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one, the words "from and after the passing of this Act, " from "in lieu" to "respectively" where next occurring.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 60. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the words "in Ireland." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one, to "this Act."

24 & 25 Vict. c. 63. - An Act to enable Grand Juries in Ireland to increase the Remuneration of County Surveyors, and for other Purposes. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

24 & 25 Vict 25 Vict. c. 67. - The Indian Councils Act, 1861. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section two, to " repealed; and." Section four, the words "on the passing of this Act." Section sixteen. Section seventeen, the word "other." Section thirty-five. Section thirty-six, the word "subsequent." Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

"24 & 25 Vict. c. 69. - The Tramways (Scotland) Act, 1861. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Sections nine and ten.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 70. - The Locomotive Act, 1861. In part j namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one, to this Act."

24 & 25 Vict 25 Vict. c. 71* - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to provide" and ends with the words "for Public Works." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." The words " Governor and Company of the " and " said Commissioners of the " " Commissioners of Her Majesty's " and " said Commissioners of Her Majesty's " wherever they occur. Section one, to " this Act." Section four, to " this Act." Section five, from " section twelve " to " forty-four, and."

1892.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892.

Ch 19.

261

Bdgn and Chapter. ' Title.

24 & 25 Vict. c# 72. An Act to make farther Provision for the Regulation of the British White Herring Fishery in Scotland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows."

24 & 25 Vict c. 76. - An Act to amend the Law relating to the Removal of poor Persons to Ireland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " the same."

24 & 25 Vict. c. 79. - An Act to amend the Metropolis Gas Act. In part ? namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." Section one, from "within two" to "and so, " and the word "thereafter."

24 & 25 Vict. c. 81. - An Act to repeal the Provisions in certain Statutes relative to the Salary of the Lord Clerk Register in Scotland.

24 & 25 Vict 25 Vict. c. 83. - The County Voters Registration (Scotland) Act, 1861. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section four, the words "and the name of the person, to whom the consideration is payable." Section six. Section eight, to " August " where it first occurs, from "and subscribe" to "Act annexed, " from " and shall give " to " open to inspection " first occurring thereafter, and from "and copies of such lists " to the end of the section. Section nine. Section ten, the words "on or before the first day of September, " from " in the form " to " Act annexed, " from " and shall give " to " will be open to inspection, " and from " and copies of such lists " to the end of the section. Sections eleven to twenty-one. Section twenty-two, to " September, " from " on or before " to " preceding, " from " in the form " to "Act annexed, " and from "and copies" to the end of the section. Sections twenty-three to forty-one. Sections forty-four and forty-five. Schedules.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 84. - An Act to amend the Law in Scotland relative to the Resignation, Powers, and Liabilities of gratuitous Trustees. In part; namely, — From " Be it " to " as follows."

24 & 25 Vict. c. 86. An Act to amend the Law regarding Conjugal Rights in Scotland. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section twelve.

242

Ch. 19.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892c 55 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 91. - An Act to amend the Laws relating to Inland Revenue.-In part; namely, — From " Be it " to "as follows." Section eight, to " enacted that." Section ten, to " enacted that." Section twelve, to " enacted that." Section twenty-two, to u enacted that."

24 & 25 Vict. c. 92. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the word "Successions." In part; namely, — From " Be it " to " as follows." Section two, to " enacted that."

24 & 25 Vict. c. 94. - An Act to consolidate and amend the Statute Law of England and Ireland relating to Accessories to and Abettors of Indictable Offences. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section eleven.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 96. The Larceny Act, 1861. In pan; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." The words " for the term of three years, " in sections four, twenty-eight, thirty, forty-two, forty-five, eighty-eight, and ninety. The words " for any term not exceeding two years, with or without hard labour, and " in sections four, seven, twenty-eight to thirty, forty, forty-two to forty-eight, fifty, fifty-two, fifty-four to fifty-seven, sixty to sixty-four, sixty - seven to sixty-nine, seventy-three to seventy-five, eighty-eight, ninety, ninety-one, ninety-five, and one hundred and one. The words " and not less than three years " in sections seven to ten, forty, fifty-four to fifty-seven, sixty to sixty-four, sixty-seven to sixty-nine, seventy-four, ninety-one, ninety-five, one hundred and one. The words "or for any term not less than three years " in sections twenty-nine, forty-three, forty-four, forty-six to forty-eight, fifty, fifty-two, and seventy-three. Section fifty-eight, from u for the term " to the end of the section. Section fifty-nine, from " and not less " to the end of the section. Section sixty-three, from " and not less " to the end of the section. Section seventy, from " and not less " to " labour." Section one hundred and nine, the words "or other Chief Governor." Section one hundred and eighteen. Section one hundred and twenty-three.

1892/ 1 Statute Law RevieionAtt, 189&

Ch. 19.

20fr

Reign and Chapter. Title.

24 & 2& Vict.-o.97i - An Act to consolidate and amend the Statute Low of England and Ireland relating to Malicious Injuries to Property. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to M as follows." The words "or for any term not less than three years" in sections one to five, nine, eleven, fourteen, seventeen, twenty-six, thirty, thirty* three, thirty-five, forty-two, forty-three, and forty-seven. The words " for any term not exceeding two years with or without hard labour, and " in sections one to three, eight to eleven, fourteen to twenty-one, twenty-three, twenty-six to thirty-three, forty, and forty-two to fifty. The words "for any term not exceeding two years with or without hard labour, " in sections four to seven, and thirty-five. The words "and not less than three years" in sections six to eight, ten, fifteen, sixteen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty-seven to twenty-nine, thirty-one, thirty-two, forty-six, forty-eight, and fifty. Section twelve, from " and not less " to " labour." The words "for the term of three years" in sections twenty, twenty-one, and twenty-three. The words "and not less than three" in sections forty, forty-four, forty-five, and forty-nine. Section fifty-one, from " for any term " where those words last occur to the end of the section. Section sixty-seven, the words "or other chief Governor." Section seventy-four. Section seventy-nine.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 98. - An Act to consolidate and amend the Statute Law of England and Ireland relating to indictable Offences by Forgery. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

# The words "or for any term not less than three years " in sections one to three, five, seven, eight, twelve, twenty to twenty-three, twenty-five, thirty, thirty-six, thirty-seven, and forty-eight. The words " for any term not exceeding two years, with or without hard labour, and " in sections one to ten, sixteen to thirty-eight, forty-seven and forty-eight. The words "and not less than three years" in sections four, six, nine, ten, fourteen, sixteen to nineteen, twenty-four, twenty-six to twenty-nine, thirty-one, thirty-four, thirty-five, thirty-eight, and forty-seven. The words " the Governor and Company of " wherever they occur in sections five, six, twelve, fourteen to seventeen, thirty-three, and forty-six.

264 Ch. Statute Law Revision 1692. 66 & 56 Vict.

Smgn and Chapter. Title.

24 26 Vict. c. 98. — cont. Section thirteen, from "and not- less" to the end of the section.

24 & 25 Vict 25 Vict* c. 99. - Section fourteen, from "and not less" to the end of the section. Section thirty-two, the words "for the term of three years.* The words "after the commencement of this Act* in sections forty-seven and forty-eight. Section fifty-three. Section fifty-six. An Act to consolidate and amend the Statute Law of the United Kingdom against Offences relating to the Coin. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows.* The words " for any term not exceeding two years, with or without hard labour, and in sections two to seven, eleven, twelve, fourteen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-four, and twenty-five. The words "or for any term not less than three years* in sections two, three, six, seven, twelve, twenty-one, twenty-four, and twenty-five. The words " and not less than three years in sections four, five, fourteen, eighteen, nineteen, and twenty-two. The words " for the term of three years in section eleven. Section thirty-two, from "and no warrant* to the end of the section, except as to Ireland. Section thirty-nine. Section forty-three.

24 & 26 Vict. c. 100. - An Act to consolidate and amend the Statute Law of England and Ireland relating to Offences against the Person. In part; namely, — - Preamble, and to " as follows.* Section four, the words "and not less than three, and from " or to be to the end of the section. Section five, from "or for any term* to "hard labour.* The words "for any term not exceeding two years, with or without hard labour, and *' in sections eleven to eighteen, twenty-eight, and fifty-eight. The words " or for any term not less than three years* in sections eleven to fifteen, seventeen, eighteen, twenty-eight, thirty-two, and fifty-eight. The words " and not less than three years in sections sixteen, thirty, and fifty-six. Section twenty, from " for the term to the end of the section. The words "at the discretion of the court* in sections four, twenty, twenty-one to twenty-four, twenty-six, twenty-seven, thirty-one, thirty-three, thirty-seven, forty-seven, forty-eight, fifty-three, fifty-four, fifty-seven, fifty-nine, sixty-one, and sixty-two.

1892.

Statute Law Revisio Act, 1892. Ch. 19.

265

Reign and Chapter. Title.

24 & 25 Vict. C. 10O — cont. ' Section twenty-one, from "or for any" to the end of the section. Section twenty-two, from "or for any" to the end of the section. Section, twenty-three, from "and not less" to the end of the section. Section twenty-four, from " or to be " to the end of the section. Section twenty-six, from "or to be" to the end of the section. Section twenty-seven, from "or to be" to the end of the section. Section thirty-one, from " for the ter* " to " labour." Section thirty-two, from " for any term not exceeding " to " labour." Section thirty-three, from " or for any " to the end of the section. Section thirty-seven, from " and not less " to the end of the section. Section forty-seven, from " for the term " to " labour " first occurring. Section forty-eight, from " or for any " to the end of the section. Section fifty-three, from " and not less " to " labour." Section fifty-four, from " and not less " to the end of the section. Section fifty-six, from " for any term " where those words last occur to " labour." Section fifty-seven, from "and not less" to "hard labour." Section fifty-nine, from " for the term " to the end of the section. Section sixty-one, from " or for " to the end of the section. Section sixty-two, from "and not less" to the end of the section. Section sixty-nine. Section seventy-nine.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 102.- The Tramways (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1861. In part $ namely, — Preamble, and to " that is to say."

24 & 25 Vict. c. 104. - An Act for establishing High Courts of Judicature in India. In part; namely, — From " Be it " to " as follows." Section one. Section eight, to " abolished " where that word thirdly occurs. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 105. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to prevent" and ends with the word "Benefices." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows."

266 Ch. 19* Statute- Law Revision Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Reign and Chapter. Title.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 109. - The Salmon Pisbera Apf* 1861. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "aa follows." Section three. Section twenty-five, the words "after the passing of this Act" Section thirty-one, the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's."

24 &‘2o Vict. c. 110. - The Old Metal Dealers Act, 1861. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section two *

w

24 & 25 Vict. c. 111. - An Act to amend " The Probates and Letters of Administration Act (Ireland), 1857." In part; namely, — Preamble and to "as follows." Section one, to " repealed; and, " the words "said " and "so ceasing to be such Commissioner." Section two.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 112. - An Act for the Appropriation of the Seats vacated by the Disfranchisement of the Boroughs of Sudbury and Saint Alban. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to "as follows." Section nine, from " from and after " to " sixty-one." Sections eleven and twelve. Sections fourteen and fifteen.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 114. - An Act to amend the Law with respect to Wills of Personal Estate made by British Subjects. In part; namely, — From " Be it " to " as follows."

24 & 25 Vict. c. 118. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to enable " and ends with the words "of India."

24 & 25 Vict. c. 121. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to amend " and ends with the word "Dominions." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

24 & 25 Vict c. 123. - An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act to reduce " and ends with the word "Purposes." In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows." Section one, from " from and after such " to " order appoint, " the words "Commissioners of Her Majesty's, " from " from and after the " to " hereinbefore mentioned, " and from " provided always " to the end of the section. Section two, the words "Commissioners of the."

1892.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1892. Ch. 19, 20. 267

Reign and Chapter. Title.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 124. - | The Metropolitan Police Act, 1861. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to uas follows." Section four, the words M after the passing of this Act " and " the Governor and Company of." Section seven, to " enacted, that " and the word "that " before " the certificate." Section ten *

24 & 25 Vict. c. 125. - An Act to enable Overseers in populous Parishes to provide Offices for the proper Discharge of Parochial Business. In part; namely, — From " Be it " to w as follows."

24 & 25 Vict c. 133. - The Land Drainage Act, 1861. In part; namely, — Preamble, and to " as follows."

CHAPTER 20.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three.

[20th June 1892.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, YoiA Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time Issue of being may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making Consolidated good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year Fund for the ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred endfng16 and ninety-three the sum of four million six hundred and sixty-two sist March thousand two hundred pounds. 1893-

2. The Commissioners of the Treasury may borrow from time Power to the to time on the credit of the said sum any sum or sums not 4°

268

Ch. 20-22. Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1892. 65 & 66 Vict.

[Short title.]

Sittings may be held in more than one court

[Short title.]

[Short title.]

Re-vesting of lands.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 49.

43 Vict. c. 2.

exceeding in the whole the sum of four million six hundred and sixty-two thousand two hundred pounds, and shall repay the moneys so borrowed with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any sums so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

3. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1892.

CHAPTER 21.

An Act to regulate the sittings of the High Court of Justiciary in Scotland.

[20th June 1892.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to remove doubts which have arisen as to the power of the High Court of Justiciary sitting in Edinburgh to sit in more than one court at one time for the despatch of public business:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Whenever it is expedient for the greater despatch of business it shall be lawful for the High Court of Justiciary to hold sittings in Edinburgh in more than one court at one and the same time, any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

2. This Act may be cited as the High Court of Justiciary (Scotland) Act, 1892.

CHAPTER 22.

An Act to amend the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890, as to Scotland.

[20th June 1892.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890, Amendment (Scotland) Act, 1892.

2. Any land acquired by a local authority for the purposes of the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Improvement (Scotland) Acts, 1875 and 1880, and still held by and vested in them, shall be deemed to be held by and vested in them for the purposes of Part I.

1892

Housing of the Working Classes Ch..22, 23. 269

Act, 1890, Amendment (Scotland) Act, 1892.

and relative provisions of the Housing of the Working Classes Act,

1890, without the necessity of expeding or recording any notarial or other instrument.

3. Section ninety-six, sub-section two, of the Housing of the Defining Working Classes Act, 1890, shall not apply to any urban sanitary £Jvict authority as defined by sub-section seven of that section, and shall 70. be read as limited in its operation to a rural sanitary authority as T defined by sub-section eight of that section.

CHAPTER 23.

An Act to consolidate Enactments relating to the Marriage of British Subjects outside the United Kingdom.

[27th June 1892.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. All marriages between parties of whom one at least is a British subject solemnized in the manner in this Act provided in any foreign country or place by or before a marriage officer within the meaning of this Act shall be as valid in law as if the same had been solemnized in the United Kingdom with a due observance of all forms required by law.

2. In every case of a marriage intended to be solemnized under this Act, one of the parties intending marriage shall sign a notice, stating the name, surname, profession, condition, and residence of each of the parties, and whether each of the parties is or is not a minor, and give the notice to the marriage officer within whose district both of the parties have had their residence not less than one week then next preceding, and the notice shall state that they have so resided.

3.-^-(l.) The marriage officer shall file every such notice, and keep it with the archives of his office, and shall also, on payment of the proper fee, forthwith enter in a book of notices to be kept by him for the purpose, and post up in some conspicuous place in his office, a true copy of every such notice, and shall keep the same so posted up during fourteen consecutive days before the marriage is solemnized under the notice.

(2.) The said book and copy posted up shall be open at all reasonable times, without fee, to the inspection of any person.

4. — (1.) The like consent shall be required to a marriage under this Act as is required by law to marriages solemnized in England.

(2; ) Every person whose consent to a marriage is so required may, at any time before the solemnization thereof under this Act, forbid it by writing the word "forbidden " opposite to the entry of the intended marriage in the book of notices, and by subscribing thereto his name and residence, and the character by reason of which he is

Validity of marriages solemnized abroad in manner provided by Act.

Notice to marriage officer of intended marriage.

Filing in registry and posting up of notice.

Requirement of like consent to marriage as in England, and power to forbid marriage.

270

Ch. 23.

Foreign Marriage Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

authorised to forbid the marriage; and if a marriage is so forbidden the notice shall be void, and the intended marriage shall not be solemnized under that notice.

Caveat against 5 — (l.) Any person may on payment of the proper fee enter teTilged with the marriage officer a caveat, signed by him or on his behalf,

' with marriage and stating his residence and the ground of his objection against officer. the solemnization of the marriage of any person named therein,

and thereupon the marriage of that person shall not be solemnized until either the marriage officer has examined into the matter of the caveat and is satisfied that it ought not to obstruct the solemnization of the marriage, or the caveat is withdrawn by the person entering it.

(2.) In a case of doubt the marriage officer may transmit a copy of the caveat, with such statement respecting it as he thinks fit, to a Secretary of State, who shall refer the same to the Registrar-General, and the Registrar-General shall give his decision thereon in writing to the Secretary of State, who shall communicate it to the marriage officer.

(3.) If the marriage officer refuses to solemnize or to allow to be solemnized in his presence the marriage of any person requiring it to be solemnized, that person may appeal to a Secretary of State, who shall give the marriage officer his decision thereon.

(4.) The marriage officer shall forthwith inform the parties of and shall conform to any decision given by the Registrar-General or Secretary of State.

When marriage not solemnized within three months a new notice required.

6. Where a marriage is not solemnized within three months next after the latest of the following dates —

(a.) the date on which the notice for it has been given to and entered by the marriage officer under this Act, or (6.) if on a caveat being entered a statement has been transmitted to a Secretary of State, or if an appeal has been made to a Secretary of State, then the date of the receipt from the Secretary of State of a decision directing the marriage to be solemnized,

the notice shall be void, and the intended marriage shall not be solemnized under that notice.

Oath before 7. Before a marriage is solemnized under this Act, each of the mamag. parties intending marriage shall appear before the marriage officer, and make, and subscribe in a book kept by the officer for the purpose, an oath —

(a) that he or she believes that there is not any impediment to the marriage by reason of kindred or alliance, or otherwise; and

(b) that both of the parties have for three weeks immediately preceding had their usual residence within the district of the marriage officer; and

(c) where either of the parties, not being a widower or widow, is under the age of twenty-one years, that the consent of the persons whose consent to the marriage is required by law has been obtained thereto, or, as the case may be, that there is no person having authority to give such consent.

1892. "

Foreign Marriage Act, 1892. Ch. 23.

271

8. — (1.) After the expiration of fourteen days after the notice Solemnisation

of an intended marriage has been entered under this Act, then, at

if no lawful impediment to the marriage is shown to the satisfaction presence of of the marriage officer, and the marriage has not been forbidden marriage

in manner provided by this Act, the marriage may be solemnized two

under this Act.

(2.) Every such marriage shall be solemnized at the official house of the marriage officer, with open doors, between the hours of eight in the forenoon and three in the afternoon, in the presence of two or more witnesses, and may be solemnized by another person in the presence of the marriage officer, according to the rites of the Church of England, or such other form and ceremony as the parties thereto see fit to adopt, or may, where the parties so desire, be solemnized by the marriage officer.

(3.) Where such marriage is not solemnized according to the rites of the Church of England, then in some part of the ceremony, and in the presence of the marriage officer and witnesses, each of the parties shall declare,

"I solemnly declare, that I know not of any lawful impediment why I A.B. [or CJ).] may not be joined in matrimony to C.D. [or A.B.y

And each of the parties shall say to the other,

" I call upon these persons here present to witness, that I A.B.

[or C.D.] take thee, G.D. [or A.B.], to be my lawful wedded wife [or husband]."

9. — (1.) The marriage officer shall be entitled, for every marriage Marriage fees solemnized under this Act by him or in his presence, to have from the parties married the proper fee. registration of

(2.) He shall forthwith register in duplicate every such marriage marriages, in two marriage register books, which shall be furnished to him from time to time for that purpose by the Registrar-General (through a Secretary of -State), according to the form provided by law for the registration of marriages in England, or as near to that form as the difference of the circumstances admits.

(3.) The entry in each book of every such marriage shall be signed by the marriage officer, by the person solemnizing the marriage, if other than the marriage officer, by both the parties married, and by two witnesses of the marriage.

(4.) All such entries shall be made in regular order from the beginning to the end of each book, and the number of the entry in each duplicate shall be the same.

(5.) The marriage officer by whom or in whose presence a marriage is solemnized under this Act may ask , of the parties to be married the several particulars required to be registered touching the marriage.

10. — (1.) In January in every year every marriage officer shall Annual for-make and send to a Secretary of State, to be transmitted by him

to the Registrar-General, a copy, certified by him to be a true copy, agister book of all the entries of marriages during the preceding year in the to Secretary register book kept by him, and if there has been no such entry, a of State *

272

Cfl. 23.

Foreign Marriage Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Marriage officers and their districts.

Marriages on board Her Majesty's ships on foreign stations.

certificate of that fact; and every such copy shall be certified, and certificate given, under his hand and official seaL

(2.) The marriage officer shall keep the duplicate marriage register books safely until they are filled, and then send one of them to a Secretary of State, to be transmitted by him to the Registrar-General

11. — (1.) For the purposes of this Act the following officers shall be marriage officers, that is to say: —

(a.) Any officer authorised in that behalf by a Secretary of State by authority in writing under his hand (in this Act referred to as a marriage warrant); and

(b.) Any officer who, under the marriage regulations herein-after mentioned is authorised to act as marriage officer without any marriage warrant, and the district of a marriage officer shall be the area within which the duties of his office are exerciseable, or any such less area as is assigned by the marriage warrant or any other warrant of a Secretary of State, or is fixed by the marriage regulations.

(2.) Any marriage warrant of a Secretary of State may authorize to be a marriage officer —

(a) a British ambassador residing in a foreign country to the government of which he is accredited, and also any officer prescribed as an officer for solemnizing marriages in the official house of such ambassador;

(b) the holder of the office of British consul in any foreign country or place specified in the warrant; and

(c) a governor, high commissioner, resident, consular or other officer, or any person appointed in pursuance of the marriage ' regulations to act in the place of a high commissioner or resident, and this Act shall apply with the prescribed modifications to a marriage by or before a governor, high commissioner, resident, or officer so authorised by the warrant, and in such application shall not be limited to places outside Her Majesty's dominions.

(3.) If a marriage warrant refers to the office without designating the name of any particular person holding the office, then, while the warrant is in force, the person for the time being holding or acting in such office shall be a marriage officer.

(4.) A Secretary of State may, by warrant under his hand, vary or revoke any marriage warrant previously issued under this Act.

(5.) Where a marriage officer has no seal of his office, any reference in this Act to the official seal shall be construed to refer to any seal ordinarily used by him, if authenticated by his signature with his official name and description.

12. A marriage under this Act may be solemnized on board one of Her Majesty's ships on a foreign station, and with respect to such marriage —

(a) subject to the marriage regulations a marriage warrant of a Secretary of State may authorise the commanding officer of the ship to be a marriage officer;

273

1892. Foreign Marriage Act, 1892. Ch. 23.

(b) the provisions of this Act shall apply with the prescribed modifications.

13. — (1.) After a marriage has been solemnized under this Act Avoidance of it shall not be necessary, in support of the marriage, to give obiec.tion*to any proof of the residence for the time required by or in pursuance accoam of °D of this Act of either of the parties previous to the marriage, or of want of for the consent of any person whose consent thereto is required by law, ^orit°of nor shall any evidence to prove the contrary be given in any legal office°rn y ° proceeding touching the validity of the marriage.

(2.) Where a marriage purports to have been solemnized and registered under this Act in the official house of a British ambassador or consul, or on board one of Her Majesty's ships, it shall not be necessary in support of the marriage, to give any proof of the authority of the marriage officer by or before whom the marriage was solemnized and registered, nor shall any evidence to prove his want of authority, whether by reason of his not being a duly authorised marriage officer or of any prohibitions or restrictions under the marriage regulations or otherwise, be given in any legal proceeding touching the validity of the marriage.

14. If a marriage is solemnized under this Act by means of any Forfeiture of wilfully false notice signed, or oath made by either party to the property in marriage, as to any matter for which a notice, or oath, is by this f^ulent Act required, the Attorney General may sue for the forfeiture of all marriage, estate and interest in any property in England accruing to the offending party by the marriage; and the proceedings thereupon,

and the consequences thereof, shall be the same as are provided by law in the like case with regard to marriages solemnized in England according to the rites of the Church of England.

15. If a person — Punishment of

(a) knowingly and wilfully makes a false oath or signs a false false oath or notice, under this Act, for the purpose of procuring a marriage, not ce‘

or

(b) forbids a marriage under this Act by falsely representing himself to be a person whose consent to the marriage is required by law, knowing such representation to be false,

such person shall suffer the penalties of perjury, and may be tried in any county in England and dealt with in the same manner in all respects as if the offence had been committed in that county.

16. — (1.) Any book, notice, or document directed by this Act to Evidence, be kept by the marriage officer or in the archives of his office, shall be of such a public nature as to be admissible in evidence on its mere production from the custody of the officer.

(2.) A certificate of a Secretary of State as to any house, office, chapel, or other place being, or being part of, the official house of a British ambassador or consul shall be conclusive.

17. All the provisions and penalties of the Marriage Registration Application of Acts, relating to any registrar, or register of marriages or certified 5ct» copies thereof, shall extend to every marriage officer, and to the Act. registers of marriages under this Act, and to the certified copies thereof (so far as the same are applicable thereto), as if herein

S

274 Ch. 23. Foreign Marriage, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

re-enacted and in terms made applicable to this Act, and as if every marriage officer were a registrar under the said Acts.

Registration of marriages solemnized under local law.

18. Subject to the marriage regulations, a British consul, or person authorised to act as British consul, on being satisfied by personal attendance that a marriage between parties, of whom one at least is a British subject, has been duly solemnized in a foreign country, in accordance with the local law of the country, and on payment of the proper fee, may register the marriage in accordance with the marriage regulations as having been so solemnized, and thereupon this Act shall apply as if the marriage had been registered in pursuance of this Act, except that nothing in this Act shall affect the validity of the marriage so solemnized

Power to refuse solemnization of marriage where marriage inconsistent with international law.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 86.

19. A marriage officer shall not be required to solemnize a marriage, or to allow a marriage to be solemnized in his presence, if in his opinion the solemnization thereof would be inconsistent with international law or the comity of nations;

Provided that any person requiring his marriage to be solemnized shall, if the officer refuses to solemnize it or allow it to be solemnized in his presence, have the right of appeal to the Secretary of State given by this Act.

20. The proper fee under this Act shall be such fee as may for the time being be fixed under the Consular Salaries and Fees Act, 1891; and the fee so fixed as respects a consul shall be the fee which may be taken by any marriage officer; and the provisions relating to the levying, application, and remission of and accounting for fees under that Act shall apply to the same when taken by any marriage officer who is not a consul.

Power to make 21. — (1.) Her Majesty the Queen in Council may make regula-

marriage tions (in this Act referred to as the marriage regulations) —

regulations. v # 0 '

(a.) Prohibiting or restricting the exercise by marriage officers of their powers under this Act in cases where the exercise of those powers appears to Her Majesty to be inconsistent with international law or the comity of nations, or in places where sufficient facilities appear to Her Majesty to exist without the exercise of those powers, for the solemnization of marriages to which a British subject is a party; and (b.) Determining what offices, chapels, or other places are, for the purposes of marriages under this Act, to be deemed to be part of the official house or the office of a marriage officer; and (c.) Modifying in special cases or classes of cases the requirements of this Act as to residence and notice, so far as such modification appears to Her Majesty to be consistent with the observance of due precautions against clandestine marriages; and

(d.) Prescribing the forms to be used under this Act; and (e.) Adapting this Act to marriages on board one of Her Majesty's ships; and to marriages by or before a governor, high commissioner, resident, or other officer, and authorising the appointment of a person to act under this Act in the place of a high commissioner or resident; and

1892.

Foreign Marriage, 1892. Ch. 23.

275

(/.) Determining who is to be the marriage officer for the purpose of a marriage in the official house of a British ambassador, or on board one of Her Majesty's ships, whether such officer is described in the regulations or named in pursuance thereof, and authorising such officer to act without any marriage warrant; and (g.) Determining the conditions under which and the mode in which marriages solemnized in accordance with the local law of a foreign country may be registered under this Act; and (h.) Making such provisions as seem necessary or proper for carrying into effect this Act or any marriage regulations; and (i.) Varying or revoking any marriage regulations previously made.

(2.) All regulations purporting to be made in pursuance of this section may be made either generally or with reference to any particular case or class of cases, and shall be published under the authority of Her Majesty's Stationery Office, and laid before both Houses of Parliament, and deemed to be within the powers of this Act, and shall while in force have effect as if enacted by this Act.

(3.) Any marriage regulations which dispense for any reason, whether residence out of the district or otherwise, with the requirements of this Act as to residence and notice, may require as a condition or consequence of the dispensation, the production of such notice, certificate, or document, and the taking of such oath, and may authorise the publication or grant of such notice, certificate, or document, and the charge of such fees as may be prescribed by the regulations; and the provisions of this Act, including those enacting punishments with reference to any false notice or oath, shall apply as if the said notice, certificate, or document were a notice, and such oath were an oath, within the meaning of those provisions.

22. It is hereby declared that all marriages solemnized within Validity of the British lines by any chaplain or officer or other person officiating under the orders of the commanding officer of a British within British army serving abroad, shall be as valid in law as if the same had lines, been solemnized within the United Kingdom, with a due observance

of all forms required by law.

23. Nothing in this Act shall confirm or impair or in anywise Saving, affect the validity in law of any marriage solemnized beyond the seas, otherwise than as herein provided, and this Act shall not extend to the marriage of any of the Royal family.

24. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, — Definitions. The expression "Registrar-General" means the Registrar-

General of Births, Deaths, and Marriages in England:

The expression "Attorney General" means Her Majesty's Attorney General, or if there is no such Attorney General, or the Attorney General is unable or incompetent to act, Her Majesty's Solicitor General, for England:

The expression "the Marriage Registration Acts" means the Act of the session of the sixth and seventh years of the reign of

276

Ch. 23.

Foreign Marriage Act, 1892. 55 & 56 VICT.

[Commencement of Act.]

Repeal and sayings.

[Short title.]

King William the Fourth, chapter eighty-six, intituled " An Act for registering births, deaths, and marriages in England " and the enactments amending the same:

The expression "official house of a marriage officer" means, subject to the provisions of any marriage regulations, the office at which the business of such officer is transacted, and the official house of residence of such officer, and, in the case of any officer, who is an officer for solemnizing marriages in the official house of an ambassador, means the official house of the ambassador:

The expression "consul" means a consul-general, consul, vice-consul, pro-consul, or consular agent:

The expression "ambassador " includes a minister and a charge d'affaires:

The expression "prescribed" means prescribed by marriage regulations under this Act.

25. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January next after the passing thereof.

26. — (1.) The Acts specified in the schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent in the third column of that Schedule mentioned.

Provided that —

(a) any Order in Council in force under any Act so repealed shall continue in force as if made in pursuance of this Act; and

(b) any proceedings taken with reference to a marriage, any register book kept, and any warrant issued in pursuance of the Acts hereby repealed, shall have effect as if taken, kept, and issued in pursuance of this Act; and

(c.) The fees which can be taken in pursuance of the Acts hereby repealed may continue to be taken in like manner as if fixed in pursuance of the Consular Salaries and Fees Act, 1891, and may be altered accordingly; and

(d.) The forms prescribed by or in pursuance of the Acts hereby repealed may continue to be used as if prescribed by an Order in Council under this Act.

(2.) Every marriage in fact solemnized and registered by or before a British consul or other marriage officer in intended pursuance of any Act hereby repealed shall, notwithstanding such repeal or any defect in the authority of the consul or the solemnization of the marriage elsewhere than at the consulate, be as valid as if the said Act had not been repealed, and the marriage had been solemnized at the consulate by or before a duly authorised consul;

Provided that this enactment shall not render valid any marringe declared invalid before the passing of this Act by any competent court, or render valid any marriage either of the parties to which has, before the passing of this Act, lawfully intermarried with any other person.

27. This Act may be cited as the Foreign Marriage Act, 1892.

1892.

Foreign Marriage Act, 1892.

SCHEDULE. Enactments Repealed.

Ch. 23, 24.

277

Session and Chapter. Title. Extent of Repeal.

4 Geo. 4. c. 91. An Act to relieve His Majesty's subjects from all doubt concerning the validity of certain marriages solemnized abroad. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 68. - The Consular Marriage Act, 1849. The whole Act.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 61. The Consular Marriage Act, 1868. The whole Act.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 14. - The Naturalization Act, 1870. In section eleven, the words, "and of the " marriages of persons married at " any of Her Majesty's embassies " or legations."

53 & 54 Vict. c. 47. - The Marriage Act, 1890 - The whole Act.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 74. - The Foreign Marriage Act, 1891. The whole Act.

CHAPTER 24.

An Act to amend the Post Office Act, 1891, in relation to its application to Scotland, and to apply that Act to the Isle of Man and to the Channel Islands.

[27th June 1892.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. In the application of the Post Office Act, 1891, to Scotland, Application of the following provisions shall have effect: — v, ct

(1.) The Secretary for Scotland shall be substituted for the Scotland. Local Government Board:

(2.) The local authority under the Public Health (Scotland) Act, so & si Vict. 1867, being a town council or police commissioners, or trustees, °*101, exercising the powers of police commissioners shall be substituted for the council of a borough and an urban sanitary authority and the district of that authority for a borough or urban sanitary district:

278

Ch. 24.

Post Office Act, 1892.

55 & 56 Vict.

34 & 85 Vict. c. 88.

52 & 58 Vict. c. 50.

52 & 58 Vict. <5. 50.

Application of 54 & 55 Vict. c. 46. to Isle of Man.

Extension of 54 & 55 Vict c. 46. to Channel Islands.

[Short title.]

(3.) Any costs incurred under section seven of the said Act may be paid as expenses under the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867, are paid, and money may be borrowed for the purposes of the said section in the same manner and subject to the same conditions as money may be borrowed for the erection of hospitals under the Public Health (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1871:

(4.) The district committee, or, where a county has not been divided into districts under the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889, the county council, shall be substituted for the rural sanitary authority, and the district of such committee or the county shall be substituted for the district of the rural sanitary authority, and a parish for a contributory place.

(5.) Any costs incurred by reason of an undertaking under section eight of the said Act shall be defrayed as part of the expenditure of the district committee or county council, as the case may be, under the Public Health Acts as defined by the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889, but the assessment for those costs shall be levied only within the parish or parishes in respect of which the expenses are incurred.

2. The Post Office Act, 1891 (with the exception of section eight of that Act), shall apply to the Isle of Man, with the following modifications: —

(1.) The Tynwald Court of that Isle shall be substituted for the Local Government Board:

(2.) A local government district shall be substituted for a borough or urban sanitary district, and the commissioners of a local government district for the council of a borough and for an urban sanitary authority:

(3.) Any costs incurred under section seven of the said Act may be paid as expenses of the commissioners out of the district fund, and any money may be borrowed for the purposes of the said section in the same manner and subject to the same conditions as if those purposes were purposes of the Local Government Act, 1886, being an Act of the Legislature of the said Isle.

3. The Po9t Office Act, 1891 (with the exception of sections seven and eight of that Act), shall apply to the Channel Islands, and the Royal Courts of the Channel Islands shall register the same accordingly.

4. This Act may be cited as the Post Office Act, 1892.

1892. Taxe# (Regulation of Remuneration) Ch. 25, 26. 279

Amendment Act, 1892.

CHAPTER 25.

An Act to amend the Taxes (Regulation of Remuneration)

Act, 1891.

[27th June 1892.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) The poundage payable to a clerk to Commissioners of Amendment of Land Tax and to a collector of land tax is hereby abolished as 55 Vict* respects the year which commenced on the sixth day of April one thousand eight hundred and ninety-one and any subsequent year, and in lieu thereof the clerk shall receive a sum not less than the amount paid to the clerk by way of poundage, or which would have been payable to the clerk if he had been so paid, for the year which commenced on the sixth day of April one thousand eight hundred and ninety, and the collector shall receive a sum not less than the sum paid to the collector by way of poundage for the same year.

(2.) Section six of the Taxes (Regulation of Remuneration) Act,

1891, shall have effect as if the words "assessor or collector" were therein substituted for the word "assessor."

2. This Act may be cited as the Taxes (Regulation of Remu- short title, neration) Amendment Act, 1892, and the Taxes (Regulation of Remuneration) Act, 1891, and this Act may be cited together as the Taxes (Regulation of Remuneration) Acts, 1891 and 1892.

CHAPTER 26.

An Act to make provision respecting Advances made by the National Debt Commissioners under the National Debt (Redemption) Act, 1889.

[27th June 1892.]

WHEREAS the Treasury, in pursuance of the National Debt 5*2 & 58 Vict (Redemption) Act, 1889, borrowed, by Exchequer bonds c-4* and otherwise, and the National Debt Commissioners out of moneys in their hands on account of trustee and post office savings banks advanced, various sums of which there remain unpaid sums amounting in the aggregate to thirteen million pounds:

And whereas it is expedient to make provision respecting the said advance (in this Act referred to as the redemption advance):

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) The Treasury shall on such day within three months Charge for after the passing of this Act as they may fix, create in the books

280

Ch. 26, 27. National Debt (Conversion of Exchequer 55 & 56 Vict.

Bonds) Ac, 1892.

National Debt Commissioners, and cancellation of existing security.

51 & 52 Vict.

c. 2.

[Short title.]

Power to

release

deposits.

of the Treasury and Exchequer a charge upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom in favour of the National Debt Commissioners for thirteen million pounds.

(2.) The charge created by this Act shall bear interest at the rate of two pounds fifteen shillings per cent, per annum, and such interest shall be charged on the Consolidated Fund and paid out of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt, and shall be payable by equal quarterly payments on the same days as the dividends on consolidated stock, converted under the National Debt Conversion Act, 1888, and a proportionate part shall be paid for any broken quarter at the beginning of the charge created under this Act or on the payment off of the debt or any part thereof.

(3.) Upon the creation of the charge under this Act all Exchequer bonds and securities issued in respect of the redemption advance shall be cancelled as from the date of such creation, all interest due thereon being paid up to that date.

(4.) If the National Debt Commissioners at any time certify under the hand of their Comptroller General or Assistant Comptroller that it is desirable to issue money to them on account of the charge created under this Act, the Treasury shall charge on and issue out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof to the Commissioners the sum named in the certificate, and the charge shall be reduced by the amount so issued.

(5.) Any portion of the charge created under this Act may at any time be paid off in cash, either by the Treasury or by the application of all or any part of the old sinking fund or of the new sinking fund, and the charge shall be reduced by the amount so paid.

2. This Act may be cited as the National Debt (Conversion of Exchequer Bonds) Act, 1892.

CHAPTER 27.

An Act to authorise the release of certain Deposits, and the cancellation of certain Bonds, made or given to secure the performance of undertakings authorised by Parliament.

[27th June 1892.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) Where in pursuance of any general or special Act of Parliament, or of any rules made thereunder, moneys or securities have been deposited with, or are standing in the name of, the Paymaster-General to secure the completion by any company of any undertaking authorised by Parliament, or by any certificate issued under the authority of an Act of Parliament, and the undertaking

1892.

Parliamentary Deposits and Bonds Act, 1892. Ch. 27.

281

has not been completed within the time limited in that behalf, the High Court may, notwithstanding anything in any such general or special Act or rules, order that the moneys or securities (in this Act called the deposit fund), or any part thereof, be applied towards compensating any landowners or other persons whose property has been interfered with or otherwise rendered less valuable by the commencement, construction, or abandonment of the undertaking, or any portion thereof, or who have been subjected to injury or loss in consequence of any compulsory powers of taking property given in connexion with the undertaking, and have received no compensation or inadequate compensation for such injury or loss; and also, in the case of a tramway company, towards compensating the road authorities for the expenses incurred by them in taking up any tramway or materials connected therewith placed by the tramway company in or on any road vested in or maintainable by the road authorities, and in making good all damage caused to such roads by the construction or abandonment of the tramway.

(2.) Subject to payment of any such compensation, and notwithstanding any provision as to forfeiture to the Crown, the High Court may. if a receiver has been appointed, or the company is insolvent and has been ordered to be wound up, or the undertaking has been abandoned, order that the deposit fund or any part thereof be paid or transferred to the receiver or to the liquidator of the company, or be applied as part of the assets of the company for the benefit of the creditors thereof.

(3.) Subject to such application as aforesaid the High Court may, after such public notice as to the Court seems reasonable, order that the deposit fund or any part thereof be paid or transferred to the depositors or the persons claiming through or under them.

(4.) If any money or securities deposited with or standing in the name of the Paymaster General for the purposes of this section on or before the thirty-first of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety are not claimed by or on behalf of the depositors thereof within ten years after the passing of this Act, the Treasury may pay or transfer the same to the National Debt Commissioners to be applied by them towards the reduction of the National Debt.

(5.) This section shall apply to any person or body of persons authorised by Parliament or by any such certificate as aforesaid to carry out an undertaking as if he or they were a company.

2. Where in pursuance of any general or special Act of Parliament any bond has been given to secure the completion of any undertaking authorised by Parliament, or by any certificate issued under the authority of an Act of Parliament, and the undertaking has not been completed within the time limited in that behalf, the money thereby secured shall be applicable to the same purposes as the deposit fund herein-before mentioned, and the Treasury may, if they think fit, cancel the bond on proof to their satisfaction that the money thereby secured has been applied or is not required for those purposes.

Power to cancel bonds.

282

Ch. 27, 28. Parliamentary Deposits and Bonds 55 & 56 Vict.

Act, 1892.

Application

Scotland.

Application

Ireland.

[Short title.]

Duties on tobacco.

[Short title.]

3. In the application of this Act to Scotland —

The expression "Paymaster General " shall mean the Queen's and Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer:

The expression "High Court " shall mean the Court of Session in either division thereof.

4. In the application of this Act to Ireland —

The expression "Paymaster General " shall mean the Accountant General of the Supreme Court:

The expression "tramway " shall include railway.

5. This Act may be cited as the Parliamentary Deposits and Bonds Act, 1892.

CHAPTER 28.

An Act to amend the Law respecting the Customs Duties in the Isle of Man.

[27th June 1892.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. In lieu of the duties previously charged on tobacco imported or brought into the Isle of Man, there shall be charged the duties following; that is to say,

Rates of Duty

Unmanufactured, containing in every 100 lbs. weight thereof —

10 lbs. or more of moisture -

Less than 10 lbs. of moisture -Manufactured —

Segars -

Cavendish or Negrohead -

Snuff, containing in every 100 lbs. weight thereof —

More than 13 lbs. of moisture -Not more than 13 lbs. of moisture Other manufactured tobacco and Cavendish or Negro-head manufactured in bond -

2. This Act may be cited as the Isle of Man Customs Act, 1892.

per lb.

£ 8. d

0 3 2

0 3 6

0 5 0

0 4 6

0 3 9

0 4 6

0 4 0

1892.

Technical and Industrial Institutions Act, 1892. Ch. 29.

283

CHAPTER 29.

An Act to facilitate the Acquisition and Holding of Land by Institutions for promoting Technical and Industrial Instruction and Training.

[27th June 1892.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Technical and Industrial Institutions Act, 1892.

2. This Act applies to every institution established, whether before or after the passing of this Act, for effecting all or any of the following purposes, that is to say:—

(i.) To give technical instruction within the meaning of the Technical Instruction Act, 1889;

(ii.) To provide the training, mental or physical, necessary for the above purpose.

(iii.) In connexion with the purposes before mentioned, to provide workshops, tools, scientific apparatus and plant of all kinds, libraries, reading rooms, halls for lectures, exhibitions, and meetings, gymnasiums, and swimming baths, and also general facilities for mental and physical training, recreation, and amusement, and also all necessary and proper accommodation for persons frequenting the institutions; and every such institution is in this Act referred to as the institution.

3. — (1.) The governing body of the institution may be any body corporate, council, public authority, local authority, commissioners, directors, committee, trustees, or other body of persons, corporate or unincorporate, willing to undertake, or elected or appointed for the purpose of undertaking, or having, the government and management of the institution.

(2.) The governing body may make byelaws and rules for the management and conduct of the institution.

4. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and the Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860 (except the provisions of those Acts relating to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, and with respect to the entry upon lands by promoters of the undertaking, and with respect to determining the amount of purchase money by valuation of surveyors), are hereby incorporated in this Act.

5. The governing body of the institution may by agreement enter on, take, and use any land required by them for the purposes

[Short title.]

Definition of institution.

52 & 58 Vict c. 76.

Governing

body.

Incorporation of 8 & 9 Vict. c. 18.

28 & 24 Vict. c. 106.

Power to take land by agreement.

284 Ch. 29. Technical and Industrial Institutions 55 & 66 Vict.

, 1892.

of the institution, and such land may be conveyed either to the governing body or to trustees for the governing body.

Conveyance 6. — (1.) A conveyance of land may be made to the governing

ofwle6 by the institution or to trustees for the governing body either

exchange, or for valuable consideration in money, or in consideration of a rent-gift. charge, or by way of exchange for other land, or, subject as

in this Act provided, by way of free gift, and without any consideration.

(2.) A conveyance under this Act by a person having an equitable estate shall operate to pass any bare outstanding legal estate vested in a trustee.

Conveyances 7. — (1.) A conveyance under this Act by a person not entitled

by limited to dispose absolutely for his own benefit of the land proposed to be owners. conveyed (other than a conveyance on a sale or exchange for the

best consideration in money, or by way of rentcharge, or in land to be reasonably obtained) shall be subject to the following restrictions and provisions: —

(a.) It shall not in itself, or in addition to any land conveyed under this Act by the same person, comprise more than two acres in the whole in any one county, city, or borough:

(6.) It shall be made either with the consent of the person, if any, entitled to the next estate of freehold in remainder for the time being, or with the approval of the High Court of Justice.

(2.) Every application to the Court for an order approving a conveyance under this Act shall be by summons in chambers, and shall, subject to the Acts regulating the Court, be assigned to the Chancery Division.

(3.) On any such application the Court may direct notice to be served on such persons, if any, as it thinks fit.

(4.) On any such application the Court shall have regard to the circumstances of the settled estate, the wants of the neighbourhood, and the interests of the persons entitled in remainder, and the Court, if it thinks fit under all the circumstances of the case, may make an order approving the proposed conveyance. Such order, if the Court thinks fit, may be made on such terms and conditions, if any, as the Court thinks proper; but no such order shall be made if the application is opposed by any person entitled in remainder, unless the Court is of opinion that the opposition is unreasonable, or the interest of the person opposing so remote that it may properly be disregarded.

Institution to 8. Every institution for which land has been acquired under an be public. exercise of the powers conferred by this Act shall be open generally either to all persons or to all persons within specified limits as to age, qualification, or otherwise, and either without payment or on specified terms as to times of attendance and payment of subscriptions or fees or otherwise, but so that no preference be given to any person or class of persons within the specified limits.

285

1892. Technical and Industrial Institutions Ch. 29, 30.

Act, 1892.

9. — (1.) Land acquired under the powers of this Act shall not be used otherwise than for the purposes of an institution within the meaning of this Act, but, with the consent of the Charity Commissioners, may be sold or may be exchanged for other land.

(2.) The governing body or their trustees may execute conveyances and do all acts necessary to effectuate a sale or exchange.

(3.) On a sale, the receipt of the governing body or of the trustees for the governing body shall be a sufficient discharge for the purchase money, and such money shall, as soon as convenient, be invested in the purchase of other land.

(4.) Land purchased or taken in exchange under this section shall be devoted to the same purposes and be liable to the same incidents as originally were applicable to or affected the land sold or given in exchange.

(5.) Money arising by sale may, until reinvested in the purchase of land, be invested in the names of the governing body or of trustees for the governing body in any manner in which trust money is for the time being by law authorised to be invested; and all dividends and income on investments so made and all the resulting income shall be invested in like manner so as to accumulate in the way of compound interest, and be added to capital until the capital is reinvested in the purchase of land.

10. — (1.) Parts I. and II. of the Mortmain and Charitable Uses Act, 1888, and so much of the Mortmain and Charitable Uses Act, 1891, as requires that land assured by will shall be sold within one year from the death of the testator, shall not apply to conveyances or to assurances by will made under or for the purposes of this Act, but every such conveyance or assurance shall be enrolled as soon as may be in the books of the Charity Commissioners.

(2.) Any corporate body may acquire and shall be entitled to hold and retain land for the purposes of this Act without any licence in mortain.

11. This Act shall not extend to Scotland.

CHAPTER 30.

An Act to amend the Alkali, &c. Works Regulation Act, 1881.

[27th June 1892.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The works specified in the schedule hereto shall be added to those specified in the schedule to the Alkali, &c. Works Regulation

Site may be sold or exchanged.

Parts I. and II. of 51 & 52 Vict. c. 42. and part of 54 & 55 Vict. c. 73. not to apply.

Extent of Act.

Addition to

scheduled

works.

286

44 & 45 Vict. c. 37.

Exemption of certain works.

[Commencement of Act.]

[Short title.]

Ch. 30. Alkali, &c. Works Regulation 55 & 56 Vict.

Act, 1892.

Act, 1881, and shall be scheduled works for the purposes of that Act.

Provided that if the process used in any work specified in Part I. of the schedule hereto shall be such that no sulphuretted hydrogen is evolved therein, the work shall not be deemed to be included in the schedule.

2. Works in which salt is produced by refining rock salt, other than those where the rock-salt is dissolved at the place of deposit, shall not be within the provisions of the Alkali, &c. Works Regulation Act, 1881, in regard to works in which the extraction of salt from brine is carried on, or of any order made or to be made under section ten of that Act.

3. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of April in the year one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three, but certificates of registration may be applied for and issued at any time after the first day of January in that year.

4. This Act may be cited as the Alkali, &c. Works Regulation Act, 1892.

SCHEDULE.

PART I.

(1.) Alkali waste works, that is to say, works for the recovery of sulphur from alkali waste or for utilizing the sulphur or any other constitueut of such waste.

(2.) Barium works, that is to say, works for the manufacture of barium compounds from barium sulphide.

(3.) Strontium works, that is to say, works for the manufacture of strontium compounds from strontium sulphide.

(4.) Antimony sulphide works, that is to say, works for the manufacture of antimony sulphide.

(5.) Bisulphide of carbon works, that is to say, works for the manufacture of bisulphide of carbon.

PART II.

(6.) Venetian red works, that is to say, works for the manufacture of Venetian red, crocus, or polishing powder, by heating sulphate or some other salt of iron.

(7.) Lead deposit works, that is to say, works where the sulphate of lead deposit from sulphuric acid chambers is smelted.

(8.) Arsenic works, that is to say, works for the preparation of arsenious acid, or where nitric acid or a nitrate is used in the manufacture of arsenic acid or an arseniate.

(9.) Nitrate and chloride of iron works, that is to say, works in which nitric acid or a nitrate is used in the manufacture of nitrate or chloride of iron.

(10.) Muriatic acid works, that is to say, works, not being alkali works as defined in the Alkali, &c. Works Regulation Act, 1881, where muriatic acid is made.

1892.

Alkali, d'C. Works Regulation Act, 1892. Ch. 30, 31.

287

(11.) Fibre separation works, that is to say, works where muriatic acid gas is used for the separation of silk or woollen fibre from vegetable fibre.

(12.) Tar works, that is to 6ay, works where gas tar is distilled or is heated in any manufacturing process.

(13.) Zinc works, or works in which zinc is extracted from the ore.

CHAPTER 31.

An Act to facilitate the acquisition of Small Agricultural Holdings.

[27th June 1892.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

PART I.

Provision of Small Holdings by County Councils.

1. — (1.) If the council of any county are of opinion that there is such a demand for small holdings in their county as justifies them in putting into operation this Part of this Act, the council may, subject to the provisions of this Act, acquire any suitable land for the purpose of providing small holdings for persons who desire to buy and will themselves cultivate the holdings.

(2.) The expression "small holding " for the purposes of this Act shall mean land acquired by a council under the powers and for the purposes of this Act, and which exceeds one acre and either does not exceed fifty acres, or, if exceeding fifty acres, is of an annual value for the purposes of the income tax not exceeding fifty pounds.

2. Where land through its proximity to a town or suitability for building purposes, or for any other special reason has a prospective value which in the opinion of the county council is too high to make its purchase for agricultural purposes desirable, the council may hire the land on lease or otherwise for the purpose of letting it in small holdings in accordance with the provisions of this Act.

3. — (1.) For the purpose of the purchase of land under this Act by a county council the Lands Clauses Acts shall be incorporated with this Act, except the provisions of those Acts with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement, which provisions shall not apply for the purposes of this Act; and section one hundred and seventy-eight of the Public Health Act, 1875, shall apply as if the county council were referred to therein.

(2.) The county council may, if they think fit, before sale or letting adapt for small holdings any land acquired under this Act by dividing and fencing it, making occupation roads, and executing

Power for county council to acquire land for small holdings.

County council may lease land in lieu of purchasing.

Purchase of land and adaptation of it for small holdings.

38 & 89 Vict. c. 55.

288

Ch. 31.

Small Holdings Act, 1892.

55 & 56 Vict.

Sale or letting of small holdings.

Committee of and inquiry by council.

any other works, such as works for the provision of drainage or water supply, which can in the opinion of the council be more economically and efficiently executed for the land as a whole.

(3.) The county council may also, if they think fit, as part of the agreement for the sale or letting of a small holding, adapt the land for a small holding by erecting thereon such buildings, or making such adaptations of existing buildings, as in their opinion are required for the due occupation of the holding, and cannot be made by the purchaser or tenant.

4. — (1.) The county council shall apportion the total cost of the acquisition of the land, and of any adaptation thereof, among the several holdings in such manner as seems just, and shall, save as herein-after mentioned, offer the small holdings for sale in accordance with rules under this Act.

(2.) Where the county council are of opinion that any persons desirous of themselves cultivating small holdings are unable to buy on the terms fixed by this Act, or where the land has been hired by the council on lease or otherwise, the council may, in the case of any small holding which either does not exceed fifteen acres in extent, or if exceeding fifteen acres is of the annual value for the purpose of the income tax not exceeding fifteen pounds, instead of offering it for sale, offer to let it in accordance with rules under this Act.

Provided that a tenant of any small holding may, before the expiration of his tenancy, remove any fruit and other trees and bushes planted or acquired by him for which he has no claim for compensation, and remove any toolhouse, shed, greenhouse, fowl-house, or pigsty built or acquired by him for which he has no claim for compensation.

(3.) The county council shall have power to sell, or, in the case of small holdings which may be let, to let one or more small holdings to a number of persons working on a co-operative system, provided such system be approved by the county council.

(4.) The cost of acquisition and adaptation shall for the purposes of this section include every expense incurred by the council in relation to the land, inclusive of any allowance to any officers of the council for work done in relation thereto.

5. — (1.) Any county council may, and every county council not being a council of a county borough shall, appoint a committee to consider whether the circumstances of the county justify the council in putting into operation this Part of this Act.

(2.) Any one or more county electors may present a petition to the council of their county alleging that there is a demand for small holdings in the county, and praying that this Part of this Act may be put in operation, and thereupon the petition shall be referred to the committee appointed under this section, who, on being satisfied that the petition is presented in good faith and on reasonable grounds, shall forthwith cause an inquiry into the circumstances to be made and shall report the result to the council.

1892.

Small Holdings Act, 1892.

Cet. 31.

289

(3.) If any councillor representing or alderman residing in any electoral division of a county in which it is alleged that there is a demand for small holdings is not a member of the committee, he shall be added to the committee for the consideration of the alleged demand.

6. — (1.) The purchase money for each small holding sold by the Regulations as county council shall include the costs of registration of title, butt0 purchase shall not include any expense incurred by the purchaser for legal &n

or other advice or assistance.

(2.) Every purchaser shall, within such time, not less than one month after the purchase, as is fixed by rules under this Act, complete the purchase.

» (3.) On such completion he shall pay not less than one fifth

of the purchase money.

(4.) A portion representing not more than one fourth of the purchase money may, if the county council think fit, be secured by a perpetual rentcharge which shall be redeemable in manner directed by section forty-five of the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act, 44 & 45 Vict. 1881, with respect to rentcharges to which that section applies. c*41

(5.) The residue (if any) of the purchase money shall be secured by a charge on the holding in favour of the council, and shall either be repaid by half-yearly instalments of principal with such interest, and within such term not exceeding fifty years from the date of the sale, as may be agreed on with the council, or shall if the purchaser so requires, be repaid with such interest and within such term as aforesaid by a terminable annuity payable by equal half-yearly instalments. The amount for the time being unpaid may at any time be discharged, and any such terminable annuity may at any time be redeemed, in accordance with tables fixed by the county council.

(6.) The council may, if they think fit, agree to postpone for a term not exceeding five years the time for payment of all or any part of an instalment either of principal or interest or of a terminable annuity, in consideration of expenditure by the purchaser which, in the opinion of the council, increases the value of the holding, but shall do so on such terms as will, in their opinion, prevent them from incurring any loss.

(7.) A small holding may be sold subject to such rights of way or other rights for the benefit of other small holdings as the council consider necessary or expedient.

7. Every county council acquiring land under this Act shall Rules as to make rules for carrying into effect this Act, except as otherwise mod "nd.

i conditions of

provided, and in particular — salc>

(a) as to the manner in which holdings are to be sold or let or offered for sale or letting; and

(b) as to the notice to be given of the offer for sale or letting; and

(c) for guarding against any small holding being let or sold to a person who is unable to cultivate it properly, and otherwise for securing the proper cultivation of a holding.

290

Ch. 31.

Small Holdings, 1892.

55 & 56 Vict.

List to be kept by county council.

Conditions affecting small holdings.

8. Every county council shall keep a list of the owners and occupiers of small holdings sold or let by them, and a map or plan showing the size, boundaries, and situation of each small holding so sold or let.

9. — (1.) Every small holding sold by a county council under this Act shall for a term of twenty years from the date of the sale, and thereafter so long as any part of the purchase money remains unpaid, be held subject to the following conditions: —

(a.) That any periodical payments due in respect of the purchase money shall be duly made;

(6.) That the holding shall not be divided, subdivided, assigned let, or sublet without the consent of the county council;

(c.) That the holding shall be cultivated by the owner or occupier as the case may be, and shall not be used for any purpose other than agriculture;

id.) That not more than one dwelling-house shall be erected on the holding;

(e.) That any dwelling-house erected on the holding shall comply with such requirements as the county council may impose for securing healthiness and freedom from overcrowding;

(/.) That no dwelling-house or building on the holding shall be used for the sale of intoxicating liquors;

(g.) In the case of any holding on which, in the opinion of the county council, a dwelling-house ought not to be erected, that no dwelling-house shall be erected on the holding without the consent of the county council.

(2.) If any such condition is broken, the council may, after giving the owner an opportunity of remedying the breach, if it is capable of remedy, cause the holding to be sold.

(3.) If on the decease of the owner while the holding is subject to the conditions imposed by this section, the holding would, by reason of any devise, bequest, intestacy, or otherwise, become subdivided, the council may require the holding to be sold within twelve months after such decease to some one person, and if default is made in so selling the holding, the council may cause the holding-to be sold.

(4.) Any sale by the county council under this section may be made either subject to the charge in respect of purchase money or free, wholly or partly, from that charge, and in either case the provisions of this Act with respect to the purchase money shall apply in like manner as if the sale were the first sale of a small holding under this Act.

(5.) The proceeds of the sale shall be applied in discharge of any unpaid purchase money for the holding or redemption of any rentcharge or terminable annuity which is not to continue a charge on the holding, and, subject as aforesaid, shall be paid to the person appearing to the council to be entitled to receive the same.

(6.) The county council may, under special circumstances, to be recorded in their minutes, sell or consent to the sale under this section of a small holding free from all or any of the conditions imposed by this section, and may give such consent on such terms as they think fit.

1892.

Small Holdings , 1892. Ch. 31.

29]

(7.) Every small holding let by a county council under the foregoing provisions of this Act shall be held subject to the conditions on which it would under this section be held if it were sold, except so far as those conditions relate to the purchase money; and if any such condition or any term of the letting is broken the council may, after giving the tenant an opportunity of remedying the breach (if it is capable of remedy) determine the tenancy.

(8.) Nothing in or done under this section shall derogate from the effect of any building or sanitary byelaws for the time being in force.

10. — (1.) When a county council have purchased land under this Act, they shall apply for their registration as proprietors thereof with an absolute title under the Land Transfer Act, 1875.

(2.) Rules under the Land Transfer Act, 1875, may —

(a) adapt that Act to the registration of small holdings, with such modifications as appear to be required; and

(b) on the application and at the expense of a county council provide, by the appointment of local agents or otherwise, for carrying into effect the objects of this section.

11. If at any time after the restrictive conditions imposed by this Act have ceased to attach to a small holding, the owner of the holding desires to use the holding for purposes other than agriculture, he shall before so doing, whether the holding is situate within a town or built upon or not, offer the holding for sale, first to the county council from whom the holding was purchased, next to the person or persons (if any) then entitled to the lands from which the holding was originally severed, and then to the person or persons whose lands immediately adjoin the holding, and sections one hundred and twenty-seven to one hundred and thirty of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, shall apply as if the owner of the small holding were the promoter of the undertaking, and the holding were superfluous lands within the meaning of those sections.

12. Where a person having the powers of a tenant for life within the meaning of the Settled Land Act, 1882, sells, exchanges, or leases, any settled land to a county council for the purposes of this Act, such sale, exchange, or lease may be made at such a price, or for such consideration, or at such rent as, having regard to the said purposes and to all the circumstances of the case, is the best that can be reasonably obtained.

13. A person having the powers of a tenant for life within the meaning of the Settled Land Act, 1882, may grant the settled land, or a part thereof, to a county council for the purposes of this Act in perpetuity, at a fee farm or other rent secured by condition of re-entry, or otherwise as may be agreed upon.

14. Where any right of grazing, sheepwalk, or other similar right is attached to land acquired by a county council for the purposes of small holdings, the council may attach any share of the right to any small holding in such manner and subject to such regulations as they think expedient.

Registration of title to small holdings.

88 & 39 Vict. c. 87.

Right of par-chase, if laod diverted from agriculture.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 18.

Extension of provisions of 45 & 46 Vict. c. 38.

Power to limited owner to sell at a fee farm rent.

Power to attach grazing rights, &c. to small holdings

292

Cff. 31.

Small Holdings, 1892.

55 & 56 Vict.

Letting of land unsold and sale of superfluous or unsuitable land.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 18.

Provisions as to management of holdings.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 48.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 41.

Power of county council to advance

15. — (1.) A county council shall, if practicable, sell or let as small holdings, and in accordance with this Act, any land acquired under this Act, but if the council are of opinion that any such land is not needed for, or is unsuitable for, small holdings, or cannot be sold or let under the foregoing provisions of this Act, or that some more suitable land is available, they may sell or let the land otherwise than under the said provisions, or exchange the land for other land more suitable for small holdings, and may pay or receive money for equality of exchange, and may erect such buildings or execute such other works as will in the opinion of the council enable the land to be sold or let without loss.

(2.) The council may also, while any sale of a holding is pending in pursuance of this Act, temporarily let or manage the holding for such time and in such manner as they think expedient.

(3.) Sections one hundred and twenty-eight to one hundred and thirty-two of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845 (relating to the right of pre-emption of superfluous lands) shall apply upon any sale in pursuance of this section before any such buildings or works as aforesaid are erected or executed on the land proposed to be sold, but save as aforesaid the provisions of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the sale of superfluous lands shall not apply.

16. — (1.) Where a county council provide small holdings they may delegate, with or without restrictions, the powers of the county council under this Act with respect to the adaptation of land for any holdings, and the sale, letting, and management of any holdings to a committee consisting of —

The county councillor representing the electoral division in which the holdings are situate; and

Two other members of the county council; and

Two of the allotment managers (if any) under the Allotments Act, 1887, for the parish or area in which the holdings are situate selected by those managers, or if there are no allotment managers, two persons appointed in manner provided by that Act for the appointment of allotment managers; or

If the holdings are situate within the limits of a municipal borough, then, instead of the persons selected or appointed as aforesaid, two members of the borough council; and in the construction of this Act references to the county council shall, in their application to the powers so delegated, include any such committee. Provided that a county council shall not under this section delegate any powers of making or levying a rate or of borrowing money.

(2.) The Local Government Act, 1888, shall apply to any committee appointed under this section as if it were appointed under that Act.

PART II.

Loans by County Councils to Tenants purchasing Small

Holdings.

17. — (1.) Where the tenant of a small holding has agreed with his landlord for the purchase of the holding the county council of

1892.

Small Holdings Act, 1892. Ch. 31.

293

the county in which the holding or any part of it is situate may, if they think fit, advance to the tenant on the security of the holding an amount not exceeding four-fifths of the purchase money thereof.

(2.) The provisions of this Act with respect to the purchase money secured by a charge on a small holding sold by a county council, and with respect to any small holding so sold, shall apply to an advance made and a holding purchased under this section, as if the advance was the purchase money, save that the county council shall not guarantee the title of the purchaser of the holding.

(3.) No advance shall be made by a county council under this section, unless they are satisfied that the title to the holding is good, that the sale is made in good faith, and that the price is reasonable.

PART III.

Supplemental.

18. — (1.) A county council shall not acquire land under this Act save at such price that, in the opinion of the council, all expenses incurred by the council in relation to the land will be recouped out of the purchase money for the land sold by the council, or in the case of land let out of the rent, and shall fix the purchase money or rent at such reasonable amount as will, in their opinion, guard them against loss.

(2.) A county council shall not take any proceedings under this Act whereby the charge for the time being on the county rate, for the purposes of this Act, including the annual payments in respect of the loans raised for those purposes, is, in the opinion of the council, likely to exceed in any one year the amount produced by a rate of a penny in the pound, and, where the said charge at any time is equal or nearly equal to that amount, no further land shall be purchased in pursuance of this Act, until the charge has been decreased so as to admit of the further purchase without the charge exceeding the said amount.

19. — (1.) A county council may borrow money for the purposes of this Act in accordance with the Local Government Act, 1888, or, if the council of a county borough, with the Public Health Act. 1875, except that any money so borrowed shall, notwithstanding anything in either of those Acts, be repaid within such period not exceeding fifty years, as the council, with the consent of the Local Government Board, determine in each case. Provided that money borrowed under this Act shall not be reckoned as part of the total debt of a county for the purpose of section sixty-nine, sub-section two, of the Local Government Act, 1888.

(2.) The Public Works Loan Commissioners may, in manner provided by the Public Works Loans Act, 1875, lend any money which may be borrowed by a county council for the purposes of this Act.

(3.) Every loan by the Public Works Loan Commissioners in pursuance of this Act shall bear such rate of interest not less than three pounds two shillings and sixpence per cent per annum, as

money for purchase of small holding.

Restrictions on powers of council.

Borrowing powers and expenses.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 41.

88 & 89 Vict. c. 55.

88 & 39 Vict. c. 89.

294

Ch. 31.

Small Holdings Act, 1892.

55 & 56 Vict.

Definitions.

Modifications of Act and application to Scotland.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 19.

52 & 58 Vict.

c. 50.

Modifications with respect to regulations as to purchase money in Scotland.

the Treasury may authorise as being in their opinion sufficient to enable such loans to be made without loss to the Exchequer.

(4.) Any capital money received by a county council in payment or discharge of purchase money for land sold by them, or in repayment of an advance made by them, shall be applied, with the sanction of the Local Government Board, either in repayment of debt or for any other purpose for which capital money may be applied.

(5.) The expenses incurred by the council of a county borough under this Act shall be defrayed out of the borough fund or borough rate, and any money borrowed by such a council shall be borrowed on the security of the borough fund or borough rate.

20. For the purposes of this Act —

The expressions " agriculture " and " cultivation " shall include horticulture and the use of land for any purpose of husbandry, inclusive of the keeping or breeding of live stock, poultry or bees, and the growth of fruit, vegetables, and the like:

The expression "county " shall mean the area under the authority of a county council:

The expression "county council " shall include the council of a county borough, and the expression "electoral division " in its application to a county borough divided into wards shall mean ward, and in its application to a county borough the expression "county rate " shall mean the borough rate or borough fund:

The expression "county elector " shall include " burgess."

In this Act, and in the enactments incorporated with this Act, the expression "land " shall include any right or easement in or over land.

21. In the application of this Act to Scotland —

(1.) A reference to any sections of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, shall be construed as a reference to the corresponding sections of the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845:

(2.) A reference to the Local Government Act, 1888, shall be construed as a reference to the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889:

(3.) The Secretary for Scotland shall be substituted for the Local Government Board:

(4.) The expression "county rate " shall mean the general purposes rate leviable by a county council:

(5.) The expression "devise " shall mean mortis causa disposition: (6.) The expression "easement " shall mean servitude:

(7.) The references to county boroughs shall not apply:

(8.) The expression "county elector" shall have the same meaning as in the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889.

22. With respect to the unpaid purchase money for a small holding under this Act, the following provisions shall have effect in Scotland in lieu of sub-sections four and five of section six of this Act: —

(1.) A portion, representing not more than one fourth of the purchase money, may, if the county council think fit, be con-

1892.

Small Holdings, 1892. Ch. 81.

295

verted into a perpetual rentcharge which shall be a real burden affecting the holding, redeemable at any time at the option of the purchaser in accordance with tables fixed by the county council, and the certificate of the county clerk that the redemption money has been paid shall, without any other instrument, operate as an extinction of the rentcharge, and the registration of such certificate in the register of sasines shall be equivalent to the registration of a discharge of the said rentcharge:

(2.) The residue (if any) of the purchase money shall be secured by a bond which shall be a charge on the holding in favour of the county council, and shall either be repaid by half-yearly instalments of principal with such interest and within such term not exceeding fifty years from the date of the sale as may be agreed on with the council, or shall, if the purchaser so requires, be repaid with such interest and within such term by a terminable annuity payable by half-yearly instalments. The amount for the time being unpaid may at any time be discharged, and any such terminable annuity may at any time be redeemed in accordance with tables fixed by the county council. A certificate by the county clerk that the whole of the said residue has been paid, or that such terminable annuity has been redeemed, shall, without any other instrument, operate as a discharge of the said residue and extinction of the said terminable annuity, as the case may be, and the registration of such certificate in the register of sasines shall be equivalent to the registration of a discharge of the said bond.

23. In Scotland the county council shall cause to be prepared Modifications and duly registered all deeds, writs, and instruments, necessary for completing the title of the purchaser of a small holding, and for &c. securing the payment of any unpaid purchase money, and shall connected include in the purchase money the cost so incurred, or to be incurred, according to scales set forth in tables fixed by the county Scotland, council.

Provided that —

(1) the county council, if they think fit, may appoint a person duly qualified (in the opinion of the sheriff) to carry out the provisions of this section, and shall assign to him such salary or other remuneration as they may determine; and

(2) the county council shall not be liable for any expenses incurred by the purchaser of a small holding for legal or other advice or assistance rendered to him on his own employment.

Sections ten, twelve, and thirteen of this Act shall not apply to Scotland.

24. A committee of a county council appointed under this Act Modification *

with respect to the adaptation of land for small holdings, and the maM^ment sale, letting, and management of the holdings, shall, in Scotland, of holdings consist of — in Scotland.

The county councillor representing the electoral division in which the holdings are situate; and

296

Extent of Act.

[Commencement of Act.]

[Short title.]

Effect of conviction of clergyman for treason, felony, or grave misdemeanours, or for certain other offences.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 19.

Ch. 31, 32. Small Holdings Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Two other members of the county council; and

Two persons elected triennially by the county electors in the electoral division aforesaid, in accordance with such regulations as the Secretary for Scotland may from time to time prescribe, whether preliminary or incidental to such election, and for applying to such election any enactments as to offences at the election of county councillors, and for supplying casual vacancies on the committee; or

If the holdings are situate within the limits of any burgh, then, instead of the persons elected as aforesaid, two town councillors or commissioners, as the case may be, to be appointed for that purpose by the town council or commissioners of such burgh.

25. This Act shall not apply to Ireland.

26. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of October, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-two.

27. This Act may be cited as the Small Holdings Act, 1892.

CHAPTER 32.

An Act for better enforcing Discipline in the Case of Crimes and other Offences against Morality committed by Clergymen.

[27th June 1892.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) If either —

(a) a clergyman is convicted of treason or felony, or is convicted on indictment of a misdemeanour, and on any such conviction is sentenced to imprisonment with hard labour or any greater punishment, or (b) aD order under the Acts relating to bastardy is made on a clergyman, or

(c) a clergyman is found in a divorce or matrimonial cause to have committed adultery, or

(d) an order for judicial separation is made against a clergyman in a divorce or matrimonial cause, or

(e) a separation order is made against a clergyman under the Matrimonial Causes Act, 1878;

then, after the date at which the conviction, order, or finding . becomes conclusive, the preferment (if any) held by him shall, within twenty-one days, without further trial be declared by the bishop to be vacant as from the said date, and he shall be incapable, save as in this Act mentioned, of holding preferment

(2.) Provided that if when so convicted he receives a free pardon from the Crown his incapacity shall cease, and if he receives the pardon before the institution of another clergyman to such preferment the bishop shall, within twenty-one days after receiving notice in writing of such pardon, again institute him and cause him

1892.

Clergy Discipline Act, 1892. Ch. 32.

297

to be inducted into the preferment, and no fee shall be payable to any person whomsoever in respect thereof.

(3.) If any act required under this section to be done by a bishop is not done within the said twenty-one days it shall be done by or under the authority of the archbishop of the province.

2. If a clergyman either is convicted by a temporal court of Complaint having committed an act constituting an ecclesiastical offence, and the foregoing section does not apply to him, or is alleged to have immorality, been guilty of any immoral act, immoral conduct, or immoral habit, or of any offence against the laws ecclesiastical, being an offence against morality and not being a question of doctrine or ritual, he may be prosecuted by any of the parishioners of the parish in which such clergyman holds preferment, or by the bishop of the diocese, or by any person approved by the bishop, and tried in the consistory court of the diocese in which he holds preferment, and may be so prosecuted and tried in accordance with the prescribed procedure, subject as follows:—

(a.) If the complaint made against the clergyman appears to the bishop of the diocese to be too vague or frivolous to justify proceedings he shall disallow the prosecution:

(b.) The prosecutor may at any stage of the proceedings be ordered to give security for costs, unless the offence alleged in the prosecution is one of which the clergyman has been convicted by a temporal court:

(c.) If any question of fact (other than the fact of the conviction of a temporal court) has to be determined, and either party to a case so requires, five assessors shall be chosen in the prescribed manner, and shall, for deciding a question of fact, be members of the court; and the decision of such question must either be the unanimous decision of the assessors, or that of the chancellor and at least a majority of the assessors:

(d.) If no such decision is arrived at, the case shall, if either party so desires, be retried as soon as possible, with assessors chosen as before, save that no assessors who acted at the former trial shall act as assessors on the retrial:

(e.) The chancellor on any trial shall preside, and shall alone determine any question of law, and also any question of costs, and whether the question is one of law or of fact shall be deemed to be a question of law.

3. — (1.) The assessors shall be chosen in the prescribed manner from the list of assessors who shall be elected as soon as possible after the commencement of this Act, and every three years afterwards, as follows (that is to say):—

(a.) Three shall be elected from their own number by the' members of the cathedral church of the diocese;

(b.) Four shall be elected from their own number by the beneficed clergy of each archdeaconry in the diocese; and (c.) Five shall be elected from the justices of the county by the court of quarter sessions of each county wholly in the diocese, and of such of the counties partly in the diocese as may be prescribed.

Election of and mode of choosing assessors.

298

Ch. 32.

Clergy Discipline Act, 1892.

55 & 56 Vict.

(2.) Provided that —

(a.) The consent of an assessor to serve shall be obtained before he is elected; and (6.) If an assessor ceases to be one of the body from whom he is elected, or resigns, or dies, or becomes incapable of acting, the chancellor may declare a vacancy, and thereupon the vacancy may be filled by another election.

(3.) When the presence of assessors is required, three clergymen and two laymen shall be chosen out of the assessors on the said list by ballot conducted by the registrar in the presence of such (if any) of the parties as desire to be present by themselves or their representatives.

(4.) The assessors chosen shall be bound to attend when required, and if anyone fails so to attend without a reasonable excuse satisfactory to the chancellor he shall be disqualified for acting or being elected again as assessor, and the chancellor shall declare a vacancy, and the vacancy shall be filled by a new election.

(5.) If any assessor is objected to by either party for reasons approved by the chancellor, he shall be discharged from serving.

(6.) If by reason of any objection or of non-attendance or otherwise the requisite number of assessors is not obtained before the trial, the chancellor shall, if there is time, cause a clergyman or layman, as the case may require, to be chosen from the list of assessors by another ballot, but, if there is not time, shall appoint some clergyman or layman, as the case may require, who is willing to serve, and is not objected to by either party for cause shown and deemed sufficient by the chancellor, to make up the full number of five assessors.

4. — (1.) Either party to a case may appeal against any judgment of a consistory court under this Act in respect of any matter of law.

(2.) If a defendant desires to appeal against any judgment of a consistory court under this Act in respect of the facts, he may petition for leave to appeal, and if he satisfies the appellate court that there is a prima facie case leave shall be given, and he may appeal.

(3.) An appeal against any interlocutory judgment under this Act, not having the force or effect of a definitive sentence upon the merits of the case, shall not be allowed except by leave of the court.

(4.) An appeal or petition under this section shall be within the prescribed time and in accordance with the prescribed rules, and may (at the option of the appellant or petitioner) be to the provincial court or to Her Majesty the Queen in Council, but if to the provincial court the decision of that court shall be final.

(5.) If there is an appeal, the sentence shall be suspended until the appeal is determined or abandoned, and for the purpose of any inhibition be deemed not to have been given.

Limitation of 5. — (1.) A complaint under this Act for an offence shall not be

andSCCnduri made after five years from the date of the offence, or of the last of ne8«Cof con-V. a series of acts alleged as part of the offence, except that complaint viction, &c. may be made within two years after a conviction by a temporal court becomes conclusive.

Appeals on question of law or fact.

1892.

Clergy Discipline Act, 1892. Ch. 32.

299

(2.) A conviction, order, or finding shall become conclusive for the purposes of this Act —

(a) where there has been any appeal (whether by case reserved, special case, motion for new trial, writ of error, appeal, or otherwise), upon the date at which the appeal is dismissed or abandoned, or the proceedings on appeal are finally concluded; and

(b) if there has been no such appeal, upon the expiration of the time limited for such appeal, or where no time is so limited of two months from the date of the conviction, order, or finding;

but, if varied on appeal, shall be conclusive only as so varied, and so far as it is reversed on appeal shall cease to be of any effect.

(3.) After the conviction of a clergyman by a temporal court of committing an act becomes conclusive, a certificate of such conviction shall be conclusive proof in an ecclesiastical court that he has committed the act therein specified, except in the case of a summary conviction, against which there is no right of appeal.

(4.) In the event of any such conviction, order, or finding, by or before a temporal court, as makes the preferment of a clegyman subject to be declared vacant, or renders a clergyman liable to prosecution under this Act, the court shall cause the prescribed certificate of the conviction, order, or finding, to be sent to the bishop of the diocese in which the court sits, and such certificate shall be preserved in the registry of that diocese, or of any other diocese to which it may be sent by direction of the bishop.

6. — (1.) When a clergyman is, under this Act, adjudged guilty —

(a) regard shall be had in considering the sentence to the interests of the ecclesiastical parish or place concerned, and not to precedents of punishments; and

(b) he may be sentenced in every case to deprivation, and if so sentenced shall be incapable, save as in this Act mentioned, of holding preferment; and

(c) if he is sentenced to suspension for a term, he shall not, during that term, exercise or perform without leave of the court any right or duty of or incidental or attached to his preferment, nor reside in or within such distance from the house of residence of that preferment as is specified in the sentence, and shall not, at the end of the term, be re-admitted until he has satisfied the court of his good conduct during the term.

(2.) Where by virtue of anything in or done under this Act a clergyman becomes incapable of holding preferment, his incapacity —

(a) shall cease if he receives a free pardon from the Crown; and

(b)shall not extend to any preferment which the bishop of the diocese and archbishop of the province in which it is situate, after such public notice, if any, as they think desirable, allow him to hold.

(3.) Where by virtue of anything in or done under this Act the preferment of a clergyman is vacant, the time for lapse shall run from the date at which the prescribed notice of the vacancy is given.

Sentences and incapacity for preferment.

<^>ooQ[e

300

Ch. 32.

Clergy Discipline Act, 1892.

55 & 56 Vict.

Proceedings in case of disobedience to sentence.

Power to bishop to depose from holy orders a clergyman whose preferment is vacated under Act.

Power to make rules.

Supplemental. 8 & 4 Vict. c. 86.

7. If a clergyman wilfully disobeys a sentence passed under this Act, or any requirement or direction contained in such sentence, he may be cited before the consistory court, and if, after the prescribed proceedings for enabling him to show cause to the contrary, the chancellor is satisfied that the clergyman has been so wilfully disobedient and ought to be punished for it, the chancellor may pronounce judgment against him, which shall be subject to the like appeal as if pronounced on a trial under this Act, and sentence him to such ecclesiastical punishment as the gravity of the case appears to require, including a sentence of deprivation; and where any sentence is so passed, the writ de contumace capiendo shall not be issued.

8. Where by virtue of this Act, or of any sentence passed in pursuance of this Act, the preferment of a clergyman becomes vacant, and it appears to the bishop of the diocese that such clergyman ought also to be deposed from holy orders, the bishop may, by sentence and without any further formality, depose him, and the sentence of deposition shall be recorded in the registry of the diocese: Provided always, that such clergyman may appeal against the said sentence within one month from the date thereof to the archbishop of the province, whose decision shall be final.

9. — (1.) The Rule Committee, that is to say the Lord Chancellor, the Lord Chief Justice of England, the judge of the provincial court, and the archbishops and bishops who are members of the Privy Council, or any three of the said persons, two of them being the Lord Chancellor and one other of the aforesaid judicial persons, may make rules for carrying this Act into effect, and in particular for regulating all matters relating to procedure, practice, costs, expenses, and fee3 under this Act, including the appeals (so far as rules made by the Privy Council or the Judicial Committee do not extend), the electing and choosing of assessors, the place of sitting of the court, the giving of security for costs, the passing of sentences, the validity of proceedings notwithstanding defects of form or irregularity, the application of this Act to a clergyman who cannot be found, or holds no preferment, or several preferments, the liability to and recovery of costs and expenses, the forms to be used, and all matters incidental to or connected with the administration of justice under this Act.

(2.) Every rule purporting to be made in pursuance of this section shall be forthwith laid before both Houses of Parliament, and if an address is presented to Her Majesty the Queen by either House within the next forty days thereafter on which that House has sat, praying that any such rule may be annulled, Her Majesty in Council may annul the same, without prejudice to the validity of anything done in the meantime in pursuance thereof; but subject as aforesaid, every such rule shall, while unrevoked, be of the same validity as if enacted in this Act.

10. — (1.) Sections two, six, fourteen, eighteen, twenty-two, and twenty-five of the Church Discipline Act, 1840 (which sections are set out in the schedule to this Act), shall apply as if they were herein re-enacted and in terms made applicable to proceedings

1892.

Clergy Discipline, 1892. Ch. 32.

301

under this Act, and with the substitution of the chancellor for the . assessor of the bishop, and section fourteen of that Act shall apply where a clergyman is accused before a temporal court of any criminal offence, or of any act constituting an ecclesiastical offence, in like manner as it applies where a charge for the like offence is pending in an ecclesiastical court

(2.) The consistory court means the court having the powers and duties of a consistory court of a diocese; and shall have jurisdiction over every place, district, and preferment, exempt or peculiar, over which the bishop of the diocese has, by virtue of this Act or otherwise, jurisdiction.

(3.) A bishop may act as bishop for the purposes of this Act in relation to a clergyman holding in his diocese a preferment of which the bishop is patron.

(4.) The judgment of a consistory court or (on appeal) of the appellate court that a clergyman has been guilty of an immoral act, immoral conduct, or immoral habit, or of any offence against the laws ecclesiastical, being an offence against morality and not a question of doctrine or ritual, shall be conclusive that the offence charged is cognizable by a consistory court under this Act.

(5.) The bishop may appoint as a deputy chancellor a barrister of not less than seven years' standing, or the holder of a judicial appointment.

11. No person shall by reason of any employment or emolument Employment under this Act acquire any right to compensation, superannuation, ^*JdAftrn0 or other allowance on abolition of office or otherwise. pension, &c.

12. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, — Definitions.

The expression "clergyman" means a clergyman, not being a " Clergy-bishop of a diocese, who is in holy orders in the Church of man" England, or who, though ordained by .a bishop of another church, is permitted to officiate as a priest or deacon of the Church of England:

The expression "chancellor" means the judge of the consistory " Chancellor." court by whatever name known:

The expression "provincial court" means as respects the province " Provincial of Canterbury the Arches Court of Canterbury, and as respects court* the province of York the Chancery Court of York:

The expression "county " includes a riding or division having a " separate court of quarter sessions:

The expression "member of a cathedral church" means any

dean, residentiary canon, non-residentiary canon, prebendary, church." or honorary canon of that church: u Areh

The expression "archdeaconry " includes the Isle of Ely: deaconry."

The expression "judicial appointment " includes a chairmanship ujudicial of quarter sessions and a police or stipendiary magistrateship: appointment." The expression "judgment" includes decree and order: "Judgment."

The expression "prescribed" means prescribed by rules made in " Prescribed." pursuance of this Act:

The expression "Church Discipline Act, 1840," means the Act " Church of the session of the third and fourth years of the reign of J^, pllne Her present Majesty, chapter eighty-six, intituled " An Act for better enforcing Church discipline ":

302

" Immoral act, " " immoral conduct, " and " immoral habit."

Exclusion of question of doctrine or ritual, and savings.

Short title, commencement of Act, and repeal.

Definition of the terms " preferment, " M bishop, "

" archbishop, " and "dio-

Ch. 82. Clergy Discipline Act, 1892. 55 & 56 VICT.

The expressions " immoral act/' " immoral conduct, " and " immoral habit" shall include such acts, conduct, and habits as are proscribed by the seventy-fifth and one hundred and ninth canons issued by the Convocation of the Province of Canterbury in the year one thousand six hundred and three.

13. — (1.) Nothing in this Act shall

(a) render a clergyman liable to be tried or sentenced under this Act in respect of any question of doctrine or ritual; or

(b) affect any prerogative of Her Majesty the Queen as respects pardon or otherwise; or

(c) affect the liability of a clergyman to any prosecution, action, or proceeding, in any court other than an ecclesiastical court, but if he can be prosecuted under this Act for an offence, any other criminal proceeding against him for that offence shall not be instituted in an ecclesiastical court.

(2.) This Act shall apply only to a clergyman who either holds preferment within the meaning of this Act, or resides or has committed the offence in England or Wales; and where a clergyman holds a licence from a bishop in England or Wales, this Act shall apply to that clergyman, notwithstanding that he resides elsewhere, as if he held preferment in the diocese of that bishop.

14. — (1.) This Act may be cited as the Clergy Discipline Act,

1892.

(2.) This Act shall come into operation at the expiration of three months next after it passes, and, so far as regards any prosecution and trial under this Act, apply to offences committed before or after the passing or commencement thereof.

(3.) The Church Discipline Act, 1840, shall, except so far as the sections in the schedule to this Act are applied by this Act, be repealed as respects any proceeding instituted after the commencement of this Act against a clergyman for an offence for which he can be prosecuted or his benefice declared vacant under this Act.

SCHEDULE.

ENACTMENTS REFERRED TO.

Church Discipline Act, 1840. 3 & 4 Vict. c. 86.

Section Two.

Unless it shall otherwise appear from the context, the term " preferment, " when used in this Act, shall be construed to comprehend every deanery, archdeaconry, prebend, canonry, office of minor canon, priest vicar, or vicar choral in holy orders, and every preeentorship, treasurership, sub-deanery, chancellorship of the church, and other dignity and office in any cathedral or collegiate church, and every mastership, wardenship and fellowship in any collegiate church, and all benefices with cure of souls, comprehending therein all parishes, perpetual curacies, donatives, endowed public chapels, parochial chapelries, and chapelries or districts belonging to or reputed to belong, or annexed or reputed to be annexed, to any church or chapel, and every curacy, lectureship, readership, chaplaincy, office, or place which

1892.

Clergy Discipline, 1892. Ch. 32.

303

requires the discharge of any spiritual duty, and whether the same be or be not within any exempt or peculiar jurisdiction; and the word "bishop, " when used in this Act, shall be construed to comprehend " archbishop "; and the word "diocese, " when used in this Act, shall be construed to comprehend all places to which the jurisdiction of any bishop extends under and for the purposes of an Act passed in the second year of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled " An Act to abridge the holding of benefices " in plurality, and to make better provision for the residence of the " clergy."

Section Six.

In all cases where proceedings shall have been commenced under this Act against any such clerk it shall be lawful for the bishop of any diocese within which such clerk may hold any preferment, with the consent of such clerk and of the party complaining, if any, first obtained in writing, to pronounce, without any further proceedings, such sentence as the said bishop shall think fit, not exceeding the sentence which might be pronounced in due course of law; and all such sentences shall be good and effectual in law as if pronounced after a hearing according to the provisions of this Act, and may be enforced by the like means.

Section Fourteen.

In every case in which, from the nature of the offence charged, it shall appear to any bishop within whose diocese the party accused may hold any perferment that great scandal is likely to arise from the party accused continuing to perform the services of the church while such charge is under investigation, or that his ministration will be useless while such charge is pending, it shall be lawful for the bishop to cause a notice to be served on such party at the same time with the service of a copy of the articles aforesaid, or at any time pending any proceedings before the bishop or in any ecclesiastical court, inhibiting the said party from performing any services of the church within such diocese from and after the expiration of fourteen days from the service of such notice, and until sentence shall have been given in the said cause:Provided that it shall be lawful for such party, being the incumbent of a benefice, within fourteen days after the service of the said notice, to nominate to the bishop any fit person or persons to perform all such services of the church during the period in which such party shall be so inhibited as aforesaid; and if the bishop shall deem the person or persons so nominated fit for the performance of such services he shall grant his licence to him or them accordingly, or in case a fit person shall not be nominated the bishop shall make such provision for the service of the church as to him shall seem necessary; and in all such cases it shall be lawful for the bishop to assign such stipend, not exceeding the stipend required by law for the curacy of the church belonging to the said party, nor exceeding a moiety of the net annual income of the benefice, as the said bishop may think fit, and to provide for the payment of such stipend, if necessary, by sequestration of the living:Provided also, that it shall be lawful for the said bishop at any time to revoke such inhibition and licence respectively.

Section Eighteen.

Every witness who shall be examined in pursuance of this Act shall give his or her evidence upon oath, or upon solemn affirmation in cases where an affirmation is allowed by law instead of an oath, which oath or affirmation respectively shall be administered by the judge of the court or his surrogate, or by the assessor of the bishop, or by a commissioner; and every such witness who shall wilfully swear or affirm falsely shall be deemed guilty of perjury.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 106.

Bishop may pronounce sentence, by consent, without further proceedings.

Bishop empowered to inhibit party accused from performing services of the church, &c.

Witnesses to be examined on oath, and to be liable to punishment for perjury.

304

Ch. 32, 33.

Clergy Discipline Act, 1892.

55 & 56 Vict.

Power of archbishops and bishops as to exempt or peculiar places or preferments.

Saving of archbishop and bishop's powers.

Section Twenty-two.

Every archbishop and bishop within the limit of whose province or diocese respectively any place, district, or preferment, exempt or peculiar, shall be locally situate shall, except as herein otherwise provided, have, use, and exercise all the powers and authorities necessary for the due execution by them respectively of the provisions and purposes of this Act, and for enforcing the same with regard thereto respectively, as such archbishop and bishop respectively would have used and exercised if the same were not exempt or peculiar, but were subject in all respects to the jurisdiction of such archbishop or bishop; and where any place, district, or preferment, exempt or peculiar, shall be locally situate within the limits of more than one province or diocese, or where the same, or any of them, shall be locally situate between the limits of the two provinces, or between the limits of any two or more dioceses, the archbishop or bishop of the cathedral church to whose province or diocese the cathedral, collegiate, or other church or chapel of the place, district, or preferment respectively shall be nearest in local situation, shall have, use, and exercise all the powers and authorities which are necessary for the due execution of the provisions of this Act, and enforcing the same with regard thereto respectively, as such archbishop or bishop could have used if the same were not exempt or peculiar, but were subject in all respects to the jurisdiction of such archbishop or bishop respectively, and the same, for all the purposes of this Act, shall b9 deemed and taken to be within the limits of the province or diocese of such archbishop or bishop; provided that the peculiars belonging to any archbishop-rick or bishoprick, though locally situate in another diocese, shall continue subject to the archbishop or bishop to whom they belong, as well for the purposes of this Act as for all other purposes of ecclesiastical jurisdiction.

Section Twe.

Nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to affect any authority over the clergy of their respective provinces or dioceses which the archbishops or bishops of England and Wales may now according to law exercise personally and without process in court; and that nothing herein contained shall extend to Ireland.

CHAPTER 33.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[27th June 1892.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1892.

Appropriation Act, 1892. Ch. 33.

305

Grant out of Consolidated Fund.

1. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time being may issue out.of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three the sum of forty-four million ninety-four thousand and eighty-three pounds.

2. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may borrow from time to time, on the credit of the said sum of forty-four million ninety-four thousand and eighty-three pounds, any sum or sums of equal or less amount in the whole, and shall repay the moneys so borrowed, with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any moneys so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

Appropriation of Grants.

3. All sums granted by this Act and the other Acts mentioned in Schedule (A.) annexed to this Act out of the said Consolidated Fund towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty, amounting, as appears by the said schedule, in the aggregate, to the sum of sixty-two million three hundred and eight thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine pounds two shillings and threepence are appropriated and shall be deemed to have been appropriated as from the date of the passing of the first of the Acts mentioned in the said Schedule (A.) for the purposes and services expressed in Schedule (B.) annexed hereto.

The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed hereto, with the notes (if any) to such schedules, shall be deemed to be part of this Act in the same manner as if they had been contained in the body thereof.

4. If a necessity arise for incurring expenditure not provided for in the sums appropriated to naval and military services by this Act, and which it may be detrimental to the public service to postpone until provision can be made for it by Parliament in the usual course, each of the departments entrusted with the control over the said services shall forthwith make application in writing to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for their authority to defray temporarily such expenditure out of any surpluses which may have been or which may be effected by the saving of expenditure upon votes within the same department, and in such application the department shall represent to the Commissioners of the Treasury the circumstances which may render such additional expenditure necessary, and thereupon the said Commissioners may authorise the expenditure unprovided for as aforesaid to be temporarily defrayed out of any surpluses which may have been or which may be effected as aforesaid upon votes within the same

U

Issue of 44, 094, 083/. out of the Consolidated Fund.

Power for the Treasury to borrow.

Appropriation of sums voted for supply services.

Treasury may, in certain cases of exigency, authorise expenditure unprovided for; provided that the aggregate grants for the navy services and for the army services respectively be not exceeded.

306

Ch. 33.

Appropriation Act, 1892.

65 & 56 Vict.

department; and a statement showing all cases in which the naval and military departments have obtained the sanction of the said Commissioners to any expenditure not provided for in the respective votes aforesaid, accompanied by copies of the representations made to them by the said departments, shall be laid before the House of Commons with the appropriation accounts of navy and army services for the year, in order that such proceedings may be submitted for the sanction of Parliament, and that provision may be made for the deficiencies upon the several votes for the said services in such manner as Parliament may determine.

The Commissioners of the Treasury shall not authorise any expenditure which may cause an excess upon the aggregate sums appropriated by this Act for naval services and for army services respectively.

Sanction for 5. Whereas the Commissioners of the Treasury, under the powers navy Mid army vested in them by the Appropriation Act, 1890, have authorised forworn expenditure not provided for in the sums appropriated by the said unprovided Act to certain votes for naval and military services for the year

for* ended on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred

and ninety-one to be temporarily defrayed out of surpluses, effected by the saving of expenditure, on other votes for naval and military services for the said year; viz.,

1st. A sum of one hundred and twenty-six thousand seven hundred and forty-eight pounds seven shillings and fourpence for navy services out of the unexpended balances of certain votes, aided by sums realised in excess of the estimated appropriations in aid:

2nd. A sum of one hundred and thirty thousand five hundred and eighty-eight pounds eleven shillings for army services out of the unexpended balances of certain votes, aided by sums realised in excess of the estimated appropriations in aid:

It is enacted that the application of the said sums is hereby sanctioned.

Declaration required in certain cases before receipt of sums appropriated.

6. A person shall not receive any part of a grant which may be made in pursuance of this Act for half-pay or army, navy, or civil non-effective services until he has subscribed such declaration as may from time to time be prescribed by a warrant of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury before one of the persons prescribed by such warrant.

Provided that, whenever any such payment is made at more frequent intervals than once in a quarter, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may dispense with the production of more than one declaration in respect of each quarter.

Any person who makes a declaration for the purpose of this section, knowing the same to be untrue in any material particular, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor.

Short title of 7. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Appropriation Act Act, 1892.

1892.

Ch. 33.

307

Appropi'iation Act, 1892.

ABSTRACT

OF

SCHEDULES (A.) and (B.) to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A)

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund

SCHEDULE (B.) — Appropriation of Grants.

£ 6. d.

- 62, 308, 789 2 3

1891-92.

Part 1. Civil Service Deficiencies, 1890-91

, 2. Civil Services and Revenue (Supplementary), 1891-92 -

£ s. d.

907 2 3 510, 036 0 0

1892-93.

3. Navy -

4. Army (including Ordnance Factories)

5. Civil Services, Class I. - - i 1, 685, 125

6. Ditto, Class II. - - | 1, 981, 483

7. Ditto, Class III. - 3, 810, 534

8. Ditto, Class IY. 8, 646, 231

9. Ditto, Class Y. 633, 943

10. Ditto, Class VI. 639, 742

11. Ditto, Class YH. - 229, 817

Total Civil Services

, 12. Revenue departments, &c.

SCHEDULE (A)

blunder Act 55 Vict. c. 3.

For the service of the year ending 31st March 1893:— Under Act 55 Vict. c. 3.

Under Act 55 Vict. c. 20.

Under this Act .....

Total

«. d.

510, 943 2 3

14, 240, 200 0 0 17, 631, 300 0 0

17, 626, 875 0 0

12, 299, 471 0 0

62, 308, 789 2 3

Fund.

a £ 8. d.

510, 943 2 3

13, 041, 563 0 0

4, 662, 200 0 0

44, 094, 083 0 0

62, 308, 789 2 3

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 1.

Civil Services Deficiencies, 1890-91.

Schedule of Sums granted to make good deficiencies on the several grants herein particularly mentioned for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1891; viz.: —

CIVIL SERVICES. Class II. Colonial Office ..... £ 8. 11 17 d. 8

Class III. Police Courts, London and Sheerness 6 7 11

Class Y. Slave Trade Services - . 888 16 8

Total - 907 2 3

SCHEI). (A.)

SCBED. (B.) Part 1.

Civil Service Deficiencies, 1890-91.

308

Ch. 33.

Appropriation Act, 1892.

55 & 56 Vict.

SCHED. (B.) Part 2. Civil Services (Supplementary), 1891-98.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Past 2.

Civil Services and Revenue Departments (Supplementary), 1891-92.

Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted to defray the charges for the Services herein particularly mentioned for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1892; viz.: —

CIVIL SERVICES.

Class L ' £

Houses of Parliament Buildings -

Art and Science Buildings, Great Britain

Revenue Department Buildings, Great Britain -

Class II.

Lunacy Commission, Scotland -

Public Works Office, Ireland -

Class III.

Law Charges, England -Police Courts, London and Sheerness

Class V.

Diplomatic and Consular Services Colonial Services -

Mombasa and Victoria tfyanza Railway -Treasury Chest -

Class VT.

Superannuations and Retired Allowances Teachers' Pension Fund, Ireland -

Class VII.

Temporary Commissions -Local Taxation Relief, Scotland

Relief of Distress, Ireland Foot and Month Disease -Chicago Exhibition

Revenue Departments.

Inland Revenue

Post Office -

Post Office Telegraphs

4, 735

1, 500

20,000

498

1, (590

2,000

100

22, 600

1, 610

20,000

717

100

90,000

2,000

110,000

30, 486

15.000

10.000

10,000

120,000

47,000

Total -

510, 036

1892.

Appropriation, 1892. Ch. 33.

309

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 3. NAVY.

SCHttD. (B.) Part 3. Navy.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the Navy Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1893; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No.

1.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

r 8.

9.

10.

11.

12.

13.

14.

15.

16.

For wages, &c. to 74, 100 officers, seamen, and boys, coastguard, and Royal marines .....

For the expense of victualling and clothing for the navy, including the cost of victualling establishments at home and abroad -

For medical establishments and services at home and abroad and cost of medicines -

For martial law, Ac., including the cost of naval prisons at home and abroad -

For educational services .....

For scientific services -

For the expense of the royal naval reserve, reserve of retired officers, seamen and marine pensioners, and royal naval artillery volunteers -Sect. 1. For the expense of the personnel for shipbuilding, repairs, and maintenance, including the cost of establishments of dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad -

Sect. 2. For the expense of the materiel for shipbuilding, repairs, and maintenance, including the cost of establishments of dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad -

Sect. 3. For the expense of contract work for shipbuilding, repairs, and maintenance, including the cost of establishments of dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad - For naval armaments -

For works, buildings, and repairs at home and abroad, including the cost of superintendence, purchase of sites, grants in aid, and other charges connected therewith - For miscellaneous effective services For the expense of the Admiralty Office - For half-pay, reserved and retired pay to officers of the navy and marines -

For naval and marine pensions, gratuities, and compassionate allowances -

For civil pensions and gratuities -

For the expense necessary to be provided for under the arrangement made between the Imperial and Australasian Governments for the protection of floating trade in Australasian waters -

Total Navi Services-

3, 520,000

1.215.700

125.000

11, 400

75, 800

60,000

159.000 1, 866, 100 1, 615, 500

1, 289, 400

1.398.700

448.000

148.000 227, 800

764, 200

941, 600

813, 700

60, 300

14, 240, 200

310

Ch. 33.

Appropriation, 1892.

55 & 56 Vict.

SCHED. (B. Part 4. Army.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 4.

ARMY.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges for the Army Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1893; viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

N°.

1. For the pay, allowances, and other charges of Her Majesty's

army at home and abroad (exclusive of India), and of the general staff, regiments, and reserve (to a number not exceeding 78,000), and departments -

2. For medical establishments and services and cost of

medicines -

3. For the pay and allowances (exclusive of supplies, clothing,

&c.) of the militia (to a number not exceeding 135, 586, including 30,000 militia reserve) -

4. For the pay and miscellaneous charges of the yeomanry

cavalry -

5. For capitation grants and miscellaneous charges of volunteer

corps, including pay, &c., of the permanent staff

6. For the expense of transport and remounts -

7. For provisions, forage, and other supplies -

8. For clothing establishments and services ...

9. For the supply and repair of warlike and other stores

10. For the Royal Engineer superintending staff, and expendi-

ture for Royal Engineer works, buildings, and repairs at home and abroad (including purchases) ...

11. For establishments for military education -

12. For miscellaneous effective services -

13. For the salaries and miscellaneous charges of the War Office

14. For retired pay, half-pay, and other non-effective charges

for officers and others -

15. For Chelsea and Kilmainham hospitals, and the in-pensioners

thereof, for out-pensions, for the maintenance of lunatics for whom pensions are not drawn, and for gratuities awarded in commutation and in lieu of pensions, of rewards for meritorious services, of Victoria Cross pensions. and of pensions to the widows and children of warrant officers, exclusive of charges on India

16. For superannuation, compensation, and compassionate allow-

ances, and gratuities -

Total Army Services -

Army (Ordnance Factories).

For the expense of the ordnance factories, the cost of productions of which is charged to the army, navy, and Indian and Colonial Governments .....

Total Army Services (including Ordnance Factories)

I 5, 635,000

I

! 290, 100

I

535,000

74, 400

781.500 ! 639, 700

! 2, 645,000

820, 600

1, 847,000

802, 100

113.500 122, 300 257, 800

1, 527, 700

1, 385, 400

154, 100

17, 631, 200

100

17, 631, 300

1892. Appropriation Act, 1892. Ch. 33.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 5.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class I.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1893 j viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For expenditure in respect of royal palaces and Marl *

borough House

2. For the royal parks and pleasure gardens - ,

3. For expenditure in respect of the Houses of Parliament

buildings -

4. For the extension of the Admiralty buildings

5. For expenditure in respect of miscellaneous legal buildings,

viz. County Courts, Metropolitan Police Courts, and Sheriff Court Houses, Scotland -

6. For expenditure in respect of Art and Science buildings,

Great Britain -

7. For expenditure in respect of diplomatic and consular build-

ings, and for the maintenance of certain cemeteries abroad -

8. For the Customs, Inland Revenue, Post Office, and Post

Office Telegraph buildings in Great Britain, including furniture, fuel, and sundry miscellaneous services

9. For expenditure in respect of sundry public buildings in Great Britain not provided for on other votes

10. For the survey of the United Kingdom, and for revising the survey for maps for use in proceedings before the Land Judges in Ireland and the Irish Land Commission, publication of maps, and engraving the geological survey -

11. For maintaining certain harbours, lighthouses, &c. under the Board of Trade -

12. For constructing a new harbour of refuge at Peterhead -

13. For a grant in aid of the funds of the Commissioners of the Caledonian Canal -

14. For rates and contributions in lieu of rates, &c., in respect of Government property, and for salaries and expenses of the rating of Government property department

15. For the erection, repairs, and maintenance of public build-

ings in Ireland, for the maintenance of certain parks and public work8, for drainage works on the Rivers Shannon and Suck -

16. For payments under the Tramways and Public Companies -

(Ireland) Act, 1883, and the Light Railways (Ireland) Act, 1889 -

35, 850

90, 643

39, 125

39, 200

53, 946

29, 809

33, 114

340,000

174, 015

217, 110

30, 909

29, 870

5,000

237, 058

222, 105

107, 371

Total Civil Services, Class 1.

£, 1, 685, 125

311

SCHED. (B.) Past 5.

Civil Services. Class I.

312

Ch. 33.

Appropriation Act, 1892.

55 & 56 Vict.

SCHED. (B.) Part 6.

Civil Services. Class H.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 6.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class II.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Crra. Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1893; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For salaries and expenses in the offices of the House of Lords

2. For salaries and expenses in the offioes of the House of

Commons -

3. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's

Treasury and subordinate departments -

4. For salaries and expenses of the office of Her Majesty's

Secretary of State for the Home Department and subordinate offices .....

5. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's

Socretary of State for Foreign Affairs -

6. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's

Secretary of State for the Colonies, including certain expenses connected with Emigration ...

7. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council and for quarantine expenses .....

8. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Committee

of Privy Council for Trade, and subordinate departments

9. For meeting the deficiency of income from fees, &c. for the requirements of the Board of Trade, under the Bankruptcy Acts, 1883 and 1890, and the Companies Winding-up Act, 1890 .....

10. For the salaries and expenses of the Board of Agriculture,

and for defraying the repayable expenses to be incurred in matters of Inclosure and Land Improvement -

11. For salaries and expenses of the Charity Commission for

England and Wales, Including the Endowed Schools and City of London Parochial Charities departments -

12. For salaries and expenses of the Civil Service Commission -

13. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Comp-

troller and Auditor General .....

14. For salaries and expenses of the Registry of Friendly Societies -

15. For salaries and expenses of the Local Government Board -

16. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners

in Lunacy in England .....

17. In aid of the Mercantile Marine Fund ...

18. For salaries and expenses of the Mint, including the expenses

of the coinage -

19. For salaries and expenses of the National Debt Office

20. For salaries and expenses of the Publio Record Office in

England -

42, 269

49, 752

88, 692

91, 559

72, 004

41, 501

15, 116

165, 470

12

53, 710

38, 485

41, 324

57, 249

7, 743

162, 049

13, 981

40,000

44

14, 641

20, 953

1892.

Appropriation Act, 1892. Ch. 33.

313

No.

21. For salaries and expenses of the establishment under the

Public Works Loan Commissioners ...

22. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar

General of Births, &c. in England ...

23. For stationery, printing, and paper, binding, and printed

books, for the public service, and for the salaries and expenses of the Stationery Office, and for sundry mis* cellaneous services, including the reports of Parliamentary Debates *

24. For salaries and expenses of the office of Her Majesty's

Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and of the office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments ...

25. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Publio Buildings

26. For Her Majesty's foreign and other secret services -

27. For the salaries and expenses of the office of Her Majesty's

Secretary for Scotland and subordinate offices -

Sched. (B.) Sums not Past 6. exceeding Ciril Services. ---- Class II.

9, 827

59, 049

475, 846

23, 914

52, 051

32,000

11, 206

28. For salaries and expenses of the Fishery Board in Scotland, and for grants in aid of piers or quays

29. For salaries and expenses of the Board of Lunacy in Scotland

30. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar

General of Births, &c. in Scotland ...

31. For salaries and expenses of the Board of Supervision for

Relief of the Poor in Scotland, and for expenses under the Public Health Acts, Vaccination Act, and Local Government (Scotland) Act -

32. For salaries and expenses of the household of the Lord

Lieutenant of Ireland -

33. For salaries and expenses of the offices of the Chief Secretary

to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, in Dublin and London, and subordinate departments .....

34. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests for Ireland

35. For salaries and expenses of the Local Government Board in

Ireland, including certain grants in aid of local taxation -

36. For salaries and expenses of the Publio Record Office in

Ireland and of the ^Keeper of the State Papers in Dublin -

87. For salaries and expenses of the Office of Publio Works in Ireland

38. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of Births, Ac., and for expenses of collecting agricultural and other statistics in Ireland

89. For salaries and expenses of the general valuation and boundary survey of Ireland -

Total Civil Services, Class IL - £

22, 318

5, 856

8, 066

9, 117

4, 764

41, 060

1, 997

133, 792

5, 801

34, 489

20, 539

13, 237

1, 981, 483

314

Ch. 33.

Appropriation, 1892.

55 & 56 Vict.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 7.

Civil Services. Class III.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 7.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class III.1

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Crm. Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1893; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For the salaries of the law officers, the salaries and expenses

of the department of the Solicitor for the affairs of Her Majesty's Treasury, Queen's Proctor, and Director of Public Prosecutions, the costs of prosecutions, and of other legal proceedings and of Parliamentary Agency -

2. For certain miscellaneous legal expenses -

3. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme

Court of Judicature as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund -

4. For the salaries and expenses of the land registry -

5. For salaries and expenses connected with the County Courts

6. For salaries and expenses of the police courts of London

and Sheerness -

7. For the salaries of the Commissioner, and Assistant Commissioners of the Metropolitan Police, and of the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District, the pay and expenses of officers of Metropolitan Police employed on special duties, and the salaries and expenses of the Inspectors of Constabulary -

8. For the expenses of the prisons in England, Wales, and the Colonies -

9. For the expense of the maintenance of juvenile offenders

in reformatory, industrial, and day industrial schools in Great Britain, and of the Inspectors of Reformatories -

10. For the maintenance of criminal lunatics in Broadmoor

Criminal Lunatic Asylum -

11. For salaries and expenses of tho Lord Advocate's depart-

ment and other law charges, and the salaries and; expenses of the Courts of Law and Justice in Scotland -:

12. For salaries and expenses of the offices in Her Majesty's

General Register House, Edinburgh -

13. For the expenses of the Establishment of the Crofters '

Commission - - !

14. For the expenses of the Prison Commissioners for Scotland,

and of the prisons under their control, including the j maintenance of criminal lunatics and the preparation of judicial statistics

15. For the expenses of criminal prosecutions and other law J

charges in Ireland - - ,

16. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme I

Court of Judicature and of certain other legal departments ! in Ireland as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund

17. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Irish Land I

Commission -

18. For the salaries, allowances, expenses, and pensions of

various county court officers, divisional commissioners, and of magistrates in Ireland, and the expenses of revision -

19. For salaries and expenses of the Commissioner of Police,

of the police courts and of the metropolitan police establishment of Dublin - - .

62, 358

42, 942

325, 702

6, 710

37, 029

4, 685

55, 566

620, 432

269, 865

34, 013

92, 742

37, 302

8, 935

92, 648

76, 236

113, 609

74,000

123, 325

99, 761

1892.

Appropriation Act, 1892. Ch. 33

315

Sums not exceeding

No.

20. For the expenses of the Royal Irish Constabulary -

21. For the expenses of the General Prisons Board in Ireland,

and of the prisons under their control; and of the registration of habitual criminals .....

22. For the expenses of reformatory and industrial schools in

Ireland -

23. For the maintenance of criminal lunatics in Dundrum

Criminal Lunatic Asylum, Ireland -

1, 382, 655

132, 018

111, 457

6, 544

Sched. (B.) Part 7.

Civil Services. Class III.

Total Civil Services, Class III.

3, 810, 534

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 8.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class IV.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1893; viz.: —

Sched. (B.) Part 8.

Civil Services. Class IV.

No.

1. For public education in England and Wales, including the

expenses of the Education Office in London

2. For salaries and expenses of the Department of Science and

Art, and of the establishments connected therewith

3. For salaries and expenses of the British Museum, including

the amount required for the Natural History Museum

4. For salaries and expenses of the National Gallery -

5. For salaries and expenses of the National Portrait Gallery -

6. For sundry grants in aid of scientific investigation in the United Kingdom -

7. In aid of the expenses of certain Universities and Colleges

in Great Britain (including a supplementary sum of 5,000l.) .....

8. For salaries and expenses of the University of London

9. For public education in Scotland (including a supple-

mentary sum of 265,000l.) -

10. For a grant to the Board of Trustees for manufactures

in Scotland, in aid of the maintenance of the National Gallery, School of Art and Museum of Antiquities, Scotland, and for other purposes .....

11. For publio education under the Commissioners of National

Education in Ireland .....

12. For the salaries and expenses of the Office of the Commissioners of Education in Ireland appointed for the regulation of endowed schools .....

13. For salaries and expenses of the National Gallery of Ireland,

and for the purchase of pictures -

14. In aid of the expenses of the Queen's Colleges in Ireland -

Total Civil Services, Class IV.

Sums not exceeding

5, 946, 213

600, 054

158, 560

13, 577

2, 228

25, 896

76,000

283

951, 336

3, 750

859, 801

1, 005

2, 500

5, 028

8, 646, 231

316

Ch. 33.

Appropriation , 1892.

55 & 56 Vick.

ttCHED. (B.)

Past 9. Civil Services. Class V.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 10. Civil Services. Class VI.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 9.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class V.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Sebyices herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1893; viz.: —

No.

1. For expenses of Her Majesty's embassies and missions abroad,

and of consular establishments abroad, and other expenditure chargeable on the Consular Vote (including a supplementary sum of 1, 7001.) -

2. For the expenses in connection with the suppression of the

slave trade, and the maintenance of certain Liberated Africans -

3. For sundry colonial services, including expenses incurred

under the Pacific Islanders Protection Act, 1875, and certain charges connected with South Africa

4. For the subsidies to Telegraph Companies and for the salary

of the Official Director .....

Total Civil Sebyices, Class V.

Sums not exceeding

421, 447

2, 313

152, 783

57, 400

633, 943

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 10.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VI.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1893; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For superannuation, retired, and compassionate allowances

and gratuities under sundry Statutes, and for certain compassionate allowances and gratuities awarded by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury

2. For pensions to masters and seamen of the merchant ser-

vice, and to their widows and children -

3. For making good the deficiency arising from payments for

interest to Friendly Societies .....

4. For miscellaneous, charitable, and other allowances in Great Britain -

5. In aid of the local cost of maintenance of pauper lunatics in

Ireland -

6. For hospitals and infirmaries and certain miscellaneous,

charitable, and other allowances in Ireland

481, 573

11, 500

9, 215

2, 012

117, 213

18, 224

Total Civil Sebyices, Class VI.

639, 742

1892.

Appropriation 1892. Ch. 33.

317

SCHEDULE (B.)-Part 11.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VII.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in coarse of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1893; viz.: —

Sched. (B.) Part 11.

Civil Services. Class VII.

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For salaries and other expenses of temporary commissions

and committees, including special inquiries

2. For certain miscellaneous expenses -

3. In aid of the expenditure of the Board of Agriculture

under the Contagious Diseases Animals (Pleuro-Pneu-monia) Act, 1890 .....

4. For expenditure upon certain public works and for improved

communications within the Highlands and Islands of Scotland -

5. In aid of the expenses of the Royal Commission for the

Exhibition at Chicago, 1893 (including a supplementary sum of 10,000l.) .....

6. For repayment to the Civil Contingencies Fund of certain

miscellaneous advances .....

7. For a grant in aid to make good certain amounts required

to be written off from the assets of the Local Loans Fund -

8. In aid of expenditure incurred by the Board of Agriculture

in dealing with the recent outbreak of Foot and Month Disease .....

9. For expenditure connected with the Colonisation of certain

Crorters and Cottars of the "Western Highlands and Islands of Scotland .....

37, 064

5, 498

90.000

40.000

20.000

996

18, 759

10,000

7, 500

Total Civil Services, Class VII.

229, 817

318

Ch. 33, 34.

Appropriation Act, 1892.

55 & 56 Vict.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 12. Revenue Departments, &c.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 12.

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS, &c.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Revenue Departments, &c. herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1893; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For salaries and expenses of the Customs Department

2. For salaries and expenses of the Inland Revenue Depart-

ment -

8. For salaries and expenses of the Post Office services, the expenses of Post Office savings banks, and Government annuities and insurances, and the collection of the Post Office revenue -

4. For the Post Office packet service -

5. For salaries and expenses of the Post Office telegraph service

(including a supplementary sum of 20,000Z.)

875, 485

1, 773, 709

6, 344, 963

728, 954

2, 576, 360

Total Revenue Departments

12, 299, 471

CHAPTER 34.

An Act for dissolving the Corporation styled the Naval Knights of "Windsor of the foundation of Samuel Travers, Esquire, and for regulating the application of the property thereof, and for applying and amending the Greenwich Hospital Acts.

[27th June 1892.]

WHEREAS certain persons were incorporated by Royal Charter under the name of the Poor Knights of Windsor, of the foundation of Samuel Travers, Esquire, and the persons eligible for appointment as such knights were superannuated or disabled lieutenants of English men-of-war:

And whereas by Acts passed in the years one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven, and one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, it has been provided that the said poor knights should be styled naval knights, and the conditions of eligibility for appointment as such knights have been altered:

And whereas by reason of the difficulty of finding persons eligible for appointment as such knights, and for other reasons, it is expedient that the said corporation be dissolved, and that such provision be made for dealing with the property thereof as is contained in this Act:

And whereas the terms of the compensation to be paid to the persons who are at the passing of this Act naval knights of the said foundation for the extinguishment of their rights as members

1892.

319

Naval Knights of Windsor (Dissolution) Act, 1892. Ch. 34.

of the said corporation have been agreed on between the Admiralty and those persons:

And whereas, under the existing trusts affecting the bequest of Robert Braithwaite to the said foundation, it is provided that in the event of the number of the said naval knights being increased his said bequest is to be transferred to the Marine Society, and the terms of the compensation to be paid to the Marine Society for the extinguishment of their contingent rights under the said trusts have been agreed on between the Admiralty and the Marine Society:

And whereas it is expedient to alter the mode of payment of the rents and profits of Greenwich Hospital to the cash account of Her Majesty's Paymaster General:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) On the passing of this Act the Corporation styled the Dissolution of Naval Knights of Windsor of the foundation of Samuel Travers, Knights Esquire, shall be dissolved, and all property vested in or held in of Windsor trust for the said corporation or for the members thereof as such, a?d transfer shall be vested in or held in trust for the Admiralty, and shall be 0 pr0Perty* discharged of the existing trusts as to the application thereof, including the trusts affecting the said Braithwaite bequest.

(2.) The Admiralty shall, after deducting the necessary and prcper expenses of the management of the property transferred to the Admiralty by virtue of this Act, apply the income of the property in granting such pensions to retired officers of the rank of lieutenant in the Navy, or to officers of the Navy who have retired from the active list of lieutenants with the rank of commander in the Navy, and under such conditions, as Her Majesty may from time to time by Order in Council direct, and all such pensions shall be distinguished as Travers pensions.

(3.) All the provisions of the Greenwich Hospital Acts, 1865 to 28 & 29 Vict. 1885, shall have effect as if the property transferred to the c328& vict Admiralty by virtue of this Act were property vested in the c> 44. Admiralty by virtue of the Greenwich Hospital Act, 1865, and the 35 & 86 Vict. capital and revenue thereof were capital and revenue of Greenwich 466 & 47 vict Hospital, except that the accounts of the property transferred to c. 32. the Admiralty by virtue of this Act shall be kept distinct from the *8 & 49 Vict. general accounts of Greenwich Hospital, and be shown separately c*42, in any statement rendered to Parliament under the Greenwich Hospital Acts, 1865 to 1885.

(4.) The Admiralty shall, out of the property transferred to the Admiralty by virtue of this Act, grant to the persons who are, at the passing of this Act, naval knights of the said foundation, such compensation for the extinguishment of their rights as members of the said corporation as has been agreed on between the Admiralty

320 Ch. 34. Naval Knights of Windsor (Dissolution) 65 & 56 Vict.

Act, 1892.

Payment of rents into Bank.

Repeal of enactments.

and those persons, and grant to the Marine Society such compensation for the extinguishment of their contingent1'rights under the trusts affecting the said Braithwaite bequest as has been agreed on between the Admiralty and that Society.

2. The rents and profits of the lands vested in the Admiralty by virtue of the Greenwich Hospital Act, 1865, and of this Act, shall, as and when received, be paid either with or without deduction of the necessary and proper expenses of management of those lands, and of other necessary and proper outgoings in respect thereof, into the Bank of England to the cash account of Her Majesty's Paymaster General, who shall carry the same to the Greenwich Hospital Income Account, and the account created by this Act respectively.

3. The enactments specified in the schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent appearing in the third column of that schedule.

Short title and 4. This Act may be cited as the Naval Knights of Windsor construction. (Dissolution) Act, 1892, and shall be read with the Greenwich Hospital Acts, 1865 to 1885.

SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title or Extent of Repeal.

24 & 25 Vict. c/116. An Act for the appropriation in favour of the Military Knights and the Churches of Windsor of two of the Canonries suspended in the Chapel of Windsor, and for making certain provisions respecting the Naval Knights of Windsor. The whole Act.

30 & 81 Vict. c. 100. The Naval Knights of Windsor Act, 1867. The whole Act.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 44. The Greenwich Hospital Act, 1869. Section thirteen.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 42. The Greenwich Hospital Act, 1885. Section seven.

1892.

Colonial Stock Act, 1892. Ch. 35.

321

CHAPTER 35.

An Act to amend the Colonial Stock Act, 1877, so far as regards the mode of transfer of Stock to which that Act applies.

[27th June 1892 ]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Colonial Stock Act, 1892, and Short title, this Act and the Colonial Stock Act, 1877, may be cited together as 40 41 Vict* the Colonial Stock Acts, 1877 and 1892. c '

2. — (1.) Any stock issued after the passing of this Act to which Amendment of the Colonial Stock Act, 1877, applies may, if so provided by regu- 40 41 vict-lations under section sixteen of that Act (which regulations the Aspects mode registrar is hereby authorised to make), be transferred by deed of transfer of According to the form in the schedule to this Act, or to the like 8tock-effect, and such deed, when duly executed by all parties, shall be delivered to the registrar and kept by him, and a memorial thereof shall be entered in the register.

(2.) On demand of the holder of any stock transferable by deed the registrar shall cause a certificate of the proprietorship thereof to be delivered to each holder, and such certificate shall be prima facie evidence of the title of the holder to the stock therein specified; nevertheless the want of such certificate shall not prevent the holder of any stock from disposing thereof.

(3.) Where stock of a colony has been issued before the passing of this Act, and the regulations for the transfer of such stock provide for its transfer in like manner as is authorised by this Act, the Government of the colony, if desirous that the Colonial Stock Act, 1877, as amended by this Act, should apply to the said stock, may, by a declaration made, deposited, and recorded in like manner as a declaration adopting that Act, declare such desire, and identify the stock with reference to which the declaration is made and thereupon this Act shall apply as if it had been enacted before the issue of the stock and the said regulations had been made in pursuance of section sixteen of the Colonial Stock Act, 1877.

(4.) Section nineteen of the Colonial Stock Act, 18 shall not apply to any stock in respect to which the provisions of that section have not been observed before the passing of that Act.

(5.) A declaration under this Act may be made whether there has or has not been a prior declaration applying to the stock the Colonial Stock Act, 1877.

3. This Act shall apply to the Isle of Man in like manner as if Application of section six of the Isle of Man Loans Act, 1880, referred to the 1816 of Colonial Stock Act, 1877, as amended by this Act, and that section 4S &*44 y, ct shall be deemed to have authorised the Government of the Isle of c. 8.

Man to provide for the transfer of stock in manner provided by this Act.

X

322

Ch. 35, 36.

Colonial Stock Act, 1892.

55 & 56 VICT.

Seller.

Money.

Bayer.

SCHEDULE.

Stock

(Here identify stock.']

I, or we,

of

in consideration of the sum of £ paid by

being the consideration money for pounds stock

do hereby transfer the said stock [together with the interest accrued thereon since the last half-yearly payment of such interest] to the said transferee.

And the said transferee hereby accepts the transfer of the same subject to the conditions on which the transferor held the same.

Witness our hands and seals this day of one thousand eight hundred and ninety

Signed, sealed, and delivered by the above-named

in the presence of

Signature of 1 _____

witness - / Address

Occupation

Signed, sealed, and delivered by the above-named

in the presence of

Signature of! witness - / Address

Occupation

CHAPTER 36.

An Act to remove doubts as to the meaning of the Forged Transfers Act, 1891.

[27th June 1892.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Forged Transfers Act, 1892, and 54 & 55 Vict. this Act and the Forged Transfers Act, 1891, may be cited together c* 43, as the Forged Transfers Acts, 1891 and 1892.

Removal of 2. Whereas by sub-section one of section one of the Forged op^tioVo/*16 Transfers Act, 1891, it is provided that such company or local

1892.

Forged Transfers, 1892.

Off. 36, 37.

323

authority as therein mentioned " shall have power to make compensation by a cash payment out of their funds for any loss " arising from the transfer of any such shares, stock, or securities " in pursuance of a forged transfer, or of a transfer under a forged " power of attorney, " and it is expedient to remove doubts as to the application of the Act to losses and forgeries before the passing of the Act: Be it therefore enacted as follows:—

The Forged Transfers Act, 1891, shall have effect as if at the end of sub-section one of section one of that Act there were added the words "whether such loss arises, and whether the " transfer or power of attorney was forged before or after the " passing of this Act, and whether the person receiving such " compensation, or any person through whom he claims, has " or has not paid any fee or otherwise contributed to any fund " out of which the compensation is paid."

3. Sub-section two of section one of the said Act shall be read as if, after the words "on any one hundred pounds transferred, " were inserted the words "with a minimum charge equal to that for twenty-five pounds."

4. Where the shares, stock, or securities of a company or local authority have by amalgamation or otherwise become the shares, stock, or securities of another company or local authority, the last-mentioned company and authority shall have the same power under the Forged Transfers Act, 1891, and this Act, as the original company or authority would have had if it had continued.

CHAPTER 37.

An Act to amend the Merchant Shipping Acts.

[27th June 1892.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Every ship so loaded as to submerge in salt water the centre of the disc placed thereon in pursuance of the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1876 to 1890, and the regulations made thereunder, shall be deemed to be "unsafe" within the meaning of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1876, and such submersion shall be reasonable and probable cause for the detention of the ship.

2. If any person makes default in complying with any regulation made by the Board of Trade in pursuance of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1890, with respect to the entry, publication, or delivery of copies of certificates or other particulars as to the draught of water and freeboard of a ship, he shall for each such default incur a penalty not exceeding one hundred pounds.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 43.

Amendment of 54 & 55 Vict. c. 43. s. 1 (2).

Provision where one company takes over shares, &c. of another company.

Ships with submerged load lines to be deemed to be unsafe.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 80.

Penalty for default in complying with regulations as to freeboard. 53 & 54 Vict. c. 9.

324

Ch. 37, 38.

Merchant Shipping Act, 1892. 55 & 56 VICT.

Provisions and water for crew to be inspected.

Appointment of officers.

Boles to be laid before Parliament

Citation, construction, and rules.

Amendment of provision as to annual police returns.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 69.

Commencement.

"Short title.

3. — (1.) In the case of ships trading or going from any port of the United Kingdom through the Suez Canal, or round the Cape of Good Hope or Cape Horn, the prescribed officer shall in the prescribed manner, and before shipment whenever practicable, inspect the barrels of beef and pork, preserved meat and vegetables in tins, and the casks of flour or biscuits intended for the use of the crews of such ships, and shall in the prescribed manner, if satisfied that they are fit for such use, certify the same accordingly.

(2.) The prescribed officer may at any time proceed on board a ship to ascertain whether the stores and water provided have been duly inspected or, if not, whether they are of a quality fit for the use of the crew of such ship. If he finds the same not to have been inspected, and deficient in quality, he shall detain the ship until such defects are remedied to his satisfaction.

(3.) No fee for such inspection shall be levied on the ship.

4. The Board of Trade may appoint officers for the purposes of any inspection required under this Act, and may, with the concurrence of the Treasury, assign them remuneration to be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

5. All rules made under this Act shall be laid before Parliament within three weeks after they are made, if Parliament be then sitting, and if Parliament be not then sitting, within three weeks after the beginning of the then next meeting of Parliament, and shall not come into operation until they have lain for forty days before both Houses of Parliament during the session of Parliament.

6. — (1.) This Act may be cited as the Merchant Shipping Act, 1892, and shall be construed as one with the Merchant Shipping Act, 1854, and the Acts amending the same.

(2.) The Board of Trade may make rules for the purposes of this Act, and the expression "prescribed" means prescribed by rules so made.

CHAPTER 38.

An Act to alter the period for which certain Police Returns are required to be made.

[27th June 1892.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The annual statement required by section fourteen of the County and Borough Police Act, 1856, shall be made for each calendar year, and shall be transmitted to one of Her Majesty's principal Secretaries of State as soon as may be after the termination of that year.

2. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three.

3. This Act may be cited as the Police Returns Act, 1892.

1892.

National Debt (Stock Relief)

Act, 1892. Ch. 39.

325

CHAPTER 39.

An Act to amend the National Debt Act, 1870.

[27th June 1892.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Bank shall during the six months next before any Notice to

transfer of stock to the National Debt Commissioners in pursuance ftockhoider of

of section fifty-one of the National Debt Act, 1870, give notice

in writing to the stockholder at his registered residence of the unclaimed

impending transfer. stock.

r & 88 & 34 Vict.

2. The Bank may strike the balance for a dividend on stock on ' any day not being more than thirty-seven days before the day on Siting* which the dividend is payable, and any person who is on the day balance, of the balance being struck inscribed as a stockholder shall, as between himself and any transferee of the stock, be entitled to the then current half-year's or quarter's dividend thereon.

3. In the following cases, namely, — Infants.

(a.) Where an infant is the sole survivor in an account; and

(6.) Where an infant holds stock jointly with a person under legal disability; and

(c.) Where stock has by mistake been bought in or transferred into the sole name of an infant,

the Bank may, at the request in writing of the parent, guardian, or next friend of the infant, receive the dividends and apply them to the purchase of like stock, and the stock so purchased shall be added to the original investment.

4. — (1.) Where, by virtue of any provision in an Act of Powers of Parliament, the right to stock is vested in any person, he shall by stockholders virtue of the same provision be deemed to be entitled to make a provisions! °rj valid transfer of the stock and to receive and give a valid receipt

for any accrued or accruing dividends on the stock.

(2.) Where by virtue of any such provision the right to transfer stock is vested in any person, he shall by virtue of the same provision be deemed to be entitled to receive, and give a valid receipt for, any accrued or accruing dividends on the stock.

5. The Bank may in any register of stock allow any holder Power to

or joint holders to have more than one account. Provided as o^diffOTent follows:— accounts.

(1.) Each account must be distinguished by a number or by such other designation as may be directed by the Bank;

326 Ch. 39. National Debt (Stockholders Relief) 55 & 56 VICT

, 1892.

(2.) The Bank shall not be required to permit more than four accounts to be opened in the same name or names; and (3.) Nothing in this section shall affect the Bank with notice of any trust.

Holding of 6. Stock may be transferred to and held in the names of an corporate^68 "^dual and a body corporate, or of two or more bodies corporate, and any such holding shall in its relation to the Bank be deemed a joint tenancy.

Low or de- 7. — (1.) In the event of the loss or destruction of a stock certifi-

Btoc^oTscri or scr*P certificate, the Bank, before authorising the issue of a

certificate. duplicate, may require: —

(a.) Evidence to the satisfaction of the Bank of the loss or destruction and ownership of the certificate; and (6.) A delay of not more than one year from the date of the loss or destruction; and (c.) The advertisement of the loss or destruction in two or more London or Dublin daily papers (as the case requires); and (d.) Either the transfer of a sum of stock, of a description approved by the Governor or Deputy Governor of the Bank, equivalent to the market value on the day of transfer of the lost or destroyed certificate, and at least six and a half years dividends thereon, into the joint names of the Governor and Deputy Governor, by way of security; or the execution of a bond of indemnity in which the owner shall be joined by one or more responsible persons.

(2.) After the expiration of six years from the date of the transfer of the stock, or of the execution of the indemnity, the person interested may, having duly advertised the facts a second time in two or more London or Dublin daily papers (as the case requires) request the Bank to release the stock or to cancel the indemnity, and, on such request being complied with, any other claimant shall not have any claim against the Bank, but shall have recourse against the person who obtained the duplicate certificate.

Application to 8. This Act shall apply to all stock for the time being transfer-stocks trans- able in the books of the Bank, except so far as there is anything bootoofBank. the contrary in any Act under which the stock was created.

Meaning of 9. In this Act the expression "Bank" means the Bank of Bank- England or the Bank of Ireland, as the case may require.

Short title and construction. 33 & 34 Vict. c. 71.

10. This Act may be cited as the National Debt (Stockholders Relief) Act, 1892, and shall be read as one with the National Debt Act, 1870.

1892.

Superannuation Act, 1892. Ch. 40.

327

CHAPTER 40.

An Act to amend the Acts relating to Superannuation Allowances and Gratuities to Persons in the Public Service so far as respects the computation of successive Service in different Offices where not all subject to the Superannuation Acts, 1834 to 1887, and as respects the application of Section Six of the Superannuation Act,

1887, to Employments of Profit under the Government of India.

[27th June 1892.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) The Treasury may, within one month after the passing Beckoning of of this Act, frame rules regulating the superannuation allowance service in one or gratuity which may be granted to persons who have served offices?5 P° ° continuously and successively in two or more public offices as defined by this Act, but are not entitled to reckon for such grant service in all those offices.

(2.) The said rules shall provide for reckoning service according to the rules under the Superannuation Acts, 1834 to 1887, and subject to such reckoning of service, for granting the same superannuation allowance or gratuity to any person as might have been granted to him if his whole service had been in the public office from which he ultimately retires.

(3.) The Treasury may determine in each case the funds or accounts out of which the superannuation allowance or gratuity is to be paid, and where it is to be paid out of more than one fund or account, may apportion the amounts to be paid out of each fund or account: Provided that in cases affecting the revenue of India the Secretary of State in Council of India shall determine the amount to be paid therefrom.

2. The Treasury may, within one month after the passing of Extension to this Act, frame rules for the purpose of extending to employments Indian employ-of profit under the department of the Secretary of State in Council "De^ of 111168 of India, or the Government of India, such of the existing rules so & 51 Vict. under section six of the Superannuation Act, 1887, as do not extend c-67- *6-to those employments, and may consolidate the existing rules with the rules so framed.

3. A copy of any rules made under this Act shall forthwith be Boles to be laid before Parliament, and the rules shall not come into operation Md before until three months after such copy is so laid, nor if within those Par iament' three months either House passes a resolution objecting to them, but if such resolution is passed the Treasury may frame new rules, and this section shall apply as if the passing of the said resolution

r

328

Definitions.

40 & 41 Vict,

c. 21.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 49.

40 & 41 Vict. c. S3.

[Commencement of Act.]

Short title and construction.

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 24.

[Short title.]

Expenses of members of school boards may be allowed.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 25.

Ch. 40, 41. Superannuation Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

were substituted for the passing of this Act, and so on as often as occasion may require.

4. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires —

The expression "public office" means any office or employment (other than any office or employment in Her Majesty's naval or land forces) service in which qualifies for the grant of a superannuation allowance or gratuity, and the remuneration of which is paid out of —

(a) the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom; or

(b) moneys provided by Parliament, or dealt with as appropriations in aid; or

(c) the revenue of India; or

(d) the revenue of the Isle of Man; or

(e) any fund which, from its being administered by a public department, the Treasury may determine to be a public fund;

and includes the office of any existing prison officer within the meaning of the Prisons Act, 1877, the General Prisons (Ireland) Act, 1877, and the Prisons (Scotland) Act, 1877:

The expression "superannuation allowance " includes any pension or superannuation or other retiring allowance.

5. This Act shall take effect as from the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and ninety-one.

6. This Act may be cited as the Superannuation Act, 1892.

This Act shall be read as one with the Superannuation Acts,

1834 to 1887, and those Acts and this Act may be cited together as the Superannuation Acts, 1834 to 1892.

CHAPTER 41.

An Act to provide for expenses incurred by Members of Boards of Management of Poor Law District Schools in Ireland.

[27th June 1892.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the . Boards of Management of Poor Law District Schools (Ireland) Act, 1892.

2. — (1.) When any unions have been combined under section two of the Act of the session of the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter twenty-five, the board of guardians of any such union may, subject to regulations to be made by the; Local Government Board for Ireland in that behalf, pay the reasonable expenses of any members of the said board of guardians, or of the clerk of the union, incurred in attending any

1892.

Boards of Management of Poor Ch. 41, 42. Law District Schools (Ireland) Act, 1892.

329

meeting of the board of management of the district school of such combined unions which shall be held for the discharge of the duties of such board.

(2.) Any sum so paid by a board of guardians shall be borne by and charged against the several electoral divisions within their union.

CHAPTER 42.

An Act to improve National Education in Ireland.

[27th June 1892.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Compulsory Education.

L — (1.) In every place to which this section applies, the parent of every child not less than six nor more than fourteen years of age shall cause the child to attend school during such number of days in the year and for such time on each day of attendance as are prescribed in the First Schedule to this Act, unless there is a reasonable excuse for non-attendance.

(2.) Provided that a child over eleven years of age shall not be required to attend school if the child has received such certificate of his proficiency in reading, writing, and elementary arithmetic, as is prescribed in the Second Schedule to this Act.

(3.) Any of the following reasons shall be a reasonable excuse for non-attendance of a child; namely,

(a.) That there is not within two miles, measured according to the nearest road, from the residence of the child any national school or other efficient school at which the child can attend, and to which the parent of the child does not object, on religious grounds, to send the child;

(6.) That the child has been prevented from attending school by

of being engaged in ingathering of crops, ler work requiring to be done at a particular time or season, or other unavoidable or reasonable cause;

(c.) That the child, being under seven years of age, lives at too great a distance from any national school or other efficient school which he can attend, even though that distance is less than two miles;

(d.)That the child is receiving suitable elementary education in some other manner.

sickness, domestic necessity, or by reason necessary operations of husbandry and the or giving assistance in the fisheries, or otl

Duty of parent to send child to school.

r

330

Ch. 42.

Irish Education Act, 1892.

55 & 56 VICT.

Prohibition of employment of children required to attend school.

School

attendance

committee.

Attendance orders and enforcement thereof.

2. — (1.) A person shall not, except as in this Act mentioned, take into his employment in any place to which this section applies, any child, except for the setting or planting potatoes, hay- . making, or harvesting —

(i.) who is under the age of eleven years; or

(ii.) who, being of the age of eleven years or upwards, and less than fourteen years of age, has not obtained such certificate of his proficiency in reading, writing, and elementary arithmetic, as is prescribed in the Second Schedule to this Act, unless the child is employed and is attending school in accordance with the Factory and Workshop Acts, 1878 to 1891, but no employer shall compel a child to attend a school to which its parent objects on religious grounds.

(2.) If any person acts in contravention of this section, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding forty shillings.

3. — (1.) In every place to which this section applies there shall be a school attendance committee consisting of six, eight, or ten persons, as the local authority of the place may determine, one-half of whom shall be appointed by the local authority and the remainder by the Commissioners, and not less than one-half of whom shall, where such persons are available, be managers or patrons of schools in the place, and the local authority shall make regulations subject to the approval of the Commissioners as to the time and mode of appointment of the committee and the conduct of their proceedings. The term for which the members of the committee shall hold office and the quorum of the committee shall be as prescribed in the Third Schedule to this Act.

(2.) Subject to the approval of the Commissioners after a public inquiry if they shall think fit, the local authority of any place may for the purposes of this Act divide the place into districts, and in such case a school attendance committee shall be appointed for each district in manner herein-before provided.

(3.) The school attendance committee may appoint and remove officers and prescribe their duties, and, with the approval of the local authority, fix their remuneration.

(4.) In the event of the local authority, after warning and reasonable notice, failing to exercise any power, or perform any duty conferred or imposed on them by the preceding part of this section, the same may be exercised or performed by the Commissioners.

(5.) The expenses of a school attendance committee, and the salaries and expenses of their officers, shall be defrayed by the local authority out of the local rate, but any revenue from penalties under this Act in the place or district shall be applied in relief of the local rate.

4. — (1.) If any parent who is required by this Act to cause his child to attend school makes default without reasonable excuse in so doing, the school attendance committee shall, after due warning to the parent, make a complaint to a court of summary jurisdiction, unless they think that it is inexpedient to take such

1892.

Irish Education Act, 1892. Ch. 42.

381

proceedings, and the court, if satisfied of the truth of the complaint, may make an order (in this Act called an attendance order) that the child do attend, in accordance with the requirements of this Act, some national school or other efficient school, and, subject to the provisions of section one of this Act, the child shall attend some such school in such regular manner as is specified in the order.

(2.) If the school attendance committee have reason to believe that an attendance order has not been complied with, and that there is not any reasonable excuse within the meaning of this Act for non-compliance therewith, they may make a further complaint to a court of summary jurisdiction, and thereupon, if the parent does not satisfy the court that the order has been complied with, or that he has used all reasonable efforts to comply therewith, the court may impose on him a fine not exceeding, including costs, five shillings.

(3.) A complaint under this section with respect to a continuing non-compliance with an attendance order shall not be repeated by the school attendance committee at any less interval than two months.

5. A person shall not be deemed to have taken a child into his Exception to employment in contravention of this Act, if it is proved to the employment0^ satisfaction of the court having cognisance of the case, either — children.

(1) that during the employment there is not within two miles, measured according to the nearest road, from the residence of the child, any national school or other efficient school which the child can attend, subject to the provisions of section one of this Act; or

(2) that the employment, by reason of being during the school holidays, or during the hours during which the school is not open, or otherwise, does not interfere with the efficient elementary instruction of the child, and that the child obtains such instruction by attendance, in accordance with the requirements of this Act, at a national school, or in some other equally efficient manner.

Where the offence of taking a child into employment Exemption, in contravention of this Act is in fact committed by an agent or workman of the employer, that agent or workman shall be liable to a fine as if he were the employer.

(2.) Where a child is taken into employment in contravention of this Act on the production by or with the privity of the parent of a false or forged certificate, or on the false representation of his parent that the child is of an age at which the employment is not in contravention of this Act, that parent shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding forty shillings.

(3.) Where an employer charged with taking a child into his employment in contravention of this Act, proves that he has used due diligence to enforce the observance of this Act, and either that some agent or workman of his employed the child without his knowledge or consent, or that the child was employed either on the production of a forged or false certificate, and under the belief in

332

Ch. 42.

Irish Education Act, 1892.

55 & 56 Vict.

Regulation* as to legal proceedings.

Authority to prosecute.

Regulations as to registers.

good faith in the genuineness and truth of the certificate, or on the representation by his parent that the child was of an age at which his employment would not be in contravention of this Act, and under the belief in good faith in the representation, the employer shall be exempt from any fine.

(4.) Where an employer satisfies the person about to institute a prosecution that he is exempt under this section by reason of some agent, workman, or parent being guilty, and gives all facilities in his power for proceeding against and convicting that agent, workman, or parent, proceedings shall be instituted against that agent, workman, or parent, and not against the employer.

7. — (1.) For the purposes of this Act a court of summary jurisdiction shall be constituted of not less than two justices of the peace, or of a divisional justice of Dublin metropolis, and every judgment of such court imposing a penalty shall be subject to appeal.

(2.) Any justice of the peace may by summons require any parent of a child required under this Act to attend school to produce the child before a court of summary jurisdiction; and any person failing without reasonable excuse to the satisfaction of the court to comply with such a summons shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty shillings.

(3.) A certificate purporting to be under the hand of the principal teacher of a national school, or other efficient school, stating that a child is or is not attending the school, or stating the particulars of the attendance of a child at the school, shall be conclusive evidence of the facts stated in the certificate.

(4.) A certificate, purporting to be under the hand of the dispensary medical officer of any district, stating that a child is ill, or that there is illness in the family of the child, or where the child resides, shall be conclusive evidence of the facts.

(5.) When a child is apparently of the age alleged by the complainant in the course of any proceedings under this Act, it shall lie on the defendant to prove that the child is not of that age.

(6.) Any person may appear in any proceedings under this Act by any member of his family or any other person authorised by him in this behalf.

(7.) A school attendance committee may appear in any such proceedings by any person appointed by them in that behalf.

8. No legal proceedings for non-attendance or irregular attendance at school shall be commenced in a court of summary jurisdiction by any person on behalf of a school attendance committee, except by the direction of not less than three members of the said committee.

9. The Commissioners may make regulations as to the registers to be kept by school attendance committees and by the teachers of national schools, and as to the inspection thereof, and every school attendance committee shall comply with such regulations.

Provided that a teacher shall not be required under any such regulations to produce a register for inspection except so far as it relates to the attendance of scholars at the school.

1892.

Irish Education 1892. Ch. 42.

333

10. Every superintendent registrar or registrar of births and deaths, or other person having the custody of the register books kept in accordance with the Births and Deaths Registration Acts (Ireland), 1863 to 1880, shall at all reasonable times permit any officer of a school attendance committee, on production of an authority from the committee in a form approved by the Registrar General, to inspect the register books without any fee or reward, and to take such notes and extracts as he may deem necessary for enabling him to perform his duties under this Act

11. Where the age of any child is required to be ascertained or proved for the purposes of this Act, or for any purposes connected with the elementary education or employment in labour of such child, any person, on presenting a written requisition in such form and containing such particulars as may be from time to time prescribed by the Commissioners, and on payment of such fee, not exceeding sixpence, as the Commissioners from time to time fix, shall be entitled to obtain a certified copy, under the hand of the registrar or superintendent registrar, of the entry in the register under the Births and Deaths Registration (Ireland) Acts, 1863 to 1880, of the birth of the child named in the requisition.

12. Every registrar of births and deaths, when and as required by a school attendance committee, shall transmit, by post or otherwise, a return of such of the particulars registered by him concerning deaths and births of children as may be specified in the requisition of the committee.

The committee may supply a form, approved by the Commissioners, for the purpose of the return, and in that case the return shall be made in the form so supplied.

The committee may pay, as part of their expenses under this Act, to the registrar making such return such fee as may be agreed upon between them and the registrar, not exceeding one penny for every birth and death entered in such return.

13. For the purposes of this Act the expression "parent " shall include the guardian of a child and every person who is liable to maintain or has the actual custody of the child.

14. If any person forges or counterfeits any certificate which is by this Act made evidence of any matter, or gives or signs any such certificate which is, to his knowledge, false in any material particular, or, knowing any such certificate to be forged or counterfeit, makes use thereof, or makes or knowingly uses any false entry in any register kept in pursuance of this Act, he shall be liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a period not exceeding three months, with or without hard labour.

15. — (1.) The foregoing provisions of this Act shall apply to every place which either is a municipal borough or is a town or township under commissioners, and the council or commissioners of the place shall be the local authority of the place for the purposes of this Act.

(2.) Any county council which may be established under any Act of this or any future session of Parliament may, by resolution,

Searches in registers of births.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 11.

43 & 44 Vict. c. 18.

Certificate of birth for purposes of Act.

Return of registrars of births and deaths to school attendance committees.

Meaning of " parent."

Forgery, false entries, and false information.

Application of

foregoing

provisions.

334

Ch. 42.

Irish Education Act, 1892.

55 & 56 Vict.

Commencement of foregoing provisions.

Power to acquire land for school-house or teacher's residence.

41 & 42 Vict c. 52.

and shall on application made by any baronial council so established with reference to their barony or any part thereof, apply the foregoing provisions of this Act to any part of their county, and thereupon those provisions shall so apply, and the county council shall be, for the purposes of this Act, the local authority of the place to which it is so applied, and may order the expenses under this Act to be levied off that place.

(3.) Where as regards any suburb or other area outside the boundaries of, but immediately adjoining, any municipal borough or any town or township under commissioners, the Commissioners of National Education consider that, having regard to the character and local situation of such suburb or area, the provisions of this Act should apply to the same, the Commissioners may, after such local inquiry as they think fit, by order so declare, and thereupon the provisions of this Act shall apply to such suburb or area, and the local authority and school attendance committee of the borough, town, or township to which the said suburb or area adjoins shall carry out the provisions of this Act in the same in like manner as if the said suburb or area were within the boundaries of the said borough, town, or township: Provided that no order shall be made under this section unless the consent of the local authority concerned has been first obtained: Provided further, that no such order shall remain in force after the provisions of this Act have been duly applied to such suburb or area by resolution of a county council.

(4.) An order made by the Commissioners under this section shall be published in the Dublin Gazette and in the newspapers published in the locality, and the production of a printed copy of the Dublin Gazette, purporting to be printed and published by the Queen's authority, and containing the publication of any such order, shall be conclusive evidence that such order was duly made and properly published, and of the date and contents thereof.

16. The foregoing provisions of this Act shall come into operation on the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four, except that a school attendance committee may be appointed, and regulations for its guidance may be framed, at any time after the passing of this Act

17. — (1.) If the Commissioners are satisfied that a site is required for a national school or for the residence of a teacher of a national school, and cannot be obtained on reasonable terms except under the powers conferred by this section, and if security to the satisfaction of the Commissioners is given to them for the probable amount of the purchase-money, and the costs of carrying this section into effect, they may authorise persons approved of by them as trustees to purchase a site for such school or residence to be held by the trustees on trust for the purposes of such school or residence.

(2.) For the purpose of the purchase of land in pursuance of this section, section two hundred and three of the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, shall apply as if it were herein re-enacted, and in terms made applicable to such trustees instead of to the sanitary authority, and section two hundred and fourteen of the same Act shall apply to Provisional Orders made for the purposes of this section.

1892. Irish Education Act, 1892. Ch. 42. 335

Provided as follows: —

(a.) References in the said section two hundred and three to a newspaper circulating in the district of the sanitary authority shall be construed as references to a newspaper circulating in the Poor Law Union where the land proposed to be taken is situate;

(5.) If a memorial is presented to the Local Government Board within one month after the making of a Provisional Order by an owner, lessee, or occupier of lands proposed to be taken compulsorily, stating that the memorialist requires that such Order shall not be acted upon until it is confirmed by Parliament, then the Order shall be of no force unless and until it" is confirmed by Parliament; but if no such memorial is presented, then the Order shall come into force at the expiration of one month from the making thereof;

(c.) The Order may contain such provisions as the Local Government Board may deem necessary for securing that, in case the said trustees acquire land as a site for a school or residence under this Act, otherwise than by agreement, the school or residence shall be built to the satisfaction of the Commissioners, and shall be properly maintained, and be it all times conducted as a national school or used for the residence of a teacher of a national school, under the regulations of the Commissioners for the time being in force; and for providing for the appointment of new trustees from time to time; and, generally, for all such matters and things as the Commissioners may think expedient.

Parliamentary Grant.

18. — (1.) After the financial year ending the thirty-first day of School grant March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-two there shall be gchooTfees in paid out of moneys provided by Parliament an annual grant (in schools re-this Act called the school grant) in aid of education in elementary ceiving grant, schools conducted in accordance with the regulations of the Commissioners, of two hundred and ten thousand pounds or of such other amount as Parliament may determine having regard to the amount of the fee grant under the Elementary Education Act, 54 & 55 Vict. 1891; and the school grant shall be applied in accordance with the c- 66-provisions of the Fourth Schedule to this Act.

(2.) In any school receiving aid from the school grant (and not being an evening school), where the average rate (as determined by the Commissioners) of fees received during the year one thousand eight hundred and ninety-one was not in excess of six shillings a year for each child of the number of children in average attendance at the school, no school fee shall be charged after the first day of October one thousand eight hundred and ninety-two for any child.

(3.) In any school receiving aid from the school grant (and not being an evening school), where the said average rate was so in excess, the fees to be charged shall not be such as to make the

336

Ch. 42.

Irish Education Act, 1892.

56 & 66 Vict.

[Short title.]

Extent of Act.

Section 1.

Sections 1, 9.

Section 3.

Section 18.

average rate of fees for all children in average attendance at the school exceed for any year the amount of the said excess.

(4.) After the passing of this Act the scale of school fees in any school receiving aid from the school grant shall not be altered or fixed except with the approval of the Commissioners.

(5.) For the purposes of this section and of the schedule to this Act the expression "child " shall mean a child over three and under fifteen years of age.

Supplemental.

19. This Act shall extend to Ireland only.

20. This Act may be cited as the Irish Education Act, 1892.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE

(1.) The number of attendances for the purposes of the first section of this Act shall be seventy-five complete attendances in each half-year ending respectively the thirtieth day of June and the thirty-first day of December at any national or other efficient school.

SECOND SCHEDULE

(2.) A certificate of proficiency for the purposes of this Act shall be a certificate issued by the principal teacher of the school which the child has last attended of such proficiency in reading, writing, and elementary arithmetic as is now prescribed for the fourth class in the programme of instruction of the Commissioners, or such higher proficiency as may hereafter be prescribed by them.

THIRD SCHEDULE

The members of a school attendance committee shall continue in office for three years from the date of their appointment.

The quorum of the committee shall be three.

FOURTH SCHEDULE

Provisions as to Application of Grant for Elementary

Schools.

The school grant shall be applied by the Commissioners in accordance with regulations to be made by them with the concurrence of the Treasury, as follows: —

First. — In augmenting by twenty per centum the existing rate of class salaries of teachers and of salaries of assistant teachers, and by three shillings and sixpence the capitation grant to schools receiving such grants and not having teachers paid by class salaries.

Secondly. — In granting a bonus of nine pounds to each male, and seven pounds ten shillings to each female, assistant teacher of five years* standing who is classed higher than the third class.

1892.

Irish Education Act, 1892. Ch. 42, 43.

337

Thirdly. — In awarding a third class salary to each teacher of a school having an average attendance of from twenty to thirty children.

Fourthly. — The residue shall be distributed as a capitation grant as nearly as possible in proportion to the average number of children daily attending the several schools in aid of which salaries or other money payments are paid by the Commissioners.

CHAPTER 43.

An Act to consolidate and amend certain Enactments relating to the Acquisition of Land for Military Purposes.

[27th June 1892.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

PART I.

Acquisition of Land for Military Purposes.

1. — (1.) A Secretary of State may purchase land in the United Kingdom under this Act, for the military purposes of any portion of Her Majesty's military forces.

(2.) A volunteer corps may, with the consent of the Secretary of State, themselves purchase land under this Act for military purposes.

(3.) The council of a county or borough may, at the request of one or more volunteer corps, purchase under this Act, and hold, land on behalf of the volunteer corps for military purposes.

(4.) The Secretary of State shall, before giving his consent to the purchase of any land under this Act by a volunteer corps, send an inspector to the land for the purpose of ascertaining its capabilities of being used for military purposes with due regard to the safety and convenience of the public, and shall give or withhold his consent accordingly.

2. For the purpose of the purchase of land under this Act, the Lands Clauses Acts shall be incorporated with this Act, with the exceptions and additions and subject to the provisions following; (that is to say,)

(1.) There shall not be incorporated with this Act sections sixteen or seventeen of the Lands C'auses Consolidation Act, 1845, or the provisions of that Act with respect to affording access to the special Act.

(2.) In the construction of this Act and the incorporated Acts this Act shall be deemed to be the special Act, and the Secretary of State, volunteer corps, or council of a county or borough, as the case may be (in this section referred to as

Y

Powers to purchase land.

Machinery for purchase of land.

"338

Ch. 43.

Military Lands Act, 1892.

55 & 56 Vict.

" the purchaser "), shall be deemed to be the promoters of the undertaking.

(3.) Where the Secretary of State is the purchaser —

(a.) The bond required by section eighty-five of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, shall be under the seal of the Secretary of State, and shall be sufficient without the addition of the sureties in those sections mentioned. (5.) When compensation has been paid to any person in respect of any estate or interest in land taken under this Act, the land shall vest in the Secretary of State for all the estate and interest of that person, including any estate or interest therein held in trust by that person or capable of being conveyed by him in pursuance of any power. Nevertheless the Secretary of State may require that person to execute any conveyance which he might have been required to execute if this Act had not passed; and nothing in this section shall in any manner invalidate any such conveyance when executed.

(4.) The provisions of the incorporated Acts with respect to the purchase of land compulsorily shall not be put in force until a Provisional Order has been made and the sanction of Parliament has been obtained in manner in this Act mentioned.

(5.) One month at the least before the making of the Provisional Order, if the Secretary of State is the purchaser, and before the application for the Order in any other case, the purchaser shall serve, in manner provided by the Lands Clauses Acts, a notice on every owner or reputed owner, lessee or reputed lessee, and occupier of any land intended to be so purchased, describing the land intended to be taken, and in general terms the purposes to which it is to be applied, and stating the intention of the purchaser to obtain the sanction of Parliament to the purchase thereof, and inquiring whether the person so served assents or dissents to the taking of his land, and requesting him to forward to the purchaser any objections he may have to his land being taken.

(6.) Where the Secretary of State is the purchaser, he shall, at some time after the service of the notice, cause a public local inquiry to be held by a competent officer into the objections made by any persons whose land is required to be taken, and by other persons, if any, interested in the subject matter of the inquiry.

(7.) Where the purchaser is a volunteer corps or the council of a county or borough —

(a.) The corps or council may, if they think fit, on compliance with the provisions of this section with respect to notices, present a petition to a Secretary of State. The petition shall state the land intended to be taken, and the purposes for which the land is required, and the names of the owners, lessees, and occupiers of land who have assented, dissented, or are neuter in respect of the taking the land, or who have returned no answer to the notice. The petition shall pray that the corps or council may,

1892.

Military Lands Act, 1892. Ch. 43.

339

with reference to the land, be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Acts with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, and the prayer shall be supported by such evidence as the Secretary of State requires:

(b.) On recept of the petition and on due proof of the proper notices having been served, the Secretary of State shall take the petition into consideration, and may either dismiss the same, or direct a public local inquiry to be held by a competent officer as to the propriety of assenting to the prayer of the petition.

<(8.) Before a local inquiry is held in pursuance of this section the Secretary of State shall publish a notice of the intention to hold the inquiry —

(a) by affixing copies conspicuously on or in the immediate neighbourhood of the land proposed to be acquired; and

(b) by advertising the notice once at least in each of two successive weeks in some one and the same local newspaper circulating in the neighbourhood.

(9.) If after the local inquiry has been held the Secretary of State is satisfied that the land ought to be taken, he may make a Provisional Order to that effect, authorising the taking of the land either by himself or by a volunteer coips or by a council of a county or borough, as the case may be, and may submit a Bill to Parliament for the confirmation of the Provisional Order, but the Provisional Order shall not be of any effect unless and until it is confirmed by Parliament.

(10.) If, while the Bill confirming any such Order is pending in either House of Parliament, a petition is presented against anything comprised therein, the Bill, so far as relates to the Order, may be referred to a select committee, and the petitioner shall be allowed to appear and oppose as in the case of private Bills.

3. Land acquired under this Act may be let by a volunteer Power to let corps, or if acquired by the council of a county or borough by that land-council, in any manner consistent with the use thereof for military purposes.

4. Any expenses incurred by the council of a county or borough Payment of for the purposes of this Act shall be defrayed by the council of a expenses* county out of the county fund, and by the council of a borough out

of the borough fund or borough rate.

5. — (1.) A volunteer corps may, with the consent of the Secretary Power of of State, and subject to such conditions as he may impose, borrow

such money as may be required for the purpose of the purchase by bonw? them of land under this Act.

(2.) The money shall be borrowed on the security of the land acquired by the volunteer corps, and also on the security of any grant to the corps out of money provided by Parliament.

6. The council of a borough may borrow for the purpose of Powers of acquiring land under this Act in like manner as they may borrow coimcf/to

Y 2 > borrow

340

Ch. 43.

Military Lands Act, 1892.

55 & 56- Vict.

38 Si 39 Vict. c. 55.

Power for Public Works Loan Commissioners to lend. 38 & 39 Vict. c. 89.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 77.

Provision as to disbandment of corps, &c.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 18.

Buies as to exercise of powers. See. by volunteer corps.

26 & 27 Vict.

o. 65.

for the purposes of the Public Health Act, 1875, and the provisions of that Act shall apply accordingly, but the money shall be borrowed on the security of the borough fund or borough rate.

7. — (1.) The Public Works Loan Commissioners may in manner provided by the Public Works Loans Act, 1875, lend any money which may be borrowed for the purposes of this Act, and may so lend on the security authorised by this Act without requiring any other security.

(2.) Every loan by the Public "Works Loan Commissioners under this Act shali be repaid within a period not exceeding fifty years, and shall bear interest at a rate not less than three and a half per centum per annum, or such other rate as may be fixed by a minute of the Treasury under section two of the Public Works Loans Act, 1879.

8. — (1.) If a volunteer corps holding land under this Act is disbanded, the land shall, by virtue and subject to the provisions of this section, vest in the Secretary of State from the date of the disbandment, subject to the repayment of any money borrowed for the purchase of the land, and not already repaid, and the sums required for such repayment shall, if and so far as not provided by the sale of the land, be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament for Army services.

(2.) A certificate of the Secretary of State that land has vested in him under this section shall be conclusive evidence of the fact certified.

(3.) If the volunteer corps on whose behalf land is acquired under this Act by a county or borough council is disbanded, the council may either appropriate the land to any purpose approved by the Local Government Board, or sell it for the best price that can be reasonably obtained, and any money arising from the sale shall be applied towards repaying any money borrowed for the purchase of the land, and so far as not required for that purpose shall be applied to any purpose to which capital moneys are properly applicable, and which is approved by the Local Government Eoard.

Provided that before so appropriating any such land or before selling any such land, if it is not so appropriated, the council shall offer to sell the same to the person then entitled to the land (if any) from which the same was originally severed, and thereupon sections one hundred and twenty-nine to one hundred and thirty-two, both inclusive, of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, shall apply as if the land were superfluous land and the council were the promoters of the undertaking within the meaning of those sections.

9. — (1.) Rules under section twenty-four of the Volunteer Act, 1863, may provide for the exercise of any powers and the performance of any duty under this Act by any officer of the volunteer corps on behalf of the corps, and may provide generally for the carrying into effect of this Act by a volunteer corps.

(2.) The p owers given by section twenty-five of the Volunteer Act, 1863, to the commanding officer for the time being of a

1892.

Military Laiids Act, 1892. Ch. 43.

341

volunteer corps and his successors shall include a power to mortgage any land acquired under this Act and to do all things necessary for that purpose.

10. — (1.) The Commissioners of Woods with the consent of the Treasury, as to land belonging to the Crown, the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster by deed under the hand and seal of the Chancellor, attested by the clerk of the Council, asto land forming part of possessions of the Duchy of Lancaster, and the Duke of Cornwall or other the persons for the time being having power to dispose of land belonging to the Duchy of Cornwall, as to land forming part of possessions of that jduchy, may lease land for military purposes to a Secretary of State or a volunteer corps for a term not exceeding twenty-one years, but the lease shall cease to have effect if the land ceases to be used for military purposes.

(2.) Where any land is vested in the Crown and is under the management of any commissioners or departments other than the Commissioners of Woods, and where land is held by any public department for the public service, the commissioners or department having the management of the lands may exercise, as tegards the land, any powers which under this Act may be exercised as respects land belonging to the Crown by the Commissioners of Woods.

(3.) The Commissioners of Works may lease to a Secretary of State or to a volunteer corps for military purposes any portion of such royal parks, gardens, and possessions as are under the management of those Commissioners, for a term not exceeding twenty*one years, and subject to such conditions as the Commissioners think fit; but the lease shall be at all times revocable by Her Majesty.

11. — (1.) Any person, body of persons, or authority holding land for ecclesiastical or public purposes may lease any such land to a Secretary of State or to a volunteer corps for military purposes for any term not exceeding twenty-one years, subject to the following provisions:

(a.) An ecclesiastical corporation sole below the dignity of a bishop shall not grant any such lease without the consent in writing of the bishop to whose jurisdiction he is subject, and of the patron of the preferment to which the land belongs, or the guardians or trustees of such patron:

(6.) A lease of parochial property shall be granted under and in accordance with the provisions of section three of the Union and Parish Property Act, 1835, and the Acts amending the same:

(c.) Where the land is vested in any trustees, commissioners, or other body of persons, a majority of a meeting of such trustees, commissioners, or other body of persons duly convened may grant a lease under this section and execute any instrument for that purpose:

(d.) Where the land belongs to an administrative county, the county council may grant a lease under this section with the consent of the Local Government Board.

Provision as to land belonging to Crown, See.

Power to lease land held for public pm»w poses.

5 & 6 Will. 4

c. 69.

342

Ch. 43.

Military Lands, 1892.

55 & 56 Vict.

Proof that land has ceased to be used for military purposes.

Power to stop or divert footpaths.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 50.

Power of Secretary of State to make byelaws as to use of land held for military purposes and securing safety of public.

(2.) A lease under this section shall cease to have effect if the land ceases to be used for military purposes.

12. Any land leased under this Act shall be deemed to have ceased to be used for military purposes where there has not been such use for a period of one year, and a certificate of the fact of such non-user is given by a Secretary of State; and the certificate shall be conclusive evidence of the fact of such non-user.

13. — (1.) Where a footpath crosses or runs inconveniently or dangerously near to any land leased under this Act, that footpath may, with the consent of the vestry of the parish in which the same is situate, and on the certificate of two justices that the footpath to be substituted is convenient for the public, be stopped up or diverted.

(2.) The provisions of the Highway Act, 1835, as to the obtaining of a certificate and the stopping up or diverting a highway where a person other than the inhabitants or vestry are desirous of stopping up, diverting, or turning a highway shall apply so far as practicable to the obtaining of a certificate, and the stopping up or diverting a footpath under this section; with this exception, that the certificate of the justices shall be conclusive in cases where it states the fact of their having viewed the footpath to be stopped up or diverted, and that the proposed new footpath is convenient for the public.

PART II.

Byelaws as to Land used for Military Purposes.

14. — (1.) Where any land belonging to a Secretary of State or to a volunteer corps is for the time being appropriated by or with the consent of a Secretary of State for any military purpose, a Secretary of State may make byelaws for regulating the use of the land for the purposes to which it is appropriated, and for securing the public against danger arising from that use, with powrer to prohibit all intrusion on the land and all obstruction of the use thereof.

Provided that no byelaws promulgated under this section shall authorise the Secretary of State to take away or prejudicially affect any right of common.

(2.) Where any such byelaws permit the public to use the land for any purpose when not used for the military purpose to which it is appropriated, those byelaws may also provide for the government of the land when so used by the public, and the preservation of order and good conduct thereon, and for the prevention of nuisances, obstructions, encampments, and encroachments thereon, and for the prevention of any injury to the same, or to anything growing or erected thereon, and for the prevention of anything interfering with the orderly use thereof by the public for the purpose permitted by the byelaws.

(3.) For the purposes of this section, " land belonging to a Secretary of State" means land under the management of a Secretary of State, whether vested in Her Majesty or in the Secretary of State, or in a person as trustee for Her Majesty or the Secretary of State; and " land belonging to a volunteer corps "

Ch. 43.

1892. Military Lands Act, 1892.

34$

means any land vested in that corps or in any person as trustee for that corps.

15. Where a Secretary of State or a volunteer corps has for the Application of

time being the right of using for any military purpose any land ^ere

vested in another person, this Part of this Act shall apply in like acquired. 8 manner as if the land were vested in the Secretary of State or volunteer corps, and the same were appropriated for the said purpose, save that nothing therein or in any byelaws made thereunder shall injuriously affect the private rights of any person

further or otherwise than is authorised by the grant of the right to use the land.

16. — (1.) A byelaw under this Act shall not interfere with any Byelaws as to highway, unless made with the consent of the authority having highways, control of the repair of the roads of the town, district, parish,

or other area in which the highway is situate, but where it appears to the authority that any highway crosses or runs inconveniently or dangerously near to any land the use of which can be regulated by byelaws under this Act, the authority may consent to a byelaw providing to such extent as seems reasonable for the temporary diversion from time to time of the highway, or for the restriction from time to time of the use thereof.

(2.) Any such highway, if a footpath, may (without prejudice to any other power of stopping up or diverting the same) be stopped up or diverted in the manner in which a footpath crossing or running inconveniently or dangerously near to any land leased under Part One of this Act may be stopped up or diverted.

17. — (1.) A Secretary of State, before making any byelaws Notice and under this Act, shall cause the proposed byelaws to be made known

in the locality, and give an opportunity for objections being made 0 ye aws* to the same, and shall receive and consider all objections made; and when any such byplaws are made, shall cause the boundaries of the area to which the byelaws apply to be marked, and the byelaws to be published, in such manner as appears to him necessary to make them known to all persons in the locality; and shall provide for copies of the byelaws being sold at the price of one shilling for each copy to any person who desires to obtain the same.

(2.) If any person commits an offence against any byelaw under this Act, he shall be liable, on conviction before a court of summary jurisdiction, to a fine not exceeding five pounds, and may be removed by any constable or officer authorised in manner provided by the byelaw from the area, whether land or water, to which the byelaw applies, and taken into custody without warrant, and brought before a court of summary jurisdiction to be dealt with according to law, and any vehicle, animal, vessel, or thing found in the area in contravention of any byelaw, may be removed by any constable or such officer as aforesaid, and on due proof of such contravention, be declared by a court of summary jurisdiction to be forfeited to Her Majesty.

r

344

Ch. 43.

Military Lands Act, 1892.

55 & 56 Vict.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 37.

Byelaws in cnse of leased land.

Application of Act to yeomanry corps.

Power to Lave compensation settled by arbitration.

Power to enter on land to fix alignment marks.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 49.

(3.) A byelaw under this Act sha.'l be deemed to be a regulation within the meaning of the Documentary Evidence Act, 1868, and may be proved accordingly.

18. — (1.) Where land has been leased under Part One of this Act, a byelaw made in respect of that land shall not be inconsistent with any condition contained in the instrument of lease.

(2.) Where land has been leased under Part One of this Act subject to a condition that byelaws relating to the land shall be made with the consent of the lessor, or shall be made by the lessor subject to the approval of the Secretary of State, that condition shall be observed, and the lessor, acting with the approval of the Secretary of State, shall have the same power of making byelaws in relation to the land as is conferred by this Act on the Secretary of State.

PART III.

Supplemental.

19. This Act shall apply in the case of a yeomanry corps as if it were a volunteer corps; and all land acquired by a yeomanry corps shall vest in the commanding officer of the corps for the time being and his successors in office with power for him to sue and make contracts and conveyances and to do all other lawful acts relating thereto.

20. Where any land is acquired under this Act or for military purposes under any Act with which the Lands Clauses Acts are incorporated, the person or authority acquiring the land may require that the compensation to be paid for the land be settled by arbitration and not by reference to a jury, and thereupon the provisions of the Lands Clauses Acts with reference to arbitration shall, if not already applicable, apply for the purpose of settling the compensation.

21. Where the Secretary of State certifies that it is necessary for the purposes of coast defence operations that alignment marks should be provided in any places upon the coast, the following provisions shall apply for that purpose:—

(a.) Any person authorised by the Secretary of State may, after seven days' notice to the owner of the land, enter upon any }and for the purpose of erecting, repairing, or replacing such alignment marks, and may do all things necessary for any such purpose, but shall do as little damage to the land as possible.

(6.) Full compensation shall be paid to the owner of the land for any damage caused in or by the erection, repair, or replacement of such alignment marks, and in case of dispute the amount of compensation shall be determined by arbitration under the Arbitration Act, 1889.

(c.) If any person refuses to permit any authorised person to enter upon any land for the purpose of this section, or obstructs the erection, repair, or replacing of any such align -

1892.

Military Lands Act, 1892. Ch. 43.

345

ment marks, or destroys, displaces, damages, or obstructs, any such alignment marks, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

22. All powers given by this Act shall be in addition to any Saving for other power to acquire land for military purposes conferred by ?aCnd mlder of any Act passed before this Act, and nothing contained in this other Acts. Act shall prejudicially affect the powers vested in the Secretary of

State for War under the Defence Acts and the Acts incorporated therewith.

23. In this Act the expression "military purposes " includes Interpretation, rifle or artillery practice, the building and enlarging of barracks

and camps, the erection of butts, targets, batteries, and other accommodation, the storing of arms, military drill, and any other purpose connected with military matters approved by the Secretary of State.

In this Act and the enactments incorporated therewith the expression "land " includes any easement in or over lands, and for the purpose of Part One of this Act includes any right of firing over lands or other right of user.

24. Nothing in this Act shall authorise the taking of any land Saving for in the New Forest, or shall empower the Commissioners Gf New orest. Woods, to grant, or lease, or give any licence over any land in

the New Forest: Provided that nothing herein-before contained shall prevent the Secretary of State from proceeding at any time to acquire lands in the New Forest for the purposes of this Act by Provisional Order, but no such Provisional Order shall be of any effect unless and until the provisions of section two of this Act with respect to the taking of lands by the Secretary of State shall have been complied with:Provided also, that in case the Secretary of State shall be desirous of acquiring the lands which were the subject of an inquiry held by the Honourable T: H. W. Pelham at Lyndhurst in the year one thousand eight hundred and ninety-two, such last-mentioned inquiry shall be deemed to be the local inquiry with regard to the acquisition of such lands rendered necessary by this Act.

25. In the application of this Act to Scotland, the following Application to

provisions shall have effect: — Scotland.

(1.) The expression "council of a county or borough" means the county council of a county or the town council of a burgh, as defined by the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889:52 & 53 Vict.

(2.) The expressions " county fund " and " borough fund or c* 50, borough rate, " mean respectively the general purposes rate and the police rate:

(3.) For the purpose of acquiring land under this Act, a county council may borrow in like manner as they may borrow under section sixty-seven of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 52 & 53 Vict. 1889, and a town council in like manner as they may borrow c> 50-under section fourteen of the Public Parks (Scotland) Act, 41 Vict. c. 8. 1878:

(4.) The expression "Local Government Board" means Secretary for Scotland:

346

Ch. 43.

Military Lauda, 1892.

55 & 56 Vict.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 19.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 71.

41 & 42 Vict c. 51.

Application to Ireland.

41 & 42 Vict c. 22.

(5.) A reference to any sections of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, shall be construed to mean a reference to the corresponding sections of the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845:

(6.) Section eleven of this Act shall not apply to Scotland, and in lieu thereof the following provision shall have effect, namely, —

Any person, body of persons, or authority holding land for ecclesiastical or public purposes, may lease such land to a Secretary of State or to a volunteer corps for military purposes for any term not exceeding twenty-one years, subject to the following provisions: —

(a.) The minister of a parish who shall be in possession of a glebe shall be entitled to grant such lease as if the words "twenty-one years " had been substituted for the words "eleven years " in the third section of the Glebe Lands (Scotland) Act, 1866, provided that in all other respects the provisions of the said third section be observed;

(b.) Where the land is vested in any trustees, commissioners, or other body of persons, a majority of a meeting of such trustees, commissioners, or other body of persons, duly convened, may grant a lease under this section, and execute any instrument for that purpose;

(c.) Where the land belongs to a county council or a town council, that council may grant a lease under this section with the consent of the Secretary for Scotland;

(d.) A lease under this section shall cease to have effect if the land ceases to be used for military purposes:

(7.) The sheriff of the county shall give the consent and grant the certificate required under sub-section one of section thirteen of this Act, and sections forty-two and forty-three of the Roads and Bridges (Scotland) Act, 1878, shall be substituted for sub-section two of section thirteen of this Act:

(8.) The expression "court of summary jurisdiction" means the sheriff or any two justices of the peace sitting in open court, or any magistrate or magistrates within the meaning of the Summary Jurisdiction Acts:

(9.) Any dispute as to the amount of compensation under section twenty-two of this Act shall be determined in the manner provided by the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland; Act, 1883.

26. In the application of this Act to Ireland the following provisions shall have effect: —

(1.) A reference to the Public Health Act, 1875, shall be construed to mean a reference to the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878;

(2.) The expression Commissioners of Works means the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland;

1892.

Military Lands Act, 1892. Ch. 43.

347

(3.) An arbitration under this Act shall be carried out in accordance with the provisions of the Lands Clauses Acts;

(4.) Section eleven of this Act shall not apply to Ireland, and in lieu thereof the following provision shall have effect, namely —

Any person, body of persons, or authority holding land for public purposes may lease such land to a Secretary of State for military purposes for any term not exceeding twenty-one years, subject to the following provisions: —

(a.)Where the land is vested in any trustees, commissioners, or ether body of persons, a majority of a meeting of such trustees, commissioners, or other body of persons, duly convened, may grant a lease under this section and execute any instrument for that purpose;

(b.) A lease under this section shall cease to have effect if the land ceases to be used for military purposes.

(5.) Section thirteen of this Act shall not apply to Ireland, but in lieu thereof the following provision shall have effect, namely —

Where a footpath crosses or runs inconveniently or dangerously near to any land leased under this Act, that footpath may be stopped up or diverted after presentment made in accordance, as nearly as may be, with section sixty of the Grand Jury (Ireland) Act, 1836.

27. The powers given to the Commissioners of Woods by this Act shall extend to any allotment that may be made to and any land that may be purchased on behalf of Her Majesty, under the provisions of an Act of Tynwald, intituled the Isle of Man Disafforesting Act, 1860, but save as aforesaid, this Act shall not extend to the Isle of Man.

28. The Acts mentioned in the schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that schedule: Provided that land acquired in any manner under any enactment repealed by this Act shall be deemed to have been acquired in a similar manner under this Act, and any byelaws made under any enactment so repealed shall be deemed to have been made under this Act.

29. This Act may be cited as the Military Lands Act, 1892.

i.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 62.

Limited application of Act to Isle of Man.

Repeal.

[Short title.]

348

Ch. 43, 44.

55 & 56 Vict.

Section 28.

SI & 52 Vict. c. 25.

Time for application for Provisional Order.

[Short title.]

Military Lands, 1892.

SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title or ! Extent of Repeal.

22 Vict. c. 12. - - The Defence Act, 1859 Section one. i

26 & 27 Vict. c. 65. The Volenteer Act, 1863 - 1 Sections thirty-one to l forty inclusive.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 86. ' The Regulation of the Forces 1 Act, 1871. j Section seventeen.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 36. The Artillery and Rifle Ranges Act) 1835. The whole Act, except section three.

49 & 50 Vict 50 Vict. c. 5. - The Drill Grounds Act, 1883 The whole Act.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 2o. | The Barracks Act, 1890 I Sections two and three.

54 & 55 Vict 55 Vict. c. 54. ' The Ranges Act, 1891 - The whole Act, except section eleven so far os that section relates to the acquisition of land under the Defence Act, 1842, and the Acts amending the same.

CHAPTER 44.

An Act to amend the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888.

[27th June 1892.]

WHEREAS by section twenty-four of the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, it is provided that after the commencement of the session of Parliament next after that in which the report of the Eoard of Trade with respect to a classification of traffic and schedule of rates and charges has been submitted to Parliament, the Board of Trade may embody in a Provisional Order such classification and schedule as in the opinion of the Board of Trade ought to be adopted, and procure a Bill to be introduced to confirm the Order, and it is expedient to amend this provision:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. A Provisional Order in pursuance of sub-section seven ot section twenty-four of the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, may be made, and a Bill to confirm the same may be introduced, at any time after hearing the parties as provided in sub-section four of the said section.

2. This Act may be cited as the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1892.

1892.

349

Land Commissioners (Ireland) Salaries Ch. 45, 46.

Act, 1892.

CHAPTER 45.

An Act to provide for the increase of the Salaries of certain Land Commissioners in Ireland, and for other purposes connected with the Laud Commission.

[27th June 1892.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Land Commissioners (Ireland) Salaries Act, 1892.

2. From and after the date at which the appeals mentioned in Salaries of sub-section two of section twenty-nine of the Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1891, shall have been disposed of, or from and after jT4g. 1C ' the first day of June one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three, whichever shall first happen, the salary to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund to each of the Commissioners appointed under the Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1885, shall be, at his option (to be 48 & 49 Vict. signified to the Treasury within two months after the passing ofc* 78* this Act), either an annual salary of three thousand pounds, in which case he shall not be entitled to any pension or superannuation allowance, or an annual salary of two thousand five hundred pounds, in which ease he shall be entitled to a superannuation allowance calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Superannuation Acts, 1834 to 1887, notwithstanding anything contained in the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881. c 49< , c '

3. As soon as the state of business in the Land Commission Reduction of permits, the number of the Land Commissioners shall, as vacancies Commissioners, occur, be reduced to three, one of whom shall be a Judicial Land Commissioner, and until the number of the Commissioners is so reduced any vacancy occurring in their number shall not be filled except on a certificate from the Lord Lieutenant to the effect that in his opinion the state of business in the Land Commission requires the vacancy to be filled.

CHAPTER 46.

An Act to amend the Ancient Monuments Protection Act, 1882.

[27th June 1892.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commors, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Where the Commissioners of Works are of opinion that the Application of preservation of any ancient or mediaeval structure, erection, or 45 & 46 Vict\ monument, or of any remains thereof, is a matter of public interest atructureTaml11 by reason of the historic, traditional, or artistic interest attaching monuments, thereto, they may at the request of the owner consent to become the guardians thereof; and thereupon the Ancient Monuments Protection Act, 1882, shall apply to such structure, erection, or

350 Ch. 46, 47. Ancient Monuments Protection & 56 Vict.

(Ireland) Act, 1892.

Power to expend certain moneys.

32 & 83 Vict. C. 33. s. 25.

Short title and construction.

monument, or remains, as if the same were an ancient monument to which that Act applies as defined in that Act.

Provided that this Act shall not authorise the Commissioners of Works to consent to become the guardians of any structure which is occupied as a dwelling-place by any person other than a person employed as a caretaker thereof, and his family.

2. The Commissioners of Works may apply any surplus income arising from the moneys paid to them by the Commissioners of Church Temporalities in Ireland towards the maintenance of any structure entrusted to their guardianship under this Act of the character described in section twenty-five of the Irish Church Act, 1869, whether the same was or was not vested in the Commissioners under that Act.

3. This Act may be cited as the Ancient Monuments Protection (Ireland) Act, 1892, and shall be construed as one with the Ancient Monuments Protection Act, 1882, and that Act and this Act may be cited together as the Ancient Monuments Protection Acts, 1882 and 1892.

Extent of Act. 4. This Act shall apply to Ireland only.

Apportionment between Great Britain and Ireland of money voted for execution of 53 & 54 Vict. c. 14.

Increase of limit of rate under 41 & 42 Vict. c. 74. s. 83. subsect. 8.

Application to foot-and-mouth

CHAPTER 47.

An Act to amend the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Acts, 1878 to 1890.

[27th June 1892.]

BE it enacted, by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Whereas the Contagious Diseases (Animals) (Pleuro-Pneumonia) Act, 1890, provides for the payment, out of moneys provided by Parliament, of sums not exceeding in the aggregate one hundred and sixty thousand pounds a year for the execution of the Act, and for the payment in any one year of not more than one hundred and forty thousand pounds for the execution of the Act in Great Britain, and of not more than twenty thousand pounds for the execution of the Act in Ireland, and it is expedient to provide for varying the apportionment, between Great Britain and Ireland, of the said sum of one hundred and sixty thousand pounds; be it therefore enacted as follows:—

The sums provided by Parliament for the execution of the Contagious Diseases (Animals) (Pleuro-Pneumonia) Act, 1890, may, notwithstanding anything in that Act, be apportioned between Great Britain and Ireland in such manner as the Treasury in communication with the Board of Agriculture and the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland may direct.

2. Subsection eight of section eighty-three of the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1878, shall have effect as if for the word "fourpence " were substituted the word "eightpence."

3. Any money applicable under the Contagious Diseases (Animals) (Pleuro-Pneumonia) Act, 1890, in cases of pleuro-

1892.

Contagious Diseases ()

Act, 1892. Ch. 47, 48.

351

pneumonia shall be applicable in cases of foot-and-mouth disease, disease of

and any powers exerciseable under that Act with respect to pleuro- crtam P

J K, ..., , /, , r, visions relating

pneumonia may be exercised with respect to toot-and-mouth to plcuro-

disease; and for this purpose the expression "cattle " in that Act pneumonia.

shall include any animals. 54 Vict *

Provided that the compensation to be paid for any animal

slaughtered under the powers conferred by this section shall be

the value of the animal immediately before it is slaughtered, or

if affected with disease before it was so affected.

4. This Act may be cited as the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Short title and Act, 1892, and shall be read with the Contagious Diseases construction. (Animals) Acts, 1878 to 1890.

CHAPTER 48.

An Act for making further Provision respecting certain Payments to the Banks of England and Ireland, and for other purposes connected with those Banks.

[27th June 1892.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. There shall be paid to the Bank of England during the period in this Act mentioned as remuneration for the management of the National Debt inscribed in their books, an annual sum calculated at the rate of three hundred and twenty-five pounds for every million pounds of such debt up to five hundred million pounds, and at the rate of one hundred pounds for every million pounds of such debt above the said five hundred million pounds: Provided that during the said period the said annual sum shall not be less than one hundred and sixty thousand pounds.

2. There shall be paid to the Bank of Ireland, during the period in this Act mentioned, as remuneration for the management of the National Debt inscribed in their books an annual sum calculated at the rate of four hundred and twenty-five pounds for every million pounds, if such debt does not exceed thirty million pounds, and if it does exceed that sum, then at the rate of three hundred pounds for every million pounds of such debt: Provided that during the said period the said annual sum shall not be less than eight thousand pounds.

3. There shall be paid to the Bank of England, during the period in this Act mentioned, for the management in every financial year, of Exchequer bonds, Exchequer bills, and Treasury bills, an annual sum calculated at the rate, as respects Exchequer bonds and Exchequer bills, of one hundred pounds, and, as respects Treasury bills, of two hundred pounds, for every million pounds of bonds or bills outstanding on the last day of the previous financial year.

Remuneration to Bank of England for management of unredeemed debt inscribed in books.

Remuneration to Bank of Ireland for management of unredeemed debt inscribed in books.

Remuneration to Bank of England for management of Exchequer bonds and bills and Treasury

bills.

352

Ch. 48.

Bank Act, 1892.

55 & 56 Vict.

General provision as to payments for management of unredeemed debt and of Exchequer bonds and bills and Treasury bills.

Rate of interest on Government debt to the Banks of England and Ireland.

4. — (1.) The annual sums fixed by this Act for the management of the National Debt inscribed in the books of the Bans: of England or Ireland and of Exchequer bonds, Exchequer hills, and Treasury bills shall be payable in respect of that management for every financial year up to and including the year ending the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and twelve, and thereafter from year to year until Parliament otherwise directs.

(2.) The annual sums for the said management in any financial year shall be paid before the fifth day of July in the following financial year.

(3.) The National Debt Commissioners shall certify the amount of the unredeemed National Debt which on the last day of every financial year is inscribed in the books of the Bank of England and Bank of Ireland respectively, and the annual sums for the management of the Debt in the following financial year shall be calculated on the amount so certified.

(4.) Such certificate shall state the nominal capital amount of all the unredeemed National Debt so inscribed, and shall state the capital amount of every terminable annuity at fifteen years purchase thereof if originally created for a term exceeding fifty years, and at ten years purchase thereof if originally created for a term of fifty years or under.

(5.) The said annual sums shall continue to be payable out of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt.

(6.) For the purpose of calculating the said annual sums, the National Debt shall include the Local Loans stock and Guaranteed Land stock, but such proportion of those sums as is payable in respect of the management of the two last-mentioned stocks shall be paid to the Bank in the case of the Local Loans stock out of the Local Loans fund, and in the case of Guaranteed Land stock out of money provided by Parliament for the service of the Irish Land Commission.

5. Whereas the Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland respectively have consented to the annuity or interest on the debt to them from the public being reduced to the rate of two and three-quarters per cent per annum until the fifth day of April one thousand nine hundred and three; Be it therefore enacted as follows:

(1.) The annuity or interest payable as part of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt —

(a) in respect of the debt due from the public to the Bank of England, (which at the passing of this Act amounts to eleven million fifteen thousand and one hundred pounds); and

(b) in respect of the debt due from the public to the Bank of Ireland, (which at the passing of this Act amounts to two million six hundred and thirty thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine pounds four shillings and eightpence),

shall be at the rate of two pounds fifteen shillings per cent per annum, until the fifth day of April, one thousand nine hundred and three, and after that day, at the rate of two

1892.

Bank Act, 1892. Ch. 48.

353

pounds ten shillings per cent per annum: Provided that if the Bank concerned by notice in writing to the Treasury six months before the said day decline to accept such lower rate of interest, the debt to that Bank may be paid off without further notice, and until payment, the said annuity or interest shall continue to be payable at the rate of two pounds fifteen shillings per cent per annum.

(2.) The said annuity or interest shall be paid by equal quarterly payments on the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the fifth day of October in each year.

6. — (1.) Where Bank of England notes issued more than forty years have not been presented for payment, the Bank of England may write off the amount, or any proportion of the amount of the said notes from the total amount of notes issued from the issue department, and the Bank Charter Act 1844 shall apply as if the amount of notes so written off had not been issued; Provided that —

(a) a return of the amount of notes so written off shall be forthwith sent to the Treasury and laid by them before Parliament; and

(b) this section shall not affect the liability of the Bank to pay any note included in the amount so written off, and if it is presented for payment the amount shall either be paid out of the bank notes, gold coin, or bullion, in the banking department, or, if it is exchanged for gold coin or bullion in the issue department, or for a note issued from the issue department, a corresponding amount of gold coin or bullion shall be transferred from the banking department and appropriated to the issue department.

(2.) This section shall be construed as one with the Bank Charter Act, 1844.

7. — (1.) It shall be lawful for Her Majesty the Queen to grant, and for the Bank of England to accept, a supplemental charter regulating the internal affairs of the corporation of the Bank of England, and if such charter is granted the Acts specified in Part III.' of the schedule to this Act shall be repealed as from the date of such supplemental charter to the extent in the third column of that schedule mentioned.

(2.) Notwithstanding the repeal of any enactment by this Act the capital stock of the Bank of England as existing at the passing of this Act shall be subject to the enactments so far as unrepealed which relate to stock of the Bank of England, and the holders of the stock shall be members of the corporation of the Bank of England.

8. — (1.) This Act may be cited as the Bank Act, 1892.

(2.) This Act shall take effect as from the beginning of the -current financial year.

(3.) The Acts set out in Parts I. and II. of the schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent in the third column of that schedule mentioned.

Z

Mode of dealing with dead Bank of England note*.

7 & 8 Vict.

c. 32.

Internal regulations and stock of Bank of England.

Short title, commencement, and repeal.

354

Ch. 48.

Bank Act, 1892.

55 & 56 Vict.

Section 8.

SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

PART I.

Enactments relating to the Debt from the Public to and the the Bank of England.

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Title or

Extent of Repeal.

5 & 6 Will. & Mar. The Bank of England Act, c. 20. i 1694.

8 & 9 Will. 3. c. 20. The Bank of England Act, I 1696.

Section twenty-one; section thirty-two; and section thirty-four.

Section twenty-six, from " or for whom such " subscriptions shall be made" down to " twentieth day of " June be and, and from " at all times " down to June "; section thirty-two, down to " by virtue of the said recited Act " and"; and the words "from and after the " compleating the said " subscriptions "; section thirty-three down to " ninety-seven "; section thirty-seven; section forty-seven; section forty-eight.

6 Anne c. 59. (c. 32. in the old editions).

An Act for regulating the qualifications of the elections of the governor, deputy governor, directors, and voters of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

The whole Act.

7 Anne c. 30. The Bank of England Act, (c. 7. in the old 1708. editions).

Preamble; sections one to five, section sixty-seven down to " persons, and that" and from " and the said " allowances " down to " governor and company, " and from " allowances and " down to " governor " and company as " aforesaid"; section sixty-eight.

3 Geo. 1. c. 8.

- 1 The Bank of England Act, 1716.

Section forty-five.

1892.

Bank Act, 1892. Ch. 48.

355

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Title or

11 Geo. 1. c. 9.

1 Geo. 2. Stat. 2. c. 8.

2 Geo. 2. c. 3.

13 Geo. 2. c. 13.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for continuing " the several annuities, and ends with the words "redeemable by Parliament."

An Act for granting an aid to His Majesty by sale of annuities to the Bank of England at four pounds per centum redeemable by Parliament, and charged upon the duties on coals and culm.

An Act for raising the sum of one million two hundred and fifty thousand pounds by sale of annuities to the Bank of England after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by Parliament, and for applying the produce of the sinking fund.

An Act for establishing an agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for advancing the sum of one million six hundred thou-

19 Geo. 2. c. 6.

23 Geo. 2. c. 1.

23 Geo. 2. c. 22.

sand pounds towards the ! supply for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty-two.

- An Act the title of which begins with the words

I " An Act for establishing an agreement, " and ends with the words "one " thousand seven hundred " and forty-six."

- | An Act for reducing the several annuities which I now carry an interest

i after the rate of four j

! pounds per centum per j

annum to the several rates !

I of interest therein men- j

i tioned. I

- An Act for giving further J

time to the proprietors of i annuities after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum to subscribe the same in the manner and upon the terms therein mentioned, and for redeeming such of the said annuities as shall not be so subscribed.

Extent of Repeal.

Preamble and sections one and five.

Section five.

Section five.

Sections six and seven.

Section three; section five; section eight; sections thirteon anil fourteen.

The whole Act, except section eight.

The whole Act, except sections eight and fourteen.

r

356

Ch. 48.

Bank Act, 1892.

55 & 56 Vict.

>5eetion 8.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title or Extent of Repeal.

56 Geo. 3. c. 96. - An Act for establishing an agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for advancing the 8am of three millions for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and sixteen. Section three, down to " service as aforesaid," and from " making an " encrease " to the end of the section; and section five.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 3. An Act to make further provision respecting certain payments to and from the Bank of England, and to increase the facilities for the transfer of stocks and annuities, and for other purposes. The whole Act except sections four, five, nine, and ten.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 25. The Exchequer Bills and Bonds Act, 1866. Section twenty-nine.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 71. The National Debt Act, 1870 Sections forty and sixty-four.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 2. The Treasury Bills Act, 1877 Section eleven and section twelve from " The " allowance " to the end of the section.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 16. National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887. Section eighteen.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 2. The National Debt (Conversion) Act, 1888. Section thirty-one.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 4. The National Debt Redemption Act, 1889. Section seventeen.

PART II.

Enactments relating to the Debt from the Public to the Bank of

Ireland.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title or Extent of Repeal.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 16. An Act to make further provision for the management of the unredeemed public debt in Ireland and for the reduction of the interest payable on certain sums advanced by the Bank of Ireland for the public service. The whole Act.

1892.

Bemk Act, 1892. Ch. 48, 49.

357

PART III. Section 7.

Enactments relating to internal affairs of Bank of England.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title or Extent of Repeal.

8*9 Will. 3. o. 20. The Bank of England Act, 1696. A Section thirty-four from " within seven days " to the end of the section; section fifty-two.

15 Geo. 2. c. 13. - An Act for establishing an agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for advancing the sum of one million six hundred thousand pounds towards the supply for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty-two. Section thirteen.

24 Geo. 2. c. 4. An Act for enabling the Bank of England to hold general courts and courts of directors in the manner therein directed. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed.

7 Geo. 3. c. 48. An Act for regulating the proceedings of certain public companies and corporations carrying on trade or dealings with joint stocks in respect to the declaring of dividends, and for further regulating the quali6cation of members for voting in their respective general courts. The whole Act, so far as it applies to the Bank of England.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 34. The Bank of England (Election of Directors) Act, 1872. The whole Act.

CHAPTER 49

An Act to authorise the Treasury to guarantee the Payment of a Loan to be raised by the Government of the Colony of Mauritius.

[27th June 1892.]

WHEREAS a recent hurricane has caused great damage in the colony of Mauritius, and for the purpose of relieving the distress caused by such hurricane and for the construction of public works, the Legislature of Mauritius has by an Ordinance (No. 4 of 1892), authorised the raising of a loan of six hundred thousand pounds by debentures or inscribed stock or partly by debentures

358

Ch. 49.

Mauritius Hurriance Loan Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Tier.

[Short title.]

Power to Treasury to guarantee loan

40 & 41 Vict. c. 59.

Condition of guarantee.

Application of sinking fund.

and partly by inscribed stock, in accordance with the General Loan and Inscribed Stock Ordinance, 1887:

And whereas it is desirable that the Imperial Parliament should render assistance to Her Majesty's distressed subjects in the said colony, and for that purpose it is expedient to authorise the Treasury to guarantee the said loan:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Mauritius Hurricane Loan Act, 1892.

2. — (1.) The Treasury may guarantee in such manner and form, and on such conditions as they think fit, the payment of the principal and interest at a rate of three per cent per annum of any loan raised by the Government of Mauritius either in pursuance of the Ordinance No. 4 of 1892 or for the repayment of a loan raised in pursuance of that Ordinance.

(2.) If such loan is raised by stock to which the Colonial Stock Act, 1877, applies, section nineteen of that Act shall not apply.

3. It shall be a condition of a guarantee of a loan under this Act that provision has been made to the satisfaction of the Treasury by some law of the Colony of Mauritius, whether made before or after the passing of this Act:

(1.) For raising and appropriating the loan: and

(2.) For payment by the Government of the colony of Mauritius of a sinking fund at the rate of one per cent per annum on the amount of the loan, or such higher rate as the Treasury may at any time certify to be necessary for making the sinking fund sufficient to pay off the loan at the expiration of forty-seven years from the issue thereof:and

(3.) For charging the general revenues and assets of the colony of Mauritius with the payment of the principal and interest and sinking fund of the loan with priority over any charges thereon not existing at the passing of this Act: and

(4.) For charging the general revenues and assets of the colony of Mauritius immediately after the last-mentioned payment with the payment of any sum issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom under this Act with interest thereon at the rate of five per cent per annum:and

(5.) For the due payment and application of the money raised by the loan: and

(6.) For remitting the annual sums for the sinking fund by equal half-yearly payments, and for the investment and accumulation thereof in the names of trustees.

4. — (1) The sinking fund shall be applied under the direction of the Treasury in discharge of the principal of the loan guaranteed under this Act; and the interest arising from the securities (including the interest accruing in respect of any part of the loan

1892.

Mauritius Hurricane Loan, 1892. Ch. 49, 50.

359

discharged by means of the sinking fund), and the resulting income of the investments of interest shall be applied as part of the sinking fund.

(2.) The securities in which the sinking fund is invested before its application in discharge of the loan shall be approved by the Treasury.

5. Every ordinance of the Legislature of the colony of Mauritius Alteration of which in any way impairs the priority of the charge upon the ^"7to general revenues and assets of the colony of Mauritius of the loan fH* ee guaranteed under this Act, and the interest and the sinking fund

thereof, and the sums paid out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom and the interest thereon, shall, so far only as it impairs such priority, be void, unless the consent of the Treasury has been previously obtained.

6. The Treasury may charge on and issue out of the , ssue

growing produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom atc

the sums required to fulfil the guarantee under this Act in respect

either of principal or interest, and may certify to a Secretary of State the amount and date of the issue, and the certificate shall be communicated to the Governor of the Colony of Mauritius, and shall be conclusive evidence of the amount having been issued and of the time when it was issued.

7. The Treasury shall lay before both Houses of Parliament Returns to a statement of any guarantee under this Act and an account of all Parliament, sums issued out of the Consolidated Fund for the purpose of this Act forthwith after the same is given or issued.

CHAPTER 50.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries.

[27th June 1892.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1892, and so far as is consistent with the tenor thereof shall be read as one with the Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Acts, 1861 to 1886, and with Parts III. and IV. of, the Fisheries Act, 1891, and those Acts and this Act may collectively be cited as the Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Acts, 1861 to 1892.

2. This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland. Application of

Act.

3. During the period between the third day of September and Consignment the first day of February, both inclusive, no person shall consign ^<^ac1^n trou< or send by any common or other carrier any salmon trout or char

360

Ch. 50.

Legal pro. ceedingR.

Continuation of existing provisions.

Definitions.

Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1892.

55 & 56 VICT.

unless the package containing the same shall be conspicuously-marked by painting or branding the word salmon trout or char respectively on the outside thereof, and during such period any officer of Customs, any officer of any board of conservators acting within the area of the jurisdiction of such board, any officer of a market authority acting within the area of the jurisdiction of such, authority, any officer appointed for that purpose in writing by the Board of Trade, and any officer appointed in writing by the Fishmongers Company at any place may open any package so consigned or sent or brought to any place to be so consigned or sent and suspected to contain salmon trout or char, and if such package is found to contain salmon trout or char and is not marked in accordance with this section, or if there is reasonable cause to suspect that the salmon trout or char contained in any marked package is being dealt with contrary to law, may detain such package and the contents thereof until proof is given in manner provided by law that such salmon trout or char is not being so dealt with, and in like manner and under like conditions may detain any such salmon trout or char not packed in any package, and if before such proof is given any salmon trout or char detained under the provisions of this section becomes unfit for human food, may destroy the same. Any person offending against this section or refusing to allow any person acting under the authority thereof to exercise the powers conferred thereby or obstructing any such person in the exercise of those powers, shall be liable for every such offence to a penalty not exceeding five pounds. Any package containing salmon trout or char, and not marked in accordance with this section, shall be forfeited, together with the contents thereof, on the conviction of the offender.

4. Proceedings against a person contravening any of the provisions of the Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Acts, 1861 to 1892, may be instituted before a court of summary jurisdiction in any place in which the salmon trout or char in respect whereof the proceedings are taken may be found, and any salmon trout or char which may be forfeited upon the conviction of an offender shall be disposed of as the court shall direct.

5. Nothing in this Act shall be deemed to take away or repeal any provision of any existing Act of Parliament, but the provisions of this Act shall be in addition to all such provisions.

6. In this Act, unless there is something inconsistent in the context, the expressions herein-after mentioned shall have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say;

(a.) " Package " shall mean and include any box, basket, barrel, case, receptacle, sack, bag, wrapper, or other thing in which fish is placed for the purpose of carriage, consignment, or exportation;

(h.) " Market authority " shall include any corporation or sanitary authority, or any body of trustees or undertakers having power to maintain or regulate any market; ..

1892.

Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1892. Ch. 50, 51.

861

(c.) " Fishmongers Company " shall mean the wardens and commonalty of the Mistery of Fishmongers of the city of London;

(d.) " Salmon trout and char " shall include part of any such fish respectively.

CHAPTER 51.

An Act to make provision in regard to the Distribution and Application of Sums from time to time paid to the Local luxation (Scotland) Account and in regard to the Fee Grant in Scotland.

[27th June 1892.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1* — (!) So much of section twenty-two of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889, as provides for the application of any balance of moneys standing to the credit of the Local Taxation (Scotland) Account towards relief from the payment of school fees in the State-aided schools in Scotland, is hereby repealed as from the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-two, without prejudice to any right accrued before that day, or to the distribution of the moneys referred to in the said section in so far as hereby unrepealed, and in lieu thereof it is enacted as follows:

After the financial year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-two, there shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament an annual grant towards relief from the payment of school fees in the State-aided schools in Scotland, of two hundred and sixty-five thousand pounds (or of such other amount as Parliament may determine, having regard to the amount of the fee grant under the Elementary Education Act, 1891), and that grant (in this Act called the fee grant in Scotland) shall be distributed in such manner and in accordance with such conditions as may be set forth in the Scotch Education Code annually submitted to Parliament.

(2.) For the purpose of section nineteen of the Elementary Education Act, 1876, the fee grant paid or payable to a school shall be deemed to be income derived from a source other than the parliamentary grant.

2. Whereas under the provisions of the immediately preceding section sums standing to the credit of the Local Taxation (Scotland) Account, and hitherto applicable as in such section mentioned, will be available for application to other purposes; be it enacted that until Parliament otherwise determines out of the said account sums

Repeal of 52 & 58 Vict. c. 50. s. 22 (in part).

Fee grant in Scotland.

Application of certain sums to the credit of the Local Taxation (Scotland) Account.

362

Ch. 51. Education and Local Taxation Account 55 & 56 Vict. (Scotland), 1892.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 55.

shall be applied annually by or under the direction of the Secretary for Scotland in manner following; (that is to say,)

(1.) In transferring to the Scotch Education Department a sum of sixty thousand pounds in aid of the cost of secondary education in Scotland, and in particular for the purposes following; (that is to say,)

(a.) Defraying the cost of the inspection of higher class schools in Scotland and of the holding of examinations for and granting the leaving certificates of the Scotch Education Department; and (6.) Making provision for secondary education, under Minutes of the Department submitted to Parliament, in urban and rural districts in Scotland, provided that no aid shall be given to any school not being either a school under the same management as a State-aided school or a higher class public school, or a school managed under the provisions of any Act of Parliament, or scheme, or provisional order issued pursuant to an Act of Parliament.

(2.) In distributing a sum of thirty thousand pounds among the Universities of Scotland in such manner and in accordance with such conditions as may be set forth in an Ordinance or Ordinances of the Commissioners under the Universities (Scotland) Act, 1889.

(3.) In distributing a sum of twenty-five thousand pounds among the parochial boards in Scotland as a further contribution to the cost of maintenance of pauper lunatics chargeable to such boards in the same manner and subject to the same regulations as nearly as may be as are applicable to the grant for the same purpose under section twenty-two of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889.

(4.) In distributing a sum of fifty thousand pounds among the parochial boards in Scotland in proportion to the valuations and populations of their respective parishes as such valuations and populations shall be ascertained by the Secretary for Scotland at the date of such distribution, the share falling to such parochial boards respectively to be applied to the relief of local rates levied by them respectively in such manner as they may determine.

(5.) In distributing a sum of one hundred thousand pounds (or such other sum as with the sums directed to be applied under the provisions of the preceding subsections of this section will be equal to the fee grant in Scotland payable under the provisions of the preceding section of this Act) among the county councils of counties and town councils acting as such or as police commissioners of burghs, and police commissioners of police burghs, in Scotland, in proportion to the respective valuations and populations of such counties and burghs and police burghs as such valuations and populations shall be ascertained by the Secretary for Scotland at the date of such distribution, the share falling to such councils and commissioners respectively to be applied —

(a.) to the relief of local rates levied by them, or

1892.

3G3

Education and Local Taxation Account Ch. 51, 52. (Scotland), 1892.

(6.) in aid of the expenses incurred, or to be incurred, under any statutory power from time to time vested in them respectively in such manner as they may determine, or (c.) under any scheme of public utility framed by them respectively, subject to the approval of the Secretary for Scotland.

(6.) The balance (if any) standing to the credit of the Local Taxation (Scotland) Account shall be applied as an addition to the fee grant in Scotland and be distributed accordingly.

Any moneys received by a county council or a town council or police commissioners under this section, and directed by resolution to be appropriated or to be set aside for any purpose authorised by this section other than the relief of the rates shall, although not expended or specifically contributed or allotted in whole or in part before the end of the financial year, remain applicable for such purposes.

3. Notwithstanding any provisions in any statute, scheme, provisional order, deed, or instrument, it shall be lawful for the governing body or managers, whether school board or other, of any school to which a grant is made under the provisions of section two, sub-section one, of this Act at any time and from time to time to alter or reduce the fees exigible therein, or to regulate the disposal or application of such fees: Provided, that any teacher of a higher class public school, appointed before the passing of this Act, having a vested right to fees exigible in such school, shall be entitled to receive from the school board compensation in respect of any loss sustained by him under the provisions of this section, and such compensation, failing agreement, may be determined finally by the sheriff, and shall be payable out of the school fund.

4. — (1.) This Act may be cited as the Education and Local Taxation Account (Scotland) Act, 1892.

(2.) This Act shall be construed as one with the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889.

CHAPTER 52.

An Act to authorise an Advance to the Government of the Province of British Columbia.

[27th June 1892.]

WHEREAS an arrangement has been made with the Government of the Province of British Columbia for the transfer to and settlement upon the sea coast and islands of that province of a number of families from the parishes in Scotland to which the Crofters' Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1886, by virtue of a determination under section nineteen of that Act, applies (in this Act referred to as " crofter parishes "), and with a view to carrying into effect the arrangement, it is expedient to authorise a temporary advance out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom to the said Government:

Allocation of fees and compensation to certain teachers for loss of fees.

Short title and construction.

364

Ch. 52.

British Columbia (Loan) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

[Short title.]

Advance of 150,000£ by Treasury to Government of British Columbia.

Conditions of advance.

And whereas by an Act of the Legislative Assembly of the said Province the Lieutenant-Governor in Council is authorised to accept the said loan, and to pledge the credit of the Province for the repayment thereof:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty* by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be, cited as the British Columbia (Loan) Act, 1892.

2. — (1.) In order to assist the Government of the Province of British Columbia to transfer to and settle upon the sea coast and islands of that Province families from the crofter parishes of Scotland, the Treasury may, before the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight advance to the said Government, on the security herein-after mentioned, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole one hundred and fifty thousand pounds, which shall be applied by the said Government for the purpose of effecting the said transfer and settlement on proper conditions.

(2.) The said Government shall repay every sum advanced by equal half-yearly instalments within thirty years from the date of its advance, and the first of such instalments shall be paid within five years from the date of the advance.

(3.) The said Government shall pay interest half-yearly at the rate of three per cent per annum on the amounts advanced for the time being and not repaid.

(4.) The Treasury may agree to add to an advance all or any part of the interest accruing thereon in each of the first five years, and the interest so added in each year shall be deemed thereafter to form part of the advance, but to be in addition to the maximum advance authorised by this Act.

3. — (1.) The said loan shall be advanced in instalments of not more than fifty thousand pounds each.

(2.) Before advancing the first instalment the Treasury shall be satisfied, by such evidence as they require, that suitable arrangements are made for the said purpose.

(3.) Before advancing any instalments after the first the Treasury shall be satisfied by such evidence as they require that the prior instalment or instalments have been duly expended for the said purpose, and that suitable arrangements have been made or are continued for the said purpose.

(4.) An advance in pursuance of this Act shall not be made until the Government of the Province of British Columbia has deposited in such manner as the Treasury require such number of the debentures herein-after mentioned as in nominal amount are equal to the amount of the advance, inclusive of any interest which is likely to be added to the advance.

(5.) The debentures shall be debentures of the said Government issued in pursuance of Act number sixty-one of 1892 passed by

1892.

British Columbia (Loan) Act, 1892. Ch. 52.

365

the Legislative Assembly of the said Province, or of an Act to be hereafter passed by the said Legislative Assembly, and shall bear interest at the rate of three per cent per annum, and have coupons attached for such interest for not less than thirty years:

Provided that the Treasury shall not dispose of any such debenture or coupon otherwise than by returning the same to the said Government until default is made in payment of any principal or interest for the time being due from that Government in respect of the advance.

(6.) If it appears to the Treasury that the purposes of this Act have been abandoned before the whole of an advance or any part thereof has been expended, they may require the Government of the Province to repay the amount not so expended, and that Government shall repay the same.

4. Every Act hereafter passed by the Legislature of the Province Law of the of British Columbia which in any way impairs the validity or priority Pr?vinc.e not of the charge upon the revenues of the Province of the principal talidity'of or interest of any advance made or debenture deposited in purcharge suauce of this Act shall, so far as it impairs such validity or priority, be void unless the previous consent of the Treasury has

been obtained.

5. — (1.) Every advance under this Act shall be charged on and Issue and issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or the 181n? of,

. ., - advances and

growing produce thereof. application of

(2.) For the purpose of borrowing the amount of the advance, 8uma rePai, L or money to repay to the Consolidated Fund the advance, or of paying off any money borrowed or security issued under this section, the Treasury may, if they think fit, issue exchequer bonds, or exchequer bills, or treasury bills, or otherwise borrow on the credit of the charge created by this Act on the Consolidated Fund, or do all of such things, and the sum arising from such issue or borrowing shall be paid into the Exchequer.

(3.) The principal and interest of all securities issued or sums borrowed under this section shall be charged upon and issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or out of the growing produce thereof.

(4.) Every exchequer bond issued in pursuance of this Act shall be for a sum of not less than one hundred pounds, and shall provide for the paying off of such bond at par at any period not exceeding five years nor less than twelve months from the date of such bond.

(5.) All sums paid by the Government of the Province in respect of the principal of or interest on any advance under this Act, and all sums arising from the disposal of any debentures deposited in pursuance of this Act or of the coupons thereof shall be paid into the Exchequer.

6. Section fifteen of the Exchequer Bills and Bonds Act, 1866 Extension of (which section relates to the forgery of exchequer bills), shall to bonds apply to all exchequer bonds issued in pursuance of this Act in like

366

Count of advances.

Extent and application of Act.

Limitations on expenditure for purposes of Act.

Proceedings for adoption of Act.

Ca. 52, 53. British Columbia (Loan) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

manner as if it were herein enacted with the substitution of exchequer bond for exchequer bill.

7. An account of all sums issued out of the Consolidated Fund in pursuance of this Act, and of all sums paid by the Government of the Province of British Columbia in respect of the interest or principal of any advance in pursuance of this Act, shall be annually laid before Parliament in such form as the Treasury direct, so long as any such advance remains outstanding.

CHAPTER 53.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Law relating to Public Libraries.

[27th June 1892.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Adoption of Act and Constitution of Library Authority.

1. — (1.) This Act shall extend to every library district for which it is adopted.

(2.) For the purposes of this Act and subject to the provisions thereof every urban district and every parish in England and Wales which is not within an urban district shall be a library district.

(3.) This Act shall have effect as regards any parish which is partly within and partly without an urban district as if the part which is without the district were a separate parish, and the overseers for the parish shall he deemed for the purposes of this Act to be the overseers for that part.

2. — (1.) A rate or addition to a rate shall not be levied for the purposes of this Act for any one financial year in any library district to an amount exceeding one penny in the pound.

<2.) This Act may be adopted for any library district subject to a condition that the maximum rate or addition to a rate to be levied for the purposes of this Act in the district or in any defined portion of the district in any one financial year shall not exceed one halfpenny or shall not exceed three farthings in the pound, but such limitation if fixed at one halfpenny may be subsequently raised to three farthings, or altogether removed, or where it is for the time being fixed at three farthings may be removed.

3. With respect to —

(a) the adoption of this Act for any library district; and

(b) the fixing, raising, and removing of any limitation on the maximum rate to be levied for the purposes of this Act; and

1892.

Public Libraries, 1892. Ch. 53.

367

(c) the ascertaining of the opinion of the voters with respect to any matter for which their consent is required under this Act; the following provisions shall have effect; that is to say,

(1.) Any ten or more voters in the library district may address a requisition in writing to the authority hereafter in this section mentioned requiring that authority to ascertain the opinion of the voters in the district with respect to the question or questions stated in the requisition: Provided that where the library district is a municipal borough the requisition may be made by the council of the borough:

(2.) On receipt of the requisition the said authority shall proceed to ascertain by means of voting papers the opinion of the voters with respect to the said question or questions; but the said authority shall not ascertain the opinion of the voters on any question with respect to the limitation of the rate unless required to do so by the requisition, or with respect to any limitation of the rate other than the limitations specified in this Act:

(3.) The procedure for ascertaining the opinion of the voters shall be in accordance with the regulations contained in the First Schedule to this Act; and those regulations shall have effect as if they were enacted in the body of this Act:

(4.) Every question so submitted to the voters shall be decided by the majority of answers to that question recorded on the valid voting papers, and where the majority of those answers are in favour of the adoption of this Act the same shall forthwith, on the result of the poll being made public, be deemed to be adopted:

(5.) Where the opinion of the voters in any library district is ascertained upon the question as to the adoption of this Act, or upon a question as to the limitation of the rate, no further proceeding shall be taken for ascertaining the opinion of the voters until the expiration of one year at least from the day when the opinion of the voters was last ascertained, that is to say, the day on which the voting papers were collected:

(6.) The authority to ascertain the opinion of the voters for the purposes of this section shall be in a municipal borough the mayor, and in any other urban district the chairman of the urban authority, and in a parish the overseers.

4. This Act when adopted for any library district shall be Act when

carried into execution, if the library district is an urban district, *

by the urban authority, and, if it is a parish, by the commis- fibrar/ y sioners appointed under this Act; and any such authority or authority, commissioners executing this Act are herein-after referred to as a

" library authority."

5. — (1.) Where this Act is adopted for any parish the vestry Constitution of shall forthwith appoint not less than three nor more than nine

voters in the parish to be commissioners for carrying this Act into Act in parish, execution.

(2.) The commissioners shall be a body corporate by the name of " The Commissioners for Public Libraries and Museums for

368

Ch. 53.

Public Libraries Act, 1892.

55 & 56 Vict.

Rotation of commissioners.

Meetings of commissioners.

Proceedings of commissioners to be recorded.

Power to vestries of neighbouring parishes to combine.

the parish of, in the county of and

shall have perpetual succession and a common seal, with power to acquire and hold lands for the purposes of this Act, without any licence in mortmain.

6. — (1.) The Commissioners shall, as soon as conveniently may be after their appointment, divide themselves by agreement, or in default of agreement by ballot, into three classes, one third or as nearly as may be one third of them being in each class.

(2.) The offices of the first class shall be vacated at the expiration of one year, the offices of the second class at the expiration of two years, and the offices of the third class at the expiration of three years from the time of their appointment.

(3.) The offices of vacating commissioners shall be filled by an equal number of new commissioners to be appointed by the vestry from among the voters in the parish; and every newly elected commissioner shall hold his office for the term of three years from the date when the office became vacant, and no longer, unless re-elected; but a person, on ceasing to be a commissioner, shall, unless disqualified, be re-eligible.

(4.) Any casual vacancy among the commissioners, whether arising by death, resignation, incapacity, or otherwise, shall as soon as may be after the occurrence thereof be filled up by the vestry; but the term of office of a commissioner appointed to fill up a casual vacancy shall expire at the date at which the term of office of the commissioner in whose place he is appointed would have expired.

7. The commissioners shall meet at least once in every month, and at such other times as they think fit, at some convenient place; and any one commissioner may summon a special meeting by giving three clear days notice in writing to each commissioner, specifying therein the purpose for which the meeting is called. Business shall not be transacted at any meeting of the commissioners unless at least two of them are present.

8. All orders and proceedings of the commissioners shall be entered in books to be kept for that purpose, and shall be signed by the commissioners or any two of them; and all such orders and proceedings so entered, and purporting to be so signed, shall be deemed to be original orders and proceedings, and such books may be produced and read as evidence of all such orders and proceedings upon any judicial proceeding.

9. — (1.) Where this Act is adopted for any two or more neighbouring parishes, the vestries of those parishes may by agreement combine for any period in carrying this Act into execution, and the expenses of carrying this Act into execution shall be defrayed by the parishes in such proportions as may be agreed on by the vestries.

(2.) The vestry of each of the said parishes shall appoint not more than six commissioners in accordance with the provisions of this Act, and the commissioners so appointed for the several parishes shall form one body of commissioners, and shall act accordingly in the execution of this Act.

1892.

Public Libraries, 1892. Ch. 53.

369.

10. Where the voters in a parish adjoining or near any library district for which either this Act has been adopted, or the adoption thereof is contemplated, consent to such parish being annexed to the said district, such parish, subject to the consent of the library authority of the said district being also given, shall be annexed to and form part of that district for the purposes of this Act; the vestry of such parish shall appoint not more than six commissioners in accordance with the provisions of this Act, and the commissioners so from time to time appointed shall during their respective terms of office be deemed for all the purposes of this Act to be members of the library authority of the said district.

Execution of Act.

11. — (1.) The library authority of any library district for which this Act has been adopted may, subject to the provisions of this Act, provide all or any of the following institutions, namely, public libraries, public museums, schools for science, art galleries, and schools for art, and for that purpose may purchase and hire land, and erect, take down, rebuild, alter, repair, and extend buildings, and fit up, furnish, and supply the same with all requisite furniture, fittings, and conveniences.

(2.) Where any of the institutions mentioned in this section has been established either before or after the passing of this Act by any library authority under this Act or the Acts hereby repealed, that authority may establish in connexion therewith any other of the said institutions without further proceedings being taken with respect to the adoption of this Act.

(3.) No charge shall be made for admission to a library or museum provided under this Act for any library district, or, in the case of a lending library, for the use thereof by the inhabitants of the district; but the library authority, if they think fit, may grant the use of a lending library to persons not being inhabitants of the district, either gratuitously or for payment.

12. — (1.) For the purpose of the purchase of land under this Act by a library authority the Lands Clauses Acts, with the exception of the provisions relating to the purchase of land otherwise than by agreement, shall be incorporated with this Act.

(2.) The library authority of any library district which is an urban district may with the sanction of the Local Government Board appropriate for the purposes of this Act any land which is vested in that authority.

(3.) A library authority may with the sanction of the Local Government Board sell any land vested in them for the purposes of this Act, or exchange any such land for other land better adapted for those purposes, and the money arising from the sale or received by way of equality of exchange shall be applied in or towards the purchase of other land better adapted for the said purposes, or may be applied for any purpose for which capital money may be applied, and which is approved by the Local Government Board.

(4.) A library authority may let a house or building, or any part thereof, or any land vested in them for the purposes of the Act,

A a

Power to annex parish to adjoining district.

Provision of libraries, museums, and schools of science and art.

Provision as to acquisition and disposal of land.

370

Ch. 53.

Public Libraries Act, 1892.

55 & 56 Vicnv

which is not at the time of such letting required for those purposes, and shall apply the rents and profits thereof for the purposes of this Act.

dterh ^and^1 18. — (1.) Any person holding land for ecclesiastical, parochial,

for purposes of or charitable purposes may, subject as herein-after provided, grant, thiB Act. or convey, by way of gift, sale, or exchange, for any of the purposes of this Act any quantity of such land, not exceeding in any one case one acre, in any manner vested in such person.

(2.) Provided that —

(a) ecclesiastical property shall not be granted or conveyed for those purposes without the consent of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners; and

(b)parochial property shall not be so granted or conveyed save by the board of guardians of the poor law union comprising the parish to which the property belongs, or without the consent of the Local Government Board; and (c)other charitable property shall not be so granted or conveyed without the consent of the Charity Commissioners; and

(d) the land taken in exchange or the money received for such sale shall be held on the same trusts as the land exchanged or sold; and

(e) land situated in the administrative county of London, or in any urban district containing according to the last published census for the time being over twenty thousand inhabitants, which is held on trusts to be preserved as an open space, or on trusts which prohibit building thereon, shall not be granted or conveyed for the purposes of this Act.

(3.) Any land granted or conveyed to any library authority under this section may be held by that authority without any licence in mortmain.

Vesting of 14. All land appropriated, purchased, or rented, and all other Hbrary1 m real and personal property presented to or purchased or acquired

authority. for any library, museum, art gallery, or school under this Act shall be vested in the library authority.

Management 15. — (1.) The general management, regulation, and control of

oflj!)brane8*&c' every library, museum, art gallery, and school provided under this authority or Act shall be vested in and exercised by the library authority, and

committee. that authority may provide therein books, newspapers, maps, and

specimens of art and science, and cause the same to be bound and repaired when necessary.

(2.) The library authority may also appoint salaried officers and servants, and dismiss them, and make regulations for the safety and use of every library, museum, gallery, and school under their control, and for the admission of the public thereto.

(3.) Provided that a library authority being an urban authority may if they think fit appoint a committee and delegate to it all or any of their powers and duties under this section, and the said committee shall to the extent of such delegation be deemed to be the library authority. Persons appointed to be members of the committee need not be members of the urban authority.

Power to 16. — (1.) The commissioners separately appointed for any

authontie* to ^w0 or more pashes for which this Act has been adopted

1892.

Public Libraries 1892. Ch. 53.

371

may with the consent of the voters in each of those parishes agree make ^ree" to share in such proportions and for such period as may be deter- ^nSary. mined by the agreement the cost of the purchase, erection, repair, and maintenance of any library building situate in one of those parishes, and also the cost of the purchase of books and newspapers for such library, and all other expenses connected with the same.

(2.) The library authority of any library district may with the consent of the voters in the district and of the Charity Commissioners make the like agreement with the governing body of any library established or maintained out of funds subject to the jurisdiction of the Charity Commissioners, and situate in or near the library district, and, in case of inability, objection, or failure on the part of the governing body to enter into such agreement, the Charity Commissioners may, if they think fit, become party to the agreement on behalf of the governing body.

(3.) This section shall apply, with the necessary modifications, to a museum, school for science, art gallery, or school for art in like manner as to a library.

17. Where a library authority accepts a grant out of money Power to provided by Parliament from the Department of Science and Art to

towards the purchase of the site, or the erection, enlargement, ^ceptVar^ or repair, of any school for science and art, or school for science, liamentary or school for art, or of the residence of a teacher in any such school, grant‘ or towards the furnishing of any such school, that authority may accept the grant upon the conditions prescribed by the Department of Science and Art, and may execute any instruments required by that Department for carrying into effect those conditions, and upon payment of the grant shall be bound by such conditions and instruments, and have power and be bound to fulfil and observe the same.

Financial Provisions.

18. — (1.) The expenses incurred in a library district in and Expenses of incidental to the execution of this Act, including all expenses in j^£^utho' connexion with ascertaining the opinion of the voters in the defrayed, district, may be defrayed, —

(a) where the library district is a municipal borough, out of the borough fund or borough rate, or a separate rate to be made, assessed, and levied in like manner as the borough rate; and

(b) where the library district is an urban district other than a borough, out of the rate applicable to the general expenses incurred in the execution of the Public Health Acts, or a separate rate to be made, assessed, and levied in like manner as the rate so applicable; and

(c) where the library district is a parish, out of a rate to be raised with and as part of the poor rate, subject, however, to this qualification, that every person assessed to the poor rate in the said parish in respect of lands used as arable, meadow, or pasture ground only, or as woodlands or market gardens, or nursery grounds, shall be entitled to an allowance of two

372

Ch. 53.

Public Libraries Act, 1892.

55 & 56 Vict.

Borrowing by

library

authority.

38 & 89 Vict. c. 55.

38 & 39 Vict c. 89.

Accounts and audit.

thirds of the sum assessed upon him in respect of those lands for the purposes of this Act.

(2.) Where the library district is a parish, and is not combined with any other parish for the execution of this Act, then —

(i.) such amount only shall be raised out of a rate for the purposes of this Act as is from time to time sanctioned by the vestry of the parish; and (ii.) the vestiy to be called for the purpose of sanctioning the amount shall be convened in the manner usual in the parish; and

(iii.) the amount for the time being proposed to be raised for the purposes of this Act shall be expressed in the notice convening the vestry, and (if sanctioned) shall be paid according to the order of the vestry to such person as may be appointed by the library authority to receive it; and (iv.) in the notices requiring the payment of the rate there shall be stated the proportion which the amount to be thereby raised for the purposes of this Act bears to the total amount of the rate.

(3.) Where a parish or a part of a parish is annexed in pursuance of this Act to any library district, so much of the said expenses as is chargeable to such parish or part shall be defrayed in like manner as if such parish or part were a separate library district, but the sanction of the vestry shall not be required for raising the sums from time to time due from the parish for meeting those expenses.

19. — (1.) Every library authority, with the sanction of the Local Government Board, and in the case of a library authority being commissioners appointed for a parish, with the sanction also of the vestry of such parish, may borrow money for the purposes of this Act on the security of any fund or rate applicable for those purposes.

(2.) Sections two hundred and thirty-three, two hundred and thirty-four, and two hundred and thirty-six to two hundred and thirty-nine, both inclusive, of the Public Health Act, 1875, relating to borrowing by a local authority shall apply, with the necessary modifications, to all money borrowed by any library authority for the purposes of this Act, as if the library authority were an urban authority, and as if references to this Act were substituted in those sections and in the forms therein mentioned for references to the Public Health Act, 1875.

(3.) The Public Works Loan Commissioners may in manner provided by the Public Works Loans Act, 1875, lend any money which may be borrowed by a library authority for the purposes of this Act.

20. — (1.) Separate accounts shall be kept of the receipts and expenditure under this Act of every library authority and their officers, and those accounts shall be audited in like manner and with the like incidents and consequences, in the case of a library authority being an urban authority, and of their officers, as the accounts of the receipts and expenditure of that authority and their officers under the Public Health Acta.

1892.

Public Libraries 1, 1892. Ch. 53.

373

(2.) The accounts of the receipts and expenditure of a library authority being commissioners appointed under this Act, and of their officers, shall be audited yearly by a district auditor in like manner and with the like incidents and consequences as in the case of an audit under the Acts relating to the relief of the poor, and those commissioners shall be a local authority within the meaning of the District Auditors Act, 1879.

(3.) The accounts of the receipts and expenditure under this Act 42 & 43 Vict. of any library authority other than the council of a municipal c> 6-borough shall be open at all reasonable times to the inspection, free of charge, of any ratepayer in the library district, and any such ratepayer may without charge make copies of and extracts from those accounts; and if any library authority or any person being a member thereof or employed by them and having the custody of the accounts fails to allow the accounts to be inspected, or copies or extracts to be made, as required by this section, such authority or person shall for each offence be liable on summary conviction in manner provided by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

Provisions affecting London only.

21. — (1.) The city of London shall be a library district, and on Application this Act being adopted for the city, the common council shall be London^ the library authority.

(2.) The opinion of the voters in the city of London with respect to any question under this Act shall be ascertained by the mayor on the requisition of the common council.

(3.) The expenses incurred in the city of London in and incidental to the execution of this Act, including all expenses in connexion with ascertaining the opinion of the voters, shall be defrayed out of the consolidated rate levied by the commissioners of sewers, or a separate rate to be made, assessed, and levied by those commissioners in like manner as the consolidated rate.

(4.) So much of this Act ns limits the rate or addition to a rate to be levied in any library district for any one financial year to one penny in the pound shall not extend to the city of London.

22. Every district mentioned in Schedule B. to the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, as amended by any subsequent Acts, shall be a library district, and the provisions of this Act shall apply accordingly with the following modifications:—

(1.) The opinion of the voters in any such district with respect to any question under this Act shall be ascertained by the district board on the requisition in writing of any ten or more of such voters:

(2.) The library authority for such district shall be commissioners appointed by the district board, and the provisions of this Act relating to commissioners appointed for a parish shall apply with the substitution of " district " for " parish " and of " district board " for " vestry ":

(3.) The expenses incurred in any such district in and incidental to the execution of this Act, including all expenses in connexion

Power for district in London to adopt Act.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 120.

r

374

Ch. 53.

Public Libraries Act, 1892.

55 & 56 Tier-

Power to vestry or district board in London to appropriate land for library, &c.

Adjustment of interests on termination of agreement.

with ascertaining the opinion of the voters, shall to such amount as is sanctioned by the district board be defrayed by that board in like manner as if they had been incurred for the general purposes of the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, and the sums from time to time required for defraying those expenses, to the extent so sanctioned, shall be paid by the district board to any person appointed by the commissioners to receive the same; but nothing in this enactment shall enable a district board to levy for the purposes of this Act any greater sum in any financial year than the amount produced by a rate of one penny in the pound, or any less rate specially fixed for the purpose of this Act in the district:

(4.) The enactments authorising two or more neighbouring parishes to combine in carrying this Act into execution shall have effect as if any such district were included in the term " parish " and the district board of such district in the term " vestry ":

(5.) Where a parish in any such district has adopted the Acts hereby repealed or any of them, or hereafter adopts this Act, it shall be treated in all respects for the purposes of this Act as if it were outside the district, and, in particular, —

(a) a person shall not, by reason of being a voter in the parish, be accounted for the purposes of this section as a voter in the district; and

(b) a representative of the parish on the district board shall not take part in any proceeding of the board under this section; and

(c) the parish shall not be called on to contribute to the payment of any expenses incurred in pursuance of this section; and

(d) any question of accounts arising between the parish and the other parishes in the district, or between the parish and the district, in consequence of this section, shall be decided finally by the Local Government Board:

(6.) After the adoption of this Act for any such district, proceedings shall not, except with the sanction of the Local Government Board, be taken for the separate adoption thereof for any parish in the district.

23. The vestry or district board constituted under the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, for any parish mentioned in Schedule A or district mentioned in Schedule B. to that Act, as amended by any subsequent Acts, may, if this Act is in force in such parish or district, appropriate with the sanction of the Local Government Board for the purposes of this Act any land which is vested in such vestry or board.

Supplemental Provisions.

24. Any agreement under this Act between two or more vestries or library authorities, or between a library authority and any other body, may provide that on the termination of the agreement an adjustment shall be made of the interests of the several parties thereto in any property to the provision of which they have

1892 *

I vMic Libraries Act, 1892. Ch. 53.

375

contributed, and as to the mode in which the adjustment shall be arrived at, and in the event of any dispute the adjustment shall on the application of any of the parties be made by an arbitrator appointed by the Local Government Board.

25. Nothing in this Act shall interfere with the operation of the Saving for Act of the session of the twenty-eighth and twenty-ninth years of 0xfonL the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter one hundred and eight,

so far as it relates to the collection of a rate for a public library in Oxford.

26. For the purposes of this Act the vestry of a parish shall Constitution be any body of persons acting by virtue of any Act of Parliament

as or instead of a vestry, and, where there is no such body, shall fofpnrpcwt* be the inhabitants of the parish in vestry assembled, but in the of Act. latter case the persons registered as county electors in respect of the occupation of property situate in the parish, and no other persons, shall be members of the vestry.

27. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, — Definitions, the expression "urban district" means a municipal borough,

Improvement Act district, or local government district; and " urban authority " means, as regards each such district, the council, improvement commissioners, or local board:the expression "financial year" means the period of twelve months for which the accounts of a library authority are made up:

the expression "voter" means a person who is registered as a county elector or enrolled as a burgess in respect of the occupation of property situate in the district or parish in connexion with which the voter is mentioned:the expression "overseers " includes any persons authorised and required to make and levy poor rates in a parish, and acting instead of overseers: the expression "common council" means in relation to the city of London the mayor, commonalty, and citizens, acting by the mayor, aldermen, and commons in common council assembled.

28. — (1.) The Acts mentioned in the Second Schedule to this Repeal. Act shall be repealed as from the commencement of this Act, save

so far as any of them extend beyond England and Wales; and where those Acts have been adopted for any library district, that adoption shall be deemed to have been an adoption of this Act, and this Act shall apply accordingly.

(2.) For the purpose of this section the said Acts shall be deemed to have been adopted for any district in which they were in force immediately before the commencement of this Act.

29. Nothing in this Act shall be deemed to limit, or to reduce Saving as to or alter the limit of any rate which any library authority is autho- local Acto* rised to levy under or by virtue of any local Act.

30. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of Commence-

October next after the passing thereof. ment *

31. This Act may be cited as the Public Libraries Act, 1892. 8bort title-

376

Ch. 53.

Public Libraries Act, 1892.

55 & 56 Vict.

Section 8.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE

Regulations for ascertaining the opinion of the voters in a library

district.

In these regulations the expression "presiding officer " means, in relation to any library district, the authority required under this Act to ascertain the opinion of the voters in that district on any question, or a person appointed by that authority, and that authority is referred to in these regulations as the " district authority."

Part I. — Pbocbdube by Voting Papkes.

1. The district authority shall, before the day appointed for the issuing of the voting papers, provide the presiding officer with a copy of the burgess roll or county register, as the case may be, or of the part or parts thereof containing the names of all the voters in the library district.

2. On the day appointed for issuing the voting papers the presiding officer shall send by post or cause to be delivered to every voter at his-address appearing in the roll or register a voting paper in the form contained in Part II. of this schedule or to the like effect.

3. Every voting paper shall bear the number of the voter on the roll or register, as the case may be, and shall contain directions to the voter, in accordance with these regulations, as to the day on which and the hours-within which the voting paper is to be collected or sent, and as to the place-at which, if sent, it will be received.

4. The district authority shall, before the issue of the voting papers, appoint such a number of competent persons as may be necessary to* collect and receive the voting papers and to assist in the scrutiny thereof on such terms and for such remuneration as may be reasonable, and shall also appoint a convenient place within the district at which the voting-papers are to be received, but the district authority shall not be required to collect any voting papers which have been sent by them to addresses beyond the limits of the district.

5. Voting papers shall be collected between 8 a.m. and 8 p.m. of the third day alter that on which they were issued. Such day is herein-after in these regulations referred to as the polling day, and such last-mentioned hour is herein-after referred to as the " conclusion of the poll."

6. A voting paper shall not after collection be delivered up to any person except the presiding officer or a person appointed to receive voting papers.

7. The persons appointed to collect the voting papers shall, either before or as soon as may be after the conclusion of the poll, deliver the voting papers collected by them to the presiding officer or to a person appointed to receive the same.

8. A voting paper may be sent by prepaid post or by hand to the presiding officer at the place appointed by the district authority for the receipt thereof, so that it be received by the presiding officer at such-appointed place before the conclusion of the poll. Voting papers, except those collected by persons appointed by the district authority, shall not be received at the appointed place after the conclusion of the poll.

9. Every person appointed to collect voting papers shall be appointed in writing by the district authority, and shall carry such writing with him while employed in the collection, and shall show it to any voter who may require him to do so. If any person so appointed fails to comply with this regulation, or if any unauthorised person fraudulently receives or induces any voter to part with a voting paper, such person shall be guilty of a

1892.

PMic Libraries, 1892. Ch. 53.

377

misdemeanor, and liable, on conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months, or to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or to both imprisonment and fine.

10. A voting paper which contains the answer yes " or no " to any question put to the voters and is duly signed shall be deemed to be a valid voting paper with respect to that question.

A voting paper shall be deemed to be duly signed if signed by the voter with his full name or ordinary signature.

11. Where any voter is unable to write he may cause his voting paper to be filled up by another person. In such case he shall attach his mark to the voting paper, and such mark shall be attested by such other person, who shall sign his name and append his address thereto. A voting paper to which such mark is attached, and which is duly attested, shall be deemed to be duly signed.

12. Any person fabricating a voting paper, or presenting or returning a fabricated voting paper, knowing that the same does not bear the true answer or signature of the voter to whom it was sent or intended to be sent, shall be guilty of personation, and liable to the penalties of that offence, as provided by the Ballot Act, 1872.

13. The presiding officer shall, as soon as may be after the conclusion of 35 & 86 Vict. the poll, proceed to a scrutiny of the voting papers, and shall compare the c. 83.

same with his copy of the roll or register, and ascertain how far the voting papers have been duly signed by the voters.

14. A question put to the voters shall be deemed to be answered and determined in the affirmative or negative, according as the majority of valid voting papers returned contain the answer " yes " or " no " to that question.

15. Immediately on the conclusion of the scrutiny the presiding officer shall report to the district authority the number of voters who have voted yes " and no " respectively to each question put to them, and the number of voting papers which are invalid.

16. The presiding officer shall seal up in separate packets the valid and the invalid voting papers respectively, and shall transmit them, together with his report, to the district authority.

17. Upon receiving the report of the presiding officer the district authority shall cause the result of the poll to be made public in such manner as they think fit.

Part II. — Form of Voting Paper.

Public Libraries, 1892.

Borough (Parish or other Library District) of

No. (Here insert number of voter in burgess roll or county

register, as the case may be.)

Question 1

Question 2

Are you in favour of the adoption

of the Publio Libraries Act, 1892, for the borough (or parish, &c.) of

- Are you in favour of the rate being limited to one halfpenny in the pound P (Or to three farthings, or of the existing limitation of the rate under the PublicLibraries Act, 1892, being removed, or of the existing limitation to one halfpenny being raised to three farthings, as the case may require.)

Answer 1. (To be filled [To be omitted " Yes " or44 No.") if Libraries Act already adopted.}

Answer 2. (To be filled [To be omitted in44 Yes " or44 No.") if no question stated in the requisition as to limitation of rate.}

378

Ch. 53, 54.

PvbUc Libraries Act, 1892.

55 & 56 VICT.

[To be omitted Question 3 if no such question raised.]

Are yon in favour of an agree- Answer 3. (Tobe fitted ment being made with (hYes" or'* No.")

designate the body or bodies, according to section ten or section sixteen of this Act) for the purpose of (Jbriefly state objects of proposed agreement).

Signature of Voter.

Note. 1. This voting paper will be collected by an authorised collector between the hours of 8 a.ra. and 8 p.m. on day, the 18

(insert polling day), or may be sent by prepaid post or by hand, addressed to (state name or designation of presiding officer, and place appointed by the district authority). If it is sent it must be received at that address before 8 p.m. on the above-mentioned day.

2. You may require the collector to show his authority in writing. No authority is valid unless it is (signed by A.B., or sealed, or as the district authority may direct).

Section 28. SECOND SCHEDULE.

Acts Repealed.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 70. The Public Libraries Act, 1855.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 114. - The Public Libraries Amendment Act (England and Scotland), 1866.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 71. - The Public Libraries Act, 1855, Amendment Act, 1871.

47 & 48 Vict. c. 37. - The Public Libraries Act, 1884.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 22. - The Publio Libraries Acts Amendment Act, 1887.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 9. - The Public Libraries Acte Amendment Act, 1889.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 68. - The Public Libraries Acts Amendment Act, 1890.

[Short title.]

CHAPTER 54.

An Act to facilitate the provision of Allotments for the Labouring Classes in Scotland.

[28th June 1892.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Allotments (Scotland) Act, 1892.

1892.

Allotments (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 54.

379

2. — (1.) On a representation in writing to the local authority of Duty of local any burgh or county by any six registered parliamentary electors

or ratepayers resident, in the case of a burgh, in that bureh, and, for allotments, in the case of a county, in some parish in that county, that the circumstances of the burgh or parish are such that it is the duty of the local authority to take proceedings under this Act therein, the local authority shall take such representation into consideration.

If the local authority of any burgh or county are of opinion, either after inquiry made in consequence of such representation or otherwise, that there is a demand for allotments for the labouring population in such burgh, or in any parish in such county, and that such allotments cannot be obtained at a reasonable rent and on reasonable conditions by voluntary arrangement between the owners of land suitable for such allotments and the applicants for the ?ame, the local authority, subject to the provisions of this Act, shall by purchase or leasing acquire any suitable land which may be available, whether within or without the said burgh or the said parish, adequate to provide a sufficient number of allotments, and shall let such land in allotments to persons belonging to the labouring population resident in the said burgh or parish and desiring to take the same.

(2.) A local authority shall not under this Act acquire land for allotments save at such price or rent that in the opinion of the local authority all expenses, except such expenses as are incurred in making roads to be used by the public, incurred by the local authority in acquiring the land and otherwise in relation to the allotments may reasonably be expected to be recouped out of the rents obtained in respect thereof.

For the purpose of this section, the expression "reasonable rent," means the rent, exclusive of rates and taxes, which a person taking an allotment might reasonably be expected to pay, taking one year with another, to a landlord, having regard to the value of similar land in the neighbourhood, to the extent and situation of the allotment, to the expenses of adapting the land to the purposes of the allotment, and to the repairs and other outgoings payable by the landlord, and to the cost and risk of collecting the rents of, and otherwise managing, allotments.

3. — (1.) For the purposes of the purchase of land by agreement AcquUition of by a local authority for allotments, the Lands Clauses Acts shall land for pur-be incorporated with this Act, except the provisions with respect to poses 0 ct the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement, and

with respect to the provision to be made for affording access to the special Act.

(2.) If a local authority are unable by leasing or purchase by agreement to acquire suitable land sufficient for allotments under this Act for any burgh or parish at a reasonable price or rent and subject to reasonable conditions, such authority may, subject to the provisions of this Act, make a provisional order putting in force, as respects the land mentioned in the order, the provisions of the Lands Clauses Acts with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement.

380

Ch. 54. Allotments (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

(3.) Before making any such provisional order the local authority shall —

(a) Publish once at the least in each of three consecutive weeks in the month of November in some newspaper circulating in the locality an advertisement describing shortly the land proposed to be taken and naming a place where a plan of the land may be seen at all reasonable hours and stating the quantity of land proposed to be taken; and shall further in the month of December:

(b) After such publication serve a notice in manner herein-after mentioned on every owner or reputed owner, lessee or reputed lessee and occupier of such land defining in each case the particular land intended to be taken, and requiring an answer stating whether the person so served assents, dissents, or is neuter in respect of taking such land:

(c) Such notice shall be served by delivery of the same personally to the person required to be served or, if such person is absent abroad, to his agent, or by leaving the same at the usual or last known place of abode of such person as aforesaid, or by forwarding the same by post in a registered letter addressed to the usual or last known place of abode of such person:

(d) After the publication and service in this section mentioned the local authority may, by a majority of the full number of its members at a meeting called with special notice, resolve to make and may make an order putting in force, with reference to the land referred to in such order, the powers of the Lands Clauses Acts with respect to the purchasing and taking of land otherwise than by agreement, or any of them, and either absolutely or with such conditions and modifications as they may think fit, and it shall be the duty of the local authority, within one month after the date of the order, to serve a copy of any order so made in the manner and upon the persons in which and upon whom notices in respect of the land to which the order relates are required by this Act to be served:

(e) No order so made shall be of any validity unless the same has been confirmed by Act of Parliament; and it shall be lawful for the Secretary for Scotland, on the application of any local authority, to introduce into Parliament a Bill confirming any provisional order made under this Act by such local authority, and the local authority shall be considered as the promoters of the order:

(f) Before introducing any such Bill into Parliament the Secretary for Scotland shall consider any objections to the provisional order which may be lodged with him within one month after the date of the service of the order as in this section mentioned by any person affected thereby, and may, if he thinks fit, direct the sheriff to hold a local inquiry and to report to him with respect to such objections:

(g) The Secretary for Scotland, in case he shall refuse to introduce such Bill into Parliament, may make such order as he shall think fit in regard to the costs, charges and expenses

1892.

Allot7nent8 (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 54.

381

connected with any inquiry as aforesaid, including the costs, charges and expenses of any party opposing the order; and such costs, charges and expenses shall be payable by the local authority out of such assessment as the Secretary for Scotland may determine.

(4.) In construing for the purposes of this section any section or Acts incorporated with or put in force under this section, this Act, together with any Act confirming a provisional order under this section, shall be deemed to be the special Act, and the word "land " shall have the same meaning as in this Act.

Provided that —

(a.) Any question of disputed compensation shall be referred to the arbitration of a sole arbiter appointed by the parties, or if the parties do not concur in the appointment of a sole arbiter, then, on the application of either of them, by the Secretary for Scotland, and the remuneration to be paid to the arbiter appointed by the Secretary for Scotland shall be fixed by the said Secretary:

(6.) If an arbiter appointed for the purposes of this Act dies or becomes incapable to act before he has made his award, or fails to make his award within two months after he is appointed, his appointment shall determine, and the determination of the compensation shall be referred to another arbiter appointed in like manner as if no arbiter had been previously appointed: Provided always, that the same arbiter may be re-appointed:

(c.) An arbiter appointed under this section shall be deemed to be an arbiter within the meaning of the Lands Clauses Acts and the provisions of those Acts with respect to an arbitration shall apply accordingly; and, further, the arbiter, notwithstanding anything in the said Acts, shall determine the amount of the expenses and shall have power to disallow as expenses in the arbitration the expenses of any witness whom he considers to have been called unnecessarily, and any other expenses which he considers to have been incurred unnecessarily.

(5.) Where land is purchased by a local authority under this Act otherwise than by agreement, the following provisions shall apply:

(a.) The local authority shall not make a provisional order for purchasing any park, garden, pleasure-ground, or other land required for the amenity or convenience of any dwelling-house, or any land the property of a railway or canal company which is or may be required for the purposes of their undertaking:

(b.) The local authority shall, in making a provisional order for purchasing land, have regard to the extent of land held in the neighbourhood by any owner and to the convenience of other property belonging to the same owner, and shall so far as is practicable avoid taking an undue or inconvenient quantity of land from any one owner.

(6.) For the purpose of the letting of land by a local authority for allotments, any person or body of persons or body corporate

382

Ch. 54.

Allotments (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Costs to be awarded in certain cases.

2d & 29 Vict. c. 27.

Improvement and adaptation of land for allotments.

Management of allotments.-

authorised to sell land to the local authority for the purposes of this Act may, without prejudice to any other power of leasing, lease land to the local authority, for a term not exceeding thirty-five years.

(7.) The local authority shall not make a provisional order for purchasing any right to coal or metalliferous ore.

4. Where any Bill for confirming a provisional order made under this Act is referred to a committee of either House of Parliament upon the petition of any person opposing such Bill, the committee shall take into consideration the circumstances under which such opposition is made to the Bill, and whether such opposition was or was not justified by the circumstances, and shall award costs accordingly to be paid by the promoters or the opponents of the Bill, as the committee may think just

Any costs under this section may be taxed and recovered in the manner in which costs may be taxed and recovered under the twenty-eighth and twenty-ninth Victoria, chapter twenty-seven.

The decision of the majority of the members of the committee for the time being present and voting on any question under this section shall be deemed to be the decision of the committee.

5. The local authority may improve any land acquired by them under this Act, and adapt the same for letting in allotments, by draining, fencing, and dividing the same, acquiring approaches, making roads, and otherwise, as they think fit, and may from time to time do such things as may be necessary for maintaining such drains, fences, approaches, and roads, or otherwise for maintaining the allotments in a proper condition.

6. — (1.) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the local authority may from time to time make, revoke, and vary such regulations as appear to be necessary or proper for regulating the letting of allotments under this Act, and for preventing any undue preference in the letting thereof, and generally for carrying the provisions of this Act into effect; and such regulations may define the persons eligible to be tenants of such allotments, and the notices to be given for the letting thereof, and the size of the allotments, and the conditions under which they are to be cultivated, and the rent to be paid for them. Provided that all such regulations shall make provision for reasonable notice to be given to a tenant of any allotment of the determination of his tenancy. Provided also, that all regulations made under this section shall not be of any force unless and until they have been confirmed by the Secretary for Scotland, after such publication and inquiry, and with such modifications (if any) as the said Secretary shall determine.

(2.) All regulations for the time being in force under this section shall be binding on all persons whatsoever; and the local authority shall cause them to be from time to time made known, in such manner as the local authority think fit, to all persons interested, and shall cause a copy thereof to be given gratis to any inhabitant of the burgh or parish demanding the same.

1892.

Allotments (Scotland) , 1892. Ch. 54.

383

(3.) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the local authority may from time to time appoint, and when appointed remove, allotment managers of land acquired under this Act for allotments, and such allotment managers shall consist either partly of members of such authority and partly of other persons, or wholly of other persons, so that in either case such other persons be persons residing in the locality and contributing to the rate or assessment out of which the expenses under this Act are paid.

(4.) The proceedings and powers of allotment managers shall be such as, subject to the provisions of this Act, may be prescribed from time to time by the local authority; the allotment managers may be empowered by the local authority to do anything in relation to the management of such allotments which the local authority are authorised to do, and to incur expenses to such amount as the local authority prescribe, and any expenses properly so incurred shall be deemed to be expenses of the local authority under this Act.

7. — (1.) The rents of the allotments shall be fixed at an amount Provision* as to not less than such as may reasonably be expected to ensure the use

local authority from loss; but in calculating such loss any expenses ° 0 en

incurred in an unsuccessful attempt to acquire land for allotments shall be excluded and, subject as aforesaid, such rents may be from time to time charged as are reasonable, having regard to the agricultural value of the land, and not more than a quarter's rent shall be required to be paid in advance in any case where it is deemed necessary by the local authority to require the payment of rent in advance.

(2.) The local authority shall, for the purposes of all rates and taxes, be deemed to be the occupiers of the allotments which are let, but they shall cause the sums from time to time paid by way of rates and taxes in respect of the allotments to be apportioned among them, and cause the sum so apportioned in respect of each allotment to be certified to the tenant thereof, and such sum shall be added to the rent otherwise payable by the said tenant in respect of such allotment, and shall be deemed to be part of such rent, and be recoverable accordingly: Provided always, that for the purposes of the parliamentary franchise, and the municipal and county and all other local franchises, the tenants shall be deemed to be the occupiers and such rates to have been paid by them, notwithstanding the provisions herein-before contained.

(3.) One person shall not hold any allotment or allotments acquired under this Act exceeding one acre, and an allotment shall not be sub-let.

(4.) Provided that if at any time any allotment cannot be let in accordance with the provisions of this Act and the regulations, the same may be let to any person whatever at the best annual rent which can be obtained for the same, and on such terms as may enable the local authority to resume possession thereof within a period not exceeding twelve months if it should at any time be required to be let under the provisions aforesaid.

(5.) No building other than a toolhouse, shed, greenhouse, fowl-house, or pigsty shall be erected on any part of any allotment,

384

Ch. 54.

Allotments (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Recovery of rent and possession of allotments.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 62.

Election of

allotment

managers.

and if any building other than as aforesaid is so erected, the local authority shall forthwith pull down such building and sell and dispose of the materials thereof, and the proceeds of the sale shall be applicable in like manner as the rent of the allotment. If any building so allowed to be erected is erected upon an allotment, then at the end of the tenancy neither the local authority nor the incoming tenant shall be bound to take any such building or pay any compensation therefor, but the outgoing tenant shall be at liberty, before the expiration of his tenancy, to remove the same, and, if he fails so to do, the local authority may, after such expiration, pull down the building and dispose of the materials, and apply the proceeds in like manner as if it were a building prohibited to be erected.

(6.) A tenant of an allotment may, before the expiration of his tenancy, remove any fruit and other trees and bushes planted or acquired by him, for which he has no claim for compensation.

8. — (1.) The rent for an allotment let in pursuance of this Act, and the possession of such allotment in the case of any warning to remove, or failure to deliver up possession of the same as required by law, may be recovered by the local authority as landlords, in the like manner as in any other case of landlord and tenant.

(2.) If the rent for any allotment is in arrear for not less than forty days, or if it appears to the local authority that the tenant of an allotment not less than three months after the commencement of the tenancy thereof has not duly observed the regulations affecting such allotment made by or in pursuance of this Act, or is resident more than one mile out of the burgh or parish for which the allotments are provided, the local authority may serve upon the tenant, or if he is residing out of the burgh or parish, leave at his last known place of abode in the burgh or parish, or fix in some conspicuous manner on the allotment, a written notice determining the tenancy at the expiration of one month after the notice has been so served or affixed, and thereupon such tenancy shall be determined accordingly: Provided that in every such case the local authority in default of agreement between the incoming and outgoing tenant shall on demand pay to the tenant whose tenancy is so determined any compensation due to him as an outgoing tenant; and such compensation shall be assessed by an arbiter appointed by the local authority, or, if the tenant so elect, by a reference under the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1883.

(3.) Upon the ejectment of any tenant from an allotment, the court ordering the ejectment may stay proceedings until payment of the compensation, if any, due to the outgoing tenant has been made or secured to the satisfaction of the court.

9. — (1.) Where allotments have been provided under this Act on account of a parish in any county, a petition to the local authority may be presented by a number of the county electors in such parish, not being less than one-sixth of the whole number of euch electors, praying for the election of allotment managers in such parish, and thereupon the local authority shall order such

1892.

Allotments (Scotland), 1892. Ch. 54.

385

election, and the allotment managers so elected shall be the allotment managers of the allotments in such parish in lieu of allotment managers appointed by the local authority, who, on an election under this Act, shall cease to hold office.

(2.) The first election shall be held on such day as may, subject to the regulations hereafter mentioned, be fixed by the local authority.

(3.) The number of allotment managers in each case shall be such (not being less than three nor more than five) as the local authority may fix, and the quorum shall be three, or, if the number of managers is less than five, be two.

(4.) The allotment managers shall retire triennially on such day as may be prescribed by the regulations herein-after mentioned, and the allotment managers first elected shall retire on the day for retirement which occurs next after the expiration of three years after the day fixed for their election.

(5.) Any casual vacancy among the allotment managers which occurs by death, resignation, disqualification, or otherwise, may, if there remains a quorum of allotment managers, be filled up by such managers, but the person elected to fill the vacancy shall hold office only for the same time as the vacating manager would have done.

(6.) If at any time by reason of a failure of election, or of any other cause, there is no allotment manager, or no quorum of allotment managers in any parish, the local authority shall appoint allotment managers under this Act in that parish, and shall continue to appoint the same until another petition for the election of allotment managers is presented under this section.

(7.) An elector shall not give more than one vote for any candidate nor vote for more candidates than the number to be elected.

(8.) The election of allotment managers shall be held at such time, and in such manner, and in accordance with such regulations as the Secretary for Scotland may from time to time by order prescribe; and the Secretary for Scotland may make regulations respecting the duties of the returning officer, and the expenses of the election, and may do and make regulations respecting all such things as appear to him necessary or proper for carrying into effect this section, whether preliminary or incidental to such election, and for applying to such election any enactments respecting offences at the election of county councillors, and may revoke or alter any previous order under this section: Provided as

follows: —

(a.) Such person as the local authority may appoint shall be the returning officer;

(6.) A poll, if demanded, shall be taken by ballot, and the said regulations shall provide for the application to such poll of the Ballot Act, 1872, including the provisions for punishing 85 & 36 Vict. offences; c. 83.

(c.) The poll shall be held on one day only, and shall close at eight o'clock in the evening, and shall be open for at least the period from five to eight o'clock in the evening;

Bb

386

Ch. 54.

Allotments (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

(d.) The returning officer shall not vote except in the case of an equality of votes between any candidates, in which case he shall give a casting vote;

(e.) Any ballot boxes, instruments, fittings, and compartments provided by any public authority for parliamentary, municipal, county council, or school board elections, or belonging to any public authority for the purpose of elections, shall be lent to the returning officer on his request for the purpose of an election of allotment managers, under such conditions and either free of charge or for such reasonable charge as may be prescribed by regulations under this section;

(9.) An election under this section shall not be questioned except in such manner as may be prescribed by regulations under tins section, and the regulations may apply to such election any enactments respecting the questioning of an election of county councillors.

(10.) If an allotment manager is punished with imprisonment for any crime, or is adjudged a bankrupt, or enters into a composition or arrangement with his creditors, or ceases to reside in, or in the neighbourhood of, the parish, or absents himself for twelve months from all meetings of the allotment managers, except for temporary illness or other cause, to be approved by such managers, or is a tenant of any allotment under the management of the managers, he shall cease to be an allotment manager, and his office shall be vacant, and a person who, if elected, would by virtue of this enactment cease, otherwise than by reason of absence from meetings, to be a manager, shall not be qualified to be elected a manager, but, save as aforesaid, any retiring manager shall be eligible for re-election.

Expenses 10. — (1.) All expenses incurred by a local authority under this

and receipts. Act, including allowances to officers of such authority for duties under this Act, shall be defrayed as if they were expenses incurred for water supply under the provisions of the Public Health (Scotland) Acts, and such expenses shall in the case of a county be charged to the district within which is situated the parish on account of which the land was acquired.

(2.) All sums received by a local authority in respect of any land acquired under this Act, otherwise than from any sale or exchange, shall be applied in aid of the expenses incurred by them in respect of such land, and so far as they are not required for the payment of those expenses, shall be applied in aid of the expenses above in this section mentioned, and in the case of a county shall be credited to the district committee of the district within which is situated the parish on account of which the land was acquired.

(3.) The local authority may borrow for the purposes of acquiring, improving, and adapting land under this Act in like manner and subject to the like conditions as for the purpose of defraying the above-mentioned expenses; and all sums payable by the local authority in respect of principal or of interest on any money so borrowed shall be defrayed in manner provided by this section respecting expenses incurred under this Act in respect of such land.

1892.

Allotments (j Scotland, 1892. Ch. 54.

387

(4.) The provisions of the Public Health (Scotland) Acts, relating to borrowing by a local authority for water supply, and sections three and four of the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867, 88 & 39 vict-Amendment Act, 1875, relating to loans by the Public Works c. 74.

Loan Commissioners to a local authority, shall apply to a loan for the purposes of this Act to a local authority under this Act in like manner as if they were herein re-enacted and with the necessary variations made applicable thereto.

(5.) Separate accounts shall be kept of the receipts and expenditure under this Act of the local authority and their officers (including the allotment managers) acting under this Act, and such accounts shall be audited in like manner, and with the like incidents and consequences as the accounts of the other receipts and expenditure of the local authority and their officers.

II. — (1.) Where the local authority are of opinion that any land Sale of super-acquired by them in pursuance of this Act or any part thereof is no longer needed for the purpose of allotments, or that any other land, land more suitable for such purpose is available, they may sell or let such land or part, or exchange the same for other land more suitable for the said purpose, and may pay or receive money for equality of exchange.

(2.) The proceeds of a sale under this section and any money received by the local authority on any such exchange as aforesaid by way of equality of exchange, shall be applied in discharging, either by way of a sinking fund or otherwise, the debts and liabilities of the local authority in respect of the land acquired under this Act, or in acquiring, adapting, and improving other land for allotments under this Act, and any surplus remaining may be applied for any capital purpose which is approved by the Secretary for Scotland; and the interest thereon (if any) and any money received from the letting of the land may be applied in acquiring other land for allotments, or shall be applied in like manner as receipts from allotments under this Act are applicable:

Provided that any such proceeds, surplus, interest, and money shall, in the case of a county, be credited to or applied for the benefit of the district within which is situated the parish on account of which the land was purchased.

(3.) Sections one hundred and twenty to one hundred and twenty-three (both inclusive) of the Lands Clauses Consolidation 8 & 9 Vict. (Scotland) Act, 1845 (relating to the right of pre-emption of c-19* superfluous lands) shall apply upon any sale by a local authority in pursuance of this section of any land, whether because it is no longer needed for the purpose of allotments, or because other land more suitable for the purpose is available, but, save as aforesaid, the provisions of the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, with respect to the sale of superfluous lands shall not be deemed to be incorporated in this Act, or in any provisional order made under this Act.

12. Where it appears to any local authority that, as regards their burgh, or any parish in their county, land can be acquired for affording common pasture at such price or rent that all expenses

Bb 2

Power to make scheme for provision of common pasture.

388

Ch. 54.

Allotments (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

As to combination of parishes.

Register of tenancies.

Use of school room. &c. free of charge.

incurred by the local authority in acquiring the land and otherwise in relation to the land when acquired may reasonably be expected to be recouped out of the charges paid in respect thereof, and that the acquisition of such land is desirable in view of the wants and circumstances of the labouring population, such local authority may frame a scheme for providing such common pasture, and if such scheme shall be approved at a second meeting of the local authority held with special notice by advertisement once at least for three successive weeks in some newspaper circulating in the locality, the local authority may order the scheme to be carried into effect, and upon such order being made this Act shall, with the necessary modifications, apply in like manner as if " allotments " in this Act included common pasture, and " rent " included a charge for turning out an animal.

Provided that the regulations made under this Act may extend to regulating the turning out of animals on the common pasture, to defining the persons entitled to turn them out, the number to be turned out, and the conditions under which animals may be turned out, and fixing the charges to be made for each animal, and otherwise to regulating the common pasture.

13. Two or more parishes immediately adjoining each other may make a joint representation under this Act, and a local authority of a county may take proceedings in respect of such parishes as if they were a single parish

14. The local authority shall cause a register to be kept showing the particulars of the tenancy, acreage, and rent of every allotment let, and of the unlet allotments, and such register shall be open to the examination of ratepayers in the burgh or the county, as the case may be, in such manner as may be prescribed by the regulations made under this Act by the local authority, and any ratepayer of such burgh or county, without paying any fee, may take copies of or extracts from such register, and within one month after the fifteenth day of May in everj' year the local authority shall cause an annual statement showing their receipts and expenditure under this Act in respect of the year ending on that day, and their liabilities outstanding on that day, to be deposited at some convenient place in the burgh or county to which the statement relates, and any ratepayer may without fee inspect and take copies of such statement.

15. Any room in a school receiving a grant out of moneys provided by Parliament may, except during ordinary school hours, and any room the expense of maintaining which is payable out of any rate or assessment in the burgh or parish other than the school rate may, bo used free of charge for the purpose of an election of allotment managers or an inquiry under this Act, or for the purposes of this Act by the local authority or any committee thereof^ or, in the case of a school as aforesaid, with the consent of any two members of the school board or managers, as the case may be, for the purpose of holding public meetings to discuss any question relating to allotments under this Act, but any damage done to the

1892.

Ch, 54.

389

Allotments (Scotland Act, 1892.

room and any expense incurred by the person or persons having control over the room on account of its being so used shall be paid by the local authority or by the persons calling the meeting, as the case may be.

Nothing in this section shall give any right to hold a public meeting in a schoolroom (a) unless not less than six days before the meeting a notice of the intention to hold the meeting on the day and at the time specified in the notice, signed by the persons calling the meeting, being not less than six in number, and being persons qualified to make a representation to the local authority under this Act, has been given, if the school is under a school board, to the clerk of the board, and in any other case to one of the managers of the school; nor (b) if the use of the schoolroom on the said day and at the said time has previously to the receipt of the notice of the meeting been granted for some other purpose; but in the last-mentioned case the clerk or manager, or some one on his behalf, shall forthwith after the receipt of the notice, inform in writing one of the persons signing it that the use of the school has been so granted for some other purpose, and name some other day on which the schoolroom can be used for the meeting.

If the persons calling the meeting fail to obtain the use of a schoolroom under this section, they may appeal to the local authority under this Act, and the local authority shall forthwith decide the appeal and make such order respecting the use of the room as seems just.

16. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires —

The expression "local authority " shall mean, in a buigh the town council or police commissioners, and in a county the county council:

The expression u allotment " includes a field garden:

The expression "burgh" includes royal and parliamentary burghs and any populous place having police commissioners under any general or local police Act:

The expressions " county, " " county elector, " " district " and " district committee *' have the meanings assigned to them in the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889.

The expression "land " includes pasture, arable, and other land, and any right of way or servitude.

The expression "Public Health (Scotland) Acts" means the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867, and any Act amending the same.

17. This Act shall apply to Scotland only.

Definitions.

52 & 58 Vict. c. 50.

80 & 81 Vict. c. 101.

Extent of Act.

390

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Short title and extent.

[Commencement of Act.]

Division into parts.

Definitions.

CHAPTER 55.

An Act for regulating the Police and Sanitary Administration of towns and populous places, and for facilitating the union of Police and Municipal Administration in burghs in Scotland.

[28th June 1892.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the laws relating to the police and sanitary administration of towns and populous places, and to facilitate the union of police and municipal administration in burghs in Scotland:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited os the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, and shall apply to Scotland ouly.

2. This Act shall come into operation, except so far as otherwise herein-after provided, on the fifteenth day of May one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three, which date is herein-after called the commencement of this Act.

3. This Act is divided into parts as follows: —

Part I. — General.

Part II. — Constitution of Police Burghs.

Part III. — Police Force.

Part IV. — Police Administration.

Part V. — Rating and Borrowing Powers.

Part VI. — Offences and Penalties.

PART I.

GENERAL.

Definitions.

4. The following words and expressions in this Act shall have the meanings hereby assigned to them, unless there be something in the subject or context repugnant to such construction; that is to say,

(1.; " Board of Supervision " shall mean the Board of Supervision for the relief of the poor and of public health:

(2.) " Broker " shall include any person dealing in second-hand goods or articles, or in yam or waste, or in other unwrought material, or in old metals, bones, or rags: Provided always, that wholesale dealers in rags, ropes, and waste, purchasing only from licensed brokers or licensed marine store dealers, or in quantities of not less than half a ton, shall not be included in this definition:

1892.

Bwrgh Police (iScotlan) Act, 1892,

Ch. 55.

391

(3.^ " Building " shall include any structure or erection of what kind and nature soever, and every part thereof:

(4.) " Burgh, " when used alone, unless otherwise expressed or inconsistent with the context, shall include royal burgh, parliamentary burgh, burgh incorporated by Act of Parliament, burgh of regality, burgh of barony, and any populous place or police burgh administered in whole or in part under any general or local Police Act or any burgh created under this Act:

(5.) " Carriage " shall include any coach, omnibus, tramway car, cab, chariot, fly, hansom, car, cabriolet, gig, brougham, waggon, timber-carriage, dray, truck, cart, hand-cart, wheelbarrow, hand-barrow, lorry, bicycle, tricycle, velocipede, or other vehicle used for the conveyance of persons, animals, or goods, and whether plying for hire or not:

(6.) " Cattle " shall include any horse, mare, gelding, foal, colt, filly, bull, cow, heifer, ox, calf, ass, mule, ram, ewe, wether, lamb, goat, kid, or swine:

(7.) " Chief magistrate " shall mean the lord provost, or provost, or in his absence the magistrate present next in seniority, according to priority of election as such, and also the magistrate temporarily acting as chief magistrate in any burgh:

(8.) " Clerk, " " treasurer, " and " collector " shall mean the clerk, treasurer, and collector respectively, appointed by the Commissioners under the provisions of this Act:

(9.) "The Commissioners" shall mean the Commissioners for the purposes of this Act, in their collective capacity, not being Commissioners appointed by the Secretary for Scotland for holding local inquiries under this Act:

(10.) "Court, " where by the context it applies to a space contiguous to buildings, shall mean a court or recess or area forming a common access to lands and premises separately occupied, including any common passage or entrance thereto:

(11.) " Court of session " shall mean either division of the Inner House thereof:

(12.) "General Police Acts" shall mean the Acts specified in Schedule I. of this Act:

(13.) " House, " where not otherwise expressed, shall mean dwelling-house, and shall include out-houses and other erections, being pertinents of the house:

(14.) "Householder" shall mean any occupier or inhabitant occupier of lands or premises whose occupancy would qualify him to vote for a member of Parliament for a burgh; and shall include any female occupier of lands or premises who would be entitled under the Municipal Elections Amendment (Scotland) Act, 1881, to vote at municipal elections:

(15.) "Infectious disease" shall mean and include cholera, small-pox, typhus, typhoid, scarlet, relapsing, continued, and

392

Ch. 55.

Pwrgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

puerperal fever, measles, scarlatina, and diphtheria, and such other disease as the Commissioners, with the approval of the Board of Supervision, or Her Majesty by Order in Council, may from time to time order, for the purposes of this Act, to be deemed infectious:

(16.) " Lands and premises " shall include all lands, springs, rights of servitude, dwelling-houses, shops, warehouses, vaults, cellars, stables, breweries, manufactories, mills, and the fixed or attached machinery therein, yards, places, and other heritages specified or included in the Acts for the valuation of lands and heritages in Scotland in force for the time being:

(17.) "Local Police Act" shall mean any Act other than the General Police Acts providing for the watching, lighting, paving, draining, cleansing, or improving of a burgh, or incorporating any portion of the General Police Acts, but shall not include any Act dealing exclusively with harbours, markets, or slaughter-houses, water supply, gas supply, sewerage, tramways, or financial arrangements, or such part of any Act dealing mainly with these subjects as relates exclusively to them:

(18.) " Lord Ordinary " shall mean any Lord Ordinary in the Outer House of the Court of Session:

(19.) " Magistrate " shall mean a magistrate or judge having jurisdiction under this Act:

(20.) " Magistrates " shall include the lord provost or provost: (21.) "Occupier" shall mean tenant or sub-tenant, or any person in the actual occupancy; and shall not include a lodger, or a person in the occupation as tenant of a furnished house let for a less period than one year; but shall include the person by whom such furnished house is so let:

(22.) "Owner" shall include joint owner, fiar, life-renter, feuar, or other person in the actual possession of or entitled to receive the rents of lands, and premises of every tenure or description, and the factor, agent, or commissioner of such persons, or any of them, or any other person, who shall intromit with or draw the rents:

(23.) "Parliamentary burgh" shall mean a burgh having the right of sending or contributing to send a member to Parliament:

(24.) " Police Act, 1857, " shall mean the Act passed in the twentieth and twenty-first years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter seventy-two:

(25.) " Police burgh " shall mean a populous place the boundaries whereof have been fixed under the General Police Acts or under any Local Police Act or under this Act:

(26.) " Populous place " shall mean any town, village, place, or locality, containing a population of seven hundred inhabitants or upwards, not being administered under any general or local Police Act; and for the purposes of this Act, two or more

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892. Ch. 55.

393

contiguous towns, villages, places, or localities, not being burghs, may be held to be a populous place:

(27.) " Private court " shall mean a court maintained or liable to be maintained by persons other than the Commissioners:

(28.) " Private street " shall mean any street maintained or liable to be maintained by persons other than the Commissioners:

(29.) "Public Health Acts" shall mean the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867, and any Act amending the same:

(30.) " Sheriff" shall include sheriff-substitute, except as regards (1) the duty of fixing and extending boundaries, (2) the compulsory acquisition of land, (3) any proceeding under section fifteen of this Act:

(31.) " Street " shall include any road, highway, bridge, quay, lane, square, court, alley, close, wynd, vennel, thoroughfare, and public passage or other place within the burgh used either by carts or foot passengers, and not being or forming part of any harbour, railway, or canal station, depot, wharf, towing-path, or bank.

Application of the Act.

5. — (1.) This Act shall apply —

(a.) From its commencement to every existing burgh, with the exception of the burghs named in Schedule II. of this Act, and (b.) To every burgh created under this Act from the date when its creation is recorded in the sheriff court books.

(2.) In the burghs to which this Act applies, this Act shall, except as herein-after provided, supersede and come in the place of the general or local Police Acts, and all local Police Acte applicable to such burghs are hereby repealed, except such portion? of the Acts mentioned in the first column of Schedule III. of thii Act as are specified in the third column thereof: Provided that where any of the provisions of a general Police Act are incorporated in the portions so excepted, such unrepealed portions shall be read as if in lieu of the reference to such provisions of a general Police Act there were substituted a reference to the corresponding provisions of this Act; and where in any Act it is provided that any rates, assessments, or charges may be levied, collected, or recovered under any general Police Act repealed by this Act, such provision shall be read as if this Act were therein inserted instead of such general Police Act.

6. The general Police Acts enumerated and set forth in Schedule I. of this Act, except to such extent as they are incorporated by reference in portions of local Police Acts not repealed by this Act, are hereby repealed.

Boundaries.

7. The boundaries of any burgh, which at the commencement of this Act is administered wholly or partly under any general or local Police Act, shall, for the purposes of this Act, be the boundaries to which such Police Act extends.

Places to which Act shall apply.

Repeal of general Police Acts.

Boundaries under any Police Act to be boundaries for this Act.

394

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) A, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Boundaries of other burghs to which this Act applies from its commencement and division into wards.

Boundaries of

populous

places.

8. The boundaries of all other burghs to which this Act shall apply from its commencement shall, for the purposes of this Act, be fixed by the sheriff or sheriffs of the county or counties in which the burgh is situated, on the application of the magistrates and council, or of any seven or more householders, and after such notice, by advertisement in the Edinburgh Gazette and in any newspaper published in such burgh, and if no newspaper is published therein, then in a newspaper circulating therein, and otherwise as the sheriff or sheriffs may direct; and after such investigation (if any) as he or they may deem necessary, the sheriff or sheriffs shall define, in a written deliverance, the boundaries of such burgh; and where the population is five thousand or upwards, the sheriff or sheriffs shall also in his or their deliverance divide the burgh into wards, and fix the boundaries thereof; and such deliverance, unless appealed against as herein-after provided, shall be final, and when recorded in the sheriff court books of the county or counties, as the case may be, shall determine the boundaries of the burgh for the purposed of this Act.

9. — (1.) The boundaries of any populous place shall, for the purposes of this Act, be fixed by the sheriff or sheriffs of the county or counties in which such populous place as defined in the application is situated, on the application of any seven or more householders in such populous place; and where the population of a populous place as herein-after ascertained is five thousand or upwards, such populous place may, if the sheriff or sheriffs think fit, be divided into wards, and the sheriff or sheriffs shall fix the limits of each ward. The sheriff or sheriffs shall direct notice of the application to be given by advertisement for two successive weeks in the Edinburgh Gazette, and in some newspaper published or circulating in the county or counties in which such populous place is situated, and shall appoint a day not less than two weeks after the last date of such advertisement for hearing all parties interested, and shall also appoint and direct a proper person to ascertain and report the amount of the population of such populous place, and shall thereafter hear all parties interested, and determine whether the area included in the application, or any part thereof, considering the number of dwelling-houses within it and the density of the population, and all the circumstances of the case, is in substance a town, and is suitable for being formed into a police burgh, and if the sheriff or sheriffs are satisfied on these points, he or they shall define, in a written deliverance on such application, the boundaries of such populous place, and, where necessary, the limits of such wards.

In defining the boundaries of a populous place, it shall be lawful for the sheriff or sheriffs to include the whole area which in their judgment properly belongs to and forms part of the same town, with a reasonable margin for extension, if they think proper, but so as not to encroach on the boundaries of any other burgh or of any other county, unless the sheriff of such county concurs in the deliverance.

1892.

Bwrgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

395

(2.) Id the case of any populous place, the population of which shall be ascertained in manner foresaid to be less than two thousand, the sheriff or sheriffs may find and declare that such populous place is a burgh.

(3.) In the case of any populous place, the population of which shall be ascertained in manner foresaid to exceed two thousand, the sheriff or sheriffs shall find and declare that such populous place is a burgh.

(4.) Provided that before a populous place is declared to be a burgh under this section, if it is contiguous or closely adjacent to any burgh, the town council or Commissioners of such burgh shall have an opportunity of stating objections, which shall be disposed of by the sheriff or sheriffs, who shall take the whole circumstances of the case into consideration.

(5.) The deliverance of the sheriff or sheriffs, unless appealed against in manner herein provided, shall be final, and shall be recorded, along with the application on which it proceeds, in the sheriff court books of the county or counties wherein the burgh is situated, as the case may be.

10. In the event of any accidental error having been committed Powr to . by the sheriff or sheriffs in defining the boundaries of any burgh or Cental emirs populous place, or of any of the wards thereof, under the powers in defining hereby conferred, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of such boundaries, burgh or of such populous place, so soon as it has been declared to

be a police burgh and has elected Commissioners, to bring the matter under the consideration of the sheriff or sheriffs, who shall have power to rectify any such error, and whose judgment thereon shall be final; and the boundaries as so rectified shall, in regard to all future acts, payments, and liabilities, be held to be the boundaries originally assigned by the sheriff or sheriffs under this Act: Provided always, that any acts done or payments made, prior to such rectification, shall be in nowise affected thereby; but the same, in so far as done or made in good faith, shall, notwithstanding such error, be as valid, final, and free from challenge as if such error had not been committed.

11. Upon the application of the Commissioners or of the council

of any burgh, and after publication in the Edinburgh Gazette, un ane3‘ and in any newspaper published in such burgh, and if no newspaper be published therein, then in a newspaper circulating in such burgh, and such other notice and inquiry as he may deem necessary, it shall be lawful for the sheriff, after hearing all parties interested, from time to time to revise, alter, extend, or contract the boundaries of such burgh for the purposes of this Act, but so as not to encroach on the boundaries of any other burgh, and where not divided into wards to divide the same into wards, and where divided into wards to revise the boundaries of such wards; and where in any burgh wards exist at present, the sheriff may increase their number or lessen their number by combination or re-arrangement, and the sheriff shall define, in a written deliverance on such application, the new boundaries of such burgh and wards, for the purposes of this

396

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) A, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Municipal boundaries may be extended to police boundaries, and police boundaries may be extended to municipal or parliamentary boundaries.

Appeal.

Act; and such deliverance, unless appealed against, in manner herein-after provided, shall be final; and when recorded along with the application on which it proceeds in the sheriff court books of the county, shall fix and determine the boundaries of such burgh and wards for the purposes of this Act. Where the burgh and the lands proposed to be included in any application for an extension of boundary lie in more than one county, the application shall be made to and disposed of by the sheriffs of all the counties concerned. The sheriff or sheriffs in revising the boundaries of a burgh shall take into account the number of dwelling-houses within the area proposed to be included, the density of the population, and all the circumstances of the case, whether it properly belongs to and ought to form part of the burgh, and should in their judgment be included therein. In the event of the sheriffs not being unanimous in opinion, the application shall not be granted subject to an appeal as herein-after provided.

12. Where in any burgh the municipal boundary is either wholly or partly within the boundary for police purposes, it shall be lawful for the council at a meeting specially called for the purpose, of which a month's notice shall be given, to resolve that the boundary for municipal purposes, including the right to vote for town councillors, shall be extended up to the boundary for police purposes, and to fix the boundary for municipal purposes accordingly, and where in any burgh the police boundary is wholly or partly within the municipal boundary or royalty or within the parliamentary boundary, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners at a meeting specially called for the purpose, of which a month's previous notice shall be given, to resolve to extend such police boundary to the municipal boundary or the royalty or the parliamentary boundary respectively for police purposes, including the right to vote for Commissioners, but so as not to encroach on the boundaries of any other burgh, and to fix the date, not being less than fourteen days from the date of the said resolution, when such resolution shall come into operation. Upon any such resolution being adopted, the council or the Commissioners of the burgh may present a petition to the sheriff praying him to confirm the same; and the sheriff, after such intimation and service as he thinks proper, and after hearing all parties interested, shall dispose of the application, and upon any final judgment confirming the resolution being pronounced it shall be recorded in the sheriff court books, and such resolution shall come into force from the date of such recording or such later date or dates as may be specified in the resolution; and any Act of Parliament conferring police jurisdiction or any other authority within such extended boundary shall, in so far as it is inconsistent with the provisions of this section, be repealed.

13. In any proceeding for fixing, altering, extending, contracting, or revising the boundaries of a burgh or populous place, or of the wards of a burgh, it shall be lawful for any owner or occupier within the boundaries as fixed by the sheriff or sheriffs who considers himself aggrieved by the deliverance of the sheriff or

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892.

Cfl. 55.

397

sheriffs, or the resolutions of the council or Commissioners, as the case may be, or for the county council or the standing joint committee of any county into which the said boundaries extend beyond the existing boundaries, within fourteen days from the date thereof, to present a petition against the deliverance of the sheriff or sheriffs to the Court of Session, setting forth the grounds on which they object to such deliverance; and the Court of Session may thereupon order answers, and, after answers have been lodged, may either pronounce a final order or remit to a Lord Ordinary, to direct inquiry into the circumstances of the case, and to issue such order thereupon as he may deem requisite to determine the boundaries of such burgh; and such order shall in either case be final, and when recorded in the sheriff court books of such county, shall fix and determine the boundaries of such burgh for the purposes of this Act. Where it is the duty of two or more sheriffs to fix the boundary, and they cannot come to a unanimous decision, they shall state a case for the Court of Session, and the same procedure shall with the necessary variations be followed as hereinbefore prescribed in the case of the petition against the deliverance of the sheriff.

14. Where the boundary of a burgh is fixed for the first time Plan of new or altered under the provisions of this Act, plans showing the new boundary, duly certified by the Commissioners, shall be sent within ^A^iculture. one month after the boundary is fixed to the Board of Agriculture.

Adoption of the Act.

15. In any burgh named in Schedule II., this Act may be adopted Adoption in in whole or in part, that is to say, in parts, sections, or subsections, burgh* wholly by a resolution of the council where there is no separate board of Commissioners, and where there is such a separate board by such Police Act*. Commissioners, at a meeting called for the purpose after a month's previous notice in a newspaper published or circulating in the burgh,

which notice shall specify the parts, sections, or subsections of this Act proposed to be adopted and the portions of local Police Acts proposed to be repealed: Provided that such adoption in part of this Act shall not affect any private interests which shall have been specially regulated by any local Act, and provided further that in every case where Part V. of this Act shall be adopted only in part, such adoption shall include the provisions of this Act relating to incidence of assessments.

Such resolution shall be reported to the sheriff, who shall pronounce a deliverance thereon declaring the parts, sections, or subsections of this Act specified in the resolution to have been adopted, and shall cause such resolution to be recorded in the sheriff* court books.

From and after the recording of such resolution the parts, sections, or subsections of this Act so adopted shall come into force in the burgh, and all portions of local Police Acts inconsistent with or dealing with the same matters as the parts, sections, or subsections so adopted shall be repealed, which portions shall be specified in the resolution so recorded.

r

398

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Where popu- . loos place not declared a burgh new application may be made after two years.

Court of Session may make orders to facilitate adoption or execution of Act.

Statutory provisions as to fixing of boundaries, &c, to be deemed to be complied with.

16. Where a populous place has not been declared a burgh by the sheriff, another application to have such populous place declared a burgh in manner herein-before provided may be made, but such application shall not be competent until after the lapse of two years from the date of the deliverance on the last preceding application.

Miscellaneous.

17. Wherever in any burgh in existence before the passing of this Act, and which thereafter continues to be a burgh, or in any burgh the boundaries of which have been determined in terms of tills Act, it has, from a failure to observe any of the provisions of this Act, or any other Act, or from any other cause, become impossible to proceed with the execution of this Act, the following provisions shall have effect:

(1.) It shall be lawful for any seven householders within the burgh to present a petition to the Court of Session, or to the sheriff court, setting forth the failure which has taken place to observe the provisions of this Act, or any other Act, or other cause which has made it impossible to proceed with the execution of this Act, and praying the court to pronounce an order in terms of this Act as herein-after mentioned.

(2.) The petition shall be intimated in any newspaper published in such burgh, and if no newspaper be published therein, then in a newspaper circulating in such burgh, or in such other manner as the court shall appoint.

(3.) Upon resuming consideration of the petition, with or without answers, and after receiving such evidence as they shall require, the court may pronounce any order which, in their judgment, will enable the proceedings for the execution of this Act within such burgh to be continued as nearly as possible as if the said failure to observe the provisions of this Act, or any other Act, or other cause, had not taken place; and such order shall be final, and shall be recorded in the sheriff court books of the county within which such burgh is situate.

(4.) As soon as any directions contained in the said order of the court shall have been complied with, the proceedings for the execution of this Act within such burgh may proceed as nearly as possible in the same manner, and with the same incidents, as if the said failure to observe the provisions of this Act, or any other Act, or other cause, had not taken place.

(5.) The court may pronounce any order as to the expenses of the petition, and the proceedings following thereon, and as to the persons against whom or the assessments against which they shall be chargeable; and such order shall be final.

18. All statutory requirements and provisions applicable to the fixing of the boundaries of any burgh or place under the General Police Acts or this Act, or to the adoption of any of the said Acts or of this Act, or to the election of Commissioners for any such burgh, shall be deemed and taken to be duly complied with, and

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

399

shall have effect accordingly, unless the same shall have been or shall be challenged in a competent court of law within three years from the date of the alleged non-compliance with the said statutory requirements and provisions:Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall prejudice or affect the pecuniary rights, liabilities, or interests of any person which shall have been finally decided by or are under the consideration of any court of law at the time of the passing hereof.

19. When this Act shall apply in any burgh which has previously been wholly or partly administered under any general or local Police Act, or shall be applied in whole or in part by being adopted in any burgh so administered, all bonds, contracts, covenants, agreements, and securities made and entered into, and obligations incurred, and all assessments imposed under and by virtue of such Acts, in so far as regards anything done'under such Acts, or any of them, previous to the commencement of this Act, shall remain in full force and effect, and shall continue available and binding on all concerned; and nothing herein contained shall be construed to affect the debts, rights, or claims of any creditor, or any special interest provided for under such Acts; and the officers appointed under and employed in the execution of such Acts shall continue to exercise their offices, until they are respectively superseded, or legally removed therefrom, under the authority of this Act.

And where any local Act contains provisions embodying or giving effect to or saving any contract or agreement with any private individual or public body, such provisions shall be saved and excepted from any repeal of such Act, and any such contract or agreement shall remain binding notwithstanding anything contained in this Act.

All complaints and prosecutions raised or pending at the passing of this Act shall continue and be followed forth to a conclusion in the same way and with the same jurisdiction, remedies, penalties, and powers as if the Act had not passed.

20. In all cases where the management for the purposes of this Act of any burgh is by the application of this Act transferred from any existing Commissioners of Police or other persons acting under any of the general Police Acts or any local Police Act to Commissioners under this Act, the whole lands, heritages, assessments, claims, demands, and effects of every kind belonging to or vested in the Commissioners of Police, or other persons, from whom such management is so transferred, or in any person on their behalf, and all powers, rights, and privileges conferred on or vested in such Commissioners of Police, or other persons, by any Act of Parliament, charter, or writing, in so far as not inconsistent with the provisions of this Act, shall be, and are hereby transferred to and vested in the Commissioners under this Act, and they shall be liable for the whole debts and obligations of the Commissioners of Police, or other persons, from whom such management is transferred.

And where by any Act of Parliament any powers and duties are conferred or imposed upon the Commissioners under the general

Saving of contracts.

Property vested in Commissioners under this Act.

400

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) A, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Powers. &c. of local authorities under Public Health Act to be transferred to Commissioners.

Where burgh extended Commissioners to pay county council proportion of expenses of register of voters.

Police Acts, such powers and duties shall now be vested in and discharged by the Commissioners under this Act.

21. Wherever the boundaries of any burgh have been determined in terms of this Act, the whole powers and duties (including the rights to levy assessments) exerciseable by any local authority acting under the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867, and Acts amending the same, within the district or districts comprehended within such burgh shall cease and determine, and the same shall be transferred to and vested in the Commissioners under this Act, and all drainage, water, and other works executed in such district or districts by such local authority in the performance of its powers and duties under the said Acts shall be taken over by the Commissioners under this Act, who shall be liable for the whole debts and obligations of such local authority applicable to such district or districts; and in the case of difference of opinion as to such debts or obligations, the sheriff shall determine the dispute, and his decision shall be final.

22. Where by the extension of the boundary of a burgh under the Boundaries of Burghs Extension (Scotland) Act, 1857, and any Act amending the same, or this Act, any area of any county is annexed to such burgh, the Commissioners of such burgh shall pay annually to the county council of such county from which such area is taken such proportion of the expenses payable by the county council for the preparation of the register of parliamentary voters for such county or division thereof, as the case may be, as the number of voters in the said area shall bear to the total number of voters in such county or division thereof.

PART II.

CONSTITUTION OF POLICE BURGHS.

Establishment of new authority in burghs having magistrates and councillors, and in new burghs.

23. In any burgh having magistrates or a magistrate, and councillors, or other municipal authority under whatever name, at the commencement of this Act —

(1.) The magistrates or magistrate and councillors, or other municipal authority, shall, subject to the provisions of the immediately succeeding sections, be the Commissioners under this Act.

Provided that where there are already Police Commissioners under any general or local Police Act, such Police Commissioners shall be the Commissioners under this Act until the first annual election of magistrates and councillors, or other municipal authority, after the commencement of this Act (2.) After the commencement of this Act —

(a.) In burghs in which the magistrates and councillors are elected in manner provided by the Acts third and fourth William the Fourth, chapters seventy-six and seventy-seven, and other Acts amending the same, the magistrates and councillors shall be elected as heretofore, except in so far as the said Acts are modified or amended by this Act:

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland), 1892. Ch. 55.

401

(b.) In all other burghs the magistrates and councillors or Commissioners shall be elected under the provisions of the two immediately succeeding sections, as the case may be.

24. In burghs wholly or partly administered under any general Present Com-

or local Police Act, the Commissioners and magistrates at the com- to

mencement of this Act shall continue to hold and exercise their 0fgce till their office and to perform all the duties appertaining thereto till successors are their successors are appointed under this Act, and the order of appointed-the retirement of such Commissioners shall be the same as if

this Act had not been passed; but as vacancies occur the election of their successors shall take place under this Act, and where an increase or decrease in the number of the Commissioners in such burghs falls to take place in virtue of this Act, the sheriff shall, on the application of the existing Commissioners or of any seven electors of the burgh, ascertain the extent of the population of the burgh, and thereupon fix the number of Commissioners to which the burgh is entitled under this Act; and it shall be lawful for the sheriff to determine when, and in what manner the increased or decreased number of Commissioners, and the consequent increase or decrease in the number of magistrates, shall take place in the burgh, and if it is divided into wards, in the different wards thereof, and he shall fix the order in which they shall vacate office; and the sheriff shall also determine in a summary manner all questions that may arise in reference to these matters, and he shall forthwith cause his deliverance to be recorded in the sheriff court books of the county, and in the books of the burgh (if any) to which it specially applies, and such deliverance by the sheriff shall be final.

25. In burghs other than those referred to in the immediately First election preceding section, an election of Commissioners shall take place as °.f Commis-soon as may be after the commencement of this Act, and the house- certain burghs, holders whose names are in the assessor's list in this section mentioned shall be entitled to vote.

The sheriff shall, preparatory to the said election, require the assessor under the Valuation Acts to furnish him within fourteen days with a list of the householders in the burgh; and where the burgh is divided into wards the assessor shall state separately the householders in each ward respectively; and the list shall be subscribed by the assessor, and be returned by him to the sheriff, who shall hold the same as the list of householders entitled to vote in the election.

26. The sheriff shall conduct the election, and shall give due sheriff to intimation thereof, and of the time within which the nomination conduct the of candidates for the office of Commissioner shall be made to him; e ection-and he shall be the returning officer, with power to appoint presiding officers, assistants, and clerks, and all other persons necessary to preside and officiate at the polling places in the burgh, or if it is divided into wards, in the several wards thereof.

The election shall be conducted by ballot, and as nearly as circumstances will permit in the manner herein-after prescribed for the annual election of Commissioners for the purposes of this Act; and the sheriff shall determine in a summary7 manner all

C c

402 Ch. 55. Burgh Police, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Saving of

patrimonial

rights.

questions that may arise in reference to the election, and his decision shall be final; and in cases of equality of votes, either in the burgh or in the several wards thereof, if it is divided into wards, the sheriff shall have a casting vote; and he shall preside at the first meeting of the Commissioners as herein-after provided for, or shall appoint some person other than a Commissioner to preside in his stead.

27. — (1.) Where, by the operation of this Act, the right to elect the municipal authority is transferred and taken away from the existing body of electors, and any dispute arises as to whether any right or privilege exercised by all or any of such is a public or a private and patrimonial right, such dispute shall be decided by the sheriff, but an appeal shall lie to the Court of Session.

(2.) Nothing contained in this Act shall affect the patrimonial rights of any body of feuars at the passing of this Act administered by the town council of any burgh or barony.

Persons eligible to be elected.

Number of Commissioners.

Election of Commissioners.

28. At the election any male householder in the burgh who is not in arrear with any burgh assessment shall be eligible as & Commissioner for the purposes of this Act, and may be proposed and seconded by any two householders in the assessors list hereinafter mentioned; or if the burgh is divided into wards, by any two such householders in the ward for which the election is to take place:Provided always, that the nomination paper shall be signed by the person nominated or his mandatory, and also by not less than five other such householders.

The same procedure with respect to the declaration of acceptance of office, and as to the election of magistrates, and as to resigning the office of Commissioner, and as to filling up any vacancy in the office of magistrate and Commissioner, shall take place under this Act as is by law provided with regard to such matters in burghs having to provide for the election of magistrates and councillors as aforesaid.

29. In burghs where the population is less than ten thousand the number of Commissioners elected shall be nine, unless on application to the sheriff by the existing Commissioners or by seven householders of the burgh, he shall see cause to fix the number at twelve; where the population is between ten thousand and twenty thousand the number shall be twelve; where the population is between twenty thousand and fifty thousand the number shall be fifteen; where the population is between fifty thousand and one hundred thousand the number shall be eighteen; wh«re the population is over one hundred thousand the number shall be twenty-four. And the number of the Commissioners to be elected may from time to time be determined by the sheriff in conformity with this section.

Where the burgh is divided into wards, the number of wards, and the number of Commissioners to be elected, shall be settled and adjusted by the sheriff so that there shall be, as nearly as may be, three Commissioners for each ward.

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

403

30. In all burghs where an annual election of Commissioners Register of falls to be made under this Act, from and after the first election of Commissioners as above provided for, a list and register of the " roister of persons entitled to vote in such annual election shall be made up parliamentary, yearly, before the fifteenth day of September, and the procedure to burghs* be followed with reference to such list and register shall, as far as practicable, be similar to that prescribed by the Acts for the registration of parliamentary voters for burghs in Scotland, and for this purpose the clerk to the Commissioners shall come in room and place of the assessor and also of the town clerk; and the chief magistrate, or in his absence one of the magistrates, shall hold a court for correcting and revising the said list accordingly; and the county clerk, assessor, or other person in the possession of the valuation roll, shall, on or before the fifteenth day of August, exhibit and give reasonable access to the same without making any charge, to enable such list and register to be made up and completed in terms of this Act.

31. The persons who shall be entered in the said list and register Persons who shall be the same as if the burgh was a burgh having to provide for the appointment of magistrates and councillors in terms of the Acts agister of thereanent, and such list and register, including the female voters voters under (which need not be a separate list), when so made and completed, this Act* shall be called the register of voters under this Act; and there shall be included in the said list or register of voters the names of all persons within the burgh who are qualified for the parliamentary franchise as inhabitant occupiers under the third section of the Representation of the People Act, 1884: Provided always, that no person shall be placed on the said list or register who on the fifteenth day of July immediately preceding was in arrear with any burgh assessment; and such register shall be the register of persons entitled to vote at the next ensuing election of Commissioners under this Act, and be deemed and taken to be conclusive evidence that the persons therein named continue to have the qualifications which are annexed to their names respectively; and the said register may, if desired by the Commissioners, be printed, and copies thereof kept by the clerk to the Commissioners, and delivered to persons applying therefor on the same terms as is provided for by the Burgh Voters Registration Act, 1856, in regard to other burghs.

32. There shall be an annual election of Commissioners under Future elec-this Act, on the first Tuesday of November; and such annual ti<?ns.of Conl* election in the burgh, or if it is divided into wards, in the several became m ° wards thereof, shall be conducted under the rules, regulations, and election of provisions applicable by law to the election of town councillors in *}JJ^coan~ burghs in Scotland; and for all the purposes of such annual election, c 0 first meeting of Commissioners, and election of magistrates, and other procedure consequent upon such annual election, a burgh under this Act shall be deemed a burgh having to provide for the appointment and election of magistrates and councillors therefor in terms of the Acts relating to the election of magistrates and councillors in royal ar» \ parliamentary burghs in Scotland which

Cc2

404

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland)A 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

If returning officer declines to act, Commissioners to appoint one, or the clerk to act.

Expenses to be defrayed out of assessments.

Magistrates to be elected.

Number of magistrates.

may be in force for the time: Provided, that in the case of any burgh situated in any island of Scotland, it shall not be necessary in the event of a double return, or failure to nominate the requisite number for election, to carry through the whole election procedure of new, but instead thereof the Commissioners at a meeting to be held at twelve o'clock noon on the first Friday after the annual election shall, in the event of there being an equality of votes, determine by vote which of the candidates shall be preferred; and in the event of the whole or any part of the number of Commissioners not being elected, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners then in office, at such meeting, to supply the deficiency by such and the like proceedings as are provided for in the case of interim vacancies.

33. Where, in any burgh under this Act, the person entitled to act as returning officer at any annual election of Commissioners under this Act cannot competently act as such, or declines to act, and to discharge the duties devolving on him in that respect, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to nominate and appoint one of their own number, or any other duly qualified person to be returning officer; and failing any such appointment, the clerk, or any qualified person to be appointed by him, shall be the returning officer; and such person so to be nominated and appointed, or the clerk, shall possess all the powers for the purpose of such election as if he had been the chief magistrate, or other person entitled to act as returning officer for such election.

34. All reasonable charges and expenses incurred by the burgh in connexion with the election of Commissioners after the first election, as above provided for, shall form a charge against, and be defrayed out of, the assessments leviable under this Act, and may be apportioned among such assessments as the Commissioners think proper, and may be recovered from the treasurer of the burgh, who is authorised to charge the same against its funds.

35. The Commissioners first elected under this Act shall, at twelve of the clock noon on the first Friday after the first election, hold their first meeting in the town hall, or other convenient place; and at such meeting, shall by a majority (the sheriff or the person appointed by him to preside having a casting vote in case of equality), elect from among the Commissioners magistrates of police, and the Commissioners first elected shall be entitled to act, although from any cause the full number of Commissioners may not be filled up; and all subsequent elections of magistrates shall take place at the same time and in the same manner as if the burgh was a parliamentary burgh, having to provide magistrates and councillors as herein provided for.

36. There shall be elected in burghs:— Where the population is fifty thousand and upwards, a chief magistrate and six other magistrates; where the population is between ten thousand and fifty thousand, a chief magistrate and four other magistrates; and where the population is less than ten thousand, a chief magistrate and two other magistrates, and the chief magistrate shall be called provost and the magistrates be called bailies.

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

405

37. One third of the Commissioners shall, on the first Tuesday Commissioners of November annually, retire in the order prescribed by law for to retire in the the retirement of councillors in burghs having to provide for the M*coimSk>w election of magistrates and councillors as aforesaid; and the chief in other magistrate shall always remain in office for three years after his bur8hs-election to that office, in like manner as the provost or chief magistrate in such burghs.

38. The magistrates and Commissioners elected in virtue of this Magistrates

Act shall, within the limits of the burgh for the purposes of this gjonSTohave Act, possess such and the like rights, powers, authorities, and like powers as jurisdiction as are possessed by the magistrates and council of magistrates and royal and parliamentary burghs in Scotland. counci on».

39. Notwithstanding the provision in the ninth section of the Intimation of Municipal Elections Amendment (Scotland) Act, 1868, it shall not tow^coimciUt be competent to elect any person to the office of town councillor annual elec-at the annual municipal election on the first Tuesday of November tions to town in any royal or parliamentary burgh in Scotland unless the name clerk-

of such person shall have been intimated to the town clerk of such *882 Vict* burgh in the mauner herein-after provided before four of the clock afternoon on the Tuesday immediately preceding the said first Tuesday of November, and the intimation to the town clerk shall be in the form of Schedule IX. hereunto annexed, or as near thereto as circumstances admit.

40. Any intimation so made to the town clerk of such burgh Power to shall be competently withdrawn by giving notice of withdrawal withdraw to him before four of the clock afternoon on the Thursday candidature* immediately preceding the said first Tuesday of November, and

such notice of withdrawal shall be signed by the person nominated and proposed for election and by his proposer or seconder, or shall be signed by both his proposer and seconder, and also by one of the five assenters to the intimation, and the said notice shall be in the form of Schedule X. of this Act, or as near thereto as circumstances admit: Provided, that no such withdrawal shall be competent where its effect would be to reduce the total number of persons nominated for the then ensuing annual election of town councillors in such burgh (or in a ward thereof where the burgh is divided into wards, and the notice applies to such ward) below the number necessary to supply the vacancies to be filled up in the burgh or ward, as the case may be, at that election.

41. The ninth section of the last-mentioned Act is hereby Partial repeal repealed in so far only as it relates to the time and form of making ^vict f the intimation of nomination to the town clerk, and wherever c. ios." otherwise in that section, or in the said Act, reference is made to

the said intimation, such reference shall be held to apply to the intimation of nomination to the town clerk referred to in the two immediately preceding sections of this Act, and the said last-mentioned Act shall be construed and read accordingly.

Police and Municipal Administration.

42. In any burgh where various municipal or police authorities Various possess jurisdictions and powers within the area of such burgh in j^Tictbus to

406

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) A, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

cease and to vest in the provost, magistrates, &c.

Provost, magistrates, &c. to be local authority under Public Health Act.

Alteration of number of magistrates and council.

Special powers

police, water, gas, drainage, rating, matters of public health or otherwise, such several jurisdictions and powers, and the whole privileges, rights, and duties exercised in connexion therewith, other than those vested in, and possessed and exercised by the provost, magistrates, and town council or Commissioners, shall cease and determine, and such jurisdiction and all the powers and duties already existing or conferred by this Act in relation thereto, shall thereafter devolve on and be vested in, and be wholly exercised by the provost, magistrates, and town council or Commissioners: Provided always that where a royal burgh, or a police burgh, or part thereof is included within the parliamentary area of a burgh, this section shall not apply to the effect of uniting such burghs or amalgamating the administration thereof, but without prejudice to any application for such amalgamation under the provisions of section forty-five of this Act.

43. Notwithstanding the provisions of any general Act or local Police Act, the provost, magistrates, and town council or Commissioners in every burgh shall be the local authority under the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867, within the area of such burgh: Provided that nothing contained in this Act shall prejudice or affect the provisions of section eighty-one of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889, and if any question shall arise under this proviso, the same, failing agreement, may be determined by the Secretary for Scotland after such inquiry as he shall think fit, and the provisions of section ninety-three, sub-section three, of the last-mentioned Act shall apply to such inquiry.

Provisional Orders.

44. In any burgh where the magistrates and council are the Commissioners under this Act, it shall be lawful for the magistrates and council to make application to the Secretary for Scotland for a provisional order determining that the number of the magistrates and council, or either of them, may be altered to any number, which would be competent under this Act for the Commissioners of Police of such burgh, and for distributing the number of the magistrates and council so altered among the wards of the burgh, if it is divided into wards, and that such alteration shall come into effect either immediately at the next election or at successive elections by gradual increase or diminution of the number of the magistrates and council, or either of them.

If such order is made and confirmed by Parliament as hereinafter provided, it shall regulate the number of the magistrates and council of such burgh for the future, any charter, right, or Act of Parliament notwithstanding.

45. Whenever it shall appear to the Commissioners of any burgh to which this Act applies that they require additional powers for the better carrying out of the purposes of this Act, and specially powers relating to the supply of gas or water, or to the roads and streets, or to drainage or sewers or the utilisation of sewage in

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

407

addition to the powers conferred by the Public Health Acts, or for the repeal or amendment of any local Acts of Parliament relating to such subjects, or their adaptation and adjustment to the provisions of this Act, with such amendments as may be found necessary, or for the repeal of any exemption from rating derived from this or any general or local Act, or to other matters cognate to the purposes of this Act, they may apply to the Secretary for Scotland for a provisional order.

Or whenever it appears desirable to the magistrates and council or the Commissioners of contiguous or adjacent burghs that provision should be made for amalgamating the administration of such burghs for all or any of the purposes of this Act or both for municipal purposes and the purposes of this Act, or carrying on jointly such administration or any part thereof by joint committees or otherwise, or for executing jointly any conduits or main sewers, or any other drainage works necessary for the more effectually draining of such contiguous or adjacent burghs, such Commissioners or magistrates and council, as the case may be, may make joint application to the Secretary for Scotland for a provisional order.

Two drafts of the order proposed shall be transmitted with every application for a provisional order.

46. — (1.) Upon the receipt of any such application for a provi- Procedure, sional order, the Secretary for Scotland may direct the sheriff or

other Commissioner or Commissioners to hold a local inquiry in the district in respect to the several matters mentioned in the application, after giving at least fourteen days' notice of the time, place, and subject of the inquiry in two consecutive weeks in a newspaper published or circulating in the burgh.

The sheriff or other Commissioner or Commissioners shall hold such inquiry, and for the purposes thereof shall have power to take the assistance of valuators, accountants, engineers, or other persons of skill to such extent as they may find necessary, and shall make a written report to the Secretary for Scotland.

Thereafter it shall be lawful for the Secretary for Scotland to issue a provisional order either in accordance with the prayer of the application, or with such modifications or alterations as may appear to him to be requisite.

(2.) No provisional order shall be of any validity unless the same has been confirmed by Act of Parliament.

(3.) It shall be lawful for the Secretary for Scotland to make such order as he thinks fit in reference to the costs, charges, and expenses incurred in relation to such provisional order, including the costs of any party opposing the same, and to direct that the whole or any portion thereof shall be a charge upon the burgh general assessment, or any other assessment imposed under this Act in any burgh concerned in the application, and the Court of Session may interpone their authority to any order of the Secretary for Scotland under this section.

47. When any investigation or other proceeding under this Act Who to preside requires to be conducted by the sheriffs of more than one county, tlLrTone0 the senior sheriff shall preside, and the senior sheriff clerk shall sheriff.

ie

408

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 VICT.

Expenses of sheriff how to be defrayed.

Jurisdiction where burgh in more than one county.

Commissioners to be summoned to attend meetings.

Quorum.

Power to grant leave of absence.

Commissioner not attending for six months shall demit office.

act as clerk of court in such investigation, and such senior sheriff clerk shall, after recording the deliverance in the sheriff court books of his own county, transmit a certified copy thereof to the sheriff clerk of the other county, and such certified copy shall be sufficient warrant to such sheriff clerk to record the deliverance in the sheriff court books of such county.

48. All expenses incurred by the sheriff in the fixing of boundaries of populous places which are formed into burghs, and in all other proceedings necessary for carrying this Act into execution, shall be defrayed out of the burgh general assessment herein provided, and where in any proceedings for defining the boundaries of a populous place the sheriff shall refuse to hold that the place is suitable for being formed into a burgh, or in the case of a populous place not having two thousand inhabitants, the sheriff shall refuse to find and declare it to be a burgh, the expenses incurred shall be paid and borne by the persons signing the application for the fixing of the boundaries.

49. Where any burgh is situated in more than one county the duties imposed by this Act on the sheriff of the county, except where such duties are expressly imposed by the Act on two or more sheriffs jointly, shall be performed by such one of the sheriffs of said counties as may, on the application of the Commissioners of said burgh, be appointed by the Secretary for Scotland.

Meetings of Commissioners.

50. Meetings of the Commissioners shall; be held at such times and at such places as may be fixed by them from time to time. All the Commissioners shall be cited to attend all meetings, such citation being given personally, or at their dwelling-houses or places of business, by notices issued by their clerk at least twenty-four hours before the time of meeting, which shall specify the matters to be considered at the meeting; but ho proceeding of the Commissioners shall be invalidated in consequence of the omission to send such notice or the informality thereof, or in consequence of any vacancy among their number, or of any disqualification of, or objection to, any commissioner. Amd the chief magistrate, or, in his absence, the magistrate next in order of seniority, and in the absence of all the magistrates, such one of the Commissioners as shall be chosen by the meeting, shall preside; and the preses of the meeting shall have both a deliberative and, in case of equality, a casting vote in all matters which shall come before it: Provided always, that one third of the Commissioners (and in no case less than three) must be present at all meetings to constitute a quorum.

51. It shall be lawful to the Commissioners to grant leave of absence to a Commissioner on his application and on reasonable cause shown for any period not exceeding twelve months.

Any Commissioner who without leave of the Commissioners shall fail to attend any meetings of the Commissioners for a period of six months having been duly cited thereto shall ipso facto vacate

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland), 1892. Ch. 55.

409

his office, and if he is a magistrate or town councillor, he shall ipso facto vacate such office also at the same time.

52. The clerk to the Commissioners, when required in writing special meet* by the chief magistrate, or on requisition being made to him, stating ma7 be in writing the object of the intended meeting, and signed by one Requisition, fifth, not being less than two of the Commissioners, shall cause

special meetings to be called within forty-eight hours, and to be held within four days after such requisition, and shall cause all the Commissioners to be summoned to attend such meetings, by summonses, containing a copy of such requisition, or stating the purpose thereof.

53. The Commissioners may adjourn to any other day, hour, Meetings may

and place within the burgh. 1)6 adjourned-

54. The Commissioners shall have power to form committees of Power to their number, either with directions to report to the Commissioners *J|"[tees or for carrying the various purposes of this Act into execution, and

to delegate to such'committees the powers competent to the Commissioners under this Act, in whole or in part, with regard to the subject which may be remitted, to name the convener, and to fix the numbers of such committees which shall form a quorum, and, if they see fit, to allow any committee to appoint sub-committees with powers; and the convener who shall preside, or in his absence the person to be elected by the committee for the time, shall be entitled to a deliberative and, in case of equality, a casting vote, and to convene the members by notices in the way he shall think most convenient.

Powers and Duties of Commissioners.

55. — (1.) The Commissioners shall be a body corporate having a Powers and common seal. The seal shall bear a device to be fixed on by the dalie.s of Corn-Commissioners at a meeting to be held for the purpose. missioned.

(2.) In all burghs to which this Act applies, with the exception of burghs having already a corporate name or title under any local charter or Act of Parliament, the corporate name of the Commissioners shall be " the Commissioners of the burgh of " [here insert the name of the burgh]" Excepting bonds for moneys to be borrowed as herein-after provided for, all deeds, contracts, and writs of importance shall be granted in the corporate name of the Commissioners, and shall be signed by three of the Commissioners and by the clerk, and sealed with the common seal of the Commissions s; and all such deeds, contracts, and writs so executed shall be binding on the property and funds of the Commissioners.

(3.) The Commissioners shall estimate, assess, levy, and apply the sums of money hereby authorised to be raised for the purposes of this Act.

(4.) The Commissioners shall have power to appoint, at such salaries as they think fit, to be paid out of the assessments leviable under this Act, in such proportions as the Commissioners may determine, clerks, treasurers, collectors, surveyors, inspectors, and

410

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

all other persons whose appointment is not herein otherwise provided for, to be employed in the execution of this Act, and to provide such offices as may be necessary, and to remove and suspend such clerks, treasurers, collectors, surveyors, inspectors, and other persons at pleasure, and to fix the number and description of officers to be employed in the execution of this Act, and the wages to be paid to them respectively, whether appointed by themselves or not, and to increase or diminish their numbers from time to time as they shall see cause, and to make orders and regulations for their government.

(5.) The Commissioners shall also have power from time to time to purchase or take in feu and build or to lease such lands and premises as shall be required, and to sell or feu and dispose of such lands and premises as may have become unfit or otherwise unnecessary for the purposes of this Act. The titles to all heritable property to be acquired in the execution of this Act shall be taken in favour of the burgh in its corporate name or of the Commissioners, as the case may be, and such titles shall be sufficient for vesting the subjects in the Commissioners and their successors in office.

(6.) The Commissioners shall also have full power and authority to make not only all necessary rules, orders, and regulations (which do not require to be confirmed by the sheriff), but also all byelaws they may deem proper (which require to be confirmed by the sheriff), in so far as the powers of this Act authorise the same; and to execute all the provisions of this Act, and otherwise to carry fully into effect all the objects and purposes by this Act committed to their charge:Provided always, that the rules, orders, and regulations, and the byelaws so to be made shall not be contrary to the law of Scotland, or to anything in this Act contained.

Actions by or against Commissioners, how to be brought.

56. Except as herein-after specially provided, all actions, suits or proceedings to be brought by or against the Commissioners shall be in their corporate name as Commissioners of the burgh, and it shall be lawful for the clerk to accept service on their behalf.

Two or more contiguous burghs may provide a hall and offices.

57. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of two or more contiguous or adjacent burghs, for the better accommodation of such burghs for the purposes of this Act, and for the general benefit of the inhabitants of such burghs, on such terms as such Commissioners may agree, to purchase and acquire lands and premises, and to build thereon a hall and offices, with all conveniences thereto, and from time to time to repair the same, and to employ proper persons to take charge thereof, with power to make byelaws to regulate the use of the same; and all official business transacted therein shall be as valid and effectual as if it was transacted within the boundaries of each of such burghs respectively: Provided that the title to the said subjects shall be taken in the corporate names of the Commissioners of such burghs; and such title shall be sufficient for vesting the said subjects in the Commissioners of such burghs; and should the Commissioners of such burghs resolve at any time to sell and dispose of the said subjects, or any part thereof, it shall be lawful for them to do so, provided that all such

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

411

burghs, through a majority of their respective Commissioners, agree to dispose of the said subjects, or any part thereof, but not otherwise.

58. The Commissioners, or any committee of their body there- Commissioners unto specially empowered, may contract with any person for

carrying into execution any of the operations hereby authorised; of Works. and such contract shall be made by the Commissioners in their corporate name, and signed and sealed as herein-before provided for.

59. The moneys arising from the assessments hereby authorised Property

to be levied, and all other property acquired by the Commissioners ve?te.d 00111 in pursuance of the powers hereby granted, shall be, and the same nms, ° are hereby vested in the Commissioners and their successors for the uses and purposes mentioned in this Act, and for no other purpose whatever.

60. In every case in which the Commissioners are empowered Applications by this Act to acquire land compulsorily under the Lands Clauses ^e^under Acts with the authority of the sheriff, they may present a petition i^ds Clauses to the sheriff praying that they, with reference to such lands Acts.

or premises, be authorised to put in force the powers of the said Acts with respect to the purchase and taking of lands or premises otherwise than by agreement, and along with the petition the Commissioners shall lodge a plan showing the road or roads or the street or streets to be improved, the lands or premises to be taken, and the contemplated improvement, and also a book of reference relative to the said plan specifying the names of the owners or reputed owners, lessees or reputed lessees, and occupiers of such lands or premises proposed to be taken, defining in each case the particular lands or premises to be taken; and the sheriff shall, upon any such petition being presented, direct intimation thereof, on fourteen days notice, to be given to the owners or reputed owners, lessees or reputed lessees, and occupiers of the respective lands or premises to be taken as aforesaid, and otherwise as the sheriff may direct, and of the time, place, and subject of the inquiry to be held in reference thereto, and he shall, upon the expiry of such notice, make such inquiry into the several matters stated in the petition and relative plan, and shall have power to call for such information from the Commissioners and others as he may consider necessary, and to do all such matters and things as may be expedient for the purposes of the inquiry, and grant a deliverance in accordance with the prayer of the petition, or with such modifications or alterations as may appear to him to be requisite, or he may refuse to grant the prayer thereof; and if power be granted to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts aforesaid, the Commissioners shall have the same rights in carrying out these Acts as if powers to that effect had been herein specially enacted so far as regards the lands and premises specified in the plans and proceedings, and in the deliverance of the sheriff aforesaid.

It shall be lawful for any owner or occupier whose property may be affected, or for the Commissioners, if dis-satisfied with the decision of the sheriff, to appeal to the Secretary for Scotland, who

r

412

Clerk to be appointed.

Clerk not to be concerned as agent, &c. in any prosecution under this Act

Treasurer and collector to be appointed.

Collector to lodge all moneys received by him in bank.

Ch. 55. Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

may order further inquiry or take such other step or steps as he may think desirable in the circumstances, and he may thereafter issue an order either in accordance with the prayer of the application or with such modifications or alterations as may appear to him to be requisite, and may make such order as he thinks fit in reference to the cost, charges, and expenses incurred in relation to such order.

Minutes and Accounts, Appointment of Clerk, Treasurer,

and Auditor.

61. The Commissioners shall appoint a clerk for keeping the records of the proceedings of the Commissioners and their committees, and for performing the other duties required of him by this Act; which records shall contain accurate minutes of the proceedings and orders of the Commissioners and their committees, and they, being signed by the preses of each respective meeting, or any copy or extract therefrom authenticated by the signature of the clerk, shall be received as evidence in all courts whatsoever, in any case or matter concerning this Act.

62. No such clerk, or the partner of any such clerk, or any person in the employ of such clerk or of his partner, shall act as agent or solicitor in the trial of any offence in the police court; and in the event of a contravention of this provision such clerk shall be thenceforth disqualified from holding any office whatever under this Act, and also from acting as a Commissioner under this Act.

63. The Commissioners shall in like manner elect and appoint a treasurer and a collector to act during their pleasure; and such collector and treasurer, before they shall be permitted to take upon them the execution of their office, shall respectively grant bond, with sufficient sureties, to the Commissioners, for their intromissions, and for the just and faithful execution of their office, to such an amount as the Commissioners shall think reasonable; and any collector or treasurer who may be convicted of wilfully secreting or not accounting to the Commissioners for any sum of money received by him as collector or treasurer shall forfeit triple the amount thereof to the Commissioners, besides being liable to be punished according to law, and to be deprived of the office.

64. The collector or treasurer shall be obliged to lodge all money received by him in a chartered or other bank, or in one of the branches of such bank in the burgh, to be fixed by the Commissioners, upon an account to be opened in the name of the Commissioners, in their corporate name, and to be operated upon by two of the Commissioners specially authorised to that effect, and the treasurer; and no drafts on the said account shall be made for any private purpose on any pretence whatever, nor for any other purpose than the payments which shall from time to time be authorised by the Commissioners or their committees for the purposes of this Act, as the same shall be certified by the clerk who shall countersign all cheques.

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

413

65. In case any treasurer or collector shall become insolvent, and the sums chargeable against him shall not have been paid by his cautioners or sureties, the amount deficient shall be chargeable against the next or any subsequent annual assessments.

66. The Commissioners may appoint the same person to be both treasurer and collector; but shall (saving the case of persons appointed prior to the passing of this Act) not appoint their clerk, or the partner of such clerk, or any person in the service or employ of such clerk, or of his partner, to be the treasurer; or appoint any person who may have been appointed treasurer, or the partner of such treasurer, or any person in the service or employ of such treasurer, or of his partner, to be the clerk to the Commissioners; and if any person shall accept both the offices of clerk and treasurer, or if any person being the partner of such clerk, or in the service or employ of such clerk or of his partner, shall accept the office of treasurer, or shall act as deputy of the treasurer, or in any manner officiate for the treasurer, or being the treasurer, or the partner of such treasurer, or in the service or employ of such treasurer or of his partner, shall accept the office of clerk, or shall act as deputy of such clerk, or if any treasurer shall hold any place of profit or trust under the Commissioners other than that of collector, every person so offending shall for every offence forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds to any person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full expenses, in the same manner as any of the penalties imposed by this Act may be sued for and recovered.

67. Accounts of all property, heritable and movable, vested in the Commissioners, showing the nature of such property, and of all money received and disbursed, shall be kept in books by the treasurer or collector in such form as the auditor of the Court of Session shall prescribe; and all such books of accounts may at all reasonable times, and on payment of a reasonable fee be inspected and perused by any person assessed, and also by any person entitled to any money due and owing on the credit of the assessments; and such persons may take copies of or extracts from any such books and accounts, on payment of a reasonable fee, the amount of such fee to be fixed by the auditor of the Court of Session; and any person in whose custody or power any such books and accounts are, who shall refuse inspection thereof, or to permit copies or extracts to be taken as aforesaid, shall be liable in a penalty not exceeding ten pounds; and in case any person who shall be assessed shall be dis-satisfied with any accounts which shall have been made up as herein provided, or with any of the items or articles contained in such accounts, such person may, at any time within three months after the accounts are approved by the Commissioners, complain against the same, by petition to the sheriff, in which complaint shall be specified the grounds of objection to such accounts, items, or articles; and the sheriff shall proceed to hear and determine the matter of such complaint, and his decision shall be final.

68. The Commissioners shall yearly cause to be made out a just and accurate account of all the moneys received and expended

On insolvency of treasurers or collectors, deficiency may be assessed.

Treasurer and collector may be the same person, but clerk and treasurer not to be the same person.

Books of accounts to be kept by Commissioners.

Account of receipt and application of

414

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) A, 1892. 55 & 56 VICT.

moneys to be made out by Commissioners and printed.

Auditor to be appointed by sheriff.

Auditor to report.

Commissioners not to hold places of profit under Act.

in the execution of this Act, for the year ending on the fifteenth day of May immediately preceding, showing from what sources such moneys have been received, and to what purposes the same have been laid out and applied; which account, as the same shall have been audited, as herein-after provided, shall be laid before a meeting to be held on the second Tuesday in July in each year, or at a meeting to be held for the special purpose as soon thereafter as may be, and shall, if and as approved by the Commissioners, be signed by the preses of said meeting and the clerk, and shall be deposited with the clerk, who shall forthwith cause such account or an abstract thereof to be printed, and shall permit any person assessed under this Act to inspect and examine such account at all reasonable times, without payment of any fee or reward for such inspection.

69. The sheriff shall annually, on the application of the Commissioners, appoint an auditor, for the purpose of auditing their accounts; and in case the office of such auditor shall, before such accounts are audited by him, become vacant by death or from any other cause, the sheriff shall appoint an auditor to supply such vacancy.

70. The Commissioners shall deliver to the auditor, within one month after the said fifteenth day of May annually, all the accounts, together with their books and vouchers; and it shall be the duty of the auditor to audit such accounts, and either make a special report thereon, or simply confirm the same; and such report or confirmation shall be read at the foresaid meeting; and if any question arise in regard to any item in such accounts the matter shall be disposed of by the sheriff in the same manner as appeals from the auditor of the sheriff court are disposed of, and in all cases where the sum in dispute is less than the sum of twenty-five pounds, his decision shall be final, and where the sum in dispute exceeds the sum of twenty-five pounds there shall be the same right of appeal as in ordinary actions in the sheriff court: Provided always, that it shall not be competent to raise any such question before the sheriff after the lapse of three months from the date of the meeting at which the auditor's report is received.

71. No magistrate, town councillor, or Commissioner shall, directly or indirectly, derive any emolument or profit from any business or work performed by him under this Act; nor shall he be capable of enjoying any office of profit to be created or established by virtue of this Act, or of holding any share or interest in any contract relating to the execution thereof, or of standing as a candidate for any such office, or of being a competitor for any such contract, save and except contracts entered into with any chartered or joint stock company of which such Commissioner may be a partner; and any Commissioner who shall act in contravention of this section shall, ipso facto, cease to be a Commissioner, and the sheriff, at the instance of any householder within the burgh, may declare the office of such Commissioner to be vacant, and may inflict a fine upon him not exceeding one hundred pounds.

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland), 1892. Ch. 55.

415

72. Where any councillor or Commissioner vacates his office Commissioners as such either voluntarily or under any statutory provision, such t^S^her councillor or Commissioner shall cease to hold any office, whether municipal that of magistrate or otherwise, which lie may hold or has been offices, appointed to in virtue of his being a councillor or Commissioner; and the place of such magistrate or officer shall be filled in the manner provided in section twenty-five of the Act third and fourth William the Fourth, chapter seventy-six, and section twenty-three of the Act third and fourth William the Fourth, chapter seventy-seven.

Surveyor, Inspector, and Medical Officer of Health.

73. The Commissioners shall from time to time appoint a person Surveyor, duly qualified to act as a surveyor of the paving and drainage and

other works authorised under the provisions of this Act, and who shall be called the burgh surveyor.

74. The Commissioners may appoint an inspector of cleansing inspector of to superintend and enforce the due execution of all duties to be cleansing, performed by the scavengers appointed under this Act, and to

report to the Commissioners any breach of the provisions of this Act, or other Acts or byelaws herein referred to, and the Commissioners shall duly publish the name of any inspector of cleansing appointed by them, and shall require him to provide and keep a book, in which shall be entered all reasonable complaints made by any inhabitant of the burgh of any breach of the provisions of this Act, or of the byelaws made by the Commissioners, and the inspector of cleansing shall forthwith inquire into the truth of such complaints, and report upon the same to the Commissioners at their next meeting; and such report, and the order of the Commissioners thereon, shall be entered in the said book, which shall be kept at the office of the Commissioners, and shall be open at all reasonable times to the inspection of any householder, elector of the burgh, or other person interested, and the Commissioners may also appoint an inspector of lighting.

75. The Commissioners shall appoint a sanitary inspector, subject Sanitary to the provisions of the Public Health Acts, whose duty it shall be inspector, to superintend and enforce the sanitary provisions of 6uch Acts and this Act.

76. The Commissioners may, if they think fit, appoint the same Same person person to fill any two or more of the offices in the three immediately maybe Bar-

* t i J veyorand

preceding sections mentioned. inspector.

77. — (1.) The Commissioners shall appoint a medical officer of Medical officer health who shall be a registered medical practitioner, and who shall of hea, tb-also, if appointed after the fifteenth day of May, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four, be registered on the Medical Register as

the holder of a diploma in sanitary science, public health, or state medicine, under section twenty-one of the Medical Act, 1886.

(2.) It shall be the duty of the medical officer to ascertain the existence of disease within the limits appointed to him, especially

416

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) A, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Appointment of chief constable and of cou.stables.

of all infectious diseases, and to point out any local causes likely to occasion or continue such diseases, or otherwise injure the health of the inhabitants, and to point out the best means of checking or preventing the spread of such diseases, and from time to time, as required by the Commissioners, to report to them upon the matters aforesaid, and to perform any other duties of a like nature which may be required of him, as well as all duties pertaining to medical officers under the Public Health Acts.

(3.) The Commissioners shall make byelaws for regulating the duties of the medical officer of health and the sanitary inspector, subject to the approval of the Board of Supervision, in manner provided by the Public Health Acts. The burgh surveyor, inspector of cleansing, inspector of lighting, sanitary inspector, and medical officer of health shall hold office during the pleasure of the Commissioners, but as regards the two last-mentioned officers subject to the provisions of section fifty-four of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889.

PART III.

POLICE FORCE.

Chief Constable and Constables.

78. The Commissioners of burghs which, at the date of the last census, had a population of not less than seven thousand, and at the date of the passing of this Act maintain a separate police force, and of burghs which, at the date of the last census, had a population of not less than twenty thousand, and of any burgh with respect to which it shall be at any time proved to the satisfaction of the sheriff on the application of the Commissioners of such burgh that it has a population of not less than twenty thousand, shall from time to time appoint a chief constable, at a fixed annual salary, who shall not be removable or subject to have his salary diminished by the Commissioners, unless with the approbation of the chief magistrate of the burgh and the sheriff, or, in case of their differing in opinion, of the Secretary for Scotland, but may be suspended by the magistrates with consent of the sheriff for a definite period pending any inquiry instituted with a view to his removal; and as often as such Commissioners shall fix the number of constables which they shall judge to be necessary for the burgh, and the rank and designation of such constables, the said chief constable shall appoint proper persons for the duty, subject (so long as any contribution is made from public funds towards the expenses of the police force of the burgh) to such regulations as may be made from time to time by the Secretary for Scotland, and shall have power to direct their distribution within the burgh, and to suspend or remove them at pleasure; and the chief constable may also be appointed to any one or more of the offices of burgh prosecutor, burgh surveyor, inspector of cleansing, inspector of lighting, sanitary inspector, and fire master.

1892.

Burgh Police (Scoila'ad), 1892. Ch. 55.

417

It shall be lawful to appoint the same person to be chief constable for two or more adjoining burghs, whether situated in one or more counties, if the Commissioners of such burghs shall agree to join in such appointment; and the chief constable of a burgh may, if the Commissioners shall agree to join in such appointment, be appointed, by the standing joint committee of the county, chief constable of the county in which such burgh is wholly or partly situated, or of any county closely adjacent; and the chief constable of a county or any superintendent of a division of the county may, if the standing joint committee of the county shall agree to join in such appointment, be appointed chief constable of any burgh situated within or closely adjacent to such county or division of a county; and in like manner it shall be lawful for the chief constable of a county, with the sanction of the standing joint committee, to appoint the chief constable of any burgh, situated within or closely adjacent to any division of the county, to be superintendent at the head of the constables of such division of the county, if the Commissioners of the burgh shall agree to join in such appointment.

Provided that nothing herein contained shall be taken to prevent the consolidation of county and burgh police establishments in terms of the Police Act, 1857, and the provisions of the said Act as regards consolidation shall apply to all burghs which, at or after the passing of thi3 Act, have, or are entitled to have, a separate police force.

If the Commissioners fail of their own accord, or on the requisition of the sheriff of the county, within three months after such requisition, to appoint a chief constable, or to fix the number of constables for the burgh, or should the chief constable, if appointed fail from any cause to appoint a sufficient number of constables for the burgh, the sheriff shall in any such case make a representation to the Secretary for Scotland, who shall inquire and report thereon to Her Majesty in Council; and it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, with the advice of Her Privy Council, by Order in Council, to ordain the Commissioners of such burgh to appoint a chief constable, and to fix the number of constables for the burgh, and otherwise to give effect to this enactment. The police of the burgh, so long as it is reported efficient by Her Majesty's Inspector of Constabulary for Scotland, shall be certified and treated as an efficient police force under the Police Act, 1857, and for the purposes of that Act the burgh shall not be deemed to form part of the county in which it is situated.

For the purposes of this section the burgh of Renfrew, and the police burgh of Lerwick, shall be deemed each to have had at the date of the last census a population of not less than seven thousand.

79. The chief constable and other constables so appointed shall before a magistrate make the following declaration, videlicet, " I hereby do solemnly, sincerely, and truly declare and affirm 4‘ that I will faithfully discharge the duties of the office of constable."

Dd

Declaration by constables.

418

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) A, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Powers of 80. The clvef constable and constables shall have all the powers

constables. an(j privileges which any constable or police officer duly appointed has, by virtue of the common law or by statute, in the burgh for which they are so appointed, and in any county in which such burgh is wholly or partly situated, and in any burgh contiguous or adjacent to such burgh, and in any harbour, bay, loch, or anchorage within or adjoining such burgh or county.

Police arrange- 81. All other burghs shall be supplied with constables by ments for other counties in which they are situated, under the provisions of

e ' the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889, or in the option of

the commissioners of the burgh under the provisions herein-after contained, and in the latter case the chief constable of the county, in making his arrangements for distributing the constables within the county, shall, on the requisition of the Commissioners of such burghs, appoint as constables for the burgh all or any one or more of the county constables, who in virtue of such appointment shall, in addition to the powers of, and duties incumbent on them as county constables under the Police Act, 1857, have all the powers of, and shall perform all the duties incumbent on them as constables under this Act; and such chief constable shall also appoint one of the said constables to be stationed in the burgh, and to hold l he position of chief officer of police in the burgh; and such chief officer of police shall, for the purposes of this Act, and subject to the control and orders of such chief constable, and of any officers having by special authority of such chit f constable the duty of supervising the constabulary force stationed within the burgh (but only so long as his appointment by the chief constable continues in force), hold the position of chief constable in the burgh, and possess all the powers (except that of appointing, distributing, suspending, removing, or imposing fines on constables), and be entitled to act in all other respects as other chief constables appointed by the Commissioners under this Act, and all the pow ers and authority conferred on chief constables appointed by the Commissioners under this Act shall be held, and may at his pleasure be exercised by the chief constable of the county, and by any officers having special authority as aforesaid; and the . expenses to be incurred in cari ying out this arrangement shall be borne and disbursed by the county council of the county; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of si.ch burghs from time to time during pleasure, with the consent of the standing joint committee of the county, to appoint such ihief officer of police to any office in the burgh which it would be competent for the chief constable of a burgh to hold; and it shall also be lawful for the Commissioners of such burghs, and they are hereby required, to contract with and agree to pay out of the burgh general assessment to the county council of the county in which the burgh is situated, such sums as may from time to time be found requisite for the constabulary service within the burgh, as the same may be agreed on between them.1 elves and the standing joint committee of the county, or failing such agreement as aforesaid as shall be fixed by the sheriff after hearing parties, and wrhose decision shall be final, and the expense defrayed by the county council under the

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

419

two heads of general expenditure and local expenditure for the police in the said burgh shall be paid to the county treasurer out of the burgh general assessment, which payment shall be regulated and determined in accordance with the provisions of section fifty-nine of the Police Act, 1857, and so long as the sums, either fixed by agreement or determined as aforesaid, are duly paid by the Commissioners of such burghs, all the powers to assess for the purposes of the said Police Act, 1857, within the burgh for which the same are paid shall be suspended; and the chief magistrate of such burgh shall be ex-officio a justice of the peace, and a Commissioner of Supply, of each and all of the several counties in which any part of such burgh may he situate; and so long as such contract or arrangement subsists, it shall be lawful to act upon it, although the population may, according to the last census for the time, amount to twenty thousand or upwards; but without prejudice, in that event, but in that event only, to the Commissioners terminating the contract, after twelve months' notice, and themselves appointing a chief constable, and having constables, as in the case of burghs having a population of twenty thousand or upwards, in which case all the powers of assessment within the burgh for the purposes of the said Act shall thereafter cease and determine.

Provided always that section seventy-three of the Police Act,

1857, shall from and after the commencement of this Act be read and construed as if after the words "any burgh being a royal or parliamentary burgh or burgh of barony or regality " therein occuriing the words "or police burgh " were therein added.

82. Where in any burgh there is, during part of the year, a large Additional increase of the population, either for the purposes of trade or for "Stables recreation and health, whereby, or for any other reason, it is neces- for burghs sary or expedient to have an additional number of constables in temporarily, such burgh, it shall be lawful for the chief constable of the county in which such burgh is situated, or of any other county, with the consent of the standing joint committee of the county, or the chief constable of any other burgh, with the consent of the magistrates, on the application of the Commissioners of such burgh, accompanied, if so required, with a satisfactory undertaking to pay the expenses after mentioned, to direct the constabhs of such county or burgh respectively to proceed to and act temporarily as constables in such burgh; and such constables, during the time they are so doing duty in such burgh, shall have all the powers and perform all the duties of constables in such burgh; and the expenses to be incurred in sending the constables to, and bringing them back from, such burgh, and the remuneration for the services of the constables, and all expenses incident to such services, shall form a charge against such burgh, and the Commissioners thereof shall pay the same out of the burgh general assessment of such burgh; and in case of dispute, the amount thereof shall be ascertained and fixed by the sheriff in a summary manner, w'hose decision shall be final.

Provided that the chief constable of any burgh may, with the sanction of the chief magistrate, appoint additional constables to act within such burgh on any special occasion or for such period

Dd 2

420

Ch. 55.

Burgh, Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56. Vict.

Power to

detach con's tables to other places.

Constables may execute ^warrants.

Constables to account for fees.

Duties of chief constable and 'Constables.

for which such additional constables may be deemed by him to be necessary, and such additional constables so appointed shall have all the powers of police constables.

83. On the requisition of the sheriff of any county or chief magistrate of any burgh in Scotland, the chief constable of any burgh or chief constable of any county shall, if so directed by the magistrates of the burgh or the standing joint committee of the county respectively, or in case of urgency by the acting chief magistrate or the chairman of the standing joint committee respectively, detach constables to act in other counties or burghs, guarantee being obtained for outlay and expense, and also a reasonable sum for the services of the constables, and also for provision in case of constables being injured or killed; and during the time they are so doing duty in other counties or burghs, the constables shall have all the powers and perform all the duties of the constables in such counties or burghs respectively; and further, on the requisition or order of the Secretary for Scotland, the chief constable of any burgh or the chief constable of any county shall have power to supply a certain portion of the police force under his charge for any special or temporary duty or service elsewhere within Scotland, the proportion from any one force not to exceed ten per centum, and the expense to be defrayed by the force requiring the extra police assistance.

84. All warrants and deliverances by any Lord Commissioner of Justiciary, sheriff, magistrate, justice or justices, court, or other lawful authority which may be issued in any criminal proceeding may be served and executed, and all services, citations, and executions in any such criminal proceeding may be made and given by the chief constable or by any constable appointed under this Act.

85. It shall not be lawful for any constable acting under this Act to receive for his own use any fee for the performance of any act done by him in the execution of his duty as such constable; but this enactment shall not extend to prevent the receipt by any such constable of any fee or other payment which he may be liable to account for or pay over to the Commissioners, or otherwise fof the use of the burgh.

86. It shall be the duty of the chief constable, and of the constables to be appointed by him, to guard, patrol, and watch within the burgh, according to the regulations to be prescribed by the chief constable, under the control of the Commissioners; and it shall be lawful for the said chief constable, or any constable of police, without any other warrant than this Act, to apprehend and to bring before the magistrates of police all persons actually committing any criminal, riotous, or disorderly act, or accused or suspected of having committed crimes, delinquencies, or offences, of whatsoever description, and at what place and period soever the same may have been or are suspected to have been committed, whether the same be of such a kind as can be competently tried before the magistrates of

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotlan) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

421

police, or be of a nature requiring to be remitted for trial before another tribunal, or which, from having been committed beyond the bounds of the burgh, fall to be tried in another jurisdiction; and the chief constable and constables shall obey the orders of the magistrates, and at all times afford their aid and assistance to the magistrates, and to all other judges and magistrates having jurisdiction ^ithin the burgh, in all matters relating to the preservation of peace and good order, the suppression of nuisances, and the removal of obstructions within the burgh, and shall enforce the observance of all byelaws, orders, rules, and regulations made or to be made by the Commissioners, and they shall give attendance at the police courts of the burgh, and, when required, at all meetings of the Commissioners or their committees, and furnish them with all explanations relating to matters falling within their several departments of duty.

87. Every person who shall at any time resist, obstruct, or molest any constable in the execution of his duty, or shall aid or incite any person so to do, shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds, or to imprisonment without the option of a penalty for a period not exceeding sixty days; and if any person shall assault or strike any such constable employed as aforesaid, or rescue or attempt to rescue, or aid or incite any person to rescue or attempt to rescue any prisoner whom any such constable shall have in custody, or be aiding to secure, such person so offending shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding ten pounds, or to imprisonment without the option of a penalty for a period not exceeding sixty days, without prejudice to any constable or other person on whom such assault or offence may have been committed to sue in any competent court for compensation, damages, or expenses for any injury or loss he may thereby have sustained.

88. No constable shall resign his office, or withdraw himself from the duties thereof, unless expressly allowed so to do in writing by the magistrates or by the chief constable, or until he has given to the chief constable one month's notice; and every constable who so resigns or withdraws himself without such leave or notice shall be liable to forfeit all arrears of pay then due to him, and, on conviction before a magistrate, to a penalty not exceeding five pounds, or to imprisonment for a period not exceeding fourteen days without the option of a fine.

89. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners to fix and appoint suitable wages to the constables and other persons employed by them, to pay the necessary expenses incurred by them in the execution of the duty of their respective offices, and to reward them for meritorious services, and also to make provision for any chief constable, constable, or other servant of the establishment employed for any of the purposes of this Act to whom the Police (Scotland) Act, 1890, does not apply, and who may at any time be disabled in or after long service be unfitted for the execution of his duty, or for the widow or family of such constable wTho may lose his life in the execution of his duty.

Penalty on persons obstructing constables in their duty.

Constables not to resign without leave or notice.

Commissioners to fix salaries of constables.

r

422

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Chief constable may appoint temporary substitute.

Constables dismissed to deliver up accoutrements.

Penalty for unlawful possession of accoutrements, or for assuming the dress of constables.

Penalty for neglect of duty.

Provisions relating to harbour police not affected.

Saving of 53 & 54 Vict. c. G7.

Magistrates may appoint special constables.

90. The chief constable, with the consent of the magistrates,

may from time to time appoint any constable to act as chief officer of police in his stead during any temporary absence or any illness, with power to act in case of his death until the appointment of his successor, but the Commissioners may, if they think fit, supersede any constable so appointed and may appoint some other person.

91. Every constable who is dismissed from, or ceases to hold or exercise his office, shall forthwith deliver over to the chief constable, or to such person, find at such time and place, as the chief constable shall direct, all the clothing, accoutrements, appointments, and other necessaries which have been supplied to him for the execution of his duty, under pain of imprisonment, for any period not exceeding one month; and the magistrate may grant warrant to search for and seize all such clothing, accoutrements, appointments, and other necessaries not so delivered over, wherever the same are found.

92. Every person who, not being at the time a constable appointed under this Act, has in his possession any article being part of the clothing, accoutrements, or appointments supplied to any such constable, and who is not able satisfactorily to account for his possession thereof, or who puts on the dress, or takes the name, designation, or character of any person appointed as such constable, for the purpose of thereby obtaining admission into any house or other place, or of doing or procuring to be done any act which such person would not be entitled to do or procure to be done of his own authority, or for any other unlawful purpose, shall, in addition to any other punishment to which he is liable for such offence, be liable to a penalty not exceeding ten pounds.

93. Every constable who is guilty of any neglect or violation of his duty as a constable, and is convicted thereof before a magistrate, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding ten pounds, the amount of which penalty may be deducted from the salary or wages due, or to become due to him, or payment thereof may be enforced like other penalties, or, at the discretion of the magistrate before whom he is convicted, he may be imprisoned for any period not exceeding sixty days.

94. Nothing in this Act shall alter or affect or interfere with the provisions relating to the harbour police contained in any Act authorising the construction or improvement or maintenance of a harbour, or any Act amending the same.

95. Nothing in this Act shall prejudice or affect the provisions of the Police (Scotland) Act, 1890.

Special Constables.

96. For the purpose of aiding the police constables on occasions of emergency, and for suppressing or preventing tumult or riot, the magistrates may from time to time appoint any of the owners or occupiers of lands or premises, or other person residing within

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotlan) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

423

the burgh, between the ages of twenty and fifty, to act as special constables for a period not exceeding six months, and may recall such appointment at pleasure, and the special constables so appointed shall have the same powers and privileges ns constables of police appointed and acting under this Act.

97. A roll of the names and addresses of all special constables shall be kept by the chief constable, and the expenses of providing them with batons, or otherwise equipping, training, and employing them, shall be paid by the Commissioners out of the burgh general assessment.

98. Every special constable shall, when on duty, bo under the direction of the chief constable, but the magistrates may make such regulations for their organisation and training as they think proper.

PART IV.

POLICE ADMINISTRATION.

Lighting.

99. The Commissioners shall make provision for lighting in a suitable manner all the streets, and all other places within the burgh which in their judgment should be lighted at the public expense, and shall provide, erect, and maintain such a number of lamps, lamp posts, and lamp irons, and other appurtenances, as may be necessary for that purpose, and shall light, or shall enter into contracts for lighting, and cause to be lighted, such lamps by means of gas, or such other light of an improved kind, subject to the provisions of the Electric Lighting Act, 1882, or any Act or Acts amending or superseding the same, as they may find expedient; and the Commissioners are hereby authorised to order the lamp irons, lamp posts, and lamps to be fixed, either upon the sides of the causeways, streets, and roads, or upon the kerbstones of the pavements or footways, or at or upon the rails or in or upon the walls or buildings on the sides of the streets, as they shall think proper, without being liable to any claim for compensation thereanent. The Gasworks Clauses Act, 1847, the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, the Gasworks Clauses Act, 1871, and the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act (1870) Amendment Act, 1873, and any Act amending the said Acts, shall, except in or so far as they are expressly varied by this Act, be incorporated with this Act; and the expression "the undertakers " in the said Acts shall mean the Commissioners.

100. It shall be lawful for anyone who shall see any person take away, or wilfully break, throw down, or damage any lamp or lamp post, or wilfully extinguish the light, or damage the iron or appurtenances of any lamp, to seize and apprehend him, and for any person to assist in seizing the offender, and by the authority of this Act, without any other warrant, to convey such offender to the police office, or to deliver him into the custody of a police officer, watchman, or constable or other officer, in order to be secured and taken before a magistrate; and if the person accused of such offence,

Boll of special constables to be kept.

Special constables on duty to be under chief constable.

Streets to be lighted.

Penalty for wilfully breaking lamps.

424

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Ac, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict,

Persons accidentally breaking lamps to repair the damage.

Price to be paid for gas to be ascertained in case of dispute.

Gas to be tested.

Lighting of common stairs, &c.

whether apprehended as aforesaid or afterwards cited for the same, shall be convicted thereof, he shall forfeit a sum not exceeding ten pounds for every such offence, and moreover shall pay such further sum as the magistrate may assess as the amount of the damage done by him, and the payment of such damage shall be enforced in the same way as if it were an additional penalty.

101. If a person shall, through negligence or accident, break any lamp set up in any street, or in any common stair or passage, or private court, and shall not, upon demand, make satisfaction for such damage, it shall be lawful for any of the magistrates, upon complaint thereof being established in the police court, under the summary procedure authorised by this Act, to order such sum of money to be paid as the damage proved shall amount to, which sum shall be recoverable as a civil debt.

102. If the Commissioners and the owners of any works authorised by Act of Parliament to supply gas or other light within the burgh, and with whom the Commissioners shall be desirous of contracting, shall not agree as to the terms and conditions of the supply, and as to the price to be paid for such supply, then such terms and conditions and price shall be settled by arbitration; and for that purpose the clauses of the Lands Clauses Acts, with respect to the settlement of disputes by arbitration, shall be, and are hereby, incorporated with this Act, and the expression "the promoters" in the said Acts shall, in reference to this Act, mean the Commissioners:Provided always, that this enactment shall not apply to any burgh where the supply of gas for public lamps is regulated by a Local Act if the provisions of such Local Act are inconsistent with this enactment.

103. In order to secure a uniform supply of good gas in the burgh, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, where the gas is not supplied by them, after intimation to the manufacturers of the gas supplied within the burgh, to provide suitable places and instruments for testing the quality and illuminating power of the gas supplied within the burgh; and tests shall be made as often as may be necessary to obtain a fair and true test of the quality and illuminating power of the gas, and the results of such tests shall be final and conclusive of such quality and illuminating power when the tests were so made; and where the gas supplied within the burgh is manufactured by the Commissioners, they shall be bound to provide suitable places and instruments for testing the quality and illuminating power of the gas supplied by them within the burgh, and to publish the results at least once a month. Provided always that the person to make the tests shall be appointed by the sheriff on the application of the Commissioners, or any seven electors or ratepayers in the burgh, after such notice of the application and after such inquiry as to the sheriff' shall seem proper; and the whole expense to be incurred in carrying out this enactment shall be defrayed by the Commissioners out of the burgh general assessment.

104. The owner or owners of common stairs or passages or private courts, or of lands or premises having a right of access by

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

425

any common stair or passage or private court, shall provide, fit up, and maintain, and renew, in such common stairs, passages, or private courts, all necessary lamps, brackets, and other means of lighting, and all necessary means of extinguishing the light, and shall provide the necessary supply of gas or other light therefor; and such owner or owners shall further, on being required by the Commissioners, within seven days next after the service of an order for that purpose, provide and fit up in such common stairs, passages, or private courts, such number of lamps, brackets, and other means of lighting, and all such means of extinguishing the light as the Commissioners may determine, and provide the necessary supply of gas or other light, as may be required by the Commissioners, and shall maintain, alter, repair, and renew such lamps and brackets to the satisfaction of the Commissioners, and in default of compliance with any order of the Commissioners under this section, such owner or owners shall, each only in respect of any act or default of his own, be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings, and a daily penalty of a like amount:

Provided always, that the owner or owners so providing a supply of gas or other light shall be entitled to recover the amount expended by such owner or owners in providing such supply from the occupiers of every such house or building in, or entering or having access by the common stair, passage, or court, each such occupier being liable to pay his proportionate part of such amount according to the rent payable by each such occupier respectively:Provided further, that the occupier or occupiers shall in all cases clean, light, and extinguish the lights, at such time or times as shall be ordered by the Commissioners by any resolution passed by them and published once weekly for at least two weeks in some newspaper published or circulating in the burgh; and any occupier failing to comply with any such order or resolution shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings, and to a daily penalty of like amount.

105. The Commissioners may at any time, and from time to Power to Corn-time as they think fit, provide, fit up, and maintain and renew, in missionew to such common courts, passages, or private courts, as they may and harg^ consider to be insufficiently lighted, all necessary lamps, brackets, owner, and other means of lighting, and all necessary means of extinguishing the light, and provide the necessary supply of gas or other light therefor, and by their inspector of lighting, or any other officer or servant of the Commissioners, clean any lamps and brackets, and light and extinguish the same, and for all purposes aforesaid the inspector of lighting, or any other officer or servant of the Commissioners, shall be entitled to require and shall have access to and from all such commom stairs, passages, or private courts at all times, and the Commissioners may, in such cases as they think fit, recover the expense they may incur as a debt from the owner, or if there are more owners than one, then proportionately from each owner according to the rental of the properties of each owner in any house or building or part thereof, to which access is obtained by such common stair, passage, or private court, and such owner or owners shall be entitled to recover the amount expended in providing the supply of ga; or other light from the occupiers, each such occupier being liable to pay his proportionate

426

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) A, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Commissioners may remove, &c. lamp post, &c. where not lighted according to regulations.

Dust, &c. collected to be vested in Commissioners.

Commissioners may provide hinds, &c. for deposit of soil and materials.

part of such amount according to the rent payable by him: Provided always, that the said expense, recoverable by the Commissioners as aforesaid, shall not in the case of common stair lighting exceed twenty shillings per burner per annum, and in the case of all other lighting exceed twenty-five shillings per burner per annum.

106. If the Commissioners shall have given permission to any person to erect any lamp posts, lamp globes, gas fittings, or other articles, and if the same shall not be kept lighted, or otherwise disposed, according to the orders or regulations of the Commissioners, the Commissioners may take possession of or remove the same without compensation being made therefor:Provided always, that any such lamp posts, lamp globes, gas fittings, or other articles so removed shall be delivered up to the owner thereof, in the event of his claiming the same, within six months after such removal, and paying all costs and expenses attending the removal and preservation of the same.

Cleansing.

107. The dust, night soil, dung, ashe?, rubbish, filth, and manure, including slaughter-house manure, whether such slaughterhouse is or is not the property of the Commissioners (excepting always cattle dung, mill dust, and the ashes of any kiln, engine, furnace, baker's oven, or the clinkers of any stove, and the refuse of any breweries, tanworks, soap, or chemical or other work), within the burgh, shall be vested in the Commissioners, who shall have power to sell and dispose of the same as they think proper, and the money arising therefrom shall be applied to the general purposes of this Act; and the Commissioners shall cause all the streets and footpaths from time to time to be properly swept and cleansed, and all the dust, night soil, dung, ashes, rubbish, filth, and manure which is found on them, or in privies, sewers, cesspools, houses, or other premises, to be collected and removed at such convenient hours and times as they shall consider proper; and in all cases where there is insufficent access for a cart or wheel-barrow to the dungstead, ashpit, or privy, the owner shall be bound to provide such access to the satisfaction of the Commissioners, and, failing his doing so, he shall be bound to pay the extra expenses of the removal as the same shall be fixed by the Commissioners, and the same shall be recoverable as a private improvement assessment

108. The Commissioners may from time to time provide places convenient for the deposit, treatment, and disposal of the dust, night soil, dung, ashes, rubbish, filth, and manure to be collected under the authority of this Act, and for stabling and keeping all horses, carts, implements, and other things required for the purposes of this Act; and for any of such purposes the Commissioners may purchase or hire any lands or premises by them considered necessary, either within or beyond the boundaries of the burgh, and may for this purpose acquire the said lands and premises otherwise than by agreement under the provisions of the Lands Clauses Acts with the authority of the Board of Supervision in the manner herein-before provided, or they may cause any new buildings, machinery, appliances, and plant to be erected and provided upon

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

427

any lands which si)all be purchased or hired by them under the provisions of this Act.

109. The Commissioners may cause carts, having a covering Removal of proper to prevent the escape of the contents thereof, to pass through Mother any street or district every morning between such hours as may refuse.

be fixed by the Commissioners for the purpose of collecting and removing the dust, ashes, and other material composing the burgh refuse from the lands and premises in and adjoining such street or district; and may by public notice in one or more newspapers published or circulating in the burgh, or by handbills posted in such street or district, require the occupiers of lands and premises within and adjoining such street or district to cause all their dust, ashes, and other material composing the burgh refuse to be deposited in a suitable box to be approved of by the inspector of cleansing, and placed daily on the outer side of the foot pavement opposite the lands and premises occupied by them, or at such other place near thereto as the inspector of cleansing shall appoint, not later than the time fixed as aforesaid; and when such daily service is in operation in any such street or district, the Commissioners may direct any ashpit in connexion with the lands and premises in or adjoining such street or district to be shut up or removed; and every occupier failing to comply with such notice shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding ten shillings for each offence.

110. Tiie Commissioners may erect or continue public water- Public con-closets or earth closets, and latrines and urinals, in suitable places, veniences. and may place movable or fixed boxes for the temporary deposit of

street sweepings in any of the streets in such situations as shall, in the opinion of the Commissioners, cause the least inconvenience or nuisance, and may defray the expense thereof and of keeping the same in good order.

111. The Commissioners shall, as often as in their opinion Streets to be occasion requires, cause the streets to be watered, and they may ^"[*gred, "Dg contract with any water company or person for a supply of water &c. provided! for that purpose, and for cleansing the sewers and drains; and if necessary they may place pipes, conduits, and pumps in any such

streets, or provide any other works and engines proper for that purpose, and remove and alter the same when and as they think proper.

112. The Commissioners shall employ a sufficient number of Scavengers, scavengers, or contract with any person for sweeping, cleansing,

and watering the streets, including the foot-pavements, and for removing all dust, ashes, rubbish, and filth therefrom, and for emptying privies and cesspools in the manner by this Act directed; and every such contractor who in any instance fails to discharge any duty imposed on him by his contract shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

113. Every person who refuses to permit the scavengers to Penalty for remove such dirt, ashes, or rubbish as by this Act they are authorised to do, or who obstructs the scavengers in the performance of

428

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Ac, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Penalty on persons other than scavengers removing dirt.

Sweeping and washing of common stairs

Sweeping and washing of common passages.

Foot pavements to be awept by occupier.

their duty, shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

114. Every person other than the person employed by the Commissioners, or by some person contracting with the Commissioners for that purpose, who collects or carries away any dung, night soil, dust, ashes, rubbish, or filth by this Act directed to be collected or removed by the Commissioners, or by persons employed by them, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings for every such offence.

115. The occupiers of every house, flat, or storey having entrance by a common stair shall cause the landing and the stair immediately below the flat or storey possessed by them to be kept clean to the satisfaction of the sanitary inspector. If any flat or storey of the tenement be unoccupied, the occupiers of the flats or storeys above shall cause the landings and stairs below, leading to such empty flat or storey, to be kept clean and washed downwards to the next house which shall be occupied, and if the top flat or storey be unoccupied, then the stair leading thereto shall be kept clean by the occupier of the flat or storey immediately below such top flat or storey; and any watercloset or other closet used in common, and any passage or continuation of a passage to any area, back green, or any ground used in common, shall be kept clean and washed by the occupiers of the several houses in such tenement in weekly rotation; and all areas and common passages leading to cellars shall be cleansed weekly by the occupiers of the cellars in the same, or by parties having a right to use such areas or passages, or who shall use such areas or passages. In cases where the common stair enters from or off a street (public or private) above, the occupiers of every house, flat, or storey shall keep clean the passage and stair from such street or flat immediately above them downwards to the house, flat, or storey possessed by them, and also cleanse any area or any passage leading to any ground or back green connected therewith; and if any flat or storey of the tenement be unoccupied, the occupiers of the flats or houses occupied shall keep clean the stair and passages upwards to such street, and clean the area, if there be one, or to the next house that shall be occupied; and owners or persons having charge of houses or buildings shall clean out unoccupied cellars and apartments. The occupiers of every house or building having entrance from a common passage shall, in weekly rotation, cause such passage and steps to the street to be kept clean:Provided always, that where there is no house or other occupied building having entrance from such passage, the duty of keeping clean the passage and steps to such street shall devolve upon the occupiers of the several flats above, in weekly rotation. Every person failing in any of the above matters shall for each offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding five shillings.

116. The Commissioners shall keep properly swept and cleansed the foot pavement of every street, so far as is reasonably practicable, and shall collect and remove from the said foot pavements.

1892. Burgh Police (Scotland), 1892. Ch. 55.

so far as is reasonably practicable, all dust, ashes, rubbish, filth, and snow.

117. The owners of all common stairs aad common passages shall whitewash or, at the option of the owner, paint the same once every year if required to do so by the sanitary inspector, and the owners of all premises occupied as dwelling-houses let for shorter periods than six months shall whitewash such premises, and every part and pertinent thereof, to the satisfaction of the sanitary inspector, once every year, if required to do so by such officer; and any such owner failing to do so shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings.

118. It shall be lawful, at all reasonable times, for the burgh surveyor, inspector of cleansing, medical officer of health, and sanitary inspector, to enter all dwelling-houses and other premises, and their pertinents, where he has reason to believe that they are not in a cleanly condition, and to cleanse and purify the same, and to remove any filth therefrom, at the expense of the owner of such dwelling-houses and other premises if they are unoccupied, but if they are occupied then at the expense of the occupier: Provided always, that if the owner or occupier of such dwelling-house or other premises shall object to the entrance of such surveyor, medical officer, or inspectors as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for such surveyor, medical officer, or inspectors, to enter without a warrant from the magistrate authorising him to do so, and the magistrate is hereby authorised to grant such warrant.

119. Every person occupying any part of a building let out as separate dwelling-houses who shall keep the same, or any building or place appurtenant thereto, in a dirty, unwholesome, or unhealthy condition, after notice shall have been served upon him by the sanitary inspector to cleanse the same, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings, and to a further penalty not exceeding twenty shillings for every day during which such offence shall continue after conviction.

120. All private courts, yards, areas, roofs of outbuildings in the same, and other places which are not cleansed by scavengers appointed under this Act, shall be kept clean to the satisfaction of the inspector of cleansing or sanitary inspector, by or at the expense of the occupiers of such courts, yards, areas, or other places respectively; and if such courts, yards, areas, roofs therein, or other places shall not be so kept clean, the occupiers thereof, or such of them as in the judgment of the magistrate may be found to be the real offender, shall, in addition to the expense of cleaning the same, be liable to a penalty not exceeding ten shillings for every such offence: And the word "occupiers " in this section shall include all persons having a right to use such courts, yards, areas, or other places for any purpose whatever, or if the Commissioners think fit they may cleanse all such private courts, yards, areas, roofs therein, and other places, and charge the expense thereof to the burgh general assessment, or if the property is unoccupied may charge the expense thereof to the owners.

429

Common stairs and houses let for short periods to be cleansed by owners.

Surveyor, medical officer, or inspector may enter and cleanse dwelling-houses, &c. at expense of owners.

Penalty on keeping dwelling-houses in dirty condition,

Areas, &c. to be cleansed by occupiers.

430

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) A, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Stables and byres to be kept clean.

Horse and cow dong to be kept off the

streets.

Dnngsteads, &c. to be cleaned out.

As to removal of dung.

Penalty for

conveying

offensive

matter at

improper

times.

121. All stables and byres, and areas therewith connected, and roofs of outhouses, shall be constantly kept in a clean condition to the satisfaction of the inspector of cleansing or sanitary inspector by the occupier thereof, under a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings for each offence; and it shall be the dutj' of the inspector from time to time to examine the state of all such [laces, with a view to the enforcement of this enactment.

122. It shall not be lawful to deposit, except for the purpose of removal, any cattle dung upon the streets (mews or stable lanes excepted); and no cattle dung, wherever lawfully kept, shall be mixed with any dung, soil, dirt, ashes, or filth declared by this Act to be the property of the Commissioners; and where any cattle dung shall be found in any street (excepting as aforesaid), or shall be so mixed, the same shall be taken possession of by the inspector of cleansing, and sold, and the proceeds of such sale accounted for and applied to the police purposes of this Act.

123. It sl all be lawful for the Commissioners, after inspection and report by the chief constable or inspector of cleansing or sanitary inspector, to regulate and limit the time within which all common necessaries and dungsteads shall be emptied and cleaned out; and if any person, under obligation by contract or otherwise to empty or clean out such places, shall fail so to do within the time so limited, such person shall be liable in a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings, besides forfeiture of any dung in such place; which dung the inspector of cleansing, or sanitary inspector, or any officer authorised by the Commissioners, may remove or dispose of as aforesaid.

124. Every person who shall lay, or cause to be laid, on any street any dung or manure, or any hay or straw, for the purpose of removing the same, shall remove and take the same away before eight of the clock of the morning of the day on which it shall be so laid in any street, from the first day of October to the first day of April, and before seven of the clock of the morning from the first day of April to the first day of October; and if dung or manure shall be allowed to remain on any part of such streets after the said hours, the person offending shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings for each offence, and that over and above the forfeiture of the dung or manure, which shall be removed and disposed of as aforesaid.

125. The Commissioners may from time to time fix the hours within which only it shall be lawful to remove any offensive matter or thing from any premises within, or into, or through the burgh; and when the Commissioners have fixed such hours, and given public notice thereof in such manner as they may deem proper, every person who removes any offensive matter or thing from any premises within, or into, or through the burgh at any time, except within the hours so fixed, and every person who at any time, whether such hours have been fixed by the Commissioners or not, uses for any such purpose any cart or carriage not having a covering proper for preventing the escape of the contents of such cart

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

431

or carriage, or of the stench thereof, or who wilfully or negligently spills any such offensive matter or thing in the removal or passage thereof, or who does not carefully sweep and cleanse every place in which any such offensive matter or thing has been placed or unavoidably spilled, shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings, and in default of the apprehension of the actual offender, the driver or person having charge of the cart or carriage employed for any such purpose shall be deemed to be the offender.

126. Nothing in this Act contained shall have the effect of prohibiting any person laying down dung on any field, nursery, or garden ground, for the purpose of manuring the same; but if in any case the medical officer of health shall certify that the manure so laid down in any place within the burgh is offensive or prejudicial to health, the magistrate may order it to be removed or otherwise disposed of forthwith; and every person failing to comply with such order shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds, besides the forfeiture of such manure.

127. The Commissioners shall have power to make byelaws for enforcing the provisions of the preceding sections with reference to cleansing.

Paving and Maintaining Streets.

128. Subject to the provisions of this Act, and of the Roads and Streets in Police Burghs (Scotland) Act, 1891, the Commissioners shall have the sole charge and control of the carriageway of all the streets within the burgh maintained or which shall be maintained by the Commissioners and also of all foot pavements and footpaths.

129. The Commissioners may from time to time cause all or any of the streets, foot pavements and footpaths, or any part thereof, to be raised, lowered, altered, and formed in such manner and with such materials as they think fit, and they shall also maintain the streets, other than private streets: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall interfere with any right to have applied to the streets, so far as applicable thereto, the assessment under the Roads and Bridges (Scotland) Act, 1878, or any local Act, and any fund by law applicable to the maintenance or repair of the streets.

130. The Commissioners may from time to time place and maintain such fences and posts on the side of the footways of streets as they may consider necessary for the protection of passengers, as also posts in the carriageways of the streets, so as to make the crossing thereof less dangerous for foot passengers, or may remove the same, or any obstructions to any such carriageway or footway.

131. Every person who wilfully displaces or makes any alteration in the pavement, flags, or other materials of any street, v ithout the consent of the Commissioners in writing, or without other lawful authority, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

As to laying down dnng on fields, nursery, or garden grounds.

Commissioners may make byelaws.

Carriageway of streets to be under cot trol of Commissioners.

Power to Commissioners to improve and form public streets.

Commissioners may place fences to footways.

Penalty on altering pavements without consent of Commissioners.

432

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Commissioners may allow telegraph poles, &c. in or under the streets.

Private streets not properly formed.

Private streets may be declared streets, as defined in this Act.

Temporary works on private streets.

132. The Commissioners may allow any person on such terms and conditions as may be arranged:—

(1.) To erect telegraph or telephone poles in the streets:

(2.) To erect or place telegraph or telephone wires either over, in, or under such streets:

(3.) To make tunnels under or bridges over such streets: Provided always, that the persons who erect such poles or wires, or make such tunnels or bridges, shall be responsible for their proper maintenance, and for any accident that may result from any default in that respect; and any person considering himself aggrieved by any such arrangement made by the Commissioners may appeal to the sheriff in manner after provided. But nothing in this Act shall take away or abridge or prejudicially affect any right, power, or authority of Her Majesty's Postmaster General under the Telegraph Acts, 1803 to 1889, or otherwise.

Private Streets.

133. Where any private street in which houses or permanent buildings have been erected on one-fourth of the ground fronting the same, or part of such street has not, together with the footways thereof, been sufficiently levelled, paved, or causewayed and flagged to the satisfaction of the Commissioners, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to cause any such street or part thereof, and the footways, to be freed from obstructions, and to be properly levelled, paved, or causewayed, and flagged and channelled in such way and with such materials as to them shall seem most expedient, and completed with fences, posts, crossings, kerbstones, and gutters, and street gratings or gullies, and thereafter maintained, to the satisfaction of the Commissioners.

134. If any private street shall at any time be made, paved, or causewayed and flagged, together with the footways thereof, and put in good order and condition, to the satisfaction of the Commissioners, then, and on application of any one or more of the owners of premises fronting or abutting upon such street, or of the superior or owner of the ground on which such private street has been formed, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to declare, and if such street has been paved and put in order, on their requisition, as herein-before provided, they shall declare the same to be vested in the Commissioners, and it shall be thenceforward maintained by the Commissioners.

135. Where, in the judgment of the Commissioners, it is not expedient that any private street should be paved or causewayed and flagged and channelled to the full extent, as above provided for, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to cause any such private street, or any part thereof, to be only temporarily put in order; and in carrying out this enactment the Commissioners may cause all or any of the following works to be executed, viz.:—

(1.) The carriageway to be properly levelled, and laid with road metal or such other material as they shall deem proper:

(2.) Lines of kerb to be laid in such position to such level, and of such size, shape, and material as the Commissioners may determine:

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

433

(3.) Channels or gutters with gratings or gullies to be made to carry off the water:

(4.) Temporary footways or crossings to be formed and made, using gravel, or road metal, or other material, to secure the public convenience:

And it shall be lawful for the Commissioners from time to time to cause such temporary works to be renewed: And provided always that the Commissioners may at any time after two years, subsequently to the execution of such temporary works, or any renewals "thereof, cause the street, or any part thereof, to be permanently paved or causewayed and flagged and channelled in the manner herein provided for in regard to private streets, or to cause the footways to be permanently laid in the manner herein provided for in regard to foot pavements of streets, at any time they may deem proper, though the causeway and channels or gutters be not permanently completed till a subsequent time.

136. Where, in the judgment of the Commissioners, it is not Carriageway necessary to pave or causeway the carriageway of any private.

street, as herein provided for, but only to macadamise the same, it certain cases'11 shall be lawful for the Commissioners to cause the carriageway of be macada-any such street, or any parts thereof, to be macadamised in such mi8ed* manner and with such material as they shall deem proper, provided that the owners of two thirds of the frontage of the lands and premises in such street consent to such macadamising thereof; and where such macadamising of the carriageway is so agreed on, and -completed, with all necessary fences, posts, crossings, kerbs, and gutters, to the satisfaction of the Commissioners, such streets, or parts thereof, shall be maintained by the Commissioners; and in such case the footpaths of such street shall be dealt with as the Commissioners shall deem proper; — that is to say, the Commissioners may cause the same to be paved in the ordinary way, as herein provided for in regard to foot pavements; or they may allow Footpaths - the same to be temporarily dealt with by the owners using gravel, "*7 for *time or road metal, or other material, to serve the public convenience, £* for such time, and from time to time, as the Commissioners shall 8 see fit; but all such owners shall be bound to lay and maintain foot pavements before their respective properties in the ordinary way, as herein provided for, whenever required to do so by the Commissioners.

137. The whole of the costs, charges, and expenses incurred by Expense to be the Commissioners in respect of private streets, including the foot- Paid by ways, fences, posts, crossings, kerbs, gutters, and gratings or gullies owners* thereof, shall be paid and reimbursed to them by the owners of the lands or premises fronting or abutting on each street, as the same shall be ascertained and fixed by the Commissioners or their surveyor, and the whole of such costs, charges, and expenses shall be recoverable as private improvement expenses.

138. Where one or more private streets, or parts thereof, serve in certain for or lead to various premises adjoining the same, or where, from ca8e? pn>-the peculiar nature of the locality, in the judgment of the Com- Spenser

E e

434

Ch. 55.

be fixed by Commissioners.

Owners to be liable only for proportions of expenses.

Bight of relief &c. not to be affected.

Foot pavements.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892.

55 & 56 Yicrr.

missioners, the proportions of each owner cannot be regulated according to the frontage as above provided for, the Commissioners shall fix and determine the premises, the owners of which shall be liable for such costs, charges, and expenses, and the proportions leviable from each owner, as they shall consider, under all the circumstances of the case, to be just, and their determination shall be final.

139. Each owner shall be liable only for his own proportion of the said costs, charges, and expenses, and any owner wrho shall have well and substantially, and to the satisfaction of the Commissioners, levelled, made, paved or causewayed, or macadamised, and flagged and channelled, any part of such private street, or of jbhe footways thereof, or done any of such works, shall be entitled to such relief as shall appear to the Commissioners to be just.

140. Nothing in this Act contained shall affect any right of relief in regard to the making, paving or causewaying, maintaining, or cleansing of streets which the owner or any other person may have by feu-contract or otherwise, or the right to claim repayment of any expense incurred by the Commissioners in making any street in terms of any local Act of Parliament; nor shall any liability attaching in law to any persons liable to make, pave, or causeway, maintain, or cleanse streets, or the footways thereof, be affected, altered, or abridged hereby.

Foot Pavements.

141. The owners of all lands or premises fronting or abutting on any street shall, at their own expense, when required by the Commissioners, cause footways before their properties respectively on the sides of such street to be made, and to be well and sufficiently paved, or constructed with such material and in such manner and form and of such breadth as the Commissioners shall direct, and the Commissioners shall thereafter from time to time repair and uphold such footways: Provided always, that where the lands or premises of any owner front or abut on any street for a continuous length exceeding one hundred yards, and such lands or premises are unfeued or unbuilt on, or not laid out or used as a garden, or pleasure ground, or pertinent of a house, it shall not be lawful for the Commissioners to require such owner to construct such footway, but the Commissioners may themselves cause such footway to be constructed in so far as they think proper, and shall be entitled forthwith to recover from such owner one third of the expense thereof, and the remaining two thirds thereof whenever the lands fronting or abutting on the footway so constructed by them are actually feued or built upon, or laid out or used as a garden, or pleasure ground, or pertinent of a house; and all expenses to be incurred by the Commissioners, in so far as recoverable from the owners, shall be recoverable as a private improvement expense: Provided that nothing contained in this section shall apply to the footways of private streets.

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892.

Cfl. 55.

435

142. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners to resolve, at a When Commeeting specially called for the purpose, to undertake the maintenance and repair of all the footways of the burgh. When the maintenance Commissioners shall undertake the maintenance and repair of the of foot pave-foot pavements in the burgh, they shall call upon all owners to ^pnt'wime in have their foot pavements before their properties put in a sufficient a sufficient state of repair, and failing their doing so within six weeks, the State of repair. Commissioners may cause the same to be done at the expense of such owners, and thereafter the said foot pavements shall be maintained by the Commissioners: Provided that nothing contained in this section shall apply to the footways of private streets.

143. As regards the making, altering, paving, or causewaying Right of and maintaining streets, and foot pavements, it shall be lawful appeal* for any person whose property may be affected, and who thinks himself thereby aggrieved, to appeal to the sheriff in manner herein-after provided.

Naming the Streets and Numbering the Houses.

144. The Commissioners shall from time to time cause the Houses to be houses and buildings in all or any of the streets to be marked numbered and with numbers, as they think fit, and shall put up or paint on Btreets named-a conspicuous part of some house, building, or place, in legible characters, at or near each end, comer, or entrance of every such

street, the name of such street; and no name shall be given to any street except by the Commissioners or with their consent, and they shall have power to alter the name and the numbers of any streets; and every person who destroys, pulls down, or defaces any such number or name, or puts up any number or name different from the mlmber or name put up, or caused to be put up, by the Commissioners, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings for every such offence.

145. The owners of houses and other buildings in the said street Numbers of shall mark their houses with such numbers as the Commissioners

direct, and shall renew such numbers as often as they become reDewed by obliterated or defaced; and every such owner who fails, within one owners, week after notice for that purpose from the Commissioners, to mark his house with a number t) the satisfaction of the Commissioners, or to renew such number when obliterated, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings; and the Commissioners shall cause such numbers to be marked or to be renewed, as the case may require, and charge the cost thereof to the burgh general assessment.

Laying out New Streets,

146. Every person who intends to form or lay out any new Notice of in-street shall give notice thereof to the Commissioners, and along with such notice he shall lodge a plan of the proposed street, with longi- to be given tudinal and cross sections, showing the proposed levels and means to Commis-of drainage thereof, in order that the level of such street may be B10ners* fixed by the Commissioners; but where any such street is, at the

Ee 2

436

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Levels to be fixed by Commissioners.

If Commissioners fail to fix level, party may proceed without.

Situation of gas and water pipes to be altered if required by Commissioners.

Commissioners may agree as to making of new streets.

time of the coming into force of this Act, in whole or in part, the subject of any contract then existing for the formation thereof, the same shall not be held or taken to be a new street within the meaning of this Act.

147. The level and gradient of every such new street shall be fixed by the Commissioners within one month after the delivery of such notice, and the level and gradient so fixed shall be kept thereafter by every person erecting any house or other building in such street.

148. If the Commissioners do not fix such level and gradient within one month from the time of the delivery of such notice as aforesaid, the person giving such notice may proceed to lay out such street at any level or gradient which will allow of compliance with the other provisions of this Act, as if such level and gradient had been fixed by the Commissioners; and in such case every change of the level and gradient which the Commissioners afterwards deem requisite, and the works consequent thereon, shall be made by the Commissioners, and the expense thereof, and any damage which any person may sustain in consequence of such alteration, shall be defrayed by them out of the burgh general assessment.

149. If the Commissioners deem it necessary to raise, sink, or otherwise alter the situation of any water pipe or gas pipe, or other waterworks or gasworks, laid in any such streets, they may from time to time, by notice in writing, require the person to whom any such pipes or works belong to cause forthwith any such pipes or works to be raised, sunk, or otherwise altered in position in such manner as the Commissioners may direct; provided that such alteration be not such as permanently to injure such works, or to prevent the water or gas from flowing freely and conveniently; and the expenses attending such alteration shall be paid by the Commissioners out of the burgh general assessment, or other rates or assessments, as the case may be.

150. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners to agree with any person for the making of new streets for the public use through the lands and at the expense of such person, and to agree that such streets shall become, and the same shall accordingly become, on completion, streets to be maintained and repaired at the public expense, and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to agree with such person to advance any portion of the expense of making such streets out of the burgh general assessment by way of loan, and accordingly to advance the same:Provided that the expense so advanced shall be repaid to the Commissioners in such manner as they may fix.

Provided that such street shall be formed and made by the proprietor within two years from the date of granting such application, or within such reasonable time as may be fixed by the Dean of Guild Court or the Commissioners; and that no building shall be erected in such street until it is so formed and

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

437

made from its junction with another street as far as any proposed building may extend in such street.

151. Whereas it may happen that the whole or part of the Commissioners ground on the line of a new street will remain for a time unfeued ma.v makc new or unbuilt upon, and it is expedient to encourage the opening up Streets' of streets that might be or become main thoroughfares for the public use: Therefore, upon the approval of any new street becoming final, or at any time thereafter, and in the event of such new street not being opened up and paved, flagged, or otherwise made good to the satisfaction of the Commissioners by the owners or others interested, in whole or in part, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to open up and make any such street in whole or in part according to its approved lines and levels, and that either temporarily or permanently as to the Commissioners may seem proper, and to advance and pay ad interim the expense of so doing in so far as effeiring to vacant or unfeued ground, subject to relief from the feuars or other persons erecting buildings along such street when and as the same are erected: Provided that so soon as buildings are erected along such street, the Commissioners shall be entitled to charge the expense advanced by them, without interest thereon, against the feuars or other persons erecting buildings thereon respectively, proportionally to the length of the frontages of their feus or properties along such street, as such proportions of expense, without interest thereon, shall be certified by the treasurer, and the said expense, without interest thereon, may be recovered in the same way and by the same means as any assessments levied under this Act: Provided further, that should any such street be only temporarily laid out by the Commissioners, the said feuars or other persons erecting buildings shall, in proportion to the length of their frontages respectively, be also bound to pave and flag or otherwise make good such street to the satisfaction of the Commissioners, as and when required by the Commissioners, and after such street shall have been paved, flagged, or otherwise made good as aforesaid, it shall be maintained and repaired by the Commissioners out of the assessments levied under this Act.

152. From and after the date when this Act comes into force Width of new within the burgh, it shall not be lawful to form or lay out any new Streets-street, or part thereof, or court, within the burgh, unless the same shall (measuring from the buildings or intended buildings therein at the level of the surface of the boundary of such street) be at least thirty-six feet wide for the carriageway and foot pavements; and no dwelling-house shall be built in any such street or court which shall exceed in height, from the level of the pavement to the roof of the highest habitable room, one and a quarter times the width of such street, measuring from the front wall of the buildings or intended buildings on each side thereof: Provided always, that where any road or street fronts any links or common, or other open area, or in other exceptional circumstances, the Commissioners may allow buildings of greater height; and provided also, that for the purposes of this enactment a street shall not include a mews or

438

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Penalty for forming streets and coarts contrary to Act.

Power to purchase houses, &c. for additional improvements.

other lane which may be made twelve feet and a half wide, or such other width according to the use to be made thereof, of which the Commissioners shall judge, and shall fix the width accordingly; but in no case shall the dwelling-houses fronting such lane exceed in height one and a half times the width of the lane: Provided also, that where a building shall be situated so as to abut on two streets or courts of different levels, the height shall be measured from the street which lies on the higher level.

153. Every person who shall, from and after the date when this Act shall come into operation in the burgh, form or lay out, or permit or suffer to be formed or laid out, auy new street or court, or any part thereof, or who shall build, raise, or add to any house or premises, or permit or suffer the same to be done, contrary to the provisions of this Act, unless the same shall have been formally sanctioned by the Commissioners on a consideration of the special circumstances of the case, which sanction they are hereby empowered to give, shall forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding twenty pounds, and a further sum not exceeding five pounds per day for every day after the first during which he shall permit or suffer such new street or court, or part thereof, or such house or premises, to remain so formed, laid out, built, or added to as last aforesaid:Provided always, that the provisions of this Act relating to the width and construction of streets or courts shall not extend or apply to any existing streets or courts, which shall be proved to the satisfaction of the Commissioners to have been agreed to, or to have been formed previous to the application of this Act.

Improvement of Streets.

154. The Commissioners may, at a meeting to be held for the purpose, resolve to acquire lands or premises within the burgh for the purpose of widening, enlarging, or otherwise improving any of the streets, and they may re-sell any parts of such lands or premises which shall not be required for such purposes; and they may also drain, repair, or otherwise improve courts and places where there may be doubts as to the liability of owners to execute such works; and in localities within the burgh, where houses or other buildings are, in the opinion of the Commissioners, built too close to each other, or have become waste and ruinous, or are liable to other objections on sanitary grounds, it shall also be lawful to the Commissioners to resolve to acquire lands or premises, for the purpose of reserving them as vacant spaces, or of improving or taking down the buildings, or of otherwise disposing of them so as to improve the sanitary condition of such localities, or for the purpose of widening streets and closes; and the expense of such acquisitions and improvements shall be a charge against the general improvement rate herein-after authorised to be levied.

In order to acquire such lands and premises, the Commissioners shall have power to purchase and take the same by agreement under the Lands Clauses Acts, and failing such purchase they may present a petition to the sheriff for authority to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Acts with respect to the acquisition

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) , 1892. Ch. 55.

489

of lands otherwise than by agreement in manner herein-before provided; and the expense of such acquisitions and improvements and procedure shall be a charge against the general improvement rate herein-after authorised to be levied.

It shall be lawful for any owner or occupier whose property may be affected, or for the Commissioners, if dis-satisfied with the decision of the sheriff, to appeal to the Secretary for Scotland, who may order further inquiry or take such other step or steps as he may think desirable in the circumstances, and he may thereafter issue an order either in accordance with the prayer of the application or with such modifications or alterations as may appear to him to be requisite, and may make such order as he thinks fit in reference to the costs, charges, and expenses incurred in connexion therewith.

Obstructions and Line of Streets.

155. The Commissioners may erect across the whole or any, part of any court an iron gate or gates for the purpose of preventing the public from passing through the same during such hours as they consider expedient for the purposes of police, and may cause such gate or gates to be locked and the keys thereof to be kept during the said period by the constable on duty in the district, or by some other person residing in the neighbourhood; but such gate or gates shall be so placed and managed that free and uninterrupted communication shall at all hours exist between every land or heritage in such court and some street in the neighbourhood.

156. The Commissioners may require any owner or occupier of a land or heritage to build up or cease to use any opening in the foot pavement, or in the causeway of any street or any court, which has been made or is used for the purpose of giving light or access to some apartment in a building adjoining such street or court, or to some cellar or vault underneath the said foot pavement, if such opening extends beyond the footway, or if it is not provided with a sufficient fluted iron grating or other sufficient covering, or if it is insecure or otherwise dangerous to the public; and if such owner or occupier shall not, within eight days after such notice, build up or cease to use any such opening, or to provide the same with a sufficient covering to the satisfaction of the Commissioners, he shall be guilty of an offence, and shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings.

157. The Commissioners may allow, upon such terms as they think fit, any building within the burgh to be set forward for improving the line of the street in which such building or any building adjacent thereto is situated.

158. When any house or building has been taken down in whole or in part in order to be altered, or is to be rebuilt, the Commissioners may require the same to be set backwards to or toward the line of the street, or the line of the adjoining houses or buildings, or such other line as may be fixed by the Commissioners in such manner as the Commissioners may direct, for the improvement of such street: Provided always, that the Commissioners shall

Gates may be erected by Commissioners across any court.

Commissioners may require dangerous openings in streets and courts to be built up.

Houses may be set forward for improving line of street.

Houses projecting beyond line of street, when taken down, to be set back.

M

440

Ch. 55.

Future projections of houses, &c. to be removed on notice.

Commissioners may cause existing projections to be removed, and compensation to be made.

Doors in future to be made to open inwards.

Doors opening outwards may be altered.

Burgh Police (Scotland) 1892. 55 & 56 Vjot.

make full compensation to the owner of any such house or building for any damage he may thereby sustain, which compensation maybe settled by mutual agreement, or in the same manner as compensation for land to be taken under the provisions of the Lands Clauses Acts is directed to be settled, and shall form a charge against the general improvement rate.

159. The Commissioners may give notice to the owner of any house or building requiring him to remove or alter any porch, shed, projecting window, step, cellar, cellar door or window, sign, signpost, sign-iron, show-board, window-shutter, wall, gate, or fence, or any other projection erected or placed, after the application of this Act, against or in front of any house or building within the burgh, and which is an obstruction to the safe and convenient, passage along any street, public or private; and if such owner shall not, within fourteen days after the service of such notice, comply with such requirement, he shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings; and no person shall erect any projection or make any erection whatever in any street, public or private, without the written consent of the Commissioners, under a penalty of forty shillings for each offence:Provided that in the event of the failure of such person to remove any such projection within three days after being convicted of a contravention hereof, tHp Commissioners may summarily remove such projection and recover the expense of doing the same from such person.

160. If any such obstructions, projections, or erections were erected or placed against or in front of any house or building in any such street before the application of this Act, the Commissioners may cause the same to be removed or altered as they think fit, provided that they give notice of such intended removal or alteration' to the owner of the house or building thirty days before such alteration or removal is begun; and if such obstructions, projections, or erections shall have been lawfully made, they shall make reasonable compensation to every person who suffers damage by such removal or alteration.

161. All doors, gates, window-shutters, and bars put up after the application of this Act within the burgh, and which open> upon any street, public or private, shall be hung or placed so as not to open outwards, except when, in the case of public buildings, the Commissioners allow such doors, gates, window-shutters, or bars to be otherwise hung or placed; and if, except as aforesaid, any such door, gate, window-shutter, or bar be hung or placed so as to open outwards on any such street, the owner of the premises to which such door, gate, or bar is attached shall, within eight days after notice from the Commissioners to that effect, cause the same to be altered so as not to open outwards; and in case he neglects so to do, he shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings.

162. If any such door, gate, window-shutter, or bar was, before the application of this Act, hung so as to open outwards upon any street, public or private, the Commissioners may alter the same.

441

1892. Burgh Police (Scotland), 1892. Cff. 55.

so that no part thereof, when open, shall project over any publie way.

163. When any opening is made in any pavement or footpath Coverings for as an entrance to any vault or cellar, a door or covering shall be ^made by *° made and maintained by the owner of such vault or cellar, of iron, owner.

or such other materials and in such manner as the Commissioners direct, but before such opening is made the consent of the Commissioners thereto shall be obtained in writing; and if such owner do not within a reasonable time make such door or covering, or if ho make any such door or covering contrary to the directions of the Commissioners, or if he do not keep the same, when properly made, in good repair, he shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

164. The owner of every house or building or covered way shall Ra5n water to put up and keep in good condition shoots or rhones or gutters from thereon, both at the front and back of such houses or buildings, as houses in also at the sides thereof, in positions to the satisfaction of the pipe*-Commissioners, and shall connect the same with a pipe or trunk or

cistern to carry the water from the roof thereof to the adjacent sewer or drain; and for the latter purpose it shall be lawful for any such owner to take up so much of the pavement, causeway, or flagging of any such street as may be requisite, and to lay down such drains or tunnels, or fix iron drain gutters under the direction of the Commissioners; and all damage which may thereby be occasioned to the pavement, causeway, or flagging of the footpath or carriageway or the sewer or drain, shall be made good at the expense of such owner; and in default of compliance with this enactment such owner shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings for every day that he shall so make default, after being required by the Commissioners to comply therewith; and where any railway bridge, aqueduct, or canal crosses any footpath or public thoroughfare, the owner thereof shall erect and place an iron or zinc screen under such bridge, to carry off the rain water, or the moisture that flows from or percolates through the bridge, to prevent the same falling on persons passing along such footpath, or public thoroughfare; and any such owners failing to erect or place such screen shall be liable to a penalty of forty shillings for every day that default is made, after being required by the Commissioners to comply with this enactment.

165. As regards the improving the line or level of any street Parties

and removing obstructions, or any other work to be executed by the Commissioners, under the provisions of this Act, for the Sheriff?* *° improvement of any street, it shall be lawful for any person whose property may be taken or affected, and who thinks himself thereby aggrieved, to appeal to the sheriff in manner herein-after provided.

Plans of New Buildings, and Regulations.

166. Every person who proposes to erect any house or building. Petition with or to alter the structure of, and to use for human habitation, any he

lwtpd.

442

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

existing house or building which had not been previously used for that purpose, or alter the mode of occupancy of any existing house in such a manner as to iticrease the number of houses or occupants, shall lodge with the clerk of the Commissioners a petition for warrant so to do, and such petition shall set forth a description of the intended house, or building, or alteration, and shall be accompanied by a plan of the site, showing the immediately conterminous properties, and also the position and width of any street, court, or footpath from which the property has access, or upon which it abuts; and also plans, sections, elevations, and such detailed drawings as are necessary to show the height and mode of structure and arrangement of the intended house or building or alteration, and the lines of the intended drainage thereof, and the levels thereof relatively to the street, court, foot pavement, or footpath, and to the sewer or drain with which the soil pipes and drains of the property to be built or altered are intended to be connected; and in regard to any building of a public character intended as a place of public resort, such plans shall show the arrangements for ventilation and the provision intended to be made for ingress and egress; and all plans to be lodged as aforesaid shall be drawn to a graduated scale as follows, viz., of one and one quarter inch to every ten f£et for buildings under one hundred feet long; of one inch to every ten feet for buildings one hundred feet and under three hundred feet long; and of three quarters of an inch to every ten feet for buildings three hundred feet long and upwards; and such plans and sections, with such alterations thereon as may be made as after provided, shall be registered and indexed by the clerk of the Commissioners: and the said plans and sections and register and index shall be open to inspection by any owner or ratepayer upon payment of a fee of one shilling.

Notice of 167. The clerk of the Commissioners shall, at their first meeting,

P*renotoConT a^er receiving such petition, give notice thereof to the Commis-misioMro and loners, who may decline to grant warrant for the erection of any proceedings new house or building, or for the alteration of the structure of any thereon. existing house or building, until satis tied that the plans provide suitably for stability, light, ventilation, and other sanitary requirements thereof.

Regulating existing buildings for places of public meetings, &c.

168. The Commissioners shall cause every existing building used or proposed to be used as a place of public amusement or entertainment, or for holding large numbers of people for any purpose whatsoever, to be inspected, and shall, in case of refusal, after hearing the persons interested, direct such means to be taken for providing proper means of access to and exit from such buildings, and for protection from fire and other dangers to the public, as to the Commissioners shall seem fit.

Penalty for erecting or altering any house or building without sanction of Commift-sionere *

169. Every person who shall erect or begin to erect any house or building, or who shall alter the structure of any existing house or building, or use for human habitation any building not previously so used, or alter the mode of occupancy of any existing house in such a manner as will increase the number of separate

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotlan) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

443

houses or occupiers without a warrant, or otherwise than in conformity with a warrant of the Commissioners, and every person who shall, in the erection or alteration of any house or building, the erection of which has been sanctioned by the Commissioners, deviate from the plan or plans and section or sections so sanctioned, or shall otherwise contravene the building provisions of this Act, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds, besides, being bound, if and in so far as required by the Commissioners, to take down and remove the said house orf building, or to restore it to the state it was in previous to the alterations thereon, or to alter it in such way as the Commissioners shall direct, so as to make it in conformity with the warrant of the Commissioners.

170. Every building erected for the purpose of being used as a dwelling-house, or any building not previously used as a dwelling-house when the same is altered for the purpose of being so used, shall have all the rooms sufficiently lighted and ventilated from an adjoining street, or other open space directly attached thereto, equal to at least three fourths of the area to be occupied by the intended building; and such space shall be free from any erections thereon other than waterclosets, ash-pits, coal-houses, or other conveniences, all which conveniences shall, as to height, position, and dimensions, be erected subject to the consent and approval of the Commissioners: Provided also, that in cases of conversion of a house into a building for business premises the Commissioners may sanction the erection of saloons upon such open space, of such height and construction as to them shall seem proper, such saloons to continue so long only as such building is so used for business purposes only.

171. No new tenement of houses, except with the authority of the Commissioners, which in special circumstances the Commissioners may grant, shall have more than twelve dwelling-houses entering from one common stair or passage where the common stair or passage is within the tenement, but where there is an outside stair with balconies, twenty-four houses may be permitted to enter from said common stair or passage, and the width of such stairs, passages, balconies, and stair landings shall in no case be less than four feet, finished size.

172. In every new building to be used as a dwelling-house, and in every building not previously used as a dwelling-house, when altered to be used as a dwelling-house, every habitable room in the ground floor shall be in every part thereof nine feet six inches in height at least from the floor to the ceiling, and every other habitable room, except attic rooms, shall be in every part thereof nine feet in height at least from the floor to the ceiling, and every habitable attic room shall be at least eight feet in height from the floor to the ceiling, through not less than one third of the area of the room, and it shall at no part thereof be less than three feet.

173. In every new or altered building to be used as a dwelling-house, every habitable room shall have at least one window, and the

Free space in rear of houses.

Limit to number of houses in common staire.

Height of rooms.

Windows in rooms.

444

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 VICT.

Common Btairs to be kept in repair.

Lighting, &c. of public buildings.

Pipes to be approved by Commissioners.

Provisions regarding new buildings.

Restriction as to steam pipes and funnels for conveying 6moke.

Preventing building on ground filled up with

total area of glass in the windows, clear of the frame and sash, shall be (unless in any case the Commissioners otherwise determine) at least one tenth of the area of the room, and the top of at least one of the windows shall not be less than seven feet six inches above the door, and in case of a sash window the upper half at least shall be made to open the full width, and in case of a casement window one half at least shall be made to open.

174. The owners of premises in or entering from common stairs and common passages shall keep the steps, landing-places, and passages in a proper state of repair, and provide and keep in proper repair rails at the side of such stairs, landing-places, and passages, to the satisfaction of the surveyor, and when required by him, shall fence, in such manner as he shall direct, all windows in such common stairs and passages; and any owner who fails so to do, after notice served on him by the surveyor, shall be liable in a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

175. Every public building, theatre, or place of public entertainment shall be supplied with means of lighting, and of sufficient ingress and egress for the protection of the public in cases of emergency, to be approved of by the Commissioners from time to time as they shall deem necessary.

176. No pipe for conveying smoke or heated air shall be fixed in any new building otherwise than in the wall thereof, except in & manner to be approved by the Commissioners.

177. With regard to new buildings, the rules contained in Schedule IV. of this Act shall be observed, but such rules may be altered by the Commissioners with the approval of the sheriff.

178. From and after the commencement of this Act, all steam from high-pressure engines, in or connected with any building, shall be conveyed to and carried away by a high chimney, to the satisfaction of the Commissioners, or otherwise disposed of to their satisfaction, and no pipe or funnel for conveying smoke shall at any time be newly fixed against any building next to any street, public or private, or on the inside of any building, nearer than nine inches to any timber or other combustible material, nor shall any funnel built or made of brick or stone, or both, be newly placed on the outside of any building next to any such street so as to extend, beyond the general line of the buildings in the street; and if any high-pressure engine shall be used and steam discharged therefrom, except as aforesaid, or if any pipe or funnel is fixed or placed contrary to this Act, the occupier, or in case of there being no occupier, then the owner of the engine or building, as the case may be, shall, with infourteen days after receiving notice from the Commissioners, cause such engine, or pipe, or funnel, as the case may be, to be removed, and on default shall be liable to a penalty of ten shillings a day for every day during which such default continues after the expiration of the time specified in such notice.

179. It shall not be lawful for any person to erect any building upon any ground which shall have been filled up with any material impregnated with foecal matter, or with any animal or vegetable

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

445

or other offensive matter, which, in the opinion of the medical officer offensive or sanitary inspector, may tend by decomposition or otherwise matter, to the prejudice of the health of any future resident or occupier of such building, or of any resident in the neighbourhood, except upon a certificate of such medical officer or sanitary inspector that proper precautions, in his opinion, have been taken to obviate any such result; and every person who erects or causes to be erected, either wholly or partially, any building on any such ground, shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds, and a further penalty not exceeding forty shillings for every day during which such building, or part of a building, shall continue upon any such ground.

1807 The Commissioners or their surveyor may, at any reason- New houses, able time, inspect any buildings in progress of construction or &c*to h alteration, or any work connected therewith, and within one month ^fore occu-after any new house or building, or any alteration on the structure pation. of any existing house or building, has been completed, or before such house or building or any portion thereof has been occupied, the owner or the builder shall give notice to the clerk of the Commissioners that the house or building, or any part thereof, is ready for inspection before being occupied, and the said clerk shall thereupon transmit such notice to the surveyor of the burgh, who shall forthwith proceed to survey such house or building or alteration; and if he is satisfied that such house or building is fit for occupation, and is in accordance with the provisions of this Act, he shall grant a certificate under his hand to that effect, and all such certificates shall be entered in the register of plans and sections; and every owner or builder who shall fail to give such notice aforesaid, or shall permit such house or building or altered building to be occupied before a certificate applicable thereto has been obtained, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds, with an additional penalty of forty shillings for every day during which such occupation shall continue.

Ventilation.

181. Any person before beginning to alter or erect any building Regulating intended to be used as a church, chapel, or school, or a place of construction public entertainment, or for holding large numbers of people for °ntendedas any purpose whatsoever, shall give thirty days' notice in writing places for to the Commissioners, and shall accompany such notice with a plan public meet~ and description of its proposed construction, with respect to the m8B' supplying of fresh air, and removing vitiated air; and unless the Commissioners approve thereof they may cause such building, or such part of it as they consider necessary, to be altered at the expense of the oNvner, which expense may be recovered as a private improvement expense; but if the Commissioners fail to signify in writing their approval or disapproval of such proposal, within seven days after their first meeting, occurring after receipt of the notice, the person giving such notice may proceed to erect the building therein referred to in the manner proposed, provided that such building be otherwise in accordance with the provisions of

446

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) A, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Persons may appeal against determination of Commissioners.

Ventilation of

habitable

rooms.

Ventilation of buildings.

Common stairs, &c. to be properly lighted and ventilated.

Bars to be erected across streets daring repairs or alterations, and lights placed at night.

this Act; and with regard to such existing buildings as are at the application of this Act, or may thereafter be, used for any of the said purposes, the Commissioners may cause the same to be inspected, and may direct such means to be taken for their proper ventilation as to them shall seem fit.

182. Provided also, if the owner or other person so intending to build, or the owner of any existing building, be dis-satisfied with the determination of the Commissioners as to the said proposed manner of construction, he shall have the same right of appeal against the determination of the Commissioners, and such appeal shall be conducted in the same manner as is herein provided in the case of appeals against any order of the Commissioners with respect to works to be constructed by or subject to the approval of the Commissioners.

183. Every habitable room built after the commencement of this Act of less area than one hundred superficial feet, and without a fireplace, shall be provided with special means of ventilation, to be determined by the Commissioners.

184. Means of ventilation to be approved of by the Commissioners shall, on their order, after cause shown, be provided in or for every building, whether erected before or after the application of this Act, and in every case by the owner of such building; and any owner who^fails to carry into effect the order of the Commissioners in respect to such means of ventilation shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings for every day or part of a day during which such failure continues.

185. The owners of all common stairs and common passages constructed or which may be constructed shall provide proper means of ventilating the same, where practicable, by means of windows or skylights, or otherwise ventilating the same to the satisfaction of the Commissioners or their surveyor or sanitary inspector; and any owner failing so to do when required by the Commissioners shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings.

Precautions during the Construction or Repair of Buildings and Streets, and in regard to Old and Ruinous Tenements.

186. The Commissioners shall, during the construction or repair of any street, and during the construction or repair of any sewers, drains, or other public works, take proper precaution against accident, by shoring up and protecting the adjoining houses, and may prevent any such street from being used as a common passage or thoroughfare, while such works are carried on; and the Commissioners shall cause any sewer or drain or other works, during the construction or repair thereof, to be lighted, fenced, and guarded during the night, so as to prevent accidents; and every person who uses such street while so stopped as a common passage or thoroughfare, or extinguishes any light, without the authority or consent of the Commissioners, shall for every such offence be liable to any penalty not exceeding five pounds.

1892. Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

187. Every person intending to build or take down any building or alter or repair any building, where any street or footway may be obstructed or rendered inconvenient by means of such work, shall obtain authority from the Commissioners to put up, and such authority being obtained, shall put up, and maintain to the satisfaction of the surveyor for such time as he may fix, hoarding or fences in order to separate the building from such street with a convenient platform and handrail, if there be room enough, to serve as a footway for passengers outside of such hoarding or fence, and shall in all cases in which it is necessary, in order to prevent accidents, cause the same to be sufficiently lighted from sun-setting to sun-rising; and every such person who puts up such hoardings or fences without previously obtaining the authority of the Commissioners so to do, or who, after such authority, fails to put up and maintain during the time aforesaid and keep lighted during the night such fence or hoarding, or platform with such handrail as aforesaid, or who does not remove the same, when directed by the Commissioners, within a time specified for that purpose, shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds, and a further penalty not exceeding forty shillings for every day while such default is continued, and the Commissioners shall have power to make such charge for the occupation of such ground so enclosed as they shall consider just.

* 188. When any building materials, rubbish, or other things are laid, or any hole made, in the streets, whether by order of the Commissioners or not, the person causing such materials or other things to be so laid, or hole to be made, shall at his own expense cause a sufficient light to be fixed upon or near the same, and continue such light every night from sun-setting to sun-rising while such materials or hole remain; and cause such materials or hole to be sufficiently fenced and enclosed until they are removed, or the hole filled up or otherwise made secure; and every such person who fails so to light, fence, or enclose such materials or other things, or hole, shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds, and a further penalty not exceeding forty shillings for every day while such default is continued.

189. In no case shall any such building materials or other things, or such hole, be allowed to remain longer than may be fixed by the surveyor, under a penalty not exceeding five pounds, to be paid for every such offence by the person who causes such materials or other things to be laid, or such hole to be made, and a further penalty not exceeding forty shillings for every day during which such offence is continued after the conviction for such offence.

190. If any building, hoarding, or hole, or any other place, in or near any street be, in the opinion of the burgh surveyor, for want of sufficient repair, protection, or enclosure, dangerous to the passengers along such street, the Commissioners shall cause the same to be protected or enclosed so as to prevent danger there-

447

Hoarding to be set up during repairs.

Penalty for not lighting deposits of building materials or excavations.

Penalty for continuing deposits of building materials or excavations an unreasonable time.

Dangerous places to be repaired or enclosed.

t

448

Ch. 55.

B wrgk Police (Scotland,) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Ruinous or dangerous buildings to be taken down or secured.

Expenses to be levied on owner.

If owner cannot be found. Commissioners may

from, and shall be entitled to recover the expense thereof from the owner of such building or place and the persons who caused such hoarding or hole to be made respectively.

191. If any building or wall, or anything affixed thereon, be deemed by the surveyor of the Commissioners to be in a ruinous state, or dangerous to passengers, or to the occupiers thereof or of the neighbouring buildings, he shall immediately cause such occupiers endangered thereby to remove from the occupancy of such buildings until the same are put into a safe condition, and shall cause a proper hoard or fence, or props, to be put up for the protection of passengers, and shall also cause, if he shall judge necessary, the neighbouring buildings to be properly shored up, and shall cause notice in writing to be given to the owner of such building or wall, if he be known, and shall also cause such notice to be put on the door of such building or on such wall, or on a conspicuous part thereof, or otherwise to be given to the occupier thereof, if any, requiring such owner forthwith to take down, secure, or repair such building, wall, or other thing, or as the case shall require; and if such owner do not begin to repair, take down, or secure such building, wall, or other thing within the space of three days after any such notice has been so given or put up as aforesaid, and complete such repairs or taking down or securing as speedily as the nature of the case will admit, such surveyor may make complaint thereof to the sheriff; and it shall be lawful for the sheriff, after inquiry, to order the owner of such building, wall, or other thing to take down, rebuild, repair, or otherwise secure, to the satisfaction of such surveyor, the same, or such part thereof as appears to them to be in a dangerous state, within a time to be fixed by the sheriff; and in case the same be not taken down, repaired, rebuilt, or otherwise secured within the time so limited, the Commissioners shall, with all convenient speed cause all or so much of such building, wall, or other thing as shall be in a ruinous condition and dangerous as aforesaid to be taken down, repaired, rebuilt, or otherwise secured in such manner as shall be requisite; and all the expenses of enforcing such removal and of putting up every such fence, and of shoring up such buildings, and of taking down, repairing, rebuilding, watching, or securing such building, wall, or other thing, shall be paid by the owner thereof.

192. If the owner of such building or wall, or thing affixed thereon, can be found, and if, on demand of the expenses aforesaid, he neglect or refuse to pay the same, the sheriff shall, on a certificate of such demand and neglect or refusal, signed by the clerk, grant decree against such owner for payment thereof, on which decree all legal diligence may proceed, or the Commissioners may proceed against such owner for the recovery of the said expenses in terms of the general provisions for recovery of expenses under this Act, or otherwise as accords of law.

193. If such owner cannot be found, or if such expenses are not otherwise fully recovered, the Commissioners, after giving twenty-eight days' notice of their intention to do so, by posting a

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotlan 1892. Ch. 55.

449

printed or written notice in a conspicuous place on such building or wall, or on the land whereon such building or wall stood, and by sending through the post office to such owner's last known address a copy of such notice, may take such building or land, provided th it such expenses be not paid or tendered to them within the said twenty-eight days, making compensation to the owner of such building or land in the manner provided by the Lands Clauses Acts in the case of lands taken otherwise than with the consent of the owners and occupiers thereof, and the Commissioners shall be entitled to deduct out of such compensation the amount of the expenses aforesaid, and may thereupon sell or otherwise dispose of the said building or land for the purposes of this Act.

194. If any such building or wall as aforesaid, or any part of the same, be pulled down by virtue of the powers aforesaid, the Commissioners may sell the materials thereof, or so much of the same as shall be pulled down, and apply the proceeds of such sale in payment of the expenses incurred in respect of such building or wall; and the Commissioners shall restore any surplus arising from such sale to the owner of such building or wall on demand; nevertheless, the Commissioners, although they sell such materials for the purposes aforesaid, shall have the same remedies for compelling the payment of so much of the said expenses as may remain due, after the application of the proceeds of such sale, as are hereinbefore given to them for compelling the payment of the whole of the said expenses.

195. If any houses, buildings, or areas have become waste and ruinous within the burgh, and have become receptacles for filth and other nuisances, or unsafe and unfit for use and occupation, and which, being held by two or more joint owners, cannot be rebuilt or disposed of to advantage without the consent of all the parties interested therein, and the same are allowed to continue in a waste or ruinous or unsafe state in consequence of the parties being unable or unwilling or delaying to agree as to the sale or rebuilding thereof, it shall be lawful to the sheriff, upon the petition of the burgh prosecutor, or of the Commissioners, or their surveyor, or sanitary inspector, or of any owner or party interested in any such houses, buildings, or areas, to call all parties interested therein before the sheriff, in the usual manner and form followed in his court, and to order such houses, buildings, or areas, to be valued by not less than three men of skill, upon oath, who shall distinguish the portions of the subjects, and the corresponding proportion of the appraised value, which belong to the several parties interested, and thereupon to give each party the option to buy and acquire from, or to sell and convey to the others, their respective portions of or interests in such houses, buildings, and areas, agreeably to such valuation, or at such other price as shall be agreed on amongst themselves, and that within a reasonable time to be fixed by the sheriff, not exceeding six weeks.

196. If any of the said parties fail to take advantage of the said option within the time so fixed, or shall not be able to agree as to which shall be the buyer and which the seller, it shall be lawful

take the housj or ground, making compensation.

Commissioners may sell materials, restoring to the owner Burplus arising from sale.

Ruinous buildings belonging to two or more owners may be sold.

How sale to be earned through

450

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Completion of

purchaser's

title.

If purchaser do not fulfil conditions of sale, tenement may be re-sold.

Apportionment of price.

Bninous tenements may be sold.

to the said sheriff to cause such houses, buildings, and areas to be exposed to sale by public auction at a price not being less than the appraised value, and in case of no offers to reduce the upset price from time to time, and to sell the same to the highest bidder, under such regulations, and upon such conditions, and after such public notice, by advertisement in the newspapers or otherwise, as the sheriff shall appoint, and the purchaser thereof shall be then bound within ten days after the sale, or within such time as may be fixed by the sheriff, to consign the purchase money in any bank to be named by the sheriff, upon a receipt or voucher subject to the orders of the sheriff, otherwise the sale to be void and null, and the money so deposited shall remain at interest for the behoof of all parties interested therein, and subject to the future orders of the sheriff.

197. Upon such deposit being so made, the sheriff shall pronounce his decree or warrant declaring the purchase duly completed, and authorising immediate possession of the tenements so sold to be given to the purchaser thereof; and such warrant or decree shall, upon being registered in the proper register of sasines, be a valid and sufficient title to such purchaser.

198. In case the purchaser at any such sale as aforesaid shall fail to fulfil the conditions thereof within the time thereby prescribed, it shall be lawful to the sheriff to cause the tenements to be re-exposed and sold anew; and such sale shall proceed in like manner as the first sale; and the sheriff shall continue, in case of failure as aforesaid, to cause the said subjects to be re-exposed for sale, until the same shall be sold, and the price thereof consigned or deposited in bank as aforesaid.

199. Upon the completion of any such sale, the sheriff shall, on the application of any of the parties concerned, after such inquiry as he may deem expedient, proceed to ascertain and determine the extent and value of the share of each party claiming interest in the tenements so sold, and to apportion the price and order payment thereof to the several parties accordingly, subject always to such finding or order in respect of costs as the sheriff may pronounce.

200. If any houses, buildings, or areas have become waste and ruinous, or have become receptacles for filth and other nuisances, or unsafe and unfit for use and occupation, the Commissioners may, by a notice addressed to the owner if his address shall be known, or if not known by a notice affixed to a conspicuous part of such houses, buildings, or areas, require the same to be rebuilt or otherwise put into a state of repair to their satisfaction, within three months from the date of such notice; and in the event of such requisition not being complied with, the Commissioners may apply to the sheriff for warrant to sell such houses, buildings or areas, and it shall be lawful to the sheriff to order the same to be valued, and exposed for sale by public auction, and to sell the same, and such sale shall be made and carried out, or re-sale effected/the price deposited and applied, and the purchaser's title completed, in

1892.

Bwrgh Police (Scotland), 1892. Ch. 55.

451

the way and manner herein-before directed with reference to waste and ruinous buildings, houses, or areas within burgh, held by two or more joint owners.

Dean of Guild Court.

201. In burghs where there is a Dean of Guild Court at the Dean of Guild commencement of this Act, or where such court shall be established Court *

as herein-after provided, the Dean of Guild Court shall come in room and place of the Commissioners for carrying out the provisions of this Act, in so far as they apply to new buildings or alteration of existing buildings, ventilation, and precautions during the construction, alteration, or repair of buildings and streets, and to old and ruinous tenements, and to the setting up of hoardings; and in that case all the powers and duties of the Commissioners in reference to these provisions, and also in reference to the inspection of buildings in process of construction or alteration, or any work connected therewith, and the surveying and certifying of buildings before occupation, shall devolve on and be carried out by the Dean of Guild Court and the officers thereof, as herein provided for, but nothing herein contained shall be taken to restrict or prejudice the jurisdiction or to alter the constitution of any Dean of Guild Court as existing at the commencement of this Act.

202. In burghs having no Dean of Guild Court at the com- Dean of Guild

mencement of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to be

establish a Dean of Guild Court by resolution passed at a meeting e8ta 8 e specially called for the purpose, and it shall also be lawful for the Commissioners of any burgh having an existing Dean of Guild

Court to resolve to discontinue the same as constituted at the commencement of this Act, and to pass a resolution at a meeting specially called for the purpose establishing a new court in terms of the immediately succeeding section of this Act: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall alter, prejudice, or affect the existing constitution, rights, or privileges of any Dean of Guild Court existing at the commencement of this Act, the members, lyners, or assessors whereof are not, under the existing constitution, wholly appointed by the town council of the burgh.

203. The Dean of Guild Court so established shall consist of Dean of Guild the Dean of Guild or of the provost of any burgh not having a Court, how Dean of Guild, and not less than two of the Commissioners, who constltute may also be magistrates, and who shall be elected annually:

Provided always, that it shall Dot be lawful for any member of

the Dean of Guild Court to sit as a member of the said court when any matter in which he is personally interested is under consideration.

204. The Commissioners may appoint a master of works in Commissioners connexion with the Dean of Guild Court, who may also be the may appoint surveyor of the burgh, at such salary as they shall deem proper, °ho whose duty it shall be to report to the said court upon all plans may also be lodged with petitions to the Dean of Guild Court, and to see that ^eb^uTeyor the orders made by the said court are duly carried into execution, 0 urg '

452

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 5G Vict.

Clerk and prosecutor of Guild Court

Coarts to be held.

Guild Court to fix fees and charges.

Service of petitions, c.

Rules and regulations for building.

and from time to time to inspect the works in progress in execution of plans for which warrant has been given by the said court, and to report to the prosecutor in the said court any deviation therefrom, and also to perform any other duties which he may be required to perform by the Commissioners; and such master of works or surveyor shall not be connected directly or indirectly with or interested in any contract or works belonging to any branch of the building trade, nor give any assistance or receive any fees in connexion with plans to be submitted to the court.

205. In any Dean of Guild Court to be established after the commencement of this Act the clerk to the Commissioners shall be the clerk of the Dean of Guild Court, and the burgh prosecutor shall be the prosecutor in the Dean of Guild Court.

200. Dean of Guild Courts shall be held from time to time, and as often as may be necessary, in some convenient place in the burgh.

207. The Dean of Guild Court shall have power from time to time to fix such fees as they may consider sufficient, according to a scale subject to approval by the auditor of the Court of Session, and they may apply such fees and charges in or towards payment of the salaries of the prosecutor in the Dean of Guild Court, clerk of Dean of Guild Court, master of works, or surveyor, or other officers; and any balance of such fees, and of the fines imposed by the said court, shall annually be paid to the credit of the burgh general assessment, and an account of such fees and fines shall be made annually to the Commissioners, and in the event of the amount of fees and fines recovered in any year being insufficient to meet the expenses of the year, such deficiency shall be made good out of the burgh general assessment.

208. Any copy of a petition or any notice to be served upon any owner of lands and premises, or other person whom it is necessary to proceed against or make a party to proceedings before the Dean of Guild Court, may be lawfully and effectually served in the manner herein* after provided with regard to the service of any notice by the Commissioners.

209. Every proceeding before the Dean of Guild Court shall be subject to the following rules and regulations:—

It shall commence by an application in writing or in print, or partly in writing and partly in print; and except where otherwise specially directed, the subsequent steps may be in writing or viva voce, as shall be ordered by the court:

In all other respects the proceedings before the Dean of Guild Court shall be such as apply to the proceedings before the Dean of Guild Court in Royal burghs in Scotland; and the judgments of the court shall be subject to review, as the judgments of such Dean of Guild are subject to review.

1892.

Ch. 55.

453

Burgh Police (Scotland), 1892.

Surveys and Plans.

210. The Commissioners shall procure as herein-after provided a survey and map or maps of the burgh on a scale of not less than twenty-five inches to a mile, and shall cause to be marked thereon the course of all the existing sewers and drains belonging to them or under their care or management, and, as far as can be ascertained, the lines of pipes or conduits for the collection and distribution of water, the course of the pipes for the distribution of gas, and such other works, with such other particulars as may be necessary in order to show the underground works within the burgh, and shall cause the said map or maps to be from time to time corrected, and such additions to be made thereto as may show the sewers and drains for the time being belonging to the Commissioners, and such other pipes and underground works as aforesaid; and such map or maps, or a copy thereof, with the date expressed thereon of the last time when it was so corrected, shall be kept in the office of the clerk of the Commissioners, and shall be open at all reasonable hours to the inspection of the owners or occupiers of any lands or premises within the burgh.

211. The Board of Agriculture shall, on the application of the Commissioners, and at their expense, furnish, for the use of the Commissioners, one or more copies of any map of the burgh or any part thereof which shall have been made by the Ordnance Survey Department, or shall cause a survey to be made of the burgh on a scale of not less than twenty-five inches to the mile, by the said Ordnance Survey Department, for such remuneration as shall previously be agreed upon between the said Board and the Commissioners of the burgh.

212. The Commissioners shall cause to be marked on the map so procured by them a series of marks and figures at convenient distances on the said map, denoting the height of the ground at every such mark above or below the level of a particular spot within the burgh, which may easily be found and identified, the position of which spot shall be described on the map; and shall also cause to be drawn, wherever practicable, lines of equal altitude at every four feet of elevation, or at such other intervals as may appear upon due inquiry to be the best adapted for the guidance of works of sewage and drainage, for the collection and distribution of water, and for other purposes within the burgh, for which a knowledge of the levels of the burgh may be necessary, and shall also cause proper bench marks for denoting the levels to be inscribed and marked at convenient distances and places, at the corner of streets, public or private, on posts, houses, or other prominent objects within the burgh.

213. The Commissioners may cause every such map to be copied, engraved, or printed, and coloured, in such manner as appears to them most convenient, and may defray the costs of any such surveys and maps out of the burgh general assessment.

Commissioners to procure a map of the burgh, which is to be open to inspection.

Board of Agriculture to lurnish maps, or cause surveys to be made.

Level lines to -be marked on map, and bench marks to be made for denoting the same.

Commissioners may cause maps to be engraved, &c.

454

CfL 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Commissioners to cause plans to be prepared of new works or alterations of existing works.

Sewers, &c. vested in Commissioners.

Power to purchase, &c. certain sewers.

Private sewers or watercourses, &c. not to be used without consent.

214. The Commissioners shall cause their surveyor to prepare plans of any new works, and additions to or alterations of existing works, that may be required for the effectual drainage of lands or premises within the burgh, including provision for properly trapped drains or channels for the removal of all waste water and refuse from such lands or premises and from the surface of the streets, and also to draw on such plans the lines that appear to him most advantageous for main sewers, and the best outfalls for clearing the whole burgh of surface moisture, and effecting the drainage of the subsoil, and to point out the most approximate means and sites for the collection and sale of filth and refuse for agricultural or other purposes, and also to set forth any other matters which may assist the Commissioners in carrying into execution, in an economical and effective manner, the several works required to be carried into execution under the provisions of this Act, or which appear to be necessary for the health and convenience of the inhabitants of the burgh.

Public Sewers.

215. All sewers and drains within the burgh, whether existing at the time when this Act comes into force or made at any time thereafter (except private branch drains, drains made and used for the purpose of draining, preserving, or improving land, and sewers made under any local or private Act of Parliament), shall vest in and belong to and be entirely under the management and control of the Commissioners.

216. The Commissioners may purchase the rights, privileges, powers, and authorities vested in any person for making sewers not hereby vested in the Commissioners, or contract for the use of any such sewers, or purchase any such sewers, with or without the buildings, works, materials, and things belonging or appertaining thereto; and any person to whom any such rights, privileges, powers, authorities, sewers, buildings, works, materials, or things belong may sell and dispose of the same to or otherwise contract with the Commissioners; and in case of any such sale the purchase money shall be settled and applied to the same uses and purposes to which the property purchased may have been subject at the time of such sale, and the property purchased shall vest in and belong to the Commissioners, any law to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that notwithstanding any such purchase, any person who previously thereto may have acquired perpetual right to use any sewer so purchased shall be entitled to use the same, or any other sewer substituted in lieu thereof, in as ample a manner as he would have done if such purchase had not been made.

217. Nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to authorise the Commissioners, contrary to any private right, to use, injure, or interfere with any sewers or other works already made or used for the purpose of draining, preserving, or improving land under any local or private Act of Parliament, or for the purpose of irrigating lands, or to use, injure, or interfere with any watercourse, stream, river, dock, basin, wharf, quay, or towing-path in which the owner or occupier of any lands, mills, mines, or machinery, or

1899.

Burgh Police (Scotland), 1892. Ch. 55.

455

the proprietors of any canal or navigation, shall have right and interest, without the consent in writing of the person legally entitled the same; and nothing in this Act contained shall preaffect the rights, privileges, powers, or authorities given or reserved to any person under any local or private Act of Parliament for the drainage, preservation, or improvement of land, or for or in respect of any mills, mines, machinery, canal, or navigation as last aforesaid.

to grant judice or

218. The Commissioners shall form the whole burgh into one Drainage drainage district, subject to the following exceptions and provisions: ... ject to approval

(1.) Where at the application of this Act separate districts exist, of the sheriff, they shall be maintained unless and until they are altered in the manner herein-after provided.

(2.) The Commissioners may divide the burgh into separate drainage districts with the approval of the sheriff, if special and exceptional circumstances exist to the satisfaction of the sheriff, making it expedient to make such division.

(3.) The Commissioners may unite or alter existing separate districts with the approval of the sheriff.

(4.) Any alteration of districts existing at the application of this Act shall be subject to such conditions as the sheriff may impose, having regard to the assessments which have been paid in the existing districts, so as to afford equitable relief to the properties in respect of which such assessments have been paid.

(5.) The Commissioners shall cause their surveyor to define and describe the several drainage districts, and any alterations that may from time to time be made thereof, upon a plan of the burgh to be made as herein provided for.

219. The Commissioners shall from time to time, subject to Power taCom-

the restrictions herein contained as to the notice to be given and to

the plans and estimates to be prepared, cause to be made, under gewers where the streets, or elsewhere, such main and other sewers as shall be none exist,

necessary for the effectual draining of the burgh, and shall also makin?co" '

J, i ii i ., 6 . i i.u penaation to cause to be made all such reservoirs, sluices, engines, and other owners of

works as shall be necessary for cleansing such sewers, and if property, needful they may carry such sewers through and across all underground cellars and vaults under any such streets, doing as little damage as may be, and making full compensation for any damage done; and may carry; the same into or through any enclosed or other lands, making full compensation to the owners and occupiers thereof, and they may cause the refuse from such sewers to be conveyed by a proper channel to the most convenient site for its collection and sale, for agricultural or other purposes, as may be deemed most expedient, but so that the same shall in no case become a nuisance: Provided always, that if in making any such main and other sewers, or in repairing, constructing, or enlarging the same or existing drains or sewers, the contents at present carried into any existing outlet shall be diverted therefrom to the prejudice of any actual existing legal right, the Commissioners shall be bound to make compensation therefor; compensation under

456

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Tftcr.

Commissioners to give notice of new levels or sewers.

Meeting of Commissioners to bear objections.

Where works for sewage provided, streams not to be polluted.

Tli rowing rubbish into streams.

this section shall be settled in the same manner as compensation for land to be taken under the provisions of the Lands Clauses Acts is directed to be settled.

220. Twenty-eight days at the least before making any new sewer where none previously existed, or altering the course or level of or abandoning or stopping any sewer, the Commissioners shall give notice of their intention, by posting a notice in a conspicuous place at each end of every such street through or in which such work is to be undertaken, which notice shall set forth the names of the streets and places through or near \^hich it is intended that the new sewer shall pass, or the existing sewer be altered or stopped up, and also the places at the beginning and the end thereof, and shall refer to the plans of such intended work, and shall specify a place where such plans may be seen, and a time when and place where all persons interested in such intended work may be heard thereupon.

221. The Commissioners shall meet at the time and place mentioned in the said notice to consider, in the presence of the surveyor of the Commissioners, any objections made against such intended work, and all persons interested therein, or likely to be aggrieved thereby, shall be entitled to be heard before the Commissioners at such meeting; and thereupon the Commissioners: may, at their discretion, abandon or make such alterations in the said intended work as they judge fit; and no such work to which any objection is made at such meeting shall be executed unless: the burgh surveyor, after the person making such objection, or his agent, has been heard, shall certify that the work ought to be executed, nor shall such work be begun until the end of seven days after an order for the execution thereof has been duly made by the Commissioners, and entered in their books.

222. Whenever the Commissioners shall have caused pipes or other works to be laid in or along any river, burn, or watercourse within the burgh for the purpose of intercepting and conveying away the sewage which would otherwise flow into and pollute the same, it shall not be lawful for any person to introduce into any part of such river, burn, or watercourse, along which such pipes are laid, any sewage or other offensive matter or thing from any source; and the Commissioners are hereby authorised and required to allow junctions to be made with such pipes or works for the purpose of drainage of any lands and premises which would naturally fall into such river, burn, or watercourse, on such terms as they may arrange with the persons requiring such drainage, and failing such arrangement, on such terms as may be fixed by the sheriff; and the sheriff is hereby required to hear and determine any questions affecting such drainage that may be submitted to him; and every person who shall infringe the provisions of this enactment shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds, and a further penalty not exceeding twenty shillings for each day during which such infringement shall be continued.

223. Any person who shall lay or throw, or cause or procure to be laid or thrown, any rubbish, earth, ashes, corks, straw, soil.

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotlan, 1892. Ch. 55.

457

filth, or refuse, or any other matter, whether offensive or not, into the channel or on the banks or on the sides of any river, bum, or watercourse flowing through or on the boundary of the burgh, shall, upon conviction of such offence before the magistrate, be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings.

224. The Commissioners may from time to time, as they see fit, Commissioner* repair, enlarge, extend, alter, arch, or cover over, and otherwise ^e^rrom improve all or any of the sewers vested in them:and if any of such time to time, sewers at any time appear to them to have become useless, the Commissioners may demolish and discontinue such sewer, provided that it be so done as not to create a nuisance.

225. If any person, by means of any alteration, or discon- Commissioners tinuance of any sewer, or other proceeding of the Commissioners, noJ *? destroy be deprived of the use of any sewer or drain which such person

was theretofore lawfully entitled to use, the Commissioners shall without pro-

provide some other sewer or drain equally effectual for such viding others.

purpose; and if the Commissioners do not within seven days after

notice in writing served upon them begin, and thereupon diligently

proceed, to restore to its former effective state such drain or sewer,

or to provide such other sewer or drain as aforesaid, they shall forfeit to the person aggrieved a sum not exceeding forty shillings

for every day after the expiration of such seven days during which

he is deprived of the use of the drain or sewer to which he was so

entitled, and is not provided with such other drain or sewer as

aforesaid.

226. Before entering into any contract for executing any such Commissioners work as aforesaid, the Commissioners shall procure from their to cau8e surveyor an estimate of the probable expense of constructing the Spared same in a substantial manner, and of the yearly expense of main- before execu-taining the same in repair, and such surveyor shall accompany tion of works, such estimate with a report as to the most advantageous mode of constructing such work, whether under a contract for constructing

the same merely, or a contract for constructing the same and maintaining it in repair during a given term of years.

227. Every person, not being employed or authorised for that Penalty for purpose by the Commissioners, who shall make any drain from any

lands or premises into any of the sewers vested in the Commis- drain"8* sioners, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds; and the Commissioners may cause such drain to be re-made as they think fit, and the expense incurred thereby shall be paid by the owner of the lands or premises, and that over and above a reasonable sum of money for the use of the sewers, which the Commissioners are herein-after authorised and required to exact for the use of the sewers.

228. No building shall be erected over any sewer belonging to Vaults and the Commissioners, and no vault, arch, or cellar shall be made g^ee" not n> under the carriageway of any street, public or private, without the be nmde consent of the Commissioners first obtained in writing; and if such without con-Consent be obtained all such vaults, arches, and cellars shall be mi"sioi er?" substantially made, and so as not to interfere or communicate with

458

Ch. 55.

Bwrgh Police (Scotland) Act. 1892. 55 & 56 VICT.

Sewers, &c. to be trapped and ventilated.

Ventilation of sewers.

Commissioners may arrange with the occupier of any manufac-

tory, &c.

Costs an& charges.

Distillers and others to construct reservoirs to deposit refuse.

any sewers belonging to the Commissioners; and if after this Act comes into operation in the burgh any building be erected, or any vault, arch, or cellar be made therein, contrary to the provisions herein contained, the Commissioners may demolish or fill up the same, and the expenses incurred thereby shall be paid by the person erecting such building, or making such vault, arch, or cellar.

229. All sewers and drains, whether public or private, shall be trapped and ventilated by the Commissioners or other persons to whom they severally belong.

230. The Commissioners shall have power for the purpose of providing ventilation for the existing sewers or drains, or for such sewers or drains as may hereafter be constructed, to acquire, by agreement, lands and premises, and to construct all ventilating shafts, furnaces, and other means of ventilating the sewers and other works which may from time to time be found necessary, and if for completing any works required in the execution of this provision it be found necessary to carry them upon, into, or through any enclosed or other private premises, the Commissioners shall have and may exercise the like powers and be liable to the like conditions and restrictions which are by this Act provided with reference to the construction of sewers.

231. The Commissioners may also arrange with the owners or occupiers of any manufactory, gas work, or brewery, having furnace and chimney shafts so situated as to be available for the ventilation of the adjacent sewers and drains for such ventilation, or of other suitable premises, to lay and fix such ventilators, pipes, or shafts into, on, or against all such buildings or premises as to them may seem proper, and as may be agreed on, making compensation to the owners thereof.

232. All costs and expenses which may be incurred by the Commissioners in carrying the provisions for ventilating the sewers or drains into effect shall form a charge against the " general sewer rate " or against any " special sewer rate " which in their judgment may be properly chargeable therewith.

233. Any owner or occupier of distilleries, manufactories, or other works who causes or permits any refuse, refuse water, steam, or other substance fitted to interrupt the free passage of a sewer or to be otherwise injurious thereto, or to be injurious to the health of persons living in the vicinity, to enter a public sewer, river, or inland loch, or public reservoir or dock from any such works shall be guilty of an offence, and shall, on conviction before the sheriff, be liable to a penalty of five pounds for every day or part of a day during which such offence continues, besides being liable for all damages, and for all expenses for taking out of the sewer any refuse or substance that may have entered it from his works.

Such owners and occupiers shall construct pools or reservoirs as near their works as possible, for receiving and depositing such refuse and other substances.

If it shall be impracticable, in the judgment of the Commissioners, to render such refuse or other substances inoffensive or

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland), 1892. Ch. 55.

459

innocuous, or to prevent the same from interrupting the free passage of the sewer, or otherwise injuring the same, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to prohibit and interdict such owner or occupier from permitting the same to run into such sewer from his works aforesaid; and while such prohibition and interdict are in force, or if and so long as the owner or occupier of such works makes no use of the sewers, in consequence of having before this Act came into operation made separate arrangements for the drainage of the works, such owner or occupier shall be entitled to be exempted from the sewer rates to the extent of seventy-five per centum thereof applicable to the whole building or such part or parts thereof as by such prohibition or previous separate arrangement are deprived directly or indirectly of any benefit from the sewer; provided that the sewer rates payable in respect of the other parts of such distilleries, manufactories, and other works, and all warehouses, offices, and other buildings connected therewith, shall still remain payable; and if the prohibition and interdict be at any time by the Commissioners withdrawn, or the owner or occupier having previous separate arrangements shall begin to use the sewers, then the exemption shall cease so soon as the owner or occupier avails himself to any extent of the withdrawal of the prohibition by permitting the substances prohibited to pass into the sewers, and if the owner or occupier is dis-satisfied with the decision of the Commissioners as to the question of practicability aforesaid, or as to the part of the works for which such exemption ought to be made, it shall be lawful for such owner or occupier to appeal to the sheriff in manner after provided.

234. Any person, being the owner or occupier of any lands or premises beyond the burgh, or not included in any drainage district thereof, and in respect of which be would not be liable for the payment of the rates authorised to be levied under this Act or the local authority of any district under the Public Health Acts, may, with the consent of the Commissioners in writing, upon payment to them of a reasonable sum of money, to be agreed upon between them, at his or their own expense, and under the superintendence of the surveyor of the Commissioners, cause to branch into and to communicate with any of the sewers belonging to the Commissioners any sewer or drain in respect of the said lands or premises or district which may be lawfully made therefrom, of such size and in such form of communication as the Commissioners approve of: but nothing in this Act contained shall affect any right theretofore acquired by such owner or occupier to use any of the sewers or drains belonging to the Commissioners.

235. If the Commissioners shall consider it necessary for public health that any drain should discharge itself below high-water mark they shall be entitled, with the consent of the Board of Trade, to construct the requisite works for that purpose under the regulations provided in regard to works authorised by this Act.

236. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners to borrow, for the purpose of making, purchasing, enlarging, ventilating, reconstructing, and maintaining sewers, and on the security of the said special

Sewers may be used by owners and occupiers of land or premises beyond limits of burgh.

Drains may be made to discharge below high-water mark.

Power to borrow money for the construction of sewers.

460

Ch. 55.

Bwrgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Appeal by persons aggrieved by making, &c. sewers.

Commissioners may construct drains from houses, charging owners, &c. with the expense.

No house to be hereafter built without drains being constructed.

sewer rates and general sewer rates, such sums of money, and at such times, as the Commissioners shall deem necessary for that purpose, and to assign the said special sewer rates and general sewer rates in security of the money to be so borrowed; and the provisions of this Act with respect to the borrowing of money and the granting of bonds therefor, and the transference and recording of such bonds, shall be applicable to the borrowing of money for such purpose; and the bonds to be granted for the money so to be borrowed shall, mutatis mutandis, be as near as may be in the form set forth in this Act for bonds to be granted for money borrowed under the general powers of this Act, and shall constitute a lien over the special sewer rates and general sewer rates thereby assigned, and shall entitle the creditors therein to recover the sums thereby due from the Commissioners and their officers out of the first and readiest of the said special and general sewer rates: and the money so borrowed shall be applied wholly to the purpose aforesaid, and to no other purpose whatsoever; and the special and general sewer rates shall not be liable for nor be assigned in security of the payment of any sums borrowed by the Commissioners for any other than such purpose.

237. It shall be lawful for any person whose property may be taken or injuriously affected by the making, altering, and maintaining sewers, or who may think himself thereby aggrieved to appeal to the sheriff in manner after provided.

Drainage of Houses.

238. If any house or building and its pertinents be at any time not drained by a sufficient drain or pipe communicating with some sewer or with the sea, to the satisfaction of the Commissioners, and if there shall be such means of drainage within one hundred yards of any part of such house or building, the Commissioners shall construct or lay therefrom a covered branch drain or pipe of such materials, of such size, at such level, and with such fall as they think necessary for the drainage of such house or building, -its areas, waterclosets, and offices; and the expense thereof shall be recoverable from the owner of such house or building, over and above any sum that may be charged for the use of the sewers as after provided for.

239. No house or building shall be built upon a lower level than will allow the drainage of the wash and refuse thereof to fall into some sewer belonging to the Commissioners, either then existing or marked out upon the map herein directed to be made by them; and if there be such means of drainage existing within one hundred yards of such intended house or building, the Commissioners shall cause a branch drain leading thereunto from the intended site of such house to be made of such materials, of such size, at such level, and with such fall as they think fit; or if there be no such means of drainage within one hundred yards of any part of the said intended site of such house or building, then such drain shall be made so as to lead into such covered cesspool

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

461

or obher place as the Commissioners direct, not being under any dwelling-house or other occupied building, and shall be constructed and kept in complete repair to the satisfaction of the Commissioners, so as effectually to prevent any leakage or effluvium therefrom until such sewer as aforesaid is made by the Commissioners, when they shall make a drain to communicate with such new made sewer, and shall demolish and fill up any such cesspool; and all such expenses shall be recoverable from the owners as a private improvement assessment.

240. Whenever any house is rebuilt, the level of the cellar or where houses

other lowest floor of such house shall be raised sufficiently to

allow of the construction of such drain as is herein-before pro- Efficient to

vided in the case of houses to be built after the application of allow a drain

this Act; and whenever any house is taken down to or below the ceiling of the floor, commonly called the ground or street floor, for 8 ra the purpose of being built up ugain, such building shall be deemed a rebuilding within the meaning of this Act.

241. Proper ventilation shall, if required by the Commissioners, Ventilation of be provided in the drainage of every house or building by special ho"M dram* pipe or shaft, or by such other method as they shall direct; and '

all other inlets to drains shall be properly trapped.

242. All branch drains, as well within as without the premises Drains and to which they belong, and all cesspools or reservoirs, shall be

under the survey and control of the Commissioners, and shall be order by reconstructed or altered, repaired, and kept in proper order at the owners, cost and charges of the owners of the premises to which the same belong, or for the use of which they are constructed or continued.

243. The surveyor of the Commissioners may, and when re- inspection of quested by the medical officer of health or the sanitary inspector drain8 and shall inspect any drain or cesspool or reservoir, and for that pur- ce8spo°1 pose, at all reasonable times in the daytime, after twenty-four

hours notice in writing to the occupier of the premises to which such drain or cesspool or reservoir is attached, may enter upon any premises with such assistants or workmen as may be necessary, and cause the ground to be opened where he thinks fit, doing as little damage as may be; and if such drain or cesspool or reservoir be found to be in proper order and condition, he shall cause the ground to be closed and made good as soon as may be; and the expense of opening, closing, and making good such drain or cesspool or reservoir shall in that case be defrayed by the Commissioners; and all branch drains which have been opened for repairs, or for any purpose whatever, shall not be covered up before they have been inspected and tested by the Commissioners or their surveyor, which inspection and testing shall be made within twenty-four hours after notice has been given by the owner of the branch drain; and any owner or agent or builder who opens or causes to be opened, and who covers up or causes to be covered up any branch drain without such notice to the Commissioners or their surveyor shall be liable to a penalty of five pounds; and the Commissioners may order such branch drain to be again uncovered for the purpose of inspection

462

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Penalty on persons making or altering drains, &c., contrary to orders of Commissioners.

Parties

aggrieved may appeal to sheriff.

Water and waterclosets.

Owners of flats of houses to have supply pipe from water-pipe.

and test at the expense of the owner or agent or builder who opened or caused the drain to be opened.

244. If such drain or cesspool or reservoir be on inspection found to have been constructed after this Act came into force, contrary to the directions and regulations of the Commissioners, or contrary to the provisions of this Act, or if any person, without the consent of the Commissioners, shall construct, rebuild, or unstop any drain or cesspool or reservoir, every person so doing shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds; and the Commissioners may cause such amendments or alterations to be made in any such drain or cesspool or reservoir as they think fit

245. It shall be lawful for any person whose property may be thereby taken or injuriously affected by the construction cr use of house or branch drains, and who thinks himself thereby aggrieved, to appeal to the sheriff in manner herein-after provided.

Soil-Pipes and Waterclosets.

246. Within one month after notice given by the Commissioners in writing for that purpose, the owner of every house or part of a house occupied by a separate family, into which water has not been already introduced, shall, subject to the provisions of any byelaws made by the Commissioners, introduce water thereto, and shall fit up in some window, recess, or other well-lighted and ventilated place, a sink sufficient to carry off the whole foul water; and after a like notice every such owner shall also, subject as aforesaid, provide for such house or part of a house occupied by a separate family, wherever practicable, a sufficient watercloset: Provided always, that if, in the opinion of the Commissioners, it is not advisable to introduce water-closets into each house, or part of a house, they, after a like notice, may, subject as aforesaid, require the owners of a tenement to construct on each flat, or in some convenient place or places adjacent to such tenement, a sufficient number of waterclosets for the separate use of each sex of the inmates and occupiers of the said tenements: Provided further, that this enactment shall not be enforced by the Commissioners where, from water not having been laid under sufficient pressure, or from drains being still unmade, or from any other cause, such works shall be impracticable or inexpedient.

247. It shall be lawful for the owners of any one or more floors or stories of any house or other building to have a supply pipe from any water-pipe in the street brought up the common staircase, or along the back or side wall of the tenement on the outside, and either passing underground through the sunken story or lowest flat, or, where practicable, through any common entry: Provided always, that authority shall be first obtained from the magistrate, which may be granted summarily, on hearing the parties concerned, without written pleading, to lay and put up such pipe; and the expense thereof, and of keeping the same in repair, and the damage thereby occasioned to the street and otherwise, shall be defrayed by the person, owner or owners of the propertiee

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland), 1892. Ch. 55,

463

for which such supply pipe has been provided; and no person shall have power to join the supply pipe to any main pipe without the sanction of the magistrate so obtained, and of any water company or other persons who may supply such water.

248. Where there are two or more houses in any tenement, the owner and occupier of each house shall permit soil-pipes, if unavoidably necessary, to be carried through the same; and the owner and occupier of the lowest story shall permit such soil-pipes, if necessary, to be carried through and under the same, and all such owners and occupiers shall at all reasonable times afford access to all such houses for the construction of the works, and for making all repairs necessary thereon, without any claim for compensation:Provided always, that the work shall be so executed at the sight of the burgh surveyor, and so as to occasion the least inconvenience to any such owner and occupier, and that any injury done to such houses in the execution of the works shall be forthwith repaired, and that the authority of the magistrate shall first be obtained, in the manner herein-before provided with respect to supply pipes from water-main

249. The occupier of any house or other place into the cesspool or soil-pipe of which any ashes, or other matter calculated to choke the same, shall be introduced or allowed to enter by him or others in his house, shall be liable in a penalty not exceeding forty shillings, besides being liable to repair any damage.

250. In all streets and other places where common sewers are or may be constructed, it shall be lawful for any owner of one or more floors or stories of any house or other building divided into separate floors or stories (on obtaining authority for the purpose from the magistrate summarily, on the report and recommendation of the surveyor, or of such other person skilled in building as any of the magistrates may appoint, and on hearing the parties interested), to erect a waste or foul water-pipe or soil-pipe with trap in or upon the common staircase, or upon any wall of the tenement on the outside, to communicate with any drain underground leading into the common sewer where there is such drain, and with power to make such drain if none such already exist: Provided always, that the sanction of the Commissioners shall be obtained before connecting such drain with any common sewer in the street; and the expense and damage occasioned by erecting and constructing such pipe, drain, and communication, with the expense of restoring the street, so far as interfered with, and the expense of keeping such drain and communication clean and in good repair, with such reasonable allowance for the use of the common sewer in the street as the Commissioners may fix, shall be defrayed by the owners of the floors or flats making use thereof, in proportion to their respective rents or annual value, as the same may be ascertained from the valuation roll or police assessment books or otherwise; and in case of dispute among the parties or any of them relative to their proportion of such expense, the same shall be determined by the magistrates, or any one of them, in a summary manner, and such decision shall be final.

Soil-pipes may be carried through the different houses.

Penalty for introducing ashes into soil-pipes.

Owners of flats of houses may erect waste-pipes to communicate with drains.

464

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) A, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Construction of water-closets, 8cc.

Construction of cesspools, See.

Construction of ashpits, &c., and use of same.

Owners to remove cesspools after notice.

Power to enforce conversion of privies into waterclosets.

251. The situation, dimensions, materials, and construction of every watercloset or earth-closet and privy shall be subject to the approval of the Commissioners, and every watercloset, earth-closet, or privy hereafter to be constructed shall be placed in such a position that one of its sides shall be an external wall, with a window therein, containing an area of at least six superficial feet, one half of which shall be made to open; and the cistern which supplies the watercloset (except the service pipe connected therewith) shall have no communication with the watercloset: Provided that in the case of waterclosets, earth-closets, or privies constructed prior to the passing of this Act it shall be optional for the Commissioners to require the owner or occupier to comply with the provisions of this section, or otherwise to provide ventilation therefor, and any owner or occupier who is dis-satisfied with the requirement of the Commissioners may appeal to the sheriff, whose judgment shall be final.

252. A cesspool shall not be allowed for any house or building except when unavoidable, in which event it shall be constructed in such situation and in such manner and under such conditions as the Commissioners direct. It shall in every case be made water-tight, it shall be arched or otherwise covered over, and shall have a current of fresh air conducted by pipe or shaft thereinto, and a pipe or shaft for ventilation shall be carried up from it or from the drain communicating with it from the watercloset or privy, as the Commissioners may direct.

253. The situation, dimensions, drainage, materials, mode of access, and construction of every ashpit shall be subject to the approval of the Commissioners, and shall be of sufficient size to contain the ashes and dry refuse likely to accumulate between such visits of the scavengers as the Commissioners may prescribe:Provided further, that if any person, not being the owner or occupier of the house or premises to which any ashpit belongs or is attached, shall deposit or use the said ashpit for the deposit of ashes or diy refuse, or any other matter or thing, such party shall be guilty of an offence, and on conviction thereof liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings.

254. The owner of any privy, ashpit, cesspool, or midden, extending wholly or partially under or close to any room built before or after this Act comes into operation in the burgh, shall within one month after notice to that effect from the Commissioners remove or cleanse and build up such privy, ashpit, cesspool, and midden.

255. Where any privy, ashpit, or cesspool is certified by the medical officer of health to be prejudicial to health, of defective construction, or without drainage, or in a bad state of repair, or to be so situate that the removal of filth or refuse therefrom is prejudicial to health, the Commissioners may, by written notice, require the owner of the same within a reasonable time, to be specified in the notice, to reconstruct, or alter, or repair, such privy, ashpit, or cesspool, or to convert the privy into a water-closet or earth-closet, all as the case may require, to the satis-

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

465

faction of the Commissioners; and the Commissioners may, if they think fit, order the removal of such privy, ashpit, or cesspool.

256. The Commissioners may order the owner or occupier of Urinals, &c. -any inn, public-house, beerhouse, eating-house, cook-shop, or other to

place of public* entertainment or amusement, built before or after houses, &c. this Act, to provide within such time as the Commissioners think fit, and thenceforward to maintain upon or adjoining his premises, waterclosets, earth-closets, and urinals, one or more, to the satisfaction of the Commissioners; and if any person fail in any respect to comply with the provisions of this enactment he shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five shillings for every day during which such failure continues after the expiration of fourteen days from the service of such order on him, and the ‘Commissioners may order the owner and occupier of any premises to remove any watercloset, earth-closet, or urinal belonging thereto, where it appears to them so situated or constructed as to be a nuisance or offensive to public decency, or otherwise objectionable, and all such urimds shall be cleansed once in twenty-four hours by the occupier of the house or place to which they belong, to the satisfaction of the Commissioners; and in default thereof such occupier shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings for every offence.

Supply of Water.

257. The Commissioners, except when provision is otherwise Power to Commade under the authority of an Act of Parliament, shall cause all "u^ioners to existing public cisterns, pumps, wells, conduits, fountains, and publiccisterns other waterworks used for the gratuitous supply of water to the and pumps for inhabitants within the burgh, unless the water therein is found J'te/to^aths to be dangerous or injurious to health or unfit for dietetic purposes, andwash-

to be continued, maintained, and supplied with water, or they shall houses, substitute other such works equally convenient, and shall cause them to be maintained and supplied with water; and such public cisterns and other works shall be vested in the Commissioners, and be under their management and control; and the Commissioners may construct and maintain any number of new cisterns, pumps, conduits, fountains, and other waterworks for the gratuitous use of any persons who choose to carry the water away, not for sale, but for their own private use, and may supply with water any public baths or wash-houses.

258. The Commissioners may contract, for any period not ex- Commissioners ceeding three years at one time, with the owners of any waterworks,

or any other person, for such supply of water as the Commissioners water. P J shall think necessary for the purposes of this Act.

259. If the Commissioners, and the owners of any waterworks For ascertain-for supplying water within the burgh, with whom the Commissioners may be desirous of contracting for the supply of water to fn caseV^ the inhabitants, do not agree as to the terms and conditions of the dispute, supply and the price to be paid for such supply, then such terms and conditions and price (except where by the Act authorising such

466

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892 55 & 56 Vict.

Firecocks may be placed on pipes of water companies.

Commissioners may provide sufficient supplies of water, and may erect waterworks, &c.

waterworks some other mode of determining such terms and conditions and price shall be provided) shall be settled by arbitration, and for that purpose, the clauses of the Lands Clauses Acts with respect to the settlement of disputes by arbitration shall be incorporated with this Act.

260. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners, at the sight of the engineer of any water company established or to be established for supplying water within the burgh, or any company or corporation actually supplying water within the burgh, to place proper firecocks upon the pipes belonging to any such company within the burgh, at such convenient distances from each other and at such places as may be considered proper for the supply of the fire engines when brought into operation, the positions of such firecocks being first arranged by the Commissioners with the directors of such water company; and in case of difference of opinion between them, the same shall be determined by the sheriff, whose judgment thereon shall be final, and not subject to review.

261. The Commissioners may provide the burgh with such a supply of water as may be proper and sufficient for the purposes of this Act, and may maintain such a constant flow of water, by means of a reservoir or reservoirs or otherwise, as may be requisite for the health of the inhabitants or the amenity of the burgh, and for private use to the extent required by this Act; and for other purposes, or any of them, the Commissioners may from time to time contract with any person whomsoever, or purchase, take upon lease, hire, construct, lay down, and maintain such reservoirs and waterworks, and do and execute all such works, matters, and things as shall be necessary and proper, including the opening of streets, public or private, from time to time for the purpose of laying down, altering, or repairing water pipes therein; and any waterworks company or owners or lessees of reservoirs may contract with the Commissioners to supply water for the purposes of this Act in any manner whatsoever, or may sell and dispose of or lease their reservoirs and waterworks to the Commissioners; and the Commissioners may provide and keep in any waterworks constructed or laid down by them under the powers of this Act a supply of pure and wholesome water, and the water so supplied may be constantly laid on at such pressure as will carry the same to the top story of the highest dwelling-house within the burgh; and the Commissioners, by means of such reservoirs and waterworks, or either of them, may maintain such a constant flow of water as may be requisite for the health of the inhabitants or the amenity of the burgh: Provided always, that before constructing or laying down any waterworks under the powers of this Act, within any limits within, for, or in respect of which any waterworks company or water commissioners shall have been established for supplying water, the Commissioners shall give notice in writing to every waterworks company or water commissioners within whose limits the Commissioners may be desirous of laying on or supplying water, stating the purposes for and (as far as may be practicable) the extent to which water is required by the Commissioners; and it shall not be lawful for the

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

m

Commissioners to construct or lay down any waterworks within such limits, if and so long as any such company or water commissioners shall be able and willing to lay on water proper and sufficient for all reasonable purposes for which it is required by the Commissioners; and in case any difference shall arise as to whether the water which any such company is able and willing to supply or lay on is proper and sufficient for the purposes for which it is required by the Commissioners, or whether the purposes for which it is required are reasonable, the same shall be settled by the sheriff, upon summary application by either of the parties, and the decision of the sheriff shall be final.

262. In every burgh having less than five thousand inhabitants Burghs having at the date of the last census, if the Commissioners resolve that, in leM than five order to obtain a supply of water for the burgh, it is necessary for inhabitants them to acquire land otherwise than by agreement, they may, may obtain instead of proceeding under the Public Health Acts, present a fro th« petition to the sheriff in manner herein-before provided, and p0torypowe» obtain his authority to put in force the provisions of the Lands for water Clauses Acts with reference to the acquisition of lands otherwise *°pply* than by agreement.

263. Where the Commissioners resolve to supply the houses Service pipes or tenements within the burgh with water for domestic and to be laid by ordinary purposes, the owners of such houses and tenements shall owner8‘

be entitled to obtain such supply by connecting a service pipe with the main pipes to be laid down by the Commissioners, the expense of such service pipes and of connecting the same with the main pipes being defrayed by such owners; and where the houses and tenements generally in any street within the burgh shall be supplied with water by means of such service pipes, it shall be competent to the Commissioners to require the owner ot any tenement in such streets not so supplied to take a supply of water by connecting a service pipe with the main pipe as aforesaid; and in the event of refusal or delay on the part of such owner to comply with such requisition, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to enter such house or premises and proceed to lay down such service pipe themselves, and to recover the expense thereof from such owner; and wherever it is practicable all supplies of water for domestic use shall be taken direct from the main or service pipes and not from cisterns.

264. No person shall be entitled, without special agreement Water to be with the Commissioners, to use the water supplied through the

pipes of the Commissioners, except for domestic and ordinary 0rdiJ^r

purposes; but where there is a supply of water more than is poses, unless

required for such domestic and ordinary purposes within the

burgh, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to contract with any loners.mnMS '

person or persons within the burgh to supply any public baths and

washhouses, works, manufactories, or other premises within the

burgh with water, at such rate and upon such terms and conditions

as may be agreed on; or, in the event of disagreement, either as to

the ability of the Commissioners to give the supply, or as to the

rate, terms, or conditions on or in respect of which the supply is to

468

Supply of water for domestic purposes.

Drinking

fountains.

Incorporation of certain provisions of the Waterworks Clauses Acts.

Ch. 55. Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

be given, the same shall be fixed by the sheriff, upon summary application by either of the parties, and the decision of the sheriff shall be final: Provided that when water is thus supplied from such surplus, it shall not be lawful for the Commissioners to charge the parties obtaining the same both with the portion of the burgh general assessment applicable to water supply, and also for the supply of water obtained by them; but the Commissioners may either charge the said assessment leviable on such premises or charge for the supply of water furnished to the same, as they shall think fit; and it shall also be lawful for the Commissioners to dispose of any surplus water, not required for any purpose within the burgh, to any person or persons outside the burgh, at such rate and upon such terms and conditions as may be agreed on.

It shall further be lawful for the Commissioners to dispose of any surplus water not required for any of the purposes aforesaid within the burgh to the commissioners or trustees of any harbour or other person owning or managing any harbour within or near to the burgh for the purpose of supplying vessels within the harbour and for the extinction of fires in such vessels, or in any buildings or other property within the limits of the harbour and subject to the administration of such commissioners or trustees of the harbour or other persons, and such commissioners qy trustees of the harbour or other persons may demand and levy from the owner, master, agent, manager, or other person in charge of any vessel applying for and receiving such supply of water, a reasonable sum of money in respect thereof, and in the event of disagreement as to the rate, terms, or conditions on which such supply shall be given by such commissioners or trustees of the harbour or other persons to such vessels, the same shall be fixed by the sheriff upon summary application by either of the parties, and the decision of the sheriff shall be final.

265. A supply of water for domestic and ordinary purposes shall not include a supply of water for cattle or for horses, or for washing carriages, or for steam engines, or for railway purposes, or for warming or ventilating purposes in public buildings, or for working any machine or apparatus, or for any trade, manufacture, or business whatsoever, or for watering gardens by means of any tap, tube, pipe, or other such like apparatus, or for fountains, or for flushing sewers or drains, or for public baths or washhouses, or for any ornamental purpose whatever.

266. The Commissioners may from time to time erect and maintain, or allow to be erected and maintained, in any street or public place any ornamental drinking fountain or trough.

267. With respect to the supply of water all the clauses and provisions of the Waterworks Clauses Acts, 1847 and 1863, and any Act amending the same, with respect to the following matters; (that is to say,)

The construction of the waterworks:

The communication pipes to be laid by the inhabitants:

Waste or misuse of the water supplied by the undertakers:

1892. Burgh Police (Scotland), 1892. Ch. 55.

Guarding against fouling the water of the undertakers:

The payment and recovery of the water rates:

The recovery of damages not specially provided for, and of penalties, and to the determination of any other matter referred to justices or to the sheriff: shall, so far as the same are not varied by the provisions of this Act, be incorporated with this Act; and the expression "the undertakers'' in the said Waterworks Clauses Acts shall, in reference to this Act, mean the Commissioners under this Act: Provided always, that the water to be supplied by the Commissioners need not be constantly laid on under pressure; and provided also, that for shops the water rate, or portion of burgh general assessment applicable to water, shall be chargeable only on one fourth of the rental of the premises, unless in special circumstances the Commissioners see cause to charge the ordinary rates, and in that case it shall be lawful for any person who may think himself thereby aggrieved to appeal to the sheriff in manner herein-after provided.

268. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners to make byelaws regulating all or any matters and things whatsoever connected with the water to be supplied within the burgh through their pipes.

269. The provisions of this Act with respect to supply of water shall not apply in the case of any burgh which is or may be before the thirty-first day of December, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four, supplied with water under the powers of any local Act or Acts.

Hackney Carriages, Omnibuses, and Porters.

270. The magistrates may from time to time license to ply for hire within five miles from the principal post office of the burgh such number of hackney coaches, omnibuses, or carriages of any kind or description, adapted to the carriage of persons, as they shall think fit, and they shall also license all other carriages let for hire within the burgh.

271. With respect to hackney carnages the regulations contained in Schedule V. of this Act shall be observed, but such regulations may be altered by the magistrates, with the approval of the sheriff.

272. The magistrates may prevent within the limits of their jurisdiction the plying or running of omnibuses, tramway cars, or other carriages for the conveyance of passengers which shall be in a state of disrepair or insecurity, or not adapted in all other respects for the conveyance of passengers with safety and comfort, or drawn by horses not sufficiently strong or in good condition, or not sufficiently trained or broken-in, and that by refusing, suspending, or recalling licences, and imposing penalties not exceeding for each offence five pounds on the owners or contractors, guards or drivers of such omnibuses, tramway cars, or other carriages which shall, on the complaint of the burgh prosecutor, be found by the magistrate before whom such owners, contractors, guards, or drivers may be

46»

Byelaws in reference to water.

Provisions with respect to supplying water not to apply in certain cases.

Hackney carriages to be licensed -

Regulations for hackney carriages.

Regulations as to omnibuses or carriages plying within burgh.

470

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Cabmen's

shelters.

Shoeblack

stands.

Magistrates may license porters and others who apply for licence and badge of office.

Restriction as to vending by children.

brought to be in an unsafe or unfit state for the conveyance of passengers, or drawn as aforesaid; and the magistrates are further empowered to make byelaws for regulating the number of passengers to be carried by and times of running of such omnibuses, tramway cars, or other carriages, the places at which the same shall stand, the time at which the same shall start, and all other matters tending to \romcte regularity and public convenience and safety, and also for ensuring good conduct on the part of the passengers or other persons making use of such omnibuses, tramway cars, and other carriages, and to enforce such byelaws against persons found guilty of any breach thereof, upon the complaint of the burgh prosecutor and under a like penalty, and they may alter and repeal such byelaws from time to time.

273. The Commissioners may authorise suitable erections for the use, convenience, and shelter of drivers of hackney carriages, omnibuses, and tramway cars, or of cartel's or porters, to be placed in such of the streets of the burgh as they may think fit, and may make regulations for the management and use of such places, and the conduct of the persons resorting thereto.

274. The Commissioners may authorise suitable movable stands, for the purpose of enabling persons to follow the occupation of shoeblacks, to be placed in such streets as they may think fit, and they n\py make regulations for the conduct of such persons, and the use by them or the public of such stands.

275. It shall be lawful for the magistrates to license all persons who may be desirous of becoming porters, messengers (that is to say, persons following the business of carrying errands, messages, parcels or luggage for hire), chimney sweepers, golf cadies, or vendors of newspapers or small wares within the burgh, after being satisfied as to their character and qualifications, and to grant them a licence badge, for which a small sum shall be exigible, and which badge shall be held during their good behaviour; and the magistrates may also make byelaws to regulate the conduct of all such persons and their charges, and from time to time to rescind, alter, or amend such byelaws, and shall set down what penalties shall be incurred by persons breaking or evading any of them, not exceeding the sum of ten shillings for each offence.

276. No child under the age of twelve years shall be permitted to vend newspapers or other articles within the burgh who has not obtained a licence and a licence badge from the magistrates; nor shall any child under the said age in any case be permitted to vend newspapers or other articles after nine of the clock at night; and the magistrates shall from time to time make such byelaws as shall to them seem proper to regulate the conduct of such children; and the parents and guardians of any child under the said age who knowingly suffer such child to vend newspapers or other articles without such licence or after the said hour of nine of the clock at night, or to contravene any of the byelaws made by the magistrates, shall be liable on conviction to a penalty not exceeding twenty

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

471

shillings for each offence; and any person supplying newspapers for the purpose of sale by any child, knowing such child to be under twelve years of age, and that such child has no licence, shall be liable on conviction to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings for each offence.

Markets.

277. The Commissioners shall have power to do the following Commia-things, or any of them: sionenr powers

To improve any existing market places: a^to markets,

To provide a market place, and construct a market house and other conveniences for the purpose of holding markets:

To provide houses and places for weighing carts:

To make convenient approaches to such market:

To provide all such matters and things as may be necessary for the convenient use of such market:

To take stallages, rents, and tolls in respect of the use by any person of such market house:

But no market shall be established in pursuance hereof so as to interfere with any rights, powers, or privileges enjoyed by any person, without his consent

For the purpose of enabling the Commissioners to establish markets in manner aforesaid, or to improve and regulate markets already established in any burgh, there shall be incorporated with this Act the provisions of the Markets and Fairs Clauses Act, 1847, and the Markets and Fairs (Weighing of Cattle)

Act, 1887, in so far as the same relate to markets:

With respect to the holding of the market or fair and the protection thereof; and With respect to the weighing goods and carts; and With respect to the stallages, rents, and tolls; and With respect to byelaws:

Subject to this proviso, that all tolls leviable by the Commissioners in pursuance of this Act shall be approved of by the sheriff.

Slaughter-Houses.

278. The Commissioners may provide, establish, improve, or Commia-extend, within or without the burgh, fit shambles or daughter- raa7 houses for the purpose of slaughtering cattle, and for that purpose gi^ghter-may borrow such sums of money as they shall find necessary, on house *, the security of the burgh general assessment, and of the rates to be taken and levied for the use of such shambles and slaughter-houses, and of the shambles or slaughter-houses and ground on which the same are erected, or on any one or more thereof, and they may also license such slaughter-houses as they may from time to time think proper for slaughtering cattle within the burgh.

And where in any burgh the Commissioners, or their predecessors in office, shall have provided and established such shambles or slaughter-houses, and shall have paid for that purpose moneys out of the police or other funds under their charge, the Commissioners may repay such moneys out of the burgh general assessment, or out of any moneys borrowed on the security thereof, in so

472

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

far as the moneys so paid exceed in amount the moneys borrowed for the purposes of such shambles or slaughter-houses, under the powers of any special Act or provisional order, and may for the purpose of such repayment borrow money on the security of the burgh general assessment; and they may also apply any funds under their charge towards the maintenance and management of such shambles or slaughter-houses, and the payment of any feu duties or other annual burdens affecting the same, in the event of the rates levied for the use thereof not being sufficient for those purposes.

No slaughter- 279. No place shall be used or occupied as a slaughter-house houses in within the burgh unless and until a licence for the erection thereof, erected without or ^or use or occupation thereof as a slaughter-house, has been a licence. obtained from the Commissioners; and every person who, without such licence, uses as a slaughter-house any place within the burgh, shall for each offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds, and a like penalty for every day after the conviction for such offence upon which such offence is continued.

Officer of health to report on sanitary condition of slaughterhouses.

280. The medical officer of health of the burgh shall report to the Commissioners on the sanitary condition of all slaughter-houses belonging to or licensed by the Commissioners at least twice every year, and he, as well as the sanitary inspector, and any other person who may be specially appointed by the Commissioners for the purpose, shall have right of access to such slaughter-houses at all reasonable times for the purpose of inspecting the same.

Commissioners 281. The Commissioners shall from time to time make byelaws may make bye- to be confirmed in the manner herein provided, for the licensing, ttouof slaugh- registering, regulation, and inspection of slaughter-houses, and prater-houses, &c. venting cruelty in slaughter-houses, and for keeping the same in a cleanly and proper state, and for removing filth at least once in every twenty-four hours, and for having them , properly floored, drained, and provided with a sufficient supply of water, and they may impose pecuniary penalties on persons breaking such byelaws provided that no such penalty exceed for any one offence the sum of five pounds, and in the case of a continuous violation of such byelaws, the sum of ten shillings for every day during which such nuisance shall be continued after the conviction for the first offence.

Licence of 282. The magistrate before whom any person is convicted of

slaughter- killing or dressing any cattle contrary to the provisions of this Act, houses ma^be or of the said byelaws in addition to the penalty imposed may addMonU)10 suspend for any period not exceeding two months the licence granted penalty to such person; and such magistrate, upon the conviction of any

imposed. person for a second or other subsequent like offence, may, in

addition to the penalty imposed, declare the licence granted to be revoked; and whenever the licence of any such person is revoked as aforesaid the Commissioners may refuse to grant any licence whatever to him.

Penalty for slaughtering cattle during suspension oi licence, &c.

283. Every person who, during the period for which any such licence is suspended, or after the same is revoked as aforesaid, slaughters cattle in the slaughter-house to which such licence relates, or otherwise uses such slaughter-house, or allows the same

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotlan) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

473

to be used as a slaughter-house, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds for such offence, and a further penalty of five pounds for every day on which any such offence is committed after the conviction for the first offence.

284. If the Commissioners have provided under any former If Commis-Act or resolve to provide and establish, and do provide and vidTeLughtor-establish, shambles or slaughter-houses, as herein provided, no houses, do person shall thereafter slaughter any cattle or beasts, or scald or other Places to dress the carcases of any slaughtered cattle, or cause the same as *

to be done, within the boundaries of the burgh, elsewhere than within the said slaughter-houses, under a penalty of five pounds for each offence; provided always that this enactment shall not apply to any owner or occupier within the burgh who may keep any cattle or beasts within the burgh, and who may kill the same for his own or family consumption; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to charge, for the use of the said slaughter-houses, such reasonable rate or sum as may be agreed on between them and the persons using the same; and in case of difference as to the rate to be taken for the use of such slaughter-houses, the same shall, upon the application of either party, and after seven days previous notice to the other party of such intended application, be fixed by the sheriff in a summary manner, and the decision of the sheriff shall be final.

And to prevent evasion of the use of such slaughter-houses, all persons who shall, after such slaughter-houses are provided, bring within the boundaries of the burgh, for sale or consumption therein, the carcase or part of a carcase of any cattle or beast slaughtered within the distance of two miles beyond such boundaries elsewhere than in slaughter-houses provided or duly licensed in pursuance of any Act of Parliament shall, on bringing such carcase or part of a carcase within the said boundaries, be liable in payment to the Commissioners of the amount of the rates or sums then being levied for cattle or beasts slaughtered in such slaughter-houses provided by them:Provided that where before the passing of this Act or within one year thereafter, any burgh shall have erected slaughterhouses, no other slaughter-house shall be erected within the distance of two miles from the existing boundaries of such burgh, unless either it is erected with the consent of the commissioners of such burgh or is situated within the area of another burgh.

285. It shall not be lawful to use any place within the burgh Places for for the slaughtering of horses, or as a place of deposit for the carcases of the animals, unless and until every such place is licensed, licensed by the Commissioners, who are hereby authorised to

give and recall such licences at pleasure; and it shall not be lawful to carry or convey within the burgh any dead horse unless in a covered cart or waggon, or unless the dead carcase be sufficiently covered; and any person who shall offend against this enactment shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding ten pounds, and a further penalty not exceeding two pounds for every day on which such offence shall continue.

286. Nothing in or done under this Act shall interfere with the Saving for operation or effect of the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Acts, 1878 ^iltingto

474

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

dairies, slaughterhouse *, &c.

Offence* under 59 & 30 Vict c. 16.

Power to Commissioner* to provide public clock*.

Penalty for wilfully setting chimneys on fire.

Pen alty for allowing chimney* to catch fire.

Fire engine* may be provided.

to 1890, or of any order, licence, or act of the Board of Agriculture made, granted, or done, or to be made, granted, or done thereunder, or of any order, regulation, licence, or act of a local authority made, granted, or done, or to be made, granted, or done, under any such order of the Board of Agriculture, or prohibit or interfere with the slaughter of any animals in accordance with the provisions of the said Act or of any such order, licence, or regulation.

287. The provisions of the Cattle Sheds in Burghs (Scotland) Act, 1866, or any Acts amending the same, may be carried into effect and enforced in the burgh by the magistrates, and offences, against the same may be tried by the magistrate as police offences, and the penalties may be recovered and applied in the same way as penalties for police offences under this Act.

Public Clocks.

288. The Commissioners may from time to time provide and maintain such clocks as they consider necessary, and cause them to be fixed upon or against any public building, or, with the consent of the owner or occupier, upon or against any private building, the situation of which may be convenient for that purpose, and from time to time alter and remove any such clocks to such other like situation as they shall consider expedient, and the Commissioners may from time to time light all clocks belonging to, or hired by or lent to them, or which may be dedicated for public purposes: Provided that in the case of any post office or other Government building the consent of the post office or other Government authority in charge of such building shall be first obtained to the fixing, alteration, and removal of any such clock.

Fire and Fire Establishment.

289. Every person who wilfully sets or causes to be set on fire any chimney shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds; Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall exempt the person so setting or causing to be set on fire any chimney from liability to be indicted or prosecuted therefor before any criminal court.

290. If any chimney catch or be on fire, the person occupying or using the premises in which such chimney is situated shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding ten shillings, unless he shall prove to the satisfaction of the magistrate that such fire was in nowise owing to omission, neglect, or carelessness of himself or servant, and such person shall pay the expenses incurred in extinguishing the fire, as the same shall be fixed by the magistrate.

291. The Commissioners may purchase or provide such engines for extinguishing fire, and such water buckets, pipes, and other appurtenances for such engines, and such fire escapes and other implements for safety or use in case of fire, and may purchase, keep, or hire such horses for drawing such engines, as they think fit, and may build, provide, or hire places for keeping such engines with their appurtenances, and may employ a proper number of

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 55. 475

persons to act as firemen, and to be named the fire brigade, and may appoint a firemaster, who may be the chief constable, and who shall be the superintendent of the fire brigade, and may provide suitable dwellings for such firemaster and firemen, and make such rules for their regulation as they think proper, and give such firemaster and firemen such salaries and such rewards for their exertions in cases of fire as they think fit.

292. The Commissioners may cause to be put up, at or upon the index plates railings or in or upon the walls of buildings or elsewhere in the BboSDof streets, public or private fire alarms, battery boxes and index plates,

or make markings showing the position of the fireplugs in such streets or places, and may put down fireplugs in any footpath or street whether public or private, and may attach telephone or telegraph wires necessary for the working of the fire establishment to any land or heritage without being liable to any claim for compensation for so doing; and any person who shall cause any obstruction to the putting up of such plates or markings or who shall pull down, injure, deface, or destroy the same, or shall wantonly ring any such fire alarm, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds for each offence; and any person feeling himself aggrieved as to the mode in which the Commissioners may carry out any of the powers herein contained may appeal to the sheriff, whose decision shall be final: Provided that no such telephone or telegraph wires shall be used, nor shall the powers herein contained be in any way exercised in contravention of the exclusive privileges conferred on Her Majesty's Postmaster General by the Telegraph Act, 1869.

293. The fire brigade may enter, and, if necessary, break into Power to eater any bi ilding in the burgh being on fire, or any buildings or lands p^ed|nb^1|nope" adjoining or near thereto, without the consent of any owner or cas^of fire, occupier thereof respectively, and may do all such acts and things

as they may deem necessary for extinguishing fire in any such building, or for protecting the same or rescuing any person or property therein from fire; and any damage done in the exercise of such powers shall be deemed to be damage done by fire.

294. The senior officer of the fire brigade present at any fire Senior officer of shall have the sole charge and control of all operations for the have confrol0 extinction of such fire, whether by the Commissioners' engines or of operations, appliances, or any other or others, including the fixing of the positions of fire engines and apparatus, the attaching of hose to

any water pipes or water supply, the shutting off the water from other parts of the building on fire or of adjoining buildings against which the water is to be directed.

295. The senior officer of the fire brigade or of police present on Power to shut the occasion of any fire shall be entitled, where he considers the UP 8tl*e, p tem same necessary, to enable the fire brigade better to discharge their poran y* duties, or for the protection of the hose or other appurtenances, or

for the safety of the public, to shut up temporarily by means of a guard of constables or other persons, or a rope, chain, tressels, or barricade, any street, court, or passage in or near the place where

r

476

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Burgh prosecutor, &c. shall examine 'witnesses as to cause of fire.

Police may retain possession of premises till case reported to burgh prosecutor.

Fire police permitted to go beyond the limits of the burgh in certain cases.

Statement of expenses attending fires to be made up by firemaster.

Bathing machines and bathing.

such fire exists; and every person wilfully using such street, court, or passage while it is temporarily shut up, without the consent of the tire brigade or police, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

296. The burgh prosecutor or depute burgh prosecutor shall examine and take the evidence of all or any parties reasonably supposed by him to be able to give information as to how the fire originated; and any parties refusing to be examined shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding ten pounds, but parties suspected of wilful fire-raising shall not be bound to give evidence or be examined by the burgh prosecutor or depute burgh prosecutor relative to such fire.

297. The chief constable or chief officer of police shall, if he consider it necessary for the ends of justice, be entitled to retain possession of the premises in which the fire has occurred until twenty-four hours after the circumstances of the fire have been reported to the burgh prosecutor.

298. The Commissioners or the firemaster may use such engines, with their appurtenances, and the said firemen, beyond the boundaries of the burgh, for extinguishing fire in the neighbourhood of the burgh; and the owner or, if the Commissioners think fit, the occupier of the premises where such fire shall have happened shall in such case defray the actual expense which may be thereby incurred, and shall also pay to the Commissioners a reasonable charge for the use of such engines, with their appurtenances, and for the attendance of such firemen; and in case of any difference between the Commissioners and the owner or occupier of such premises, the amount of the said expenses and charge shall be determined by the sheriff, whose decision shall be final; and the amount of the said expenses and charge shall be recoverable by the Commissioners as any debt may be recovered.

299. The firemaster shall make up and deliver to the Commissioners a statement of the whole expense attending each fire, which shall include the wages payable to the firemen and other persons employed at it, the rewards or premiums which he recommends to be given to them, the outlay incurred in taking them and the engines to the spot where such fire occurred, and in obtaining a supply of water, and other the like expense, and such statement, in so far as approved of or as altered by the Commissioners, shall be prima facie evidence of the amount of expenses attending the said fire.

Public Bathing, &c.

300. Where any part of the seashore or strand of any river used as a public bathing place is within the burgh, the magistrates may make byelaws for the following purposes; that is to say,

For fixing the stands of bathing machines on the seashore or strand, and the limits within which persons of each sex shall be set down for bathing, and within which persons shall bathe:

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

477

For regulating the occupation of such stands of bathing machines, and apportioning the same temporarily among the owners of such machines for the time:

For preventing any indecent exposure of the persons of the bathers:

For regulating the manner in which and the times at which the bathing machines shall be used, and the charges to be made for the same:

For insuring that the bathing machines shall be kept in a proper state of repair:

For regulating the distance at which boats and vessels let for hire for the purpose of sailing or rowing for pleasure shall be kept from persons bathing within such prescribed limits:

When bathing machines are not used, the magistrates shall have power to regulate the places and hours for both sexes bathing.

301. The Commissioners may from time to time provide and Power to maintain drags, life-buoys, and other implements for the preven-

tion of drowning, and employ such persons as superintendents and 11 uoy8' c* servants for that purpose, on such terms, and allow them such wages and rewards for exertion, and make such byelaws for their government as the Commissioners think fit.

302. Every person who persists in going upon the ice on any Precautions in skating pond, loch, pool, or place partly or wholly within the burgh H£aMng and belonging to or under the charge of the Commissioners, or open to a mg‘

the public, at any time when placards are exhibited or other signals intimating that it is in a dangerous state, and every person who wilfully breaks the ice on any such pond or place, and every person who goes beyond the ropes or danger signals at any open bathing place under the charge of the Commissioners, shall be guilty of an offence, and, on conviction, lia^e to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings.

303. Subject to the rights of the Crown, with consent of the Seashore Board of Trade, and without prejudice to any existing right of adj°‘JuDg property, the Commissioners shall have jurisdiction over the sea- urg shore down to low-water mark, and the strand adjoining the same, within or ex ad verso of the burgh, for the purpose of preventing nuisance, and preserving and improving the amenity of the burgh,

with power to the Commissioners to make byelaws for regulating the use of such seashore and strand by the public for bathing, recreation, and general purposes; and, without prejudice to any existing light of property, from and after this Act coming into operation, no sewage or other offensive matter shall be allowed to run over such seashore or strand.

304. Where, and in so far as the seashore and strand of the Special enact-sea or of any tidal river, so far as the tide flows, are within the "^ho^and boundaries of the burgh, subject to the rights of the Crown, with are consent of the Board of Trade, and to any existing rights of within burgh, property, the following enactments shall be applicable to the burgh:

(1.) No boat or vessel shall be let for hire by any person for the purpose of sailing or rowing for pleasure from the sea beach

478

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

or any pier or jetty within the boundaries of the burgh, except under licence from the magistrates, who shall have power to require that every boat or vessel let for hire as aforesaid shall be made good and seaworthy to their satisfaction, and to impose such other conditions in granting a licence as they may think necessary for the safety of the lieges, and such licence, when granted, shall continue in force until the term of Whitsunday in each year, and no longer, unless sooner revoked or suspended, which the magistrates are hereby authorised to do on legal conviction of any violation of any conditions of such licence; and if any person shall within the burgh let for hire any boat or vessel for the purpose aforesaid, without having first obtained a licence, or after the revocation or suspension thereof, or shall contravene the terms of such licence, such person shall for each offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds:

(2.) The magistrates shall have jurisdiction over the sea beach or strand down to low-water mark within the boundaries of the burgh for the purpose of preventing the riding or driving of any horse or carriage, except for such times and hours as the magistrates shall see fit, and of regulating the hiring of ponies and donkeys for pleasure riding thereon, and shall have power to make byelaws for said purposes, and to impose a penalty for breach thereof, not exceeding the sum of forty shillings for any one offence:

(3.) No person shall erect any booth, stall, or stand for the sale of goods, wares, or merchandise of any kind, on the seashore or strand within the burgh, except under authority from the magistrates, and only at such places thereon as they may appoint; and any person who shall contravene this enactment, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings.

Saving right* 305. Nothing contained in this Act shall authorise the Com-in the fore^ missioners or magistrates to take, use, or in any manner interfere shore. with any portion of the shore or bed of the sea, or of any river

channel, creek, bay or estuary, or any right in respect thereof, belonging to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty in right of Her Crown, and under the management of the Board of Trade, or of Her Majesty's Commissioners of the Woods and Forests, without the previous consent in writing of the Board of Trade, or of the Commissioners of the Woods and Forests respectively, on behalf of Her Majesty; neither shall anything in this Act contained extend to take away, prejudice, diminish, or alter any of the estates, rights, privileges, powers, or authorities vested in or enjoyed or exerciseable by the Queen's Majesty, Her heirs or successors.

Special Orders.

Special orders, 306. Where by this Act the Commissioners are empowered to do procedure and anything by special order only, it shall not be lawful for them to r^ncuonsm 8Uch thing unless the resolution so to do shall have been agreed to by two thirds of the Commissioners present at a meeting whereof special notice has been given, and has been confirmed by

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892,

Ch. 55.

479

two thirds of the Commissioners present at a subsequent meeting, held not sooner than four weeks after the preceding meeting, and which subsequent meeting has been advertised once at least in each of the weeks intervening between the two meetings in some newspaper circulating within the burgh, if any be, or otherwise, in some new spaper circulating in the county in which the burgh is situated, and of which special notice in writing has been given to each of the Commissioners. Provided always, that after any resolution has been confirmed at a subsequent meeting as aforesaid the Commissioners shall not proceed to cany the same into effect until after the expiration of one month from the date of such second meeting, and during such month such resolution shall be advertised once at least in each week in such newspaper as aforesaid, and public notice thereof shall also be given by means of pis cards posted in public places within the burgh, and reference shall, in such advertisement and notice, be made to some place provided by the Commissioners where the plan or particulars of the work or matter to which such resolution ielates may be gratuitously seen by the ratepayers; and if before the expiration of such month a representation in writing by seven or more householders against carrying into effect such resolution or any part thereof be lodged with the Commissioners, such resolution, or such part thereof as such representation applies to, shall not be carried into effect unless confirmed by a majority of the householders qualified and voting at the poll to be taken there-anent; and upon such representation being lodged as aforesaid, the Commissioners, or the chief magistrate of such burgh, shall be bound to direct a poll to be taken in the manner herein prescribed in regard to polls for the adoption of this Act, and the whole enactments and procedure provided in regard to such polls shall, so far as applicable, extend and apply to the poll hereby authorised and directed to be taken:Provided always, that where any such representation applies to part only of such resolution, the Commissioners may either carry into effect the remainder of such resolution, or rescind the same, as they think fit; but provided also, that if the said resolution shall not be so con finned, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, as often as they shall think proper thereafter, but not sooner than one year from the date of any preceding resolution, by such and the like procedure, again to adopt the same, but such resolution shall always be subject to be confirmed by the electors in the event of a representation being made thereagainst. all in manner above provided.

307. The Commissioners may after resolution, by special order, Lands and as herein defined, purchase, rent, or otherwise provide lands, grounds for grounds, or other places, either within the burgh, or at a creation? reasonable distance therefrom, not exceeding two miles from the boundary of the burgh to be used as a pleasure ground or place of public resort or recreation; and the Commissioners may from time to time level, enclose, drain, plant, light, and otherwise lay out and improve any such public lands or grounds for the more convenient use and enjoyment thereof, and make and maintain roads to and within and seats on the same, and make byelaws for the regulation thereof; but nothing in this section shall

480

Ch, 55.

‘Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56- Vict.

Commissioners may manage open spaces, &c.

Public baths and drying grounds.

Proportion of baths for working classes.

Charges for use of baths.

Recovery of charges for use of baths, &c.

Publication of byelaws in regard to baths, &c.

Sale of baths, &c. on discontinuing them *

affect the powers of the Commissioners under the Public Health Acts or the Public Parks (Scotland) Act, 1878.

308. The Commissioners may accept the management and control of any park or open space devoted to the public use in or near the burgh; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to apply money levied under the burgh general assessment, or under the Public Health Acts or under the Public Parks (Scotland) Act, 1878, for the purpose of maintaining commons, parks, or open spaces, and for defending public rights therein.

309. The Commissioners may after resolution, by special order, as herein defined, but not otherwise, purchase, rent, or otherwise provide, either within the burgh, or at a reasonable distance therefrom, suitable and convenient premises to be used for public baths and wash-houses, and public covered or open bathing places, and public drying grounds, for the use and accommodation of the inhabitants within the burgh in washing and drying clothes and other articles, and may fit up the same respectively with all requisite and proper conveniences, and from time to time enlarge, renew, and repair the same respectively, and afford the use thereof respectively to such inhabitants at such reasonable charges, and under and subject to such byelaws as the Commissioners may deem expedient; and every person who offends against any such byelaws shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings for every offence.

310. The number of baths for the use of the working classes provided by the Commissioners shall not be less than twice the number of the other baths of higher class.

311. The Commissioners may make such reasonable charges for the use of such baths, bathing places wash-houses, and drying grounds as they think fit.

312. For the recovery of the charges at such wash-houses and drying grounds, the officers, servants, and others having the management thereof may, at the period of using the same, or at any subsequent time detain the clothes or other goods and effects, in or upon any such wash-house or drying ground, of any person refusing to pay the charge to which such person may be liable, or any part thereof, till full payment thereof be made; and in case such payment be not made within seven days, the Commissioners may sell such clothes, goods, and effects, or any of them, returning the surplus proceeds of such sale, after deducting the unpaid charge and the expenses of such detention and sale, and the unsold articles, if any, on demand to such person.

313. A printed copy or sufficient abstract of the byelaws made by the Commissioners relating to the use of such baths, bathing places, and wash-houses, so far as regards evciy such bath, bathing place, or wash-house, shall be put up in such bath room, bathing place, and wash-house.

314. Whenever any of such public baths, bathing places, washhouses, or drying grounds are deemed by the Commissioners to be unnecessary or too expensive to be kept up, the Commissioners may

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

481

after resolution, by special order, as herein defined, but not otherwise, discontinue the same, and sell the lands, buildings, and materials for the best price that can reasonably be obtained, and convey the same accordingly; and the purchase money shall be paid to the treasurer of the Commissioners, and be disposed of for behoof of the burgh as the Commissioners direct.

315. The Commissioners may after resolution, by special order, Commissioners

as herein defined, but not otherwise, acquire ground for the ma7rerfct, a erection of and may thereafter erect thereon a public hall and pu 1C a ' *

offices, and a court-hall and police offices, with all public conveniences thereto, and also such number of houses for the accommodation of constables as they may consider necessary, or

may acquire any building or block of buildings already erected, and which may be suitable for such halls and offices, and may repair the same from time to time, and they may also contribute towards the expenses of enlarging any existing townhall, or municipal buildings the property of the burgh, and furnish and fit up the same, and employ proper persons to take care thereof; and for that purpose it shall be lawful for them to apply, for a period not exceeding twenty years, the general improvement assessment hereby authorised to be levied, or such portion thereof as they may think proper, towards the expense of such acquisition, erection, furnishing, and fitting up; and they shall be and are hereby authorised, upon the security of the said general improvement assessment, to borrow, as herein-after provided with regard to the borrowing of money, such sum as they may require for that purpose.

Byelaws to be made by virtue of this Act.

316. The Commissioners may from time to time make byelaws Byelaws, as they think fit for the purposes after mentioned, videlicet: —

A. — For General Purposes.

(1.) For preventing nuisances and annoyances in any street, or any other place within the burgh:

(2.) For controlling persons offering to purchase or sell old clothes:

(3.) For preserving and regulating public bleaching greens, drying greens and grounds, public wash-houses, baths, gymnasiums, pleasure grounds and places of public resort or recreation, and open spaces, and preventing offences, nuisances, and annoyances therein:

(4.) For fixing the times of lighting and extinguishing the lights in common stairs, passages, or private courts, and the order or rotation in which the occupiers of houses or flats in common stairs, passages, or private courts shall be responsible for the lighting and extinguishing of such lights:

(5.) For regulating the beating or shaking of carpets, rugs, or mat9, in streets or courts, and open spaces and squares held in common, and the hours within which carpets, rugs, or mats may be beaten or shaken:

Hh

4182

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

(6.) For regulating the fencing, pulling down, clearing out, or securing of ruinous or unclaimed lands and heritages:

(7.) For regulating the driving of cattle through the streets and prescribing through what streets and at what hours cattle may be driven:

(8.) For the better preservation of any common, links, bleaching green, recreation ground, open area, or space, or other places of public resort or recreation existing within the burgh, and for regulating the use of the same, and for ensuring good order in the use thereof: Provided that if any adjoining buigh has any right or interest in such common, links, open area, or space, or other place of public resort or recreation, all such byelaws shall also be subject to the consent and approval of the magistrates and council or the Commissioners of such burgh; and in case of any difference or dispute the sheriff shall hear the parties, and decide all questions in reference to such byelaws, and his decision shall be final:

(9.) For providing that drift logs of wood are secured by the owners:

(10.) For carrying out or enforcing any other provisions of this Act not herein specially mentioned.

B. — For Sanitary Purposes.

(1.) For inspecting all places where horses are killed, and carrion is kept or sold, and keeping such places in a cleanly and proper state, and removing the filth therefrom, and requiring that all such places shall be provided by the occupiers with proper paving, drainage, and a sufficient supply of water:

(2.) For removing the contents of ashpits, dungsteads, drains, cesspools, waterclosets, lavatories, baths, and privies within reasonable periods; for preventing foul water soaking from any house or building, and for preventing any ashpit, aungstead, privy, drain, ditch, cesspool, dunghill, or manure heap from being a nuisance or annoyance:

(3.) For inspecting and periodical cleaning of cisterns erected in buildings for the use of two or more families:

(4.) For regulating the time and mode of the removal of any offensive matter or thing:

(5.) For regulating the keeping of depots.of bones, carrion, rags, or any other offensive matter or thing:

<(6.) For reducing or removing the noxious or injurious effects attending the business of a blood boiler, bone boiler, tanner, slaughterer of horses or animals of any description, soap boiler, tallow melter, tripe boiler, or other noxious or offensive business, trade, or manufacture:

(7.) For providing that cattle, dogs, and poultry shall not be kept in such places or in such manner as to be a nuisance or annoyance to the inhabitants; for prescribing the situations or places in which swine may be kept, and for prohibiting, on cause shown, the keeping of swine:

(8.) For requiring owners or occupiers of houses and buildings to keep clean closes, areas, courts, passages, stairs, roofs of out-

1892.

Ch. 55.

483

Burgh Police (Scotland), 1892.

houses, and common water-closets, and thoroughfares owned or occupied by them; and also for paving private courts, common passages, and common areas other than bleaching

feens:

For regulating the sweeping and cleansing of common stairs in accordance with the sections of this Act relating to cleansing and fencing and keeping the same clear of obstruction:

(10.) For carrying out the provisions of sections two hundred and thirty-eight to two hundred and fifty-six, both inclusive.

The Commissioners may from time to time repeal, alter, or amend any such byelaws, provided the byelaws after such repeal, alterations, or amendment, be not repugnant to the law of Scotland or the provisions of this Act, and be reduced into writing, and have affixed thereto the signatures of three of the Commissioners, and also of the clerk, and if they affect other persons than the officers or servants of the Commissioners, be confirmed and published as herein provided.

317. The magistrates and the Commissioners, by the byelaws Byelaws may authorised by this Act so to be made by them respectively, may J>e enforced by impose such reasonable penalties as they think fit, not exceeding of forty shillings for each breach of such byelaw, and in case of continuous violation of such byelaws, the sum of ten shillings for every day during which such violation shall be continued; and may regulate the fees to be paid to them or to their officers, or others employed by them in connexion with the inspection of plans, records, or other documents in their possession, and with applications for their sanction or authority to the execution of works to which by this Act such sanction or authority is requisite: Provided always, that such byelaws be so framed as to allow the magistrate before whom any penalty imposed thereby is sought to be recovered to order the whole or part only of such penalty to be paid, or to remit the whole penalty.

318. No byelaws made under the authority of this Act, except Byelaws to be such as relate solely to the Commissioners or their officers or confirDlc(I-servants, shall come into operation until the same be confirmed by the sheriff, or, in the case of byelaws relating to sanitary matters, by the Board of Supervision, and authenticated by the signature of the sheriff or the chairman of the board respectively; and it shall be incumbent on the sheriff, on the request of the Commissioners, to inquire into any byelaws tendered to him for that purpose, and to allow or disallow the same as he may think fit. Before coming into operation the said byelaws shall also be confirmed by the Secretary for Scotland.

319. No such byelaws shall be confirmed unless notice of the of con-intention to apply for a confirmation of the same has been given gf"^tion to in one or more newspapers circulating within the burgh, if any be, or otherwise, in some newspaper circulating in the county in which the burgh is situated, one month at least before the hearing of such application; and any person desiring to object to any such byelaw, on giving to the magistrates and the Commissioners respectively notice of the nature of his objection ten days before the hearing of the application for the allowance thereof, may, by himself, or his

Hh 2

484

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

A copy of proposed byelaws to be open to inspection.

Publication of byelaws.

Byelaws to be binding on all parties.

Evidence of byelaws.

Burgh byelaws not annulled.

counsel or agent, be heard thereon, but not so as to allow more than one objecting party to be heard on the same matter of objection without leave of the sheriff.

320. For one month at least previous to any such application for confirmation of any byelaw, a copy of the proposed byelaw shall be kept at the office of the clerk of the Commissioners, and all persons may at all reasonable times inspect such copy without fee or reward; and the magistrates and the Commissioners respectively shall furnish every person who applies for the same with a copy thereof, or of any part thereof, on payment of sixpence for every one hundred words so to be copied.

321. Byelaws, when confirmed, shall be printed; and the clerk to the Commissioners shall deliver a printed copy thereof to every person applying for the same at a charge not exceeding one penny; and a copy thereof shall be painted or printed or placed on boards, which shall be hung up on the front or in some conspicuous part of the principal office of the Commissioners, and also on some conspicuous part of the works or locality to which the same relate for a period of not less than three months after the date of such confirmation; and any such clerk who does not allow the same to be inspected at all reasonable times shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding five i>ounds.

322. Byelaws, when so confirmed and published, shall be binding upon and be observed by all parties, and shall be sufficient to justify all parties acting under the same.

323. The production of a written or printed copy of any byelaws authenticated by the signature of the clerk shall be evidence of the existence and of the due making of such byelaws, and of the proper publication thereof, in all prosecutions under the same, unless proof to the contrary be adduced by the party complained against.

324. Nothing herein contained shall be held to annul the byelaws, rules, orders, or regulations in force in any burgh except in so far as they are inconsistent with the provisions of this Act.

Execution of Works.

By Commissioners.

Commissioners empowered to enter upon premises for purposes of this Act.

325. The Commissioners shall for the purposes of this Act have power, by themselves or their officers, to enter at all reasonable hours in the daytime into and upon any premises within the burgh, as well for the purpose of inspection as for the purpose of executing any work authorised to be executed by them under this Act, without being liable to any legal proceedings on account thereof: Provided always that, except when herein otherwise provided, the Commissioners or their officers shall not make any such entry, unless with the consent of the occupier, until after the expiration of forty-eight hours notice for that purpose given to the occupier.

Penalty ou 326. Every person who shall at any time obstruct the Cornmis-

persons ob- gioners, or shall resist, obstruct, or molest any workman or other

structiDg Corn- *

1892.

Bwrgh Police (Scotland), 1892. Ch. 55.

485

person employed in the execution of any duty or the performance missioners or of any work, by virtue of this Act, or of any warrant of the magis- ^mpbyed by trates, or any of them, or of any byelaw, regulation, or order of the them/ Commissioners, or shall aid or incite any persons so to do, shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds; without prejudice to any such workman or other person on whom any assault or offence may have been committed to sue in any competent court for compensation, damages, or expenses for any injury or loss he may thereby have sustained.

Commissioners, in default of owner or occupier, may execute works, and recover expenses.

Occupier, in default of owner may execute works, and deduct expenses from his rent.

By Owners or Occupiers.

327. Whenever, under the provisions of this Act, any work of any kind is required to be executed by the owner or occupier of any premises, and default is made in the execution of such work, the Commissioners (whether there be a penalty imposed for the default or not) may cause such work to be executed, and the expense incurred by the Commissioners in respect thereof shall be repaid to them by such owner or occupier.

328. Whenever default is made by the owner of any premises in the execution of any work which by the provisions of this Act falls to be executed by him, the occupier of such premises may, with the approval of the Commissioners, cause such work to be executed, and the expense thereof shall be repaid to such occupier by the owner of such premises, and such occupier may deduct the amount of such expense out of the rent from time to time becoming due to such owner.

329. If the owner of any premises made liable by the provisions How expenses

of this Act for the special sewer rate, general sewer rate, or are to b,

.. ./? . recovered from

reasonable sum tor use ot sewers, private improvement expenses, owner.

or any charge for the repayment to the Commissioners of any

expenses incurred by them, do not, as soon as the same become due

and payable from him, pay such rate or charge, or repay all such

expenses to the Commissioners, the Commissioners may without

prejudice to the preferable right and summary mode of recovery

and the power herein contained, recover such rate, charge, or

expenses, with the legal interest thereof from the time when the same was due and payable, from such owner, in the same manner

as any debt may be recovered by the law and practice of

Scotland.

330. The Commissioners may, by way of additional remedy, Power to levy require the payment of all or any part of such rate, charge, or ^Jgjr°"vho expenses, and interest, payable by the owner for the time being may deduct ° from the person who then or at any time thereafter occupies any the same from such premises under such owner; and in default of payment thereof hls rent *

by such occupier, on demand, the same may be levied by seizure and sale of the goods and effects of such occupier, in the same manner as the burgh general assessment may be recovered from him under this Act; and every such occupier shall be entitled to deduct from the rent payable by him to his landlord so much as is so paid by or recovered from him in respect of any such charge or expenses and interest.

486

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Occupier not to be liable for more than amount of rent due.

Commissioners may allow time for repayment by owners.

Proceeding in case of occupiers opposing execution of Act.

Respecting existing contract for building.

331. No occupier of any premises shall be liable to pay more money in respect of any sums charged by this Act on the owner thereof than the amount of rent due from him for the premises in respect of which such rate, charge, or expenses and interest are^ payable at the time of the demand, or which at any time after such* demand shall have accrued and become payable by him, unless he neglect or refuse, upon application made to him for that purpose by the Commissioners, truly to disclose the amount of his rent, and the name and address of the person to whom such rent is payable; but the burden of proof that the sum demanded of any such occupier is greater than the rent which is due by him at the time of such demand, or which has since accrued, shall lie upon such occupier: Provided further, that nothing herein contained shall be taken to affect, abridge, or alter any claim of relief or otherwise competent to such owner or occupier respectively against each other under any special contract made between them respecting the payment of the expenses of any such works as aforesaid.

332. Where any such rate, charge, or expenses payable to the Commissioners by any owner of any such premises shall amount to more than half of the net annual value of such building or lands, the Commissioners may, at the request of any such owner, allow time for the repayment thereof, and receive the same by such, instalments as they, under the circumstances of the case, consider reasonable, but so that the same be repaid by annual instalments of not less than one-seventh part of the whole sum originally due, with interest for the principal money from time to time remaining unpaid after the yearly rate of five pounds in the hundred during the period of forbearance; and all such instalments when due shall be recoverable in like manner as the original sum.

333. If the occupier of any premises prevent the owner thereof from carrying into effect in respect of such premises any of the provisions of this Act, after notice of his intention so to do has been given by the owner to such occupier, the magistrate may make an order in writing requiring such occupier to permit the owner to execute all such works as may be necessary for carrying into effect such provisions; and if, after the expiration of ten days from the date of such order, such occupier continue to refuse to-permit such owner to execute such works, such occupier shall for every day during which he so continues to refuse be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds; and every such owner, during the continuance of such refusal, shall be discharged from any penalties to which he might otherwise have become liable by reason of his default in executing Such work.

334. Nothing in this Act contained shall extend to or make void any agreement in writing entered into before this part of this Act comes into operation in the burgh for erecting or altering any building, but the same shall be performed, writh such alterations as may be rendered necessary by this Act, and as if such alterations had been stipulated for in such agreement; and the difference between the cost of the work according to the agreement and the cost of such work as executed according to the provisions of this.

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892.

Ch 55.

487T

Act shall be ascertained by the parties to the respective agreements, and paid for, or deducted, as the case may require, and if the said parties do not agree upon the amount of such difference, the same shall on a request of either party (notice being given to the other) be decided by the surveyor to the Commissioners, and for his trouble in making such decision each of the said parties shall pay to the said surveyor such sum, not exceeding one pound, to be disposed of for such purposes of this Act as the Commissioners shall direct.

335. Nothing in this Act contained shall affect any lease, or agreement for a lease, whereby any person may be bound to erect buildings upon any building ground within the burgh, but the buildings mentioned in such lease or agreement shall be erected, according to the conditions which may be rendered necessary by this Act, in the same manner as if this Act had been in operation at the time of making such lease or agreement, and the same had been made subject thereto, and that without either party being entitled to any compensation.

Form and Service of Notices.

r7 336. Unless otherwise herein expressly provided, the following provisions shall apply to the making, giving, delivering or service of any notice, order, resolution, requisition, demand, or other instrument under this Act or any byelaws in force:—

(1.) It may be in print or writing, or partly print and partly writing, and may be authenticated by the name of the clerk or other proper officer being affixed thereto in print or writing.

(2.) It shall be sufficiently given to any owner or occupier of any property if addressed simply to the " owner " or " occupier " of the premises (naming them) to which it relates.

(3.) It may be served upon the person to whom it relates either personally or through the Post Office, addressed to him at his usual or last known place of abode or business, or by delivering the same to some inmate there, or in ca^e of an occupier to an inmate of the building to which the document relates, or if the building is unoccupied and the place of abode of the person after due inquiry cannot be found, by affixing the same or a copy thereof upon some conspicuous part of such building, or in case of a person employed on any ship or vessel by leaving it in the hands of a person on board thereof and connected therewith; and where any owner resides beyond the jurisdiction of the magistrates of the burgh, such owner may be cited by delivering the citation to his known factor, or agent, or person drawing the rents; or if there be no factor, agent, or person drawing the rents, the occupier of the premises, or any of them, may be cited, and shall take burden for the owners, and have right of relief against them.

337. It shall be lawful for the person sending such notice to cancel it, or to give a new notice to the same or to any other person

Respecting-contracts fo r. leases.

Form and service of' notices.

Power to cancel or vary notice.

488

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 VICT.

Service of notice on Commissioners.

Appeal.

i

Commissioners to levy burgh general assessment.

in respect of the matter or for the enforcement of the obligation referred to in it: But nothing herein contained shall authorise the withdrawing or cancelling of notices given under the Lands Clauses Acts, unless and except in so far as allowed by such Acts.

338. Any notice to or demand on the Commissioners under this Act may be served on the Commissioners by being delivered to the clerk, or by being sent through the post in a registered letter directed to the clerk of the burgh according to its corporate name, in which latter case service shall be deemed to be effected on the burgh on the day on which such letter would be delivered in the ordinary course of post.

Appeal.

339. Any person liable to pay or to contribute towards the expense of any work ordered or required by the Commissioners under this Act, and any person whose property may be affected, or who thinks himself aggrieved, by any order, or resolution, or deliverance, or act of the Commissioners made or done under any of the provisions herein contained, may, unless otherwise in this Act specially provided, appeal either to the sheriff or to the court of session by lodging a note of appeal within fourteen days after intimation of the order or deliverance of the Commissioners complained of, or within fourteen days after the commission of the act complained of, with the sheriff-clerk of the county in which the burgh is situated, if the appeal is made to the sheriff, or with any principal clerk of session at Edinburgh if the appeal is made to the court of session, which note of appeal shall state the grounds of such appeal, and be signed by the appellant or his counsel or agent, and the sheriff or court shall order a copy of the appeal to be served on the clerk to the Commissioners, and appoint him within six days after such service to lodge answers thereto, and shall thereafter hear parties and determine the matter of the appeal, and shall make such order thereon, either confirming, quashing, varying, or redressing, the order, resolution, deliverance, or act appealed against, and shall award such costs to either of the parties as the sheriff or court shall think fit: Provided always, that the judgment of the sheriff-substitute shall be subject to review by the sheriff, and, subject to this appeal to the sheriff, the judgment of the sheriff-substitute shall be final, and not subject to review by any other court.

PART V.

RATING AND BORROWING POWERS.

Assessment for General Purposes.

340. Once in each year the Commissioners (being summoned in manner herein-before directed by notices, which shall state that the meeting is for the purpose of laying on an assessment) shall assess all occupiers of lands or premises within the burgh, according to the valuation roll made up or according to an estimate of the

1802.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

489

valuation roll about to be made up in terms of the Acts in force for the valuation of lands and heritages in Scotland for the time, subject to the exceptions herein-after provided, in the sums necessary to be levied for the general purposes of this Act, and shall fix a day on or before which the same shall be payable, and another day upon which appeals by any person complaining that they have been improperly assessed shall be lodged with the clerk or collector, and another day or days on which such appeals shall be heard by the Commissioners; and the rate of assessment and day fixed by the Commissioners for payment shall be published by handbills posted in the burgh, or by advertisement in one newspaper published or circulating therein:Provided always, that such assessment shall be imposed as from the term of Whitsunday in any one year to the term of Whitsunday in the following year, and shall not in any year exceed a rate equal to four shillings in the pound of the gross yearly rent or value of such lands or premises where the Commissioners have supplied or resolved to supply the burgh with water in terms of this Actor otherwise at a rate equal to two shillings in the pound of the gross yearly rent or value of such lands or premises; and such assessment shall for the purposes of this Act be called the burgh general assessment: Provided further that when in any burgh under the provisions of any Act of Parliament, a higher rate of assessment is now and has been in use to be levied upon lands or premises above a certain fixed rent than upon lower rental lands or premises, it shall be in the power of the Commissioners in laying on the assessment under this Act to continue the same relative rates of assessment if they think proper.

341. Out of the burgh general assessment it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to defray, to such extent as they think proper, such claims for damages sustained in consequence of any riot or tumult within the burgh as may be established to their satisfaction, or, if the Commissioners think proper, they may at any time impose and levy a special assessment on all occupiers of lands or premises within the burgh, according to the said valuation roll, for the sums estimated by them to be necessary for the purpose of paying such damages, and the occupier shall be entitled to deduct one-half of the rate levied under this assessment from the next rent payable to the landlord; and such special assessment being so imposed and levied, the Commissioners shall out of the proceeds thereof discharge such claims, the same being established to their satisfaction, and the Commissioners shall be bound, out of the burgh general assessment or out of such special assessment as aforesaid, to relieve the county authorities of any claims for damages for which the county authorities may be found liable in respect of any riot or tumult within the burgh.

342. Where in any burgh an assessment for general purposes has been imposed previous to the application of this Act, and is

* leviable for a period ending on a day prior to the term of Whitsunday immediately following such application, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners under this Act to impose and levy a proportion of the burgh general assessment hereby authorised, corresponding to

Payment of damages occasioned by mobs.

Commissioners may levy proportion of burgh general assessment.

490

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 VICT.

Remission of assessments.

Assessments not to be imposed on occupiers of premises under 4/.

Wheq owners responsible.

Assessment op premises occupied for part of a year.

Arable land, &c., how to be valued.

the time intervening between the date when such period ended and the said term of Whitsunday.

343. The Commissioners may, on the ground of the poverty or inability of any person liable to the burgh general assessment under this Act, remit, in whole or part, payment of the said assessment by such person in such manner as the Commissioners shall, in their discretion, think just and reasonable, but upon no other account whatsoever.

344. The Commissioners shall assess the owners, in place of the occupiers of all lands or premises let at a rent of or under four pounds, and levy such assessment on such owners; but the Commissioners shall allow to such owners a deduction from such assessment equal to one-tenth of the amount thereof, and such assessment shall be recoverable from such owners along with any penalty which may have become exigible thereon, in the same way as is herein provided with respect to the recovery thereof from occupiers; and every such owner charged with and paying such assessment shall have relief against the occupiers of such lands or premises for the full amount thereof without deduction, if and in so far as such assessment may by law be properly chargeable upon such occupier.

345. Owners who shall let for rent, or hire lands or premises for less than a year, shall themselves be responsible for the said assessment, and the same may be recovered from such owners.

346. When any lands or premises in respect of which the said assessment might be imposed upon the occupier, not being premises usually let for any period shorter than one year, shall not be occupied by the same occupier for the wrhole year from the term of Whitsunday in any year till the term of Whitsunday in the year following, but shall be occupied for part of such year by a new occupier, it shall be lawful to the Commissioners to impose and levy on and from such new occupier who occupies the same for any part of such year, whether his name appear in the valuation roll or not, a proportion of such assessment for that year, corresponding with the period of his occupancy, and on and from the owner of such lands or premises the proportion of such assessment, if any, corresponding with the period during which such lands or premises were occupied during the said year by any other occupier.

347. The annual value of the following lands or premises shall, for the assessments under this Act, be held to be one-fourth of the annual value thereof entered in the said valuation roll, viz.: —

1. All lands and premises used exclusively as a canal or basin of a canal, or towing path for the same, or as a railway or tramway, constructed under the powers of any Act of Parliament for public conveyance, excepting the stations, depots, and buildings, which shall be assessable to the same extent, as other lands and premises within the burgh, and all bridges, frontages, and ferries not being private property:

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

491

2. All the underground gas and water pipes, or underground

works of any gas or water company or corporation:

3. Salmon fishings, and all woodland, arable, meadow, or pasture

ground, or other ground used for nurseries, market gardens,

or for agricultural purposes:

And where the Commissioners shall have supplied or resolved to supply the burgh with water in terms of this Act, the annual value of all quarries and manufactories within the burgh shall, as regards the burgh general assessment, so far as is applicable to water, subject to the exception herein-after provided, be held to be one fourth of the annual value thereof entered in the valuation roll; without prejudice, however, to the Commissioners entering into agreements for the supply of water to such lands and premises in manner herein-before provided; and in the event of any dispute arising as to the lands and premises falling under the above exceptions, it shall be lawful for the owner or occupier of such lands and premises to present a petition to the sheriff, praying to have the same declared, for the time being, liable to assessment upon the said proportion of their value only; the judgment, if by the sheriff substitute, may be appealed to the sheriff, whose decision shall be final: Provided always, that where in any burgh such lands or premises as are in this section specified were prior to the passing of this Act liable to be assessed under any general or local police Act or under the Public Health Acts or the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889, on the annual value thereof, and moneys have been borrowed on the security of the assessments so authorised, or some of them, such lands or premises shall, in the case of any such burgh where the assessments on the security of which such moneys have been borrowed have been imposed, be liable to be assessed on the annual value thereof and in the same manner as heretofore until such borrowed moneys have been repaid.

348. The Commissioners shall annually cause to be made up a Assessment roll or book of assessment from the valuation roll aforesaid, showing

the yearly rent or value of the lands or premises in the burgh m e up* liable to be assessed under this Act for the assessments herein authorised to be levied, and according to which such assessments under this Act are intended to be levied; and such roll or book of assessment shall be open to inspection by all ratepayers in the hands of the collector or other officer appointed by the Commissioners for that purpose during the whole period which shall intervene between the date of laying on the annual assessment and the day appointed for payment thereof; and the Commissioners shall have power to rectify any error which may be found in such roll or book.

349. To enable the Commissioners to make up the roll or book Town clerk or of assessment from the valuation roll, the assessor, town clerk, or

county clerk, or other person in the actual possession thereof, torg ^ess to° shall be bound, without making any charge, to exhibit or give valuation roll, access to the valuation roll in his custody to the Commissioners, and the assessment roll shall be made with all despatch after the meeting of the Commissioners at which the general assessment is

492

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) A, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

The Commissioners may require owner to furnish written statement.

Commissioners may alter aod amend the roll.

Notices to be given of assessment and may include other assessments.

Recovery of assessments.

resolved on, and the collector or such other officer as may be appointed by the Commissioners shall prepare the assessment roll under the orders of the Commissioners.

350. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners to require an owner to furnish a written statement of the period or periods for which the lands and premises of which he is owner are let to the respective tenants or occupiers thereof, and of the rents for which the same are let, all which the said owner shall be bound to furnish within seven days of his being required in writing so to do; and if such owner shall fail, without reasonable excuse, to furnish such written statement, he shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding ten pounds; and if such owner shall present, or cause to be presented, any false statement of the period or periods or the rents for which any lands or premises belonging to him are let, knowing the same to be false, he shall be liable to a penalty of twenty pounds.

351. The Commissioners may from time to time amend the roll or book of assessment, or any assessment therein contained, by inserting therein the name of any person who ought to have been assessed, or who since the making thereof has become liable to be assessed, or by striking out the name of any person who, according to a written certificate by the assessor, ought not to have been assessed, or by correcting the amount of any rent or assessment which may have been inaccurately entered; and no such alteration shall be held to vitiate the assessment, or render it less operative; but every such alteration shall be made within one year after the expiry of the year for or applicable to which the said assessment shall have been fixed or laid on.

352. The collector shall issue schedules or notices to every person liable for payment of any assessment; and may include in one schedule notice of any or all assessments, or rates leviable by the Commissioners or the magistrates and council from the owners or occupiers of lands and premises within the burgh.

353. It shall be lawful for the collector, on the expiration of the time specified in such notice, to recover any arrears of assessment due by any person or by any number of persons, either according to the ordinary procedure before any competent court, or by obtaining from the sheriff or any of the magistrates a summary warrant to recover such arrears, with the addition of ten per centum thereon; and such person or persons shall thereupon be bound to pay such ten per centum, which warrant the sheriff or magistrates shall grant, on production of a certificate by the collector that he had given to each such person a notice requiring him to make payment of the amount due by him within fourteen days thereafter, that the said period had expired, and that the said amount was still truly due; and such warrant shall authorise the collector or officers of court to enter into any premises in the occupancy of any person so in arrear, and to poind, seize, remove, or secure any goods and effects therein belonging to or in the lawful possession of such person or persons, or so much thereof as will fully satisfy the arrears due by

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland), 1892. Ch. 55.

493

him or them, with the said addition of ten per centum thereon; and such warrant shall also authorise the collectors or officers of court or licensed auctioneer, after the lapse of four days, in the event of non-payment of the said arrears and costs, to sell and dispose of the said goods and effects by public auction on three days notice, and apply the price in payment of the said arrears and ten per centum thereon due by such person, and the balance shall be paid to such person, and the collector shall for a period of three months after the date of every sale preserve evidence of the amount of such proceeds and the disposal thereof, and such warrant shall also decern and ordain instant execution by arrestment; and the proceedings in the application for issuing and putting in force such warrant may be in the form of Schedule VIII. of this Act.

354. The proprietor of any goods and effects which have been either poinded or sold in pursuance of the provisions herein-before contained, and who feels aggrieved by any proceeding under such warrant, may present a petition to the sheriff or magistrate who granted the warrant, and the sheriff or magistrate shall thereupon summarily call before him the party complained of and such petitioner, and, without written pleadings, shall inquire into and decide any dispute, question, or claim of damage raised by such petition, and may award expenses to either party; but, except to the effect and in the manner herein-before provided, it shall not be competent for any person to make, nor for any court of law to entertain, any complaint with respect to any warrant granted by the sheriff or magistrate in pursuance of the provisions herein-before contained on any account or pretence whatever, or with respect to any proceeding of the collector or of any officer or licensed auctioneer in the execution of such warrant; and the decision of the sheriff or magistrate on any such dispute, question, or claim shall be final, and not subject to any form of review or stay of execution.

355. In case any person quits, or is about to quit, any lands or premises before be has paid all assessments due by him, and fails to pay the same on demand, the collector, or any officer of the sheriff or police court, or any police constable, may, by warrant under the hand of the sheriff or any of the magistrates (which warrant the sheriff or a magistrate is hereby authorised and required to grant, without issuing any previous summons to said person, after proof to his satisfaction of such removal or intended removal, or that there is any reason to suspect the same), poind and distrain the furniture, goods, and chattels, or other effects found in such lands or premises, and sell the same, returning the surplus (if any), after having deducted the reasonable expenses attending such proceedings, distress, and sale, together with the assessments so due, to the owners of such furniture, goods, and chattels, or other effects upon demand.

356. No misnomer, mistake, or informality committed in any proceedings in assessing, levying, or recovering the burgh general assessment, or any other assessment, rate, charge, or expenses under this Act, shall prejudice the recovery thereof, nor shall such

Appeal against oppressive proceedings of collector.

Recovery of rates from persons removing.

Misnomers, &c. not to affect proceedings for recovery of assessments.

494

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (tScotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Assessment to be recoverable beyond burgh.

Common good may contribute towards the purposes of Act.

General improvement assessment.

proceedings fall, lapse, cease, or abate by the death, resignation, or removal of the collector instituting the same, or by any change in the persons holding office as Commissioners, but it shall be lawfu for the collector for the time to prosecute and follow forth procedure commenced and carried on in the name of any previous collector, in all respects as if such procedure had been taken by himself; and it shall not be competent for any person to sue, nor for any court of law to entertain, any action or proceeding against the Commissioners, or the collector or officers or other persons employed in executing any warrant in reference to any assessment, rate, charge, or expense under this Act, by reason of any misnomer, mistake, or informality, if the goods or other effects seized or sold under such warrant were bonk fide the property or in the lawful possession of the person actually liable in payment thereof under the provisions of thus Act.

357. In case any person liable in payment of any of the assessments herein authorised to be levied shall remove to any place beyond the burgh, it shall nevertheless be lawful for the Commissioners, and their collectors and treasurers or other officers, or any police constable, to put the decrees and warrants which may be granted for the recovery of such assessment in manner before mentioned into execution within or beyond the burgh, in the same manner as if such person had continued to reside within the burgh, such decrees or warrants being first endorsed by a magistrate or sheriff or justice of the peace for the burgh or county within which they are to be put into execution.

358. When the provisions of this Act shall be in operation in any burgh possessed of any free income arising from the common good of such burgh, after deduction of the interest of any debt which such burgh may owe, and also the necessary annual outgoings of such burgh, there may be annually contributed therefrom such a reasonable proportion towards the purposes of this Act as the town council of such burgh, having due regard to the extinction of the capital of such debt, shall think just: Provided that nothing herein contained shall prejudice the rights of the creditors of any burgh secured by local Acts of Parliament or otherwise; and further, that the application of this Act to any burgh shall not relieve the common good of such burgh from payment of any sum which such burgh is bound by any local Act to contribute towards the police expenses of the burgh.

General Improvement Assessment.

359. Whenever the Commissioners in any burgh shall resolve, in manner herein-before provided for, to make provision for the general improvement of the burgh, it shall be lawful for them to charge, in equal proportions, all owners and occupiers of lands or premises within such burgh, with reference to the said valuation roll and to all the provisions of this Act applicable to the burgh general assessment, which shall apply to the improvement assessment as if they were here repeated, with a special assessment not

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

495

exceeding threepence in the pound of the gross rent or yearly value of such lands or premises, over and above any other assessment or rate to which such persons may be liable under this Act; and such special assessment shall, for the purposes of this Act, be called " the general improvement rate, " and shall be leviable either from the owner or occupier of such lands or premises in equal proportions, or in whole from the occupiers thereof, but in the latter case the occupier shall be entitled on payment thereof to deduct from his rent the proportion payable by the owner; and such assessment, so far as the occupier is concerned, shall be recoverable in the same manner as the burgh general assessment is authorised to be recovered.

Foot Pavements Assessment.

360. Whenever the Commissioners shall resolve, in manner Assessment herein-before provided for, to undertake the maintenance and repair for main" of the foot pavements in any burgh, and after they have called offoot upon all owners to have their foot pavements before their pro- pavements, perties put in a sufficient state of repair, the cost of such maintenance and repair shall form part of the burgh general assessment, and such assessment shall be recoverable in the same manner as the burgh general assessment is authorised to be recovered.

Sewer Assessments.

361. The Commissioners shall, if necessary, impose upon owners Commissioners a sewer rate, to be called for the purposes of this Act the " general impose a sewer rate, " distinct from any other rate which they are authorised ^tTdisttoct* to make under this Act, to be applied in maintaining and clearing from other and ventilating the sewers, and all other expenses connected with rates* such sewers not herein otherwise provided for, or which may not be fully defrayed by the special sewer rate herein-after provided for, and for securing and paying off* any moneys which may be borrowed on the security of the special sewer rate under the provisions of this Act, and the interest of such moneys which the special sewer rate shall be insufficient to defray.

362. Whenever the Commissioners shall resolve to make any Where new new sewer, they may charge owners of all the lands or premises

within the burgh, or where there are separate drainage districts IJlissionersmn: within the respective districts, with a special sewer rate over and impose a above any other assessment or rates to which such persons may be sewer

liable under this Act, and such rate shall, for the purposes of this Act, be called the " special sewer rate."

363. The Commissioners may, in making the said assessments Separate dis-for the burgh, or for separate and distinct districts thereof, appoint, share of if they see fit, surveyors, collectors, and other officers for such expenses, burgh or for every such district, and they shall cause separate and

distinct accounts to be kept of all moneys collected and received under any rate in each distinct district, and of all payments and disbursements in respect thereof, and they shall apply the moneys to be collected and received from each distinct district under any

496

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Premises subsequently built or enlarged to pay reasonable sum for use of sewers.

Assessment for private improvements.

Certain rates to continue hardens ou lands, &c.

Collector of rates to grant certificate.

such rate as aforesaid for the several purposes to which the same may be lawfully applied under the authority of this Act, but so nevertheless that each district shall, as near as may be, bear its own expenses; and in case any such expenses shall apply to or be incurred in respect of two or more districts, the same shall be apportioned and divided between such districts in such manner as the Commissioners shall consider fair and equitable.

364. The Commissioners are hereby authorised to charge a reasonable sum of money for the use of the sewers against the owners of all lands or premises which were not assessed either under this or any other Act for the expense of making such sewers, or which shall have been built, enlarged, or altered after the assessment for making the same was first imposed or levied, and the Commissioners shall fix and determine the sum to be paid as they shall consider just; and in fixing such reasonable sum the Commissioners shall take into consideration the value and efficiency of such sewer, and the same may be recovered in the same manner as any assessment under this Act.

Private Improvement Expenses.

365. Where by the provisions of this Act the owner or occupier respectively, as the case may be, of any premises is directed or is bound to do any work, in relation to the same, and the work, through the failure or delay of such owner or occupier to execute it, shall be done by the Commissioners, or where expenses arc incurred by the Commissioners for or in respect of any premises, in order to carry out the provisions of this Act, the Commissioners shall charge such owner or occupier of the premises with the said expenses over and above any assessments or rates to which such owner or occupier may be liable under this Act, and such expenses shall, for the purposes of this Act, be called " private improvement expenses, " and may be recovered in the same manner as any assessment under this Act.

Mode of collecting Special Rates.

366. Such special sewer rate, general sewer rate, and private improvement expenses shall, with the legal interest thereof from the time when the same shall be declared payable, together with all expenses incurred in the recovery thereof, continue burdens on the lands or premises liable for the same, or in respect of which the same shall be payable, but that only for seven years from the date when the same shall be respectively payable, as against bona fide singular successors or heritable creditors, and (if the ground is unbuilt on) also superiors.

367. The collector in any burgh shall, when required by any person, be bound to furnish to such person a certificate under his hand in the form of Schedule VI. of this Act, showing, with reference to any premises, what arrears of such rates or expenses, if any, are past due, and the name of the owner and occupier of such premises as appearing in his book, and also whether any and

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

49

what instalments of such rates or expenses are still chargeable in respect of such premises:Provided always, that for each certificate in respect of premises separately entered or charged in the assessment books he shall be entitled to a fee of two shillings and sixpence from the person requiring the same, for which fee the collector shall be bound to account to the Commissioners.

368. The said special sewer rate, general sewer rate, and private Rates and improvement expenses may be imposed and levied yearly, halfr Private im* yearly, or at such other periods as the Commissioners may think expense^how fit, and shall be payable at such times as they appoint; and at the to he imposed^ meeting imposing the same the Commissioners shall appoint a day kj* upon which such rates and expenses shall be payable and another entered and day upon which appeals by any parties complaining that they have disposed of. been improperly rated or charged may be lodged with the clerk or collector, and another day or days on which appeals in reference to such rates or expenses shall be heard by the Commissioners; and notice to each party intended to be so rated or charged, stating the particulars of the intended rates or expenses as regards such party, and specifying the several days fixed by the Commissioners as aforesaid, shall be sent by the clerk or collector, at least two weeks preceding the day which may be fixed for hearing the appeal of such party, and the decision of the Commissioners upon all such appeals shall be final; but the Commissioners may rectify such rates or expenses so appealed against.

369. As soon as may be after disposing of the appeals against Recovery of any such rates or expenses the Commissioners shall cause to be and expenses made up a roll or book of assessment, or separate rolls or books of assessment, applicable thereto, and the same, or a copy thereof, docqueted and signed by the clerk and any two of the Commissioners shall forthwith be delivered over to the collector as the rule for levying and collecting the said rates or expenses; and if the said rates or expenses shall not be paid when the same fall due, the collector shall take legal proceedings for recovery of the same, together with the legal interest thereof from the day fixed for payment thereof as aforesaid, in the same \fray and manner as is herein-before provided for1 recovery of the burgh general assessment under this Act, or the said rates or expenses, or any part . thereof, and interest, with the expenses attending the recovery of the same, may be recovered in the same way and manner as debts are recoverable by the law of Scotland.

370. Such burgh general assessment and general improvement in case of rate shall, during the year of assessment, and for the period of six to

months thereafter, in case of bankruptcy or insolvency, be paid out preferable of the first proceeds of the estate, and shall be preferable to all to private debts of a private nature due by the parties assessed. debta>

371. Where the amount of any rate, charge, or assessment is Application of more than sufficient to meet the charge for the service to which the same applies, any balance remaining over at the end of the financial year shall be credited to that service; and shall be applied

I i

498

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 VICT.

Recoupment of arrears of private improvement expenses-

Exemption and savings.

pro tanto in diminishing the amount of the rate to be estimated for that service during the year next ensuing; and if any such rate, charge, or assessment for any year shall not be sufficient for the purpose for which it was imposed and levied, the Commissioners shall be, and they are hereby, authorised and required to make provision for the payment of such deficiency by rate, charge, or assessment for the purpose in the following year or years, until the same shall be fully paid, but so that the total rates, charges, or assessments shall not exceed the amount authorised by this Act.

372. Where the Commissioners are unable to recoup themselves out of any private improvement assessment for any expenses to which they may have been put for works, the cost of which fell to be met by private improvement expenses, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to take such expenses out of the burgh general assessment.

Incidence of Assessments.

373. — (1.) No assessment authorised by this Act shall be imposed on any lands or premises exempt by Act of Parliament at the commencement of this Act from any corresponding assessment authorised to be imposed by the general Police Acts, or the local Police Acts respectively applicable to the burghs named in Schedule II. of this Act annexed, or any portion of a local Police Act expressly saved by this Act, unless and until such exemption is repealed by provisional order, confirmed by Parliament, as herein-before provided.

(2.) Where prior to this Act coming into operation in any burgh the power of imposing assessment is by any local Act restricted in amount in any portion of the burgh:

(a.) for a definite period —

such restriction shall continue until the expiration of such period:

(6.) for an indefinite period —

it shall be lawful for the Commissioners at a meeting specially called for the purpose after a month's previous notice to resolve that such restriction shall continue for a definite period and no longer, but any owner or occupier or other person interested who considers himself aggrieved by such resolution may appeal to the sheriff who shall have powers to confirm or to cancel, or with the consent of the Commissioners to modify, such resolution, and his decision shall be final.

(3.) It shall be lawful for the Commissioners at a meeting called for the purpose after a month's previous notice to resolve for a definite period to exempt from any of the assessments or to restrict any of the assessments with respect to any portion of the burgh on the ground of its being newly included within the boundaries, or its not being built upon or upon any other ground to be specified in the resolution.

1892.

Bargh Police (Scotland), 1892. Ch. 55.

499

(4.) In the case of any assessment under this Act, the whole or a portion of which is directed to be levied from the owner, or from the occupier respectively, where under the provisions of any local or general Police Act an assessment for the same or similar purposes is authorised to be levied in any burgh, and such assessment or such portion thereof is thereby directed to be, or is in use, to be levied from the occupier instead of from the owner, or from the owner instead of the occupier respectively, whether with recourse to either against the other for the whole or any part of the assessment or not, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, by a majority of not less than two thirds present and voting at a meeting specially called for the purpose, to resolve that such assessment or portion thereof shall continue to be levied under this Act from the same parties, being owners or occupiers respectively, from whom it was previously in use to be levied, and with the same right of recourse if any for a definite period of years to be specified in the resolution, and such resolution may be renewed from time to time.

(5.) Nothing contained in this Act shall alter or affect the obligations of landlord and tenant as between themselves in reference to any assessment to be imposed in virtue hereof under any lease of lands or premises entered into prior to the application of this Act, but such assessment as between such landlord and tenant shall be payable during such lease by the tenant if previous to the passing of this Act a similar assessment was leviable from him.

Borrowing of Money for the General Purposes of this Act.

374. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners to borrow and take up, for any of the purposes of this Act, or for repayment of any moneys borrowed for such purposes under this or any former Acts which shall have fallen due to the lenders thereof, such sum or sums and at such time or times as the Commissioners shall deem necessary for such purposes: Provided always, that in all cases where it shall be necessary to borrow any sum or sums for the said purposes of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, and they are hereby required, at their first annual meeting for assessment after such borrowing, if the respective rates of assessment then leviable do not amount to the respective maximum rates by this Act authorised, to assess all owners or occupiers of premises within the burgh respectively liable in the several assessments under this Act in such additional assessments beyond the sums necessary for such respective purposes as will produce a fund equal to three per centum per annum upon the sum or sums of money so borrowed respectively, and also to the annual interest of such borrowed sum or sums, which sum of three per centum per annum the Commissioners shall annually appropriate, set apart, and invest, at the highest rate of interest which can be had for the same, in the public funds, or in any chartered or other bank, or on heritable security, as a sinking fund, applicable and to be applied by the

Ii 2

Power to Commissioners to borrow money for the purposes of this Act.

500

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Yicrr.

Commissioners not to be personally liable.

As to bonds to be granted.

Commissioners from time to time to the repayment of the moneys borrowed until the respective debts shall be extinguished, or the Commissioners may agree with the lender, so that the said amounts of three per centum shall annually be receivable by him in liquidation pro tan to of the principal debt: Provided always, that such additional assessment shall at no time increase the whole assessment leviable beyond the maximum rates of assessment, as the case may be, allowed by this Act; and provided also, that no sum of money shall be borrowed until an estimate of the amount required shall have been laid before the Commissioners, or until the expiration of six weeks after public notice shall have been given by the Commissioners of the amount so proposed to be borrowed, and the purpose to which the borrowed money is to be applied, in some newspaper in ordinary circulation within such burgh; and provided further, that the proposal to borrow shall be disposed of at the next meeting of the Commissioners six weeks after such public notice, and that the sum borrowed shall not exceed the amount so advertised, without a further estimate and notice in manner above provided.

375. No Commissioner, or officer acting under the Commissioners shall be personally liable for the repayment of any money so borrowed, but all such obligations shall be deemed and be taken to be granted on the sole security of the rates and assessments authorised to be assessed and levied as herein-before provided, and on the public halls or buildings or other works for which the loan or money borrowed is applied.

376. All bonds for moneys to be borrowed as aforesaid shall be signed by three Commissioners and the treasurer of the Commissioners, and may be in the form and tenor following, videlicet, — 1

" Number [here state the number].

" By virtue of the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, we, the Commissioners of the burgh of [insert the name of the burgh, and if a royal burgh such shall be stated, as, we, the royal burgh of ], in consideration of the sum of [ijisert the sum in words] instantly advanced and paid to us for the purposes of the said Act, by C.D. of E., do hereby bind and oblige the said burgh, out of the first and readiest of the moneys to be raised under the annual assessments by the said Act authorised to be imposed and levied, and designated the assessment or rate (as the case may be), to pay at the term of [insert term of payment] to the said (7.2)., his executors or assignees, the said sum of [state the sum], and also the interest thereof at the rate of [insert the rate of interest] per centum per annum from the date hereof, at the terms of Whitsunday and Martinmas in each year, till the said sum is paid; and for the further security of the said C.D. we do hereby assign to him, his executors or assignees, such proportion of the said moneys to be raised under the said annual assessment as shall be equivalent to the said sum now paid to us, and the interest thereon as aforesaid from the date hereof to the term of payment; and we consent to

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

501

the registration hereof for preservation and execution. — In witness whereof [insert testing clause in common form].

" K.L. witness. " M.N. witness.

" A.B.')

" C.D. f Comrs.

" E.F. j

" O.H., Treasurer."

And till repayment such bonds respectively shall form a lien on the rates and assessments under this Act assigned by such bond, and shall entitle the creditor under the same to recover the contents thereof from the Commissioners and their officers out of the first and readiest of such rates and assessments.

377. Such bonds may be assigned by indorsation on the back thereof in the form and tenor following, videlicet, —

" I, C.D. within designed, do transfer this bond, with all right, title, or interest which I have under the same, to, his [or her, or their, as the case may be,] executors and assignees. — In witness whereof [insert testing clause in common form].

" K.L., witness. " C.D"

" M.N., witness.

378. There shall be kept at the office of the clerk to the Commissioners a register of such bonds, and within fourteen days after the date thereof an entry shall be made in the register of the number and the amount and date thereof, and of the names and description of the parties thereto, as stated in the deed, and also the interest payable on the same. Every such register shall be open to public inspection during office hours at the said office without fee or reward, and any clerk or other person, having the custody of the same, refusing to allow such inspection shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds. Before such bond is delivered to the creditor a certificate of such entry shall be endorsed on such bond, and signed by the clerk of the Commissioners; and all assignations of such bond shall be notified to the clerk to the Commissioners, who shall enter in the register aforesaid the date of the assignation, the names of the parties thereto, the number of the bond, and the date it was notified or intimated; and a certificate of such entry shall be endorsed on the said bond, and signed by the treasurer and clerk; and the said bond being so certified, the assignee, his execrutors and assignees, shall thereafter be entitled to the benefit of such bond, in terms of such assignation.

379. It shall be lawful for the Public Works Loan Commissioners, acting in the execution of the Public Works Loans Acts, and of any Act amending or continuing the same, to make advances to the Commissioners upon the security of all or any of the moneys or rates to be assessed or levied by them under this Act, and without requiring any further or other security than a mortgage of such moneys or rates, repayable by such instalments within a period not exceeding thirty years as shall in each case be agreed upon:Provided that nothing in this section shall be held to limit the powers of borrowing conferred upon local authorities in Scotland

Bonds may be transferred by indorsement.

Bonds to be recorded, and assignations to be registered.

Public Works Loan Commissioners may lend money.

502

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

by the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867, Amendment Act, 1875, and the reference in that Act to any enactment hereby repealed shall be deemed to refer to the corresponding enactment in this Act.

PART VI.

OFFENCES AND PENALTIES.

Offences.

Penalties for offences.

380. Every person who is guilty of any of the following acts or omissions within the burgh shall, in respect thereof, be liable to a penalty not exceeding the respective amounts, or to imprisonment for a period not exceeding the respective periods herein-after mentioned; videlicet, —

To a penalty of ten pounds, or alternatively without penalty, to imprisonment for sixty days, every person who —

(1.) Wilfully or indecently exposes his person:

(2.) Occupies a building or part of a building, and suffers any breach of the peace or riotous or disorderly conduct within the same, or occupies a building or part of a building or other place of public resort for the sale or consumption of provisions or refreshments of any kind, and knowingly harbours prostitutes, or suffers persons of notoriously bad fame, or dissolute boys or girls, to assemble therein:

(3.) Publishes, prints, or offers for sale or distribution, or sells, distributes, or exhibits to view, or causes to be published, printed, exhibited to view, or distributed, any indecent, or obscene book, paper, print, photograph, drawing, painting, representation, model, or figure, or publicly exhibits any disgusting or indecent object, or writes or draws any indecent or obscene word, figure, or representation in or on any place where it can be seen by the public, or sings or recites in public any obscene song or ballad:

To a penalty of five pounds, every person who —

(4.) Being the occupier of a building or part of a building or other place of public resort for the sale or consumption of provisions or refreshments of any kind, knowingly suffers to remain in his premises any constable on duty, unless for the purpose of quelling any disturbance or restoring order, or directly or indirectly supplies such constable with intoxicating or exciseable liquor:

(5.; Affixes or causes to be affixed to or on any place where it can be seen by the public, or delivers or exhibits or causes to be delivered or exhibited to auy inhabitant or passenger in or near any street, or sends or causes to be sent through the post office any bill or printed or written paper of an obscene or indecent nature:

(6.) Being the occupier of a building or part of a building or other place of public resort for the sale or

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

503

consumption of provisions or refreshments of any kind or for the sale or consumption of tobacco or cigars, opens his premises for business before five o'clock in the morning, or keeps them open or does business therein after midnight, unless specially allowed by the magistrates:

(7.) Cruelly beats, or ill-treats, over-drives, overloads, abuses, or tortures, or causes or procures to be cruelly beaten, ill-treated, over-driven, overladen, abused, or tortured, any animal, or impounds or confines, or causes to be impounded or confined, any animal, and refuses or neglects to provide and supply such animal with fit and wholesome food and water:

To a penalty of forty shillings, every person who —

(8.) Alters or defaces the name or address, or the distinctive mark or inscription on any barrel, box, bag, plank, or other article which does not belong to him, without the authority of the owner:

(9.) Behaves in a riotous, violent, or indecent manner:

(10.1 Commits a nuisance or uses any obscene, abusive, or indecent language to the annoyance of any person:

(11.) Is drunk while in charge in any street or other place of any carriage, horse, cattle, or steam engine, or when in possession of any loaded firearms:

(12.) Uses any threatening, abusive, or insulting words or behaviour with intent or calculated to provoke a breach of the peace:

(13.) Destroys, pulls down, injures, or defaces any board or convenience for the reception or exhibition of advertisements, or any advertisement, placard, or bill affixed thereto, or any placard or notice issued and put up by or under the direction of any lawful authority, or any notice of the position of a fireplug or hydrant, or any board on which any byelaw or part of a byelaw of any lawful authority is painted or placed:

(14.) Damages, defaces, or makes any mark on any drinking fountain or trough, or on any work appurtenant thereto, or pollutes or makes unfit for drinking by man or animal the water in any such fountain or trough, or washes in or permits to enter into that water any dog or other animal under his charge or accompanying him:

(15.) Prints or otherwise makes or circulates or uses, for any purposa whatever, any sham bank note, or a paper or document resembling in size, figure, and colour any bank note of any banking company.

381. Every person who in any street (and for the purposes of Penalties for this section " street" shall include any harbour, railway station, certain police canal, dep6t, wharf, towing-path, public park, links, common, or 0 ences‘ open area or space, the strand and sea beach down to low-water mark, and all public places within the burgh), commits any of the following offences shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings for each offence: viz.,

r

504

jCh. 5*5.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

(1.) Exposes for show, hire, or sale (except in a market or market-place or fair or other place lawfully appointed by the Commissioners for that purpose) any horse or other animal: or shoes, bleeds, or farries any horse or animal (except in cases of accident); or cleans, dresses, exercises, or breaks or turns loose any horse or animal; or makes or repairs any part of any cart or carriage (except in cases of accident where repairs on the spot are necessary):

(2.) Turns loose or suffers to be at large any bull or other dangerous animal, without being secured by means of a rope attached to a ring through the nose of such animal, or otherwise:

(3.) Exposes to public view any stallion or bull when serving any mare or cow:

(4.) Sets on or urges any dog or other animal to attack, worry, or put in fear any person or animal:

(5.) Slaughters any cattle or dresses any part thereof, except in the case of any cattle over-driven or which may have met with any accident, and winch for the public safety or other reasonable cause ought to be killed on the spot:

(6.) Having the care of any cart or carriage does not have and use bridles and reins with bits sufficient to enable him to regulate the speed of the horse or other animal drawing the same, or who not using bridle or reins does not walk on the causeway close to the side of the animal drawing such cart or carriage (or to the side of the first of such animals if there be more than one) or who rides on the shafts thereof, or otherwise than on the fore part of such cart or carriage, and in such a position as readily to see immediately before and on either side thereof or who is at such a distance from such cart or carriage, or in such a position therein, as not to have due control over every animal drawing the same; or who does not, in meeting any other carriage, keep his cart or carriage to the left or near side, or who in passing any other carriage does not keep his cart or carriage on the right or off side of the road (except in cases of actual necessity, or some sufficient reason for deviation)'; or who wilfully prevents any person or carriage from passing him, or any cart or carriage under his care:

(7.) At the same time drives more than two carts or carriages; and while driving two carts or carriages has not the halter of the horse in the last cart or carriage securely fastened to the back of the first cart or carriage, or has such halter of a greater length from such fastening to the horse's head than four feet, or who does not otherwise securely retain control by means of a halter over the horse in the second cart or carnage:

(8.) Rides or drives furiously, recklessly, or carelessly any horse or any horse attached to a cart or carriage, or drives furiously, recklessly, or carelessly any animal:

(9.) While in charge of any cart or carriage used for the conveyance of goods or otherwise for slow traffic, does not draw his vehicle to the near or left side of the road, when required

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

505

by any person in charge of a private carriage or a cab, or other such vehicle used for swift traffic, so as to allow the swift vehicle to pass the slow vehicle:

(10.) Causes any cart or carriage, with or without horses, or any beast of draught or burden, to stand longer than is necessary for loading or unloading goods, or for taking up or setting down passengers (except hackney carriages, and horses and other beasts of draught or burden standing for hire in any place appointed for that purpose by the Commissioners or other lawful authority), or by any means wilfully interrupts any public crossing, or by any means wilfully causes any obstruction in any public footpath or other public thoroughfare:

(11.) Without proper precautions, and in such manner as to be dangerous to the safety of passengers, conveys or causes to be conveyed any long, large, or heavy, keen-edged or sharp-pointed article:

(12.) Conveys or causes to be conveyed on any cart or carriage any large box, barrel, or basket, and does not sufficiently secure such article by chains or ropes to protect the public against the risk of injury:

(13.) Leads, drives, or rides any horse or other animal, or draws or drives any cart or carriage upon any footway, or fastens or places any horse or other animal so that it stands across or upon any footway:

(14.) Places or leaves and does not remove immediately therefrom any furniture, goods, or other articles, or places or uses any standing place, stool, bench, stall, or showboard on any footway of any street, or public thoroughfare, or places any shade, awning, or other projection, over or along any such footway, unless the same is eight feet in height at least in every part thereof from the ground:

(15.) To the annoyance or obstruction of the residents or passengers, carries about on any carriage or on horseback any picture, placard, notice, or other advertisement:

(16.) Places, hangs up, or exposes for sale any goods, wares, merchandise, matter, or thing whatsoever, so that the same project into or oyer any footway, or beyond the line of any house, shop, or building at which the same are so exposed:(17.) To the annoyance or danger of the residents or passengers, hangs or places any linen or clothes or other such article on any rail or fence of any premises:

(18.) Writes on, soils, defaces, or marks any wall, fence, hoarding, door, gate, or building, or without authority from the owner or occupier affixes or causes to be affixed to any building, or to any wall, fence, door, gate, or hoarding, any bill or other notice, or wilfully breaks, destroys, or damages any part of such wall, fence, hoarding, door, gate, or building, or any tree, shrub, seat, or other thing:

(19.) Conveys in any open cart or carriage, or otherwise, through any public thoroughfare the carcases, or any parts thereof, of animals slaughtered for sale, without the same being properly covered up from public view; or exposes such slaughtered

506

Cff. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) A, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

carcases, or any parts thereof, or their skins or offals, outside of any shop in any street; or uses machines to mince or hash animal food, to the annoyance of the residents:

(20.) Carries, rolls, or drives any cask, tub, hoop, or wheel, or any ladder, plank, pole, timber, log of wood, basket, board, or tray, upon any footway, except for the purpose of loading or unloading any cart or carriage, or of crossing the footway:

(21.) Places any line, cord, or pole, across, upon, or over any part of any street, or hangs or places any clothes thereon, or on the outside of any window fronting any street, or on the outside of any other window so as to hang down in front of the window of any other person, or shakes carpets or mats from any window:

(22.) Being a common prostitute or streetwalker loiters about or importunes passengers for the purpose of prostitution:

(23.) Habitually or persistently importunes or solicits, or loiters about for the purpose of importuning or soliciting women or children for immoral purposes:

(24.) Is drunk and incapable, and not under the care and protection of some suitable person:

(25.) To the danger or annoyance of the residents or passengers, wantonly discharges any firearm, or recklessly makes use of any sling or catapult or similar article, or throws or discharges any stone or other missile, or makes any bonfire, or sets fire to and throws any firework:

(26.) To the danger or annoyance of the residents or passengers plays at any game, throws any snowball, or makes or uses any slide upon ice or snow, or flies any kite; but games may be played on any rinks, links, common or public park, subject to the power of regulation by byelaws as herein provided:

(27.) Cleanses, hoops, fires, washes, or scalds any casks or tubs or hews, saws, bores, or cuts any timber or stone, or slacks, sifts, or screens any lime, or during the erection or demolition of any house or building, or otherwise, lays down or removes any lime or other material without the same being sufficiently watered to prevent the same being carried or blown about: (28.) Throws or lays down any stones, coals, slate, shells, lime, bricks, timber, iron, or glaziers' chips, or the sweepings of any house, shop, warehouse, or other premises, or other materials (except building materials so enclosed as to prevent mischief to passengers), except tor the purpose of housing or removing the same, or suffers such material to remain for a longer period than is necessary:

(29.) Beats or shakes any carpet, rug, or mat, contrary to the byelaws of the Commissioners:

(30.) Fixes or places any flower pot or box or other heavy article at any upper window, without sufficiently guarding the same to prevent it from falling:

(31.) Unnecessarily or without taking due precaution to prevent accidents throws from the roof or any part of any house or building any slate, brick, wood, rubbish, snow, or other thing:

1892.

Burgh, Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

507

(32.) Permits any female to stand on the sill of any window, in order to clean, paint, or perform any other operation upon the outside of such window, or upon any house or other building unless such window be in the sunk or basement storey:

(33.) Wilfully jostles or annoys any person:

(34.) Discharges any smoke or steam from any premises (otherwise than from the top thereof) into any such street, or suffers or permits the condensed water or moisture from any steam-pipe, flue, or funnel to fall into or upon the street:

(35.) Leaves open any vault or cellar, or the entrance from any street to any cellar or room underground, without a sufficient fence or handrail, or leaves defective the door, window, or other covering of any vault or cellar, or does not sufficiently fence any area, pit, or sewer left open, or leaves such open area, pit, or sewer without a sufficient light after sunset to warn and prevent persons from falling thereinto:

(36.) Throws or lays any dirt, litter, or ashes or nightsoil, or any carrion, flsh, offal, or rubbish, on any street, back area, court, except for the purpose of immediate removal, or on any place, or strand and sea beach, down to low-water mark, or into the channel or on the banks of any river or into any harbour within the burgh, or causes or allows any such matter, solid or liquid, to fall or run on any street, or lays down salt on any street, or footway in time of snow: But it shall not be deemed an offence to lay sand or other materials in any street in time of frost to prevent accidents, or litter or other suitable materials to prevent the freezing of water in pipes, or in case of sickness to prevent noise, if the person laying any such things causes them to be removed as soon as the occasion for them ceases:

(37.) Keeps any swine near any dwelling-house so as to be a nuisance or an annoyance to the residents or passengers:

(38.) Every baker who carries any board or basket, or chimney sweeper who carries any ladder, besom, or sack on the footpath or foot pavement, except for the purpose of crossing the same:(39.) Carries any basket, creel, or other burden, so as to obstruct or annoy any passenger on the footpath or foot pavement, except for the purpose of crossing the same:

(40.) Conducts any wheeled vehicle on the footpath or foot pavement, except a perambulator or invalid carriage:

(41.) In vending coals or other articles, shouts or calls out, or uses any bell or horn, or other instrument, to cause annoyance to any inhabitant after being requested by a constable or inhabitant to cease:

(42.) Accumulates within any enclosure, area, house, building, garret, cellar, or other apartment, any dung, soil, dirt, ashes, filth, or other offensive matter or thing:

(43.) Places or throws upon any footpath or foot pavement any orange rind or peel, or other thing likely to cause danger to passengers:

(44.) Wilfully and wantonly disturbs or annoys any inhabitant by pulling or ringing any door-bell, or knocking at any door, or

508

Habitual

drunkards.

Ch. 55. Burgh Police (Scotland), 1892. 55 & -36 Vict.

wilfully and unlawfully extinguishes the light of any lamp or stair gas:

(45,) Without proper precautions, places or leaves any petroleum, paraffin, naphtha, detonator, dynamite, or other combustible or explosive material, to the danger of any person:

(46.) While in charge of any horse, cart, or carriage, falls asleep, or leads or drives any cart or carriage under his charge abreast of another or not in line, or, when required by any constable or other person, refuses to allow a free space between every two of such carts or carriages, for the purpose of crossing, or does not give his name and address when required by any person reasonably apprehending danger:

(47.) In raising or lowering or causing to be raised or lowered any article to or from any building by means of a chain or rope, does not sufficiently secure such article and provide and use means for protecting the public against the risk of injury:(48.) Rides on or hangs from the back of any cart or carriage, or tramway car, without authority from the owner or person in charge thereof:

(49.) Affixes or causes to be affixed to any building any sign, signboard, or insignia of trade without the consent of the owner and occupier, or affixes or causes to be affixed or suffers to remain any projecting sign, signboard, advertising board, or insignia of trade without the consent of the Commissioners: (50.) Being the owner of any cart or carriage used for the conveyance of goods, or plying for hire, allows the same to be used without having his Christain name, surname, and place of abode painted in a straight line horizontally upon some conspicuous part on the off or right side of such cart or carriage, in legible letters, either of a dark colour upon a light ground, or of a light colour upon a dark ground, not less than one inch in height, with numbers, beginning with number one where more of such carriages respectively than one shall belong to the same owner, and proceeding in regular progression:(51.) Being the owner of any cart or carriage permits the same to be driven by any person who is not of the full age of fourteen years, or in any street puts a cart or carriage, and the animal yoked to the same, or any unyoked or saddled horse, temporarily under the charge or care of a person who is not of the full age of fourteen years:

(52.) On being authorised to open the carriageway or foot pavement, shall neglect sufficiently to protect such opening at all times and to light the same at night:

(53.) Stands or loiters on the footway, or sits or lies to the obstruction or annoyance of the residents or passengers on the footway or street:

Provided also that nothing contained in this section shall prejudice or affect any byelaws lawfully made by any harbour commissioners or trustees, or any prosecutions for offences under the same.

382. It may be charged as an aggravation of the offence of being drunk and incapable that the accused person has within the

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

509

twelve months preceding been three times previously convicted, of such offence; and if the accused person is convicted and such aggravation is proved, the magistrate may impose an additional penalty not exceeding forty shillings in respect of such aggravation, and may sentence such person to imprisonment for any period not exceeding fourteen days without the option of a fine.

383. If any matter or thing whatever shall be placed or allowed to remain in any street, to the obstruction, annoyance, or danger of the residents or passengers, it shall be lawful to the chief constable or other constable to remove or cause the same to be immediately removed to any place of safety, there to remain at the risk of the owner' and person offending, and to detain the same until the expenses of removal and detention are paid; and if such expenses are not paid within seven days, io sell or dispose of the same, and apply the proceeds as the magistrate shall direct.

384. Every person who so uses, or causes or permits or suffers to be used, any furnace or fire (except a household fire) as that smoke issues therefrom, unless he proves that he uses the best practical means for preventing smoke, and has carefully attended to and managed the said furnace or fire so as to prevent as far as possible the escape of smoke therefrom, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings in respect of any such act or omission, and to a further penalty not exceeding five pounds in respect of every day, or part of a day, during which such act or omission continues after the imposition of the first-mentioned penalty, or in respect of every act or omission of a like nature which occurs within one month after such imposition. This enactment shall apply to any person in charge of a steamer plying on a river or estuary of the sea within the jurisdiction of the magistrates of the burgh1: Provided that nothing in this Act shall be construed to extend to mines so as to interfere with or obstruct the efficient working of the same, nor to the smelting of ores or minerals, nor to the calcining, puddling, and rolling of iron and other metals, nor to the conversion of pig iron into wrought iron, so as to obstruct or interfere with any of such processes respectively.

385. The magistrates may from time to time make byelaws and issue notices and orders:—

(1.) Regulating the traffic, or any particular traffic in streets within the burgh:

(2.) Diverting temporarily out of any street or streets, traffic of every kind, or such particular lands of traffic as may be specified in any such order or notice:

(3.) Prescribing the afreets in or through which particular kinds of traffic shall not be permitted, or where permitted the hours within which they are permitted:

(4.) Prohibiting or regulating public processions:

And every breach of any such byelaw, notice, or order shall be deemed an offence against this Act, and every person committing such an offence shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings.

Power to remove articles placed io streets.

Prevention of nuisance arising from smoke.

Regulation of street traffic.

510

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (j ScotlandI) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Power to impound stray cattle.

Power to sell stray cattle for penalty and expenses.

Removal of furniture.

Dogs or other animals, if a nuisance or annoyance, to be removed, &c

386. If any cattle be at any time found at large in any street of the burgh, without any person having the charge thereof, any constable or officer of police may, if he cannot readily find the owner thereof, seize and impound such cattle, and may detain the same until the owner thereof pay to the Commissioners a penalty not exceeding forty shillings, besides the reasonable expenses of impounding and keeping such cattle.

387. If the said penalty and expenses be not paid within three days after such impounding, the person by whom such cattle were seized and impounded as aforesaid, or other person appointed by the Commissioners for that purpose, may proceed to sell such cattle, or cause the same to be sold; but previous to such sale seven days notice thereof shall be given to or left at the dwelling-house or place of abode of the owner of such cattle, if he be known, or if not, then notice of such intended sale shall be given by advertisement, to be inserted seven days before such sale in some newspaper published or circulating within the burgh in which the seizure was made; and the money arising from such sale, after deducting the said sums, and the expenses aforesaid, and all other expenses attending the impounding, advertising, keeping, and sale of any such cattle so impounded, shall be paid to the Commissioners, and shall be by them paid on demand to the owner of the cattle so sold:Provided such balance be claimed within six months of such sale, and in default of such claim the balance shall be applied to the purposes of this Act.

388. It shall be lawful for any constable to stop and convey to the police office and there detain, until due inquiry can be made, any cart or carriage, and any person in charge thereof or connected therewith, found within the burgh employed in removing furniture, or any person carrying furniture, between the hours of eight in the evening and six in the morning, except at the usual terms of removing observed within the burgh.

389. Every person who shall keep, or suffer to be kept, within any house, building, cellar, court, or area, or other premises, any dog, or any fowl, or any other animal, which is a nuisance or an annoyance to the inhabitants in the neighbourhood, and shall not remove the cause of such nuisance or annoyance within such time as the magistrate shall determine, which he is hereby authorised to do in a, summary manner; and every person who shall suffer to be at large or have at large any ferocious, rabid, or vicious dog, not being muzzled, and every person who shall, after notice given by the magistrates, which they are hereby authorised to issue, directing that dog should be confined on account of any suspicion of canine madness, suffer any dog to be at large, or have the same at large during the time specified in such notice, all such persons shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings; and any constable may seize and take possession of any dog or other animal, being a nuisance or an annoyance as aforesaid, and not removed, if so ordered, or any ferocious, rabid, or vicious dog, not being muzzled as aforesaid, or any dog not confined after such notice, and the

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland), 1892. Ch. 55.

511

chief constable may cause any dog so seized to be destroyed; and he may also cause to be destroyed any dog reasonably suspected to be in a rabid state, or which has been bitten by any other dog reasonably suspected to be in a rabid state.

390. Any constable may take possession of any dog found straying in the burgh, and not under the control of any person, and may detain such dog for five clear days at a police station or other place selected by the chief constable, and during that time it shall be properly fed, and if at the expiration of that time such dog be not claimed, and all expenses incurred by its detention paid, the same may be sold or destroyed. When any dog taken possession of by any constable wears a collar with the address of any person inscribed thereon, a letter stating the fact of such dog having been taken possession of shall be forthwith sent by the chief constable by post or otherwise to the address inscribed on the collar.

391. It shall be lawful for any householder, personally or by his servant, or by a constable of police, to require any street musician or singer to depart from the neighbourhood of the house of such householder; and every person who shall continue to sound or play any instrument, or sing in any street, at any time after being so required to depart, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings.

392. No person shall, without the sanction of the Commissioners, use or employ in any manufactory or any other place any steam whistle or other similar call for the purpose of summoning or dismissing workmen or persons employed, and every person offending against this enactment shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds, and to a further penalty not exceeding forty shillings for every day during which such offence continues: Provided always that the Commissioners, in case they have sanctioned the use of any such instrument as aforesaid, may at any time revoke such sanction on giving one month's notice to the person using the same.

393. If any two or more persons assemble together in any street or open place within the burgh, for the purpose of engaging in lotteries, betting, or gaming, each of such persons shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings.

394. Bicycles, tricycles, velocipedes, and other similar vehicles are hereby declared to be carriages within the meaning of this Act, and the following rules shall be observed by any person or persons using such carriage:

(1.) During the period between one hour after sunset and one hour before sunrise every person using such carriage shall carry attached to his vehicle a lamp, which shall be so constructed and placed as to exhibit a light in the direction in which he is proceeding, and so lighted and kept lighted as to afford adequate means of signalling the approach of the carriage:

(2.) Upon overtaking any cart or carriage, or any horse, mule, or other beast of burden, or any foot passenger, every such person

Stray dogs.

Street

musicians.

Use of steam whistles and trumpets.

Penalty for betting in streets.

Rules for persons using bicycles,

512

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Theatres, &c. to be licensed.

Terms of licence.

Public shows, &c. not to be opened or set up in burgh without sanction of magistrates.

shall, within a reasonable distance from and before passing such cart or carriage, horse, mule, or beast of burden, or such foot passsenger, by sounding a bell or whistle, or otherwise, give audible and sufficient warning of the approach of the carriage:

and any person who breaks either of these rules shall be liable for any one offence to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings.

Theatres and Places of Public Resort.

395. It shall not be lawful for any person to have or keep any house or other place of public resort within the burgh for the performance of stage plays or other theatrical representations, or any circus, or any place for entertainments in the nature of dramatic entertainments or exhibitions, or any other place of public resort for public dancing, music, or other entertainment of a like kind (all which places are herein-after shortly described or referred to as theatres or other places of public amusement), into which admission is obtained by payment of money or for money consideration, without being duly licensed by the magistrates, without prejudice to any powers pertaining by statute to the Lord Chamberlain.

396. The fee to be paid for each licence shall not exceed twenty shillings, and no licence shall be granted to any person except the actual and responsible manager of any such theatre or other place of public amusement, and the name and plao£ of abode of such manager shall be printed on every playbill or other public notice announcing any representation at such theatre or other place of public amusement; and such manager shall become bound, himself in such penal sum as the magistrates may require, not exceeding fifty pounds, with two sureties, to be approved of by the magistrates, in such further sum not exceeding twenty pounds each, as the magistrates in like manner may require, for the due observance of the conditions of the licence and of the byelaws from time to time in force in the burgh during the currency of such licence for the regulation of such theatre or other place of public amusement, and for securing payment of the penalties which such manager may Jbe adjudged to pay for breach of any of such byelaws or of this Act.

397. No public show of any description whatever, whether in open ground or in any house or building, or caravan or tent, knd no swings or hobby-horses, and no shooting-gallery, singing or dancing saloon, or bowling or nine-pin alley, and no place for playing skittles (all which are herein-after shortly described or referred to as public shows and other like places of public entertainment), shall be opened or set up within the burgh without the permission of the magistrates; and it shall be lawful for the magistrates to regulate, restrain, remove, or prohibit all such public shows and other Tike places of public entertainment, and to m ike and establish regulations and prohibitions to that effect; and if any person shall open or set up, or be concerned in opening or setting up, any such public show or other like place of public entertainment, without the sanction or permission of the magistrates, or shall

.1892.

Burgh Police (Scotlan 1892. Ch. 55.

513

contravene any such regulation or prohibition, all such persons shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds, and also to a continuing penalty of five pounds for every d iy during which the offence is committed or continued.

398. Where in any case money or other reward shall be taken Barden of or charged directly or indirectly as an entrance fee, or where the purchase of any article is made a condition for the admission of any person into a theatre or other place of public amusement, and it

shall be proved that such theatre or other place is used for any public performances or for any of the purposes of public amusement herein-before specified, the burden of proof that such theatre or other place of public amusement is duly licensed shall devolve on the party accused, and until the contrary is proved, such theatre or other place of public amusement shall be taken to be unlicensed, and every person acting therein shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings for each offence.

399. The magistrates may from time to time make byelaws Byelaws may for the due licensing of theatres and other places of public amuse- be made *s to. ment within the burgh, and may provide in such byelaws for the suppression of riots and disorderly conduct, and for the prevention

of smoking within such theatres or other places, and for regulating the times at and during which the same shall severally be allowed to remain open.

400. In case of riot, or of the breach of any byelaws made by Penalty for the magistrates, taking place in an}r theatre or other place of public bydaws^ amusement, the magistrates, after hearing the holder of the licence,

may order the same to be closed, or may suspend the licence thereof for any period they think fit, and during that period such theatre or other place of public amusement shall be deemed to be unlicensed, and the manager thereof shall, in addition to any other penalty he may incur, be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds for each day on which he continues to contravene or offend against such byelaws.

401. Any constable shall have power, by virtue of his office, at Constables

any time to enter any premises or other place of the following description, and every part thereof, viz.: premises.

(1.) Any place to which the public are admitted, by payment or otherwise, used for the purpose of a theatre, public show, or other place of public amusement or entertainment:

(2.) Any music, singing, or dancing saloon, or any shooting gallery, or bowling or nine-pin alley, or any place for playing skittles, or any eating-house, coffeehouse, or other such place:

(3.) Any victualling house, public-house, house, or building in which wine, spirits, beer, cider, or other exciseable or fermented or distilled liquors are sold or suspected to be sold, whether licensed or not:

(4.) Any house or building, or brothel for the reception of prostitutes, or usually frequented by thieves or loose and disorderly persons:

Kk

514

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

(5.) Any building or part of a building which is kept or used for a purpose in respect of which a licence is required by the provisions of this Act:

(6.) Any ship or other vessel not being employed in Her Majesty's service:

and every occupier or keeper of any such premises or other place, or other person having the charge thereof, who shall not ad nut such constable when required, shall be liable to a penalty uot exceeding ten pounds.

Unlicensed 402. Any magistrate may, by order in writing, authorise any bettered and consta^e to enter into any building or part of a building suspected occupants to be kept or used for stage plays or dramatic entertainments, or as

removed. a circus, or as a public show, or for any of the purposes herein-

before specified, into which admission is obtainable by payment of money or for money consideration, and which is not licensed in accordance with the requirements of this Act, at any time when the same is open for the reception of persons resorting thereto, and to remove any person found therein without lawful excuse; and every person keeping, using, or knowingly letting any building or part of a building or any place for the purposes aforesaid, or any of them, which building, part of a building, or place shall be unlicensed as aforesaid, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds, and every person being therein without lawful excuse, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings, and the burden of proving that any such building, part of a building, or place is a licensed theatre or circus, or that any public show is sanctioned by the magistrates, shall be upon the person keeping or conducting the same.

Disorderly Houses and Gambling Houses.

Suppression of 403. The magistrate may on a complaint by the burgh prose-brothels. cutor grant warrant to enter into and search from time to time, during any period not exceeding thirty days from the date of such warrant, any house or building, or part of a house or building, or other place, which on examination of the chief constable or an inspector or lieutenant of police and at least one other person, not holding any office or situation under this Act, the magistrate is satisfied there is reasonable ground for believing to be kept, managed, or used, or suffered to be used as a brothel; and any constable under authority of such warrant may take into custody and convey to the police office the occupier of such house or building, or part of a house or building or place, or any person found therein who either temporarily or permanently manages or assists in the management of such brothel, and every such person shall be liable on conviction before the sheriff or two magistrates of being the occupier of, or of temporarily or permanently managing, or assisting in the management of such brothel, to a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds, or to imprisonment, without the option of a fine, for any period not exceeding sixty days, and failing payment of any such penalty, to imprisonment not exceeding sixty days, and the conviction of any such person as aforesaid, shall, ipso facto, void

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892.

Cff. 55.

515

and terminate any lease, or any arrangement to let such house or building, or part of a house or building, from and after the date of such conviction:Provided always, that all legal rights of the owner the eof for rent or otherwise, for the year current at the date of such conviction, and consequent voidance or termination of lease, or let, or arrangement to let, shall remain unaffected, and may be enforced as if no such voidance or termination had followed such conviction.

404. The magistrates, on their being satisfied on the complaint

of two or more householders residing in any common tenement or meetings °F any building, that any house, room, or apartment therein, used for becomes a entertainments, is a nuisance, may order the person having or nuisance* keeping the same to discontinue the use thereof till the nuisance be abated, and every person continuing to use such house, room, or apartment for such purposes while any such order is in force shall be liable, on conviction before the sheriff or two magistrates, to a penalty not exceeding ten pounds, or to imprisonment for a period not exceeding sixty days.

405. Every person who within the burgh keeps or uses or acts Penalty on

in the management of any house, room, pit, or other place for the persons purpose of fighting, baiting, or worrying any animals, shall be foTbaifing^5 liable to a penalty of not exceeding five pounds, or in the discretion animals and on of the magistrate before whom he is convicted, to imprisonment, found

with or without hard labour, for a time not exceeding one month 1 ereln* without any penalty being imposed; and the magistrate may, by

order in writing, authorise the chief constable, with such constables as he thinks necessary, to enter any premises kept or used for any of the purposes aforesaid, and take into custody all persons found therein without lawful excuse, and every person so found shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five shillings; and a conviction for this offence shall not exempt the owner, keeper, or manager of any such house, room, pit, or place from any penal consequences to which he is liable for the nuisance thereby occasioned.

406. All persons who shall be found in possession of or shall Penalty against exhibit implements or articles for practising games of hazard, in

order to induce or entice, or who shall induce or entice, any person hazard°&c. to play at any game of hazard, or who, by any fraudulent act or device, shall cozen and cheat or attempt to cozen or cheat any person out of any mon^y or property, on conviction shall be imprisoned for any term not exceeding sixty days, and shall also at the same time be sentenced to repay any money or restore any property which they may have obtained by means of any such offence, and failing such payment or restoration, may, under the same procedure, be committed to or detained in prison for any further term not exceeding sixty days.

407. It shall be lawful for the chief constable or any constable Gaming of police, having good grounds for believing that any house, room, house8, or place is kept or used as a gaming or betting house, to enter such house, room, or place, and, if needful, to use force for the purpose of effecting such entry, and to take into custody all persons who

K k 2 i

516

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

shall be found therein, and to seize all tables for and instruments of gaining found in such house, room, or place, and all moneys and securities for money found therein; and the owner or keeper of such gaming or betting house, or other person having the care or management thereof, and also any person who shall act in any manner in conducting such gaming or betting, shall be liable in a penalty not exceeding fifty pounds; and upon conviction of any such offender all such tables and instruments of gaming shall be-destroyed, and all the moneys and securities for money which shall have been seized as aforesaid shall be paid over to the collector of police, and applied in the same way and manner as penalties by this Act are directed to be applied; and every person found within such premises without lawful excuse shall be liable in a penalty not exceeding ten pounds.

It shall not be necessary, in support of any prosecution under this Act for gaming in or suffering any game or gaming in such; gaming or betting house, or for keeping or using or being concerned in the management or conduct of such house, to prove that any person found playing at any game was playing for any money, wager, or stake.

Suppression of Vagrants.

408. Every person found begging, or exposing wounds, or de-to formities, or who shall cause or permit the exposure of children of

tender age to the inclemency of the weather, or causing childi en to sing in any street or court, or common stair, or otherwise acting so as to induce, or for the purpose of inducing, the giving of alms, and every person conducting himself as a vagrant, having no fixed place of residence, and no lawful means of getting his livelihood, shall be liable, for the first offence, to a fine not exceeding twenty shillings, or to be imprisoned for any period not exceeding thirty days, or to imprisonment for such period, without the option of a fine, and for the second or any subsequent offence, to be imprisoned for & period not exceeding sixty days.

409. Every known or reputed thief, or associate of known or may be appre-8 rep11^ thieves, who is found in any house or building, or part of a hemled, &c. house or building, or other enclosed place, or who is found frequenting any street, court, house, or building, or place adjacent, with intent to commit any crime, or who is in possession of any picklock, key, crow, jack, bit, or other implement usually employed in housebreaking, or who is found in possession of any money or article without being able to give a satisfactory account of his possession thereof, may be apprehended, and, on conviction, be committed to prison for any term not exceeding sixty days; and it shall not be necessary in proving the intent to commit a crime to show that such person did any particular act or acts tending to show his purpose or intent, and he may be convicted if from the circumstances of the case and from his known character as proved to the magistrate it appears to such magistrate that his intention was to commit a crime. For the purpose of this section the word "crime " shall mean any description of theft, robbery, housebreaking, reset of theft, and

Vagrant beggars. See. be apprehended, and upon conviction imprisoned.

Known or

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

517

any similar offence involving dishonesty; and any money or article found upon the accused, if not claimed by the owner within twelve months, may be forfeited and applied for the purposes of this Act.

410. It shall be lawful for any constable to apprehend and Procedure bring before the magistrate any young person found begging or

-sent or suffered to go o<it for that purpose, and also the parents of children to such young person, or other relations to whose control he is subject, beK-by whom he has been so sent or suffered to go out, and also any other person by whom such young person has been so sent out; and on the complaint being established that such young person has been.

.sent out or suffered to go out for that purpose by his parents, or either of them, or by any other relation to whose control he is subject, or has been sent out for that purpose by any other person, it shall be lawful for the magistrate to punish such parent, relation, or other person as a vagrant or disorderly person by a fine not exceeding five pounds or by imprisonment for a period not exceeding thirty days.

411. It shall be lawful for any constable to apprehend and bring Beggars and before the magistrate all such beggars, vagrants, and idle poor han^overTo persons, strolling or wandering or seeking relief, or found lying in parochial any outhouse, stair, close, or area, or other place within the burgh; authorities, and it shall be lawful for the magistrate to direct and cause intimation of all such persons as he may not at the time convict

of begging and vagrancy, as herein-before provided, to be sent to the inspector of the poor of the parish within which such person shall have been found, in order that their claim, if any, as paupers may be investigated and disposed of according to law; and the magistrate shall direct and cause all such persons to be detained in custody pending such investigation, and the said inspector shall be bound to report to the magistrate the result of such investigation.

Articles Found or Stolen or Fraudulently

OBTAINED.

412. Every person finding any goods, articles, or money shall Goods, &c. Teport the fact, and deposit such goods, articles, or money with the

chief constable or other officer acting for him, within forty-eight (Jofae office, hours after the same shall have been found by such person; and every person failing so to report and deposit shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five "pounds; Provided always, that if the owner of such goods, articles, or money shall not claim the same and prove his ownership to the satisfaction of the magistrate within six months from the date of such report and deposit, the magistrate may award the same to the finder, under deduction of the expenses incurred for advertising for the owner; and where the owner shall appear and prove his ownership as aforesaid, the magistrate shall order such goods, articles, or money to be delivered to such owner, under deduction of such expenses and of such reward to the finder as in the circumstances the magistrate shall determine: Provided also, that if the owner of the same do not prove his ownership, and f

518

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Goods stolen or fraudulent I j disposed of to be delivered up to owner.

How stolen or unclaimed goods to be kept.

Unclaimed stolen property, &c. to be disposed of.

the finder cannot, within six months and after notice, be found, the magistrate may order such goods or articles to be sold and the proceeds thereof, or if the subject be money, such money to be applied to the purposes of this Act.

413. If any goods or articles shall be stolen or unlawfully obtained from any person, or being lawfully obtained shall be unlawfully pawned, pledged, sold, or exchanged, and complaint shall be made thereof, and if such goods shall be found in the p. ssessioa of any broker or other dealer in second-hand property, or of any person who may have advanced money upon the ciedit of such goods, it shall be lawful to any magistrate to issue a summons or warrant for the appearance of such broker, dealer, or other person, and for the production of the goods or articles; and the ownership of such goods or articles being established to the satisfaction of such magistrate, he shall order such goods or articles to be delivered up to the owner thereof, either with or without payment of any sum, and at such time as the magistrate shall think fit; and every broker, dealer, or other person who, being so ordered, shall refuse or neglect to deliver up the goods or articles, or who shall dispose of or make away with the same after notice that such goods were stolen or unlawfully obtained as aforesaid, or unlawfully pawned, pledged, sold, or exchanged, shall forfeit to the owner of the goods the full value thereof, to be determined by the magistrate: Provided always, that no order shall prevent any broker or dealer from recovering possession of such goods by action of law from the person into whose possession they may have come by the magistrates order, so that such action be commenced within three months next after such order shall be made.

414. Where any stolen or unclaimed goods or effects may be brought to the police office, the chief constable or other officer of police shall forthwith make an entry of the same in a book to be kept in the police office for that purpose and of the names of the parties from whom taken or by whom pledged or brought to the police office, in which book the chief constable or other officer of police shall also enter the date and manner in which such stolen or unclaimed goods shall be retained till disposed of.

415. All goods, articles, or money known or alleged to have been stolen or unlawfully obtained, and of which the owner may be unknown or which may be unclaimed, shall be taken possession of by the chief constable, and the magistrate after the expiration of twelve months, or, in the case of perishable articles, after the expiration of such period as he shall think fit, during which periods respectively no owner shall have claimed the same, shall grant warrant for the sale or disposal of such goods, articles, or money, the proceeds to be applied to the purposes of this Act: Provided always, that except in the case of perishable articles, notice of sale shall be given in two or more newspapers published or circulating in the burgh as the magistrate may direct: Provided also, that it shall not be necessary before such goods, articles, or money can be so sold or disposed of, that any apprehension shall have taken

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland), 1892. Ch. 55.

519

place, or that any formal charge before the magistrate shall have been made against any person for having stolen or unlawfully obtained the same.

Prevention of Fraud.

416. The Commissioners may erect, so far as not already done, Weighing and maintain steelyards, scales, or other weighing machines, upon to be

or adjacent to the streets, or at any other convenient places within ereo e ' the burgh, for the purposes herein-after mentioned, or they may grant powers to others to that effect, and they may also appoint proper persons to attend the same, with suitable allowances for their trouble:The Commissioners may also sanction and regulate the management of any steelyard or other weighing machines already existing within the burgh and not otherwise regulated by Act of Parliament.

417. It shall be the duty of the keeper of every public weighing DutJ o(machine, during such hours as shall be fixed by the Commissioners to weigh every cart cr carriage presented to him for that purpose, machines, and to enter in a book, and also to give to the driver a certificate of the contents or load of such cart or carnage, its gross weight, its number, or such other particulars as shall identify it, the tare weight, if marked thereon, and the exact time of weighing. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners from time to time to make byelaws fixing the charges to be made for the use of the weighing machines.

418. Nothing in this Act shall prejudice or affect the rights or Rights with powers of any harbour commissioners or trustees with respect to weighing machines lawfully erected or to be erected by them and machines not under their control. affected.

419. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners to provide. Power to furnish, and maintain such number of portable or movable machines for weighing coals as they may deem necessary, to be SmChines for kept at convenient places within the burgh, in order that the weighing coals, inhabitants may have access to them for the purpose of reweighing their coals at their own expense, if they shall be so inclined, and to employ proper persons to attend such machines, and to establish the rates to be payable for such reweighing; and it shall be lawful for the chief constable or any other officer acting under this Act, to cause coals offered for sale or for delivery to be reweighed, and to require the driver to produce the ticket thereof, as a check on the conduct of drivers and others, such reweighing being always done free of expense.

420. For the purpose of ascertaining the weight of coals sold in Retailers of quantities of less than half a ton within any yard or place where beP

they may be kept, or from any cart or carriage on which they may weight# for be carried by dealers for sale, such dealers shall be obliged to keep weighing at the scales and weights or steelyards of the legal standard within such ‘ime of dt~ yard or other place, and also attached to the cart or carriage used by them for the sale of such coals, whereby the coals so sold by

520

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Regulations as to sale of coals of half a ton weight.

' Carter to deliver

memorandum.

Penalty on driver refusing to weigh.

Small quantities of coals to be sold from carta and in labelled bags.

Penalty on fraudulent weighing.

retail may be weighed at the time of the sale or delivery, and such dealers shall be obliged to weigh the same, upon being required to do so either by the person purchasing the same or by any officer of police; and any such dealer failing to have and keep such scales and weights or steelyards, or refusing to weigh the coals as aforesaid, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings, and live pounds for any subsequent offence.

421. Any person who shall sell any quantity of coals equal to or exceeding half a ton weight, shall be bound to deliver to the carter, or person in charge of the said coals, to be given to the purchaser, an account or memorandum specifying the true tare of the cart or carriage conveying the said coals, and the true weight and price of the coals, and the exact time the cart or carriage has left the premises of the seller, under a penalty of twenty shillings for each offence in any one of such particulars.

422. The carter or person in charge of the said coals shall be bound to exhibit such account or memorandum to any police constable who may demand the same, and immediately on his arrival at the place of delivery shall deliver the same to the purchaser or inmate or other person in charge of the house or place of delivery, under a penalty of twenty shillings for each offence in either of the said particulars.

423. If any driver or other person having the charge of any cart or carriage shall not, upon being so required as aforesaid, take the same to any such public weighing machine, or shall refuse to assist in the weighing of the same in such manner as the drivers of carts or carriages are used and accustomed to do, such driver or other person shall for each offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings.

424. Every person who sells or delivers coals in quantities not exceeding two hundredweight in weight from any cart or carnage shall keep the specific quantities of coals to be sold by him made up in bags or boxes labelled in such a manner as to indicate the weight which such bag or box contains, and any such person failing to comply with this provision shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings.

425. If the keeper of any weighing machine used within the burgh for the purpose of ascertaining the weight of coals, or the seller of any coals which shall be weighed at such weighing machine, or any of their respective servants, shall wilfully, on application, refuse duly to weigh or reweigh any cart or carriage, with or without loading, or shall designedly do or omit to do anything with intent that the true weight or measurement of any coals weighed thereat shall not be ascertained, or if the owner or driver or other person having the charge of any cart or carriage shall place or knowingly have any article, matter, or thing in or about such cart or carriage, other than the proper load therein, or shall alter the tare or weight, or the ticket denoting the weight, of any cart or carriage, or the loading thereof, or shall make, use, or be privy to the making or using, any false or fraudulent ticket

1802.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

521

respecting the weight of any such cart or carriage or loading, or if by reweighing or otherwise it shall be discovered that any coals have been abstracted by such owner, driver, person in charge, keeper, or servant, from such cart or carriage, after it shall have passed the steelyard or weighing machine where it was originally weighed, or if the owner or driver or person in charge of any cart or carriage, or the keeper of any machine as aforesaid, or his servants shall make or give or use, or be privy to the making or giving or using, any false or fraudulent contrivance touching the weight of any cart or carriage, or the load therein, or shall knowingly assist in or connive at any fraud in or concerning the weight of any cart or carriage, -or of the load therein, or if any other person shall knowingly aid or assist in the committing of any fraud respecting the weight of any cart or carriage, or the load therein, weighed, or stated or represented to be weighed, at any such machine as aforesaid, then and in every, such case every person so offending shall for every offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds, or to be imprisoned for any period not exceeding sixty days without the option of a fine.

426. In order to prevent fraud in the weight of grain, hay, and Regulations straw, or other commodities usually weighed in carts or carriages, reventfn it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to make regulations for fraud in weight ascertaining the weight or quantity of grain, hay, or straw, or other of straw, commodities brought within the burgh, upon parties voluntarily &c* resorting to the said weighing machines for the purpose, and for the magistrate to punish persons disobeying such regulations, by seizing, forfeiting, and selling such grain, hay, and straw, or other commodities so brought in contravention of such regulations, or by imposing on the offender a penalty to the extent and in the manner before described in respect of coals which have not been duly weighed, and also to fine any person driving carts or carriages from which grain, hay, or straw, or other commodities shall have been fraudulently taken or embezzled, and any person accessory to such fraudulent taking or embezzlement, in any penalty not exceeding five pounds, or to sentence him to imprisonment for any period not exceeding sixty days without the option of a fine.

427. All bakers and dealers in bread shall, on all bread made Penalty on or exposed by them for sale (except fancy bread or rolls), impress thereon, in large and distinct figures, the imperial weight of such weight of bread; and any person who shall expose or offer for sale, or sell bread, any bread not so impressed shall be liable in a penalty not forty shillings for each offence; and any person who sh offer or expose for sale, any bread which shall be deficient or under the weight so impressed, shall be liable in a penalty not exceeding forty shillings for each offence.

exceeding all sell, or

428. In the case of cattle infected with or suspected of any disease within the meaning of the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Acts, 1878 to 1890, being exposed or offered for sale, or being brought or attempted to be brought through any street or into any market or fair, any inspector, collector, or constable may seize any such cattle, and cause the same to be inspected by a veterinary

Power to seize diseased cattle.

r

522

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 50 Vict.

Power to proceed against original seller of diseased cattle, &c.

Chief constable or inspector to have power to enter premises and require articles t > be weighed.

inspector, and may report such seizures to any magistrate, and such magistrate may, after hearing the evidence, either order such cattle to be restored, or direct the same, and also any pens, hurdles, troughs, litter, hay, straw, and other articles which he may deem likely to have been infected thereby, to be forthwith destroyed, or otherwise disposed of; and any person bringing or attempting to bring any cattle through any street, or into any market or fair, knowing the same to be labouring under any such disease, shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds.

429. Where any person is convicted by any magistrate of the offence of selling or exposing for sale, or of having in his possession for sale, any unsound or diseased animal or diseased meat, or any animal or meat unfit for the food of man, and intended for such food, it shall also be lawful for the burgh prosecutor to proceed against the original seller of such animal or meat as if he were an offender art and part with the convicted person, and as if he had committed such offence within the burgh, provided that such animal or meat were unsound or diseased, or unfit for the food of man, at the time of the sale thereof by such original seller to the convicted person; and the purchase by the convicted person or by any one on his behalf, from such original seller, wheresoever made or carried out, shall be taken and held to be a sale by such original seller of the animal or meat in question within the burgh, in premises kept and used for the sale of animals or meat; and the penalty and punishment provided by this Act against the person convicted shall also be applicable to and be leviable and recoverable from such original seller, and all the powers, authorities, jurisdiction, and forms of procedure given and provided by this Act against the convicted person shall be applicable to the prosecution, trial, and punishment of such original seller.

430. The chief constable, or any other constable specially appointed to perform the duty by the chief constable, or any inspector of weights and measures in the burgh, may, at all reasonable hours, enter any building or part of a building, or other place within the burgh in which any article is sold, or is made up, or kept or exposed for sale by weight or measure, or in which articles are sold or are set apart, or kept or exposed for sale in numbers, or in which any article is weighed or measured, or any articles are numbered with a view to their being bought or sold, or he may 8top any cart or carriage, or any person carrying or in charge of any basket from which such articles are sold, or kept or exposed for sale, on the street, public or private, and require such article or articles to be weighed, measured, or numbered in his presence; and if the weight, measure, or number thereof ascertained does not correspond with the weight, measure, or number thereof which has been represented by the person who has sold or made up, or kept or exposed the same for sale, or who weighed, measured, or numbered the same with a view to purchase or sale, such chief constable or other constable or inspector may seize, impound, and convey such article or articles to the police office, or t > an

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

523

office provided for the purpose by the Commissioners, and the magistrate may sentence the person who has sold or made up, or kept or exposed the same for sale, and who has incorrectly weighed, measured, or numbered the same with a view to purchase or sale, to a penalty not exceeding five pounds, and declare such article or articles in so far as belonging to such person to be forfeited, unless such person shall prove to his satisfaction that the deficiency in weight, measure, or number has arisen without any fraudulent intent.

431. All offences committed within the burgh under the Offences under Weights and Measures Acts, 1878 and 1889, and under the Criminal Law Amendment Act, 1885, in so far as it relates; to or criminal the suppression of brothels, may be tried by the magistrate as Law Amend-police offences under complaint by the burgh prosecutor; and the ment Act' penalties may be recovered and applied in the same way as penalties for police offences under this Act; and the magistrates

shall be the local authority, and the word burgh " in the said Weights and Measures Acts shall include any burgh under this Act.

432. The Commissioners of any burgh under this Act shall be Authority

the local authority under the Sale of Food and Drugs Act, 1875, of

and also under the Bakehouses Regulation Act, 1863, and all Drugs and offences committed in the burgh under any of the said Acts may Bakehouse* be brought before and tried by the magistrate as police offences Ac^u 1, 011 under complaint by the burgh prosecutor, and the fines and penalties may be recovered and applied in the same way as fines

and penalties for police offences under this Act.

Brokers and Pawnbrokers.

433. From and after the commencement of this Act no person Brokers to be shall within the burgh exercise or carry on the trade or business , lcen8e<i

of a broker (which for the purposes of this Act shall also include dealers in second-hand goods, known as " general dealers ") unless he shall have first obtained a licence so to do from the magistrates, which licence such magistrates shall have a discretionary power of granting or refusing as they shall see cause, and which, when granted, shall continue in force until the term of Whitsunday in each year, and no longer, unless sooner revoked or suspended, which the magistrates are hereby authorised to do, on legal conviction of any violation of any of the conditions of such licence, or of the provisions of this Act; and every person applying for such licence, or a renewal thereof, shall pay to the clerk a sum not exceeding two shillings and sixpence as the expense attending such application, and of recording the same, and the deliverance of the magistrates thereon, and of such licence or renewal, if granted, in a book to be kept by him for that purpose; and if any person shall within the burgh exercise or carry on the trade or business of a broker without having first obtained such licence as aforesaid, or after the revocation or during the suspension thereof, or shall contravene t!ie terms of such licence or any of the provisions of this Act, such person shall for each such offence be

524

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Brokers to furnish a description of their premises, and keep books.

Brokers to retain articles for fourteen days after having received them.

Brokers to produce articles and books on demand.

liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds; Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for the magistrates to grant any such broker's licence to any licensed pawnbroker carrying on business as such; but nothing in this provision shall be held to apply to the sale of goods bona fide forfeited in accordance with the Pawnbrokers Act, 1872.

434. Every person who shall apply to be licensed as a broker shall, at the time of his application, and at Whitsunday yearly thereafter, furnish to the clerk in writing a description of his premises, including all cellars, closets, and other places proposed to be used by him in the course of his trade; and all brokers shall enter in books to be kept by them on the premises the particulars of each transaction in their business, which particulars shall contain a proper and distinctive description of each article purchased or received by them, the name and place of abode of the person from whom they have purchased or received the same, and the date and hour of the day of each such transaction, and the price paid or agreed to be paid for such articles; and if any such broker shall fail to keep such book, or to enter therein the particulars before mentioned, he shall for each offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

435. All articles purchased or received by such brokers shall be kept by them in their shops or other places where their ordinary business is carried on for the full period of fourteen days from and after the date on which it shall appear from their books that such articles have been purchased or received; and every broker shall attach to each article a ticket or label with the date of purchase or receipt written thereon; and every broker who shall fail to attach such ticket or label, or who shall sell or otherwise dispose of or remove from his premises as aforesaid any such articles before the expiry of such period of fourteen days, or shall fail at any time in the course of that period to produce such articles to the chief constable, or to any constable acting under him, when required so to do, shall for each offence, upon conviction before a magistrate, be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds; and every broker shall add columns to his books in which entries shall be made showing to whom the several articles were sold or delivered, giving full name and full address and date of sale, and every broker failing so to do shall for each offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings.

436. Every broker shall, at ad reasonable times, exhibit and produce, on demand, to the chief constable, or to any constable acting under him, all articles in his possession, or which he may have received or purchased, and shall also produce his books in which the description of any such articles is or should have been entered, when required, in the police court, or to the chief constable, or any constable acting under him, and having the general or special authority of a magistrate, in which book the constable requiring and obtaining production thereof shall on every occasion subscribe his name immediately following the last entry therein; and as often as it shall be found that any goods or articles which

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

525

have been stolen, embezzled, or fraudulently obtained are in the possession of any broker, he is hereby required, on being informed by the chief constable or either constable authorised as aforesaid that such goods or articles were stolen, embezzled, or fraudulently obtained, to deposit the same with the chief constable, in order that they may be produced in such manner as may be necessary for the ends of justice, or upon proof of ownership, to the satisfaction of the magistrate, restored to the proper owner thereof; and every broker who shall refuse to produce and show the goods or articles in his possession, or the books in which the same ought to have been described, on being required so to do, or who shall refuse to allow the chief constable or constable requiring the said books to subscribe his name therein, or who shall not deposit any such goods or articles stolen, embezzled, or fraudulently obtained as aforesaid, shall, upon conviction before a magistrate, for every such offence be liable lo a penalty not exceeding five pounds, without prejudice to such broker being also proceeded against as a receiver or resetter of stolen goods according to law.

437. Every pawnbroker shall at all times during his hours of Pawnbroker to business produce on demand to the chief constable, or to any j^£uce constable acting under him, his books in which the articles received demand.

by him in pledge are entered, and shall exhibit to such chief constable or constable all goods regarding which information shall have been given tending to show or to render probable that the same have been stolen, embezzled, or fraudulently taken, and if required shall deposit the same with the chief constable for the ends of public justice, on receiving a receipt for such goods; and any pawnbroker who shall refuse to produce his books, or to exhibit and, if required, to deposit any goods as aforesaid, shall for every offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

438. If any goods or articles regarding which written or printed Brokers, &c. to information shall be given by any constable to any pawnbroker or rPrgt a broker as having been stolen, embezzled, or fraudulently obtained, penaft^for^ a shall then be or thereafter come into the possession of such pawn- neglect, broker or broker, such pawnbroker or broker shall, without unnecessary delay, give information at the nearest police station,

or to any police officer, if that should be the speediest mode of communicating that certain goods or articles answering the description of the said goods or articles were offered to him or are in his possession, and shall also state the name and address given by the person by whom the same were offered or from whom the same were received, under a penalty not exceeding five pounds for each and every such neglect or offence: Provided always, that in the case of wearing apparel or other articles which it may be difficult for such pawnbroker or broker to trace out and identify, no fine shall be exigible in respect of not reporting such articles, unless it shall appear to the magistrate that such articles had been knowingly concealed by such pawnbroker or broker.

439. If any broker shall after receiving information of the if stolen theft, or the embezzling or the fraudulent disposal of any metals, arUcles be goods, or articles of whatsoever description, melt, alter, deface, or Jefac^ by

526

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

broker, he shall be held to be resetter of stolen goods.

Brokers not to carry on business of publicans, nor to purchase tickets of pawnbrokers.

Pawnbrokers not to act as brokers, and brokers not to take articles in pledge.

Pawnbroker and broker not to carry on business in the same premises.

Penalty on brokers transacting business with persons under fourteen years of age.

Penalty on brokers transacting business between certain hoars.

put away the same, or shall cause the same to be melted, altered, defaced, or put away without having previously received the permission of the magistrate, and if it shall be found that such metals, goods, or articles were stolen, embezzled, or fraudulently disposed of by the person from whom such broker received the same, or by any other person, then and in such case it shall be held that such broker knew that such metals, goods, or articles were stolen, embezzled, or fraudulently disposed of, and such broker shall be proceeded against according to law as a resetter of stolen goods, or as being a party to the fraud, and punished accordingly; and no other evidence of his guilt shall be necessary than evidence of such melting, altering, defacing, or putting away, after receiving information as aforesaid.

440. It shall not be lawful for any broker or any pawnbroker to carry on business as a publican or retailer of exciseable liquors, or for any broker to purchase, receive, or take the note or ticket of any pawnbroker for any goods or articles which have been pawned, or to contract or negotiate in any manner with the holder of any such note or ticket, or any person in his behalf, for the purchase of goods or articles specified therein; and if any broker shall offend herein, either by himself or his servant, or by any other person having the charge of his premises, and for whom in such case he shall be held responsible, such broker shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

441. If any pawnbroker shall act as a broker, except in the sale of articles bona fide forfeited in accordance with the provisions of the Pawnbrokers Act, 1872, or if any broker shall receive or take any goods or articles in pledge, such pawnbroker or broker shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

442. It shall not be lawful for a pawnbroker and broker to carry on their respective trades within the same premises, or in separate premises having a communication with each other; and every pawnbroker or broker who shall offend herein shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds, which penalty shall be in addition to any penalty now payable for the like offence under any Act or Acts now in force.

443. It shall not be lawful for any broker at any time to sell to or purchase from any person who shall apparently be under fourteen years of age, whether such person is acting on his own behalf, or on behalf of some other person; and if any broker shall offend herein, either by himself or his servant, or any other person having the charge of his premises, and for whom in such case he shall be held responsible, such broker shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

444. It shall not be lawful for any broker to sell to or purchase from, or have any business transaction whatsoever with any person between the hours of ten o'clock of each Saturday night and nine o'clock in the morning of the following Monday, or between ten

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

527

o'clock of any other night and eight o'clock on the following morning; and if any broker shall offend herein, either by himself or his servant, or any other person having the charge of his premises, and for whom in such case he shall be held responsible, such broker shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

445. Any pawnbroker or broker who shall either by himself or Penalty on by his servant, or by any other person having the charge of his &acWDurchasin premises or business, and for whom in such case he shall be held tickets or responsible, and any other person who shall purchase, receive, or clothing take any note or ticket issued by authority of any parochial board ehai^abie or charitable institution, or any article of clothing issued by institutions, authority of any parochial board or charitable institution, and

legibly marked, or known by him to be so issued, shall for each such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds, without prejudice to such pawnbroker, broker, or other person being proceeded against according to law as a resetter of stolen goods.

446. Every pawnbroker or broker who shall keep or suffer to Pawnbrokers be in his premises any smelting pot or implement for melting, smelting pots, altering, or defacing gold, silver, lead, or other metals, shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds and such smelting pot or implement shall be forfeited.

447. Every person licensed as a broker shall have his name, Brokers to with the words "licensed broker, " painted ov er the door or principal ^Jmes^aint d entrance of his premises, in large characters, either black upon a over shop white ground, or white upon a black ground, and shall from time doors.

to time replace the same when removed, obliterated, or defaced, under a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings.

448. It shall be lawful for any pawnbroker, or other broker or Brokers, &c. dealer, or any other person to whom any goods or articles which may det"n shall be reasonably suspected to be stolen or illegally obtained son^offering shall be offered to be pawned, sold, or delivered, and he is hereby goods for required to detain the person offering the same, and for any officer pledge or Sftle-or constable thereupon to take such person into custody, for the purpose of being examined by a magistrate, and to take possession of such goods or articles for the ends of justice, and the magistrate may, on examination, immediately discharge such person, or may, if he shall see any ground for believing that the goods or articles have been stolen or illegally obtained, remand such person to the police office, or commit him to prison for a period not exceeding three lawful days, for further examination, or till bail be given for his appearance within the said term f<>r further examination; and if on further examination the magistrate shall be satisfied that the goods or articles were stolen or otherwise illegally obtained, he may commit the person charged to prison, to be dealt with according to law, and in that case all such goods and articles shall immediately be delivered up to and dealt with by the police as stolen or unclaimed property:Provided always, that the chief constable or other person on duty at the police office to which such person so offering

52$

Cu. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Provisions applicable to a dealer in marine stores.

Penalty on carrying on business without licence, and other c ffences.

such goods or articles may be taken shall, without delay, inquire as to the circumstances attending the possession of such goods or articles, in order to his determining, in the absence of the magistrate or burgh prosecutor, whether the party shall be immediately discharged. or liberated on bail in manner herein provided; and any pawnbroker, broker, or dealer, or any other person, who shall detain any person under this provision, .'-hall be freed from responsibility, unless malice be averred and proved.

449. The following provisions shall apply to a dealer in marine stores:

(1.) He must receive a licence from the magistrates, signed by the clerk, specifying the particular house and room or rooms in which the business is to be carried on, and which may be granted on application made to them in such form and with such particulars as they may prescribe:

(2.) He shall cause to be painted in capital letters not less than four inches in height and of proper breadth on the outside of the licensed house, and so th.-it the same shall be at all times plainly legible, his Christian name and surname at full length, with the addition " licensed dealer in marine stores ":

(3.) The licence shall be in force for one year only from its date or until the next general licensing day (if any):

(4.) It shall be recorded in a register kept for the purpose, and there shall be paid for it such fee not exceeding five shillings, as the magistrate may fix:

(5.) Whenever a licensee changes his place of abode, or the place or room or rooms in which he carries on his business, he shall, within twenty-four hours of the change, give notice thereof to the clerk, and within three days produce to the clerk his licence, who shall, if the magistrate be satisfied as to the suitability of the new premises, endorse thereon a memorandum specifying the particulars of the change:

(6.) The provisions herein-before enacted in regard to brokers in sections four hundred and thirty-four, four hundred and thirty-nine, four hundred and forty-one to four hundred and forty-six, both inclusive, and four hundred and forty-eight hereof, shall apply, under the same conditions, to dealers in marine stores.

450. Any person v ho commits any of the following offences, (that is to say,)

Carries on within the burgh the business of a dealer in marine stores without having obtained a licence for such purpose; or

Makes any wilfully false statement in any application for a licence; or

Having obtained a licence, neglects or omits to give effect to any - of the foregoing provisions, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds, and to a further penalty not exceeding five pounds for every day during which such business is carried on contrary to the provision of this Act.

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. .55.

529

451. Any such licence may be suspended or revoked by any Licences may magistrate or court before whom the licensee is convicted of any revoked*^ offence which, in the opinion of the magistrate or court, renders it expedient that such licence should be suspended or revoked, and although such revocation may not be craved in the complaint.

452. Nothing in this Act contained with respect to dealers in Saving for marine stores shall relate to or affect persons who carry on the BhiP chandlers business of a general ship chandler, or that business and the °rr°Pema ers-business of a ropemaker.

453. All offences committed against the provisions with respect Offences by to dealers in marine stores and manufacturers of anchors in the br^ker8 Merchant Shipping Act, 1854, and all offences committed against Jnd dealers in the provisions of the Pawnbrokers Act, 1872, except any offence marine stores to which a customs or excise penalty is attached, shall be deemed

police offences, and may be tried by the magistrate at the instance of the burgh prosecutor in the mode provided by this Act for the trial of police offences.

Jurisdiction and Recovery of Penalties.

454. The magistrates of police of a burgh under this Act, or Jurisdiction of any one or more of such magistrates, except where otherwise magistrates of provided in this Act, including stipendiary magistrates and sheriffs P°-I0e‘ acting in the police court, shall, within the burgh, have jurisdiction and power to take cognizance of all crimes, offences, and breaches of the police regulations in this Act contained or referred to, or contained in any other Act in force in the burgh, or of any byelaws made in virtue of the provisions of this or any other Act, or of any offence against the Public Parks (Scotland) Act,

1878, or any byelaws made in virtue of the provisions thereof, and of any other crime or offence which is punishable by public general or local statute or common law, and is within the jurisdiction of the magistrates of any royal burgh, and shall have the like jurisdiction within the burgh as any magistrate of a royal burgh, or any dean of guild of a royal burgh, has by the law of Scotland, and all jurisdiction to try offences and award punishment conferred on any justice of the peace, or two justices of the peace, or any magistrate, by any Act, public or local, passed or to be passed, or any byelaws, orders, or regulations made in virtue thereof and in force in the burgh: Provided always that such jurisdiction shall not extend to the trial of offences against any of the Inland Revenue or Customs Acts.

The sheriff shall have power to sit and act in the police court with consent of the magistrates on any special occasion or under any continuing arrangement.

455. The Commissioners of any burgh under this Act may Stipendiary resolve that a stipendiary magistrate shall be appointed to officiate in the police court or courts of the burgh, and may fix the salary JJ *

to be paid to him, and the following provisions shall apply: certain burghs.

(1.) The person to be appointed shall possess the qualifications required for a sheriff substitute in Scotland:

LI

530

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Office of stipendiary magistrate may be renewed or discontinued.

Boundaries of jurisdiction.

(2.) The Secretary for Scotland shall make the appointment, on being satisfied with the salary provided:

(3.) The tenure of office of the stipendiary magistrate shall be the same as that possessed by a sheriff substitute. He may only be removable from his office for incompetency or misbehaviour by the like process and by the same authority as is provided by law for the removal of a sheriff substitute:

(4.) Stipendiary magistrates, whether appointed before or after the passing of this Act, shall be entitled, out of the burgh general assessment, to retiring allowances for like reasons, on the like conditions and of the like amounts, having regard to their salaries and periods of service as are provided by law in the case of sheriff substitutes:

(5.) Stipendiary magistrates shall possess within the burgh the same jurisdiction, powers, and authorities as the other magistrates of the burgh acting in the police court or any of them: (6.) The Commissioners may from time to time increase the salary of the stipendiary magistrate.

456. Upon the death, removal, or superannuation of a stipendiary magistrate, it shall be lawful to the Commissioners to resolve that the office shall be discontinued, or to resolve then or at any future time that the office shall be continued or renewed, in which case the provisions before mentioned shall again apply.

457. In all proceedings for the trial of offences under the jurisdictions conferred by this Act, —

(1.) Where the offence is committed in, or on board, any ship or boat in any harbour, river, arm of the sea or other water (tidal or other) which runs between or forms the boundary of the jurisdiction of two or more courts, such offence may be tried by any one of such courts:

(2.) Where the offence is committed on the boundary of the jurisdiction of two or more courts, or within the distance of five hundred yards of any such boundary, or is begun within the jurisdiction of one court and completed within the jurisdiction of another court, such offence may be tried by anyr one of such courts:

(3.) Where the offence is committed on any person, or in respect of any property in or upon any cart or carriage whatsoever employed in a journey, or on board any vessel whatsoever employed in a navigable river, lake, canal, or inland navigation, the person accused of such offence may be tried by any court through whose jurisdiction such cart or carriage or vessel passed in the course of the journey or voyage during which the offence was committed, and where the side, bank, centre, or other part of the highway, road, river, lake, canal, or inland navigation along which the cart or carriage or vessel passed in the course of such journey or voyage is the boundary of the jurisdiction of two or more courts, a person may be tried for such offence by any one of such courts:

1892.

Bv/rgh Police (Scotla, 1892. Ch. 55.

531

(4.) Any offence which is authorised by this section to be tried by any court may be dealt with, heard, tried, determined, adjudged, and punished as if the offence had been wholly committed within the jurisdiction of such court.

458. Where the doing of any act or thing is made punishable by Punishment of this Act, or by any byelaw thereunder, the causing, procuring, abettors, aiding, abetting, or wilfully permitting or suffering such act or thing

to be done shall be punishable in like manner, if the nature of the case permits, and if an intention to the contrary does not appear in this Act.

459. If it shall appear, either in the preliminary investigation Certain crimes of the charge against any person accused of having committed any be tned crime, delinquency, or offence within the burgh, or during his trial court.1 before the magistrate, that such person has been guilty of or is

charged with any of the crimes denominated the pleas of the Crown (videlicet), murder, robbery, rape, and wilful fire-raising, or with the crimes of stouthrief, or of theft by housebreaking, or of housebreaking with intent to steal, or of theft to an amount exceeding ten pounds, or of theft by opening lockfast places, or of theft aggravated by having been twice previously convicted of theft, or of thert aggravated by being habit and repute a common thief, or of reset of theft, to an amount exceeding ten pounds, or of reset of theft aggravated by having been twice previously convicted of that crime, or of falsehood, fraud, and wilful imposition to an amount exceeding ten pounds, or of falsehood, fraud, and wilful imposition aggravated by having been twice previously convicted of that crime, or of breach of trust and embezzlement to an amount exceeding ten pounds, or of breach of trust and embezzlement aggravated by having been twice previously convicted of that crime, or of assault to the danger of life, or of assault whereby any limb has been fractured, or of assault with any knife or other lethal instrument where effusion of blood has followed, or of assault with intent to ravish, or of attempt at wilful fire-raising, or of culpable homicide, or of forgery, or of uttering a forged bank or banker's note, it shall not be competent for the burgh prosecutor, or those acting under or for him, to insist in a prosecution against such person before the magistrate, but the magistrate shall commit the person accused to prison for examination for any period not exceeding four days and the burgh prosecutor shall forthwith give notice of such commitment to the procurator fiscal of the sheriff court of the county, or county of the city, where such exists, in which the offence shall be charged to have been committed, in order that such person may be proceeded against conformably to law:Provided always, that the aforesaid provision shall not apply to chain-droppers, card sharpers, thimblers, loaded-dice players, keepers of roulette tables and wheels of fortune, and offenders of that description, whom the magistrate is hereby specially empowered to try and sentence, whatever may be the amount of the sum specified in the charge against them, or however often they may have been previously convicted.

460. The Commissioners shall appoint a proper person to be Clerk of poMoe clerk of the police court, with such salary as they may determine, court

LI 2

532

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Magistrates of police may appoint burgh prosecutor.

Interim burgh prosecutor.

Power to magistrate to grant warrant to take into custody.

May grant warrant to cite and failing appearance to apprehend.

Previous convictions of contraventions may be libelled and proved.

and such person may be the same person who is clerk to the Commissioners, and, subject to the approval of the Commissioners of the person or persons to be appointed, he may appoint, by a writing under his hand, a depute or deputes for whom he shall be responsible; and such deputes shall be invested with all the powers appertaining to the office of clerk of the police court

461. The Commissioners under this Act shall appoint from time to time, by writing and during pleasure, a fit person to be burgh prosecutor of the burgh, for the purposes of this Act and such burgh prosecutor shall within such burgh have all the powers and privileges appertaining to any procurator fiscal by the law of Scotland; and they shall fix his salary, and shall pay it out of the burgh general assessment.

Where in any burgh there are more police courts than one, the Commissioners may appoint one or more depute burgh prosecutors, and may appoint more than one police clerk to officiate in such courts, and they shall fix their salaries.

Where any burgh prosecutor is bound by the terms of his appointment to devote his whole time to the duties of his office, and abstain from other business, his tenure of office and his right to have his salary not diminished, shall be the same as is hereinbefore provided with regard to the chief constable.

462. Every proceeding or trial before the magistrate shall be conducted in the official name and at the instance of the burgh prosecutor; and any other competent person appointed by the magistrate for the purpose, may, in the absence of the burgh prosecutor, act in his stead and name, either at the first or any adjourned diet, and sign complaints for him, but the burgh prosecutor shall not be responsible for his acts.

463. The magistrate may, on a complaint by the burgh prosecutor, grant warrant to search for, take into custody, and convey to the police office, in order to be brought before him or some other magistrate, any person accused or suspected of having committed any crime at common law or any offence against this Act, or any other Act under which the magistrate has jurisdiction, and such warrant shall entitle the constable executing it to enter any building or part of a building, or other place whatsoever, and to break open lockfast places in which he has reason to believe or may reasonably suspect that such person is to be found.

464. If the magistrate shall deem it unnecessary or inexpedient to grant warrant for apprehension, he may grant warrant to cite the accused to appear at an appointed time; and in case the accused shall fail to appear, without proper excuse when cited, the magistrate may then issue his warrant for the apprehension of the accused.

465. It shall be competent for the burgh prosecutor, in any libel charging any person with an offence under or a contravention of any of the provisions of this Act, or any byelaws, orders, rules, or regulations made under or by virtue of this Act, to include in his

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland), 1892. Ch. 55.

533

libel a charge that said offence or contravention has been aggravated by previous conviction within seven years for a like offence or contravention of this Act, or any other Act, or any byelaws made under the same, and to lead proof in support of said last-mentioned charge; and in the event of the said offence or contravention, together with the said aggravation, being proved to the satisfaction of the magistrate, it shall be lawful for the magistrate to impose a penalty not exceeding forty shillings or thirty days imprisonment without the option of a fine in respect of such aggravation, in addition to the penalty or imprisonment which he is authorised by this Act to impose for the offence or contravention itself.

466. The magistrate may, at the instance of the burgh prosecutor, grant warrant to search for, seize, and convey to the police office any article mentioned in any complaint as having been stolen or fraudulently obtained, and any documents or articles likely to afford evidence of the guilt of the accused; and such warrant shall entitle the constable executing it to enter any building or part of a building, or other place whatsoever, and to break open lockfast places in which he has reason to believe or suspect that such articles or documents are to be found.

467. Any person found committing any offence punishable either by indictment or criminal libel, or upon summary conviction under this Act, or any other Act under which the magistrate has jurisdiction, may, without a warrant, be taken into custody by any police constable, or be apprehended by the owner of the property on or with respect to which the offence shall be committed, or by his servant or any person authorised by the owner or his servant, and may be detained until he can be delivered into the custody of a constable, and the person so arrested shall be taken as soon as conveniently may be before some magistrate, to be examined and dealt with according to law, but the chief constable or officer in charge at any police office or police station to which such person may be brought may liberate him if satisfied that there is not sufficient proof of guilt; and any constable may search any premises, and may also stop, search, and detain any vessel, boat, cart, or carriage in or upon which there shall be reason to suspect that anything stolen or unlawfully obtained, or fraudulently carried away, may be found, and also any person who may be reasonably suspected of having or carrying in any manner anything stolen or fraudulently obtained or carried away; and any constable may seize anything stolen or unlawfully obtained or fraudulently carried away.

468. When any person having charge of any horse, cart, or carriage, or any animal or thing, shall be taken into the custody of any constable, under the provisions of this Act, it shall be lawful for any constable to take charge of such horse, cart, or carriage, or animal or thing, and to deposit the same in some place of safe custody, as a security for payment of any expenses which may have been necessarily incurred for taking charge of and keeping the same (if the same cannot conveniently and safely be given up to the owner if known); and unless the same shall be claimed by the owner, and all expenses incurred thereon paid, within four days

Power to magistrate to grant warrant to search.

Officers or owners of property on which offences are committed may take offenders into custody.

Horse, carriage, &c. of persons taken into custody may be seemed.

534

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) A, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Persons in custody, in or passing through burgh, may be detained.

Watchmen may be placed in charge of shops, &c. left open.

Chief constable in certain cases may accept of bail or deposit.

after such detention, and after notice to the owner, if known, it shall be lawful for any two magistrates to order the sale thereof, and the proceeds of such sale to be applied towards the necessary expenses incurred, and the overplus, if any, to be paid to the owner if he can be found, and if he cannot be found to be applied in the same way as fines.

469. Any person charged with the commission of a crime or offence, or sentenced to imprisonment, when in the lawful custody of a constable of a county, city, burgh, or place, or of a warder or officer of a prison in the United Kingdom, for the purpose of being conveyed to a county, city, burgh, place, or prison, may, when in or passing through the burgh, be detained for a period not exceeding twenty-four hours, or not exceeding forty-eight hours if Sunday intervene, in a cell or lock-up at any police office or station provided under this Act, if the removal of such person through or from the burgh is delayed from any cause: Provided always, that the chief constable or officer in charge of such police office or station shall be satisfied that the person in custody cannot at once be conveniently removed, and provided also that any expense incurred for the maintenance of such prisoner shall be defrayed by the Commissioners or others by whom such constable, warder, or officer is appointed.

470. Where any constable or officer on duty shall discover that the window or door of any house, shop, warehouse, factory, or other premises within the burgh has been left open or unlocked, or is otherwise insecure, it shall be lawful for such constable or officer to put a watchman in immediate charge thereof, at the expense of the tenant or party occupying such premises, and such expense shall be recoverable by way of penalty before the magistrate by summary complaint at the instance of the burgh prosecutor, provided the magistrate considers the charge to be reasonable.

471. Upon the apprehension of any person charged with any offence under this Act, or with any crime or offence which may be competently tried before the magistrate, it shall be lawful for the chief constable, or other officer of police having charge in absence of the chief constable at any police office or station, to accept of bail or deposit, by a surety or by such person, that such person shall appear for trial before the magistrate at some time and place to be specified, and at all after diets of court, and to liberate the person so apprehended upon bail being found to an amount not exceeding twenty pounds, or upon the deposit of any money or article of value to the amount of the bail fixed; and the chief constable or other officer of police, if deposit be accepted, shall immediately enter the same in a book to be kept for the purpose, and grant an acknowledgment for the money or article so deposited: Provided always, that the chief constable or other officer of police may refuse, if he see cause, to accept of bail in any shape; and the refusal to accept bail or deposit, and detaining the person so apprehended until the case of such person is tried in the usual form, shall not subject the chief constable or other officer of police

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 56.

535

to any claim for damages, wrongous imprisonment, or claim of any other kind whatsoever: Provided also, that it shall be lawful to liberate any such person without bail, if the chief constable or other officer deem it proper so to do; and if any person fail to appear in redemption of his bail or deposit, not only may the same be forfeited, but warrant may be granted for his apprehension.

472. This Act shall be a sufficient authority to the constables Ajjffwrijjr *? for citing a party charged with any offence against the provisions parties and'10 of this Act, or of any other Act under which the magistrate has witnesses, jurisdiction, or of any byelaw, order, or regulation in force in the

burgh, or at common law, and for summoning any witness or haver to give evidence in relation to the same, and for executing within the burgh any warrant granted by a magistrate in virtue of the powers conferred by this Act or any Act incorporated herewith or under which such magistrate has jurisdiction; and it shall be deemed a legal citation of such accused person or witness or haver if the citation be delivered personally, or left at his dwelling-house, or if such person or witness Has no known dwelling-house, at the hotel, inn, lodging-house, or other place in which he eats and sleeps, or in the shop, warehouse, counting-house, or other place of business occupied by him, or where he is employed, or, in the case of a master of or seaman or person employed in any ship or vessel, in the hands of a person on board thereof and connected therewith, which citation of an accused person shall state the nature of the charge, and the time and place of appearance; and the citation of an accused person, witness, or haver, whether given by virtue of this Act or by warrant, may be proved by the execution of the officer or by his oath.

473. With regard to offences or omissions by companies, asso- Offences by ciations, or incorporations, the following provisions shall apply:— J^Sations

(1.) In the case of an ordinary company, any one or more of the corporations, 0 partners thereof, or the manager or person locally in charge bow to be of the concern, may be dealt with as if he or they were the dealt w, th* persons offending:

(2.) In the case of an association, incorporation, or incorporated company, any one or more of the directors or persons managing the affairs thereof, or the clerk, secretary, or other principal officer thereof, or the person in charge, or locally in charge of the affairs thereof, may be dealt with as if he or they were the persons offending.

474. If any person refuses to be precognosced by the burgh pro* for

secutor, or to give information or evidence concerning the subject- refuting*) matter of any crime or offence, on receiving a summons or citation give evidence, to attend for precognition at least twenty-four hours before the

diet of compearance, the magistrate may grant warrant to commit to prison such person for any period not exceeding thirty days.

475. Warrants granted by the magistrates for apprehending or Offenders

citing persons accused of having committed crimes and offences, or ^nf/rom

for citing witnesses for the prosecutor or accused when such persons police, how to

or witnesses are beyond the jurisdiction of the magistrates, shall be be proceeded

against, &c.

530

Ch. 55.

fiwrgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Persons in custody to be taken before magistrates.

sufficient for apprehending or citing the offenders and witnesses within Scotland, and for conveying such offenders as shall be taken into custody in terms of the warrant, to be dealt with according to law, and the said warrants may be lawfully and competently executed either by an officer of the court or magistrate granting the warrant, or by any constable or other officer of' the law, although addressed to officers of the court issuing the warrants; and the provisions of the Acts relative to the execution of sentences and of decrees for penalties and expenses beyond the jurisdiction of the court or judge by whom the same have been granted, shall be applicable to the execution of convictions and judgments pronounced under the authority of this Act; and the provisions contained in an Act passed in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter forty-two, entitled "An Act to facilitate " the performance of the duties of justices of the peace out of sessions within England and Wales, with respect to persons charged " with indictable offences, " for the enforcement of warrants granted by sheriffs and justices in Scotland by endorsation in England and Ireland, and also the provisions of the Act of the thirty-first and thirty-second years of Victoria, chapter one hundred and seven, for enforcing warrants within the Channel Islands, are hereby extended and made applicable to all warrants issued by the magistrate.

476. Every person who by virtue of this Act shall be taken into custody, and who shall be detained, may be detained in the police office or police cells, and shall be taken before the magistrate not later than in the course of the first lawful day after he shall be taken into custody, such day not being a sacramental fast day, or a day set apart for a general fast or a public holiday; and if the nature of the crime or offence charged shall admit of its being competently tried before the magistrate under the provisions of this Act, it shall be lawful for him to grant warrant to commit such offender to the police cells or to prison, for affording time to find bail, or for further examination, or for trial, such further examination or trial always taking place as soon as circumstances shall permit, and without any unnecessary delay; or if the crime or offence charged shall in the opinion of the magistrate merit a greater punishment than he can lawfully award, it shall be lawful for him at any stage of the examination or trial to commit such offender to prison for examination; or if the crime or offence charged, from having been committed beyond the limits of the burgh, or from being otherwise excluded from the jurisdiction of the magistrate, falls to be tried in another jurisdiction, it shall be lawful for the magistrate to commit such offender to prison until disposed of according to law; in either of which last two cases it shall be the duty of the burgh prosecutor to give notice of such commitment to the procurator fiscal or burgh prosecutor or other proper officer for the city, county, burgh, or other jurisdiction within which the crime or offence was committed, in order that such offender may be further proceeded against according to law: Provided further, that the chief constable or other person on duty at the police office or police station to which any person may be brought in custody may discharge such person from custody on

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

537

being satisfied that there is no sufficient evidence to warrant a complaint against him.

477. Without prejudice to the jurisdiction of the sheriff, justices of the peace, burgh, or dean of guild courts, as herein-after provided for, all prosecutions, actions, and proceedings for crimes and offences or contraventions of this Act, or any byelaws, orders, rules, or regulations made thereunder, committed within the burgh *, < r for the recovery of fines, penalties, forfeitures, or expenses under the provisions of this Act, or any other Act under which the magistrate has jurisdiction (the inode of recovering which is not herein otherwise provided for) shall be instituted, sued for, r r carried on before the magistrates of police, or any one of them, in the police court, at the instance of the burgh prosecutor, to be appointed as herein authorised; and (with the exception of complaints against cardsharpers, chain-droppers, thimblers, loaded-dice players, keepers of roulette tables and wheels of fortune, and offenders of like description) in all cases of theft or of reset of theft, or of falsehood, fraud, and wilful imposition, or of breach of trust and embezzlement, it shall be assumed that the sum of money or the value of the article stolen, resetted, obtained by falsehood, fraud, and wilful imposition, or embezzled, does not exceed ten pounds: and it shall not be competent thereafter to the person accused (except where an offer shall be made at the time of the trial) to prove that the money or article stolen, resetted, obtained, or embezzled exceeded in value the sum of ten pounds; and the whole procedure before such magistrates or any of them shall be conducted summarily vi voce, and without written pleadings, and in describing any offence against this Act or other Act under which the magistrate may have jurisdiction, it shall be sufficient to refer to the section of the Act founded on, without setting forth the enactment in words at length, and the description of any offence against the Act founded on in the words of such Act shall be sufficient in law; and no other record shall be kept of the proceedings except the complaint, the plea, the names of the witnesses examined, and the judgment pronounced; and it shall not be competent to any party who shall appear to answer to any complaint to plead want of due citation or informality in the warrant, citation, or execution.

478. Any person brought before the court by a warrant of apprehension or under the authority of this Act shall be entitled to require a copy of the complaint, and also to require that the hearing shall be adjourned for a period of not less than forty-eight hours; and such requisitions shall be complied with if made before the examination of any witness on the merits shall have commenced; but no such requisition shall be competent where a copy of the complaint or a summons stating the nature of the charge shall have been delivered to the accused personally forty-eight hours before the hearing.

479. Subject to the provisions contained in the preceding section no adjournment of the hearing shall take place when the accused pleads not guilty, or at any other stage of the proceedings, unless

Procedure in police court.

Accused may require adjournment of diet.

Court may adjourn hearing and detain

accused, &c.

538

Ch. 55.

Burgh .Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Objections to complaint

Procedure at hearing.

In certain cases magistrate may proceed in absence of accused, and may allow another person to appear for him.

the court shall think fit for some good reason to order an adjournment:Provided that, where the accused has been brought into court upon a warrant of apprehension, it shall be lawful for the court to grant warrant to detain him in prison or in police cells until the period to which the hearing shall be adjourned, or until he finds sufficient security to appear at all future diets of the court.

Where an adjournment is granted the court may, instead of ordaining the accused to find security to appear, appoint the accused to attend the sitting of the court to which the case is adjourned under a suitable penalty in case he shall fail to appear; and if the accused shall fail to appear at the adjourned diet, not only may the penalty contained in the bond or mentioned in the order of adjournment be forfeited, but warrant may be granted for his apprehension. A penalty contained in an order may be recovered by the like process as is herein provided for the recovery of a penalty in a forfeited bond.

480. No objection shall be allowed by the court to any complaint under this Act for any alleged defect therein in substance or in form, or for any variance between any such complaint and the evidence adduced on the part of the prosecutor at the hearing thereof, not changing the character of the offence charged; but 2 any such defect or variance shall appear to the court to be such that the accused has been thereby deceived or misled, it shall be lawful for the court to adjourn the hearing to some future day, and at the same time, or at any stage of the proceedings, to direct such amendment to be made upon the complaint as may appear to be requisite, not changing the character of the offence, and such amendment shall be authenticated by the signature or initials of the magistrate or clerk of court.

481. At the hearing of the case the charge shall be read to the accused, and he shall thereupon be required to plead in common form, and the accused may then state objections to the competency or relevancy of the complaint or proceedings; and if no objections are stated, or if such objections are stated and repelled or are obviated by amendment of the complaint or adjournment of the diet, as herein-before provided, the accused's plea shall then or at such adjourned diet be recorded, and the plea, if the same be guilty, shall be signed by the magistrate or person officiating as clerk of court, and if the plea be not guilty, the prosecutor shall proceed to establish his complaint by such evidence as is competent, and the accused may, if he think fit, lead such evidence as is competent, after which the court shall pronounce judgment at the same or any adjourned diet.

482. Where, in the police court of any burgh under this Act, a person accused of an offence for which the punishment is a pecuniary penalty only (recoverable by diligence or enforceable by imprisonment) fails to appear after being duly cited, the following provisions shall be in the option of the magistrate:—

(a.) The magistrate may adjourn the trial to another diet, and ordain the attendance of the accused at such diet:

(b.) The magistrate may proceed to try the case in the absence of the accused:

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland), 1892. Ch. 55.

539

(c.) The magistrate may allow any other person to appear and plead for and defend the accused, provided the magistrate is satisfied that such person has authority from the accused so to do:

(d.) The magistrate, if of opinion that the personal presence of the accused is necessary in order that he may be identified by the witnesses or for any other reason, may require the personal presence of the accused accordingly, and if need be grant warrant for his apprehension.

483. The magistrate may in his discretion, if such course appears to meet the justice of the case, dismiss any person found guilty of a statutory or common law offence with an admonition.

484. Any magistrate, though out of his jurisdiction, may sign any conviction, judgment, or warrant under this Act, provided the evidence and every other proceeding necessary to support such conviction, judgment, or warrant shall have been before him when within his jurisdiction.

485. If any person cited as a witness or haver shall neglect or refuse to appear at the time and place appointed by the citation, and no just excuse shall be offered in his behalf, it shall be lawful for the magistrate to issue a warrant for his apprehension; or, if the magistrate shall be satisfied by evidence upon oath that it is probable that such person will not attend without being compelled so to do, it shall be lawful for the magistrate to issue a warrant in the first instance for the apprehension of such person; and any witness or haver who shall wilfully fail to attend after being duly cited, or who shall refuse to be sworn or to be examined on affirmation, or who after the oath or affirmation has been administered to him shall refuse to answer any question which the magistrate shall allow, or to produce documents in his possession when required by the magistrate, may be summarily punished for his contempt by imprisonment or fine, such punishment not exceeding that which the magistrate would be entitled to award in case of conviction upon the complaint.

486. Where from the absence of witnesses for the prosecutor in any complaint, or from any other cause, it becomes necessary to adjourn the diet, and where witnesses for the accused in such prosecutions are in attendance, it shall be lawful for the magistrate, at the request of the accused person, and if the magistrate in the circumstances shall deem it proper, to take the evidence of the witnesses for the accused before the proof for the prosecution has been led or concluded; but the accused shall in all such cases be entitled to lead additional evidence after the prosecutor's case has been concluded.

487. The magistrate may sentence any person found liable in a pecuniary penalty to imprisonment until the same is paid, but in no case shall the period of imprisonment for non-payment exceed the respective periods herein-after specified.

488. It shall be lawful for the magistrate, in lieu of any punishment by imprisonment or fine, to ordain any offender to find

Magistrates may dismiss with an admonition.

As to signing of convictions and warrants.

Warrants may be issued for apprehension of witnesses.

Examination of witnesses.

In default of paying fines parties to be imprisoned.

Power to order offenders to find caution for

540

Cff. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

good behaviour caution for good behaviour for any period not exceeding six months, punishment. an(^ under a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds; and in the case en of any offence committed by a child of not more than twelve years of age it shall be lawful for the magistrate to summon the parent or other guardian of such child to appear in court, and to ordain such parent or guardian to find caution for the good behaviour of such child as aforesaid; and to sentence the person ordained to find such caution to be imprisoned till caution be found, but not exceeding the respective periods herein-after specified: Provided always, that, no parent or guardian shall be liable in terms of this section either to imprisonment for failure to find caution, or to forfeiture of the caution when found, if such parent or guardian prove that he exercised all due care to control the child, and to prevent the commission of offences by such child.

Or to find caution in addition to imprisonment or fine.

489. It shall be lawful for the magistrate, in addition to any punishment by imprisonment or fine, to ordain the offender to find caution as aforesaid from and after the expiry of the term of imprisonment, or from and after the payment of the fine or pecuniary penalty specified in the said sentence, or from and after the expiry of the term of imprisonment for non-payment thereof; and in case such caution shall not then be found, it shall be lawful to sentence the person ordained to find such caution to be further detained in prison beyond the expiry of said term of imprisonment until such caution be found; but in no case shall the whole period of imprisonment, including the period of detention for not finding such caution, exceed sixty days except as herein-after provided.

Punishment for common law offences.

490. The magistrate may either sentence the accused on conviction for common law crimes or offences to imprisonment with or without hard labour for any period not exceeding two months, or he may impose a fine not exceeding ten pounds, and failing payment thereof award imprisonment, not exceeding the respective periods after specified; and in lieu of or in addition to either of these modes of punishment he may order the accused to find security for good behaviour for any period not exceeding six months, and, under a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds, and failing the finding of such security he may award imprisonment or additional imprisonment not exceeding the respective periods after specified, but in no case shall the total imprisonment exceed sixty days except as herein-after provided.

For recovery 491. When any person shall be apprehended, and afterwards ^forfeited liberated on bail, and shall fail to appear, or when any person who bcmds <5 shall have found caution for good behaviour or for keeping the caution. peace as aforesaid shall commit a new offence inferring forfeiture of

such caution, it shall be lawful for the magistrate, on the motion of the burgh prosecutor, to declare the sum contained in the bail bond or bond of caution to be forfeited, and to order the cautioner to be charged to make payment thereof to the clerk within six days after the date of such charge, and in default of such payment, after the lapse of such period, to grant warrant for apprehending and imprisoning the cautioner till the said sum be paid, but which period of imprisonment shall not exceed the

1892.

Ch. 55.

541

Burgh Police (<Scotlan) Act, 1892.

respective periods herein-after specified from the time of incarceration, and after such imprisonment no further procedure against the cautioner shall be competent on the bond; and when any money or other article shall be deposited by any person as a security for his appearance, and such person shall fail to appear, it shall be competent to the magistrate to declare such deposit to be forfeited; and if it be money, it shall be forthwith ordered by the magistrate to be paid to the clerk; and if it be not money; such article so deposited shall be ordered by the magistrate to be sold by public auction then or at some periodical sale, and the free proceeds shall be paid to the clerk, and in both cases accounted for by him, along with the forfeitures, penalties, and fines, to the collector, and applied in the same manner as forfeitures, penalties, and fines are by the provisions of this Act directed to be applied.

492. Any bail bond or bond of caution, the cautioner in which is unable, or shall declare he is unable, to subscribe his name, shall be valid and effectual if such cautioner shall adhibit to such bond his mark, in presence of two witnesses, who shall subscribe the said bond in testimony thereof.

493. In all cases where imprisonment takes place a short extract of the charge and sentence, signed by the clerk of the police court or his depute, shall be sufficient warrant of commitment: Provided always, that any person sentenced to imprisonment or to imprisonment in consequence of non-payment of any pecuniary fine, penalty, forfeiture, or expenses, or for want of caution being found, or otherwise, may be detained in the police office or police cells for a reasonable time, to allow of such extract being made, such time not exceeding in any case twelve hours.

494. It shall be lawful for the magistrates, on the report of any one magistrate, without the necessity of any complaint, to direct the chief constable to dismiss any constable under him whose conduct in any proceedings that shall form the subject of investigation before the magistrate shall, in the opinion of the magistrate, render such constable unfit to be any longer retained in the police establishment, and such constable shall be dismissed accordingly; but the magistrates may make further inquiry and may decline to give effect to the report.

495. No order, judgment, record of conviction, or other proceeding whatsoever, concerning any prosecution instituted before the magistrates, shall be quashed for want of form, and no warrant of imprisonment, and no extract of judgment shall be held void by reason of any defect of form therein, provided it be inferred therefrom that it is founded or has proceeded on a conviction or judgment, and there be a valid conviction or judgment to sustain the same; and all judgments and sentences pronounced by the magistrate shall be final and conclusive, and not subject to suspension, or appeal, or any other form of review or stay of execution, unless on the ground of corruption, malice, or oppression on the part of the magistrate, or of such deviations in point of form from the statutory enactments as the court of review shall think

Cautioners in bonds may subscribe by mark.

Warrant of commitment.

Police officers may be dismissed by magistrates.

Proceedings not to be void for want of form, and judgments to be final.

542

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 VICT.

took place wilfully, or of incompetency, including defect of jurisdiction of the magistrate; and such suspension, or appeal, or review, or stay of execution, must be presented before the next sitting of the High Court of Justiciary within the circuit, or where there is no circuit before the High Court of Justiciary at Edinburgh, in the manner, and by and under the rules, limitations, conditions, and restrictions which shall from time to time be prescribed by the said High Court of Justiciary: Provided that —

(1.) Prosecutions under this Act shall be subject to the provisions of the Summary Prosecutions Appeals (Scotland) Act, 1875, and any Act amending the same:

(2.) Where by this Act jurisdiction is given to the magistrates to try any offence created by a statute which expressly provides an appeal, such appeal shall still be competent.

No suspension 496. Such suspension or appeal, or review, or stay of execution or stay of shall not operate as a suspension or stay of execution of any order to prevent ° or sentence of the magistrate requiring the payment of any penalty, payment of unless on consignment thereof in the hands of the clerk of court, penalties. nor of any order or sentence of the magistrates awarding imprisonment, unless on sufficient caution to the satisfaction of the magistrate for the appearance of the person appealing at such time and place as he shall direct; and in all cases of prosecution before the magistrate it shall be lawful for the magistrate whose sentence shall be brought under review in another court to authorise the expenses incurred in the proceedings in such other court to be defrayed out of the burgh general assessment: Provided always, that at the first meeting of the Commissioners after any such sentence shall have been brought under review as aforesaid the burgh prosecutor shall make a report of the facts and circumstances of the prosecution on which any such sentence shall have been pronounced and brought under review, and the Commissioners shall thereupon direct such sentence so brought under review to be defended or not, as to them shall seem proper; and if they shall direct such sentence not to be defended, then no expenses incurred in defending such action subsequent to such meeting shall be defrayed out of the said assessment.

497. Except as herein-before provided, all forfeitures, penalties, fines, and expenses imposed by the magistrates and recovered shall be paid to the clerk or such other person as the magistrate may direct, and shall be accounted for by him once every month, or such other time or times as the Commissioners may direct, to the collector, to be disposed of as herein mentioned; and the burgh prosecutor is hereby directed on the first Monday of every month to intimate to the collector the amount of the forfeitures, penalties, and fines imposed in the previous month, stating the amount thereof recovered.

Fines to be paid to the clerk or other person.

Application of 498. The whole forfeitures, penalties, and fines imposed by the penalties. magistrate and paid to the clerk or other person as aforesaid shall be applied in payment of the expenses incurred in alimenting prisoners detained in custody in the police office or station houses:

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

543

Provided always, that if such forfeitures, penalties, and fines shall not be sufficient for these purposes, whatsoever further sum may be required shall be paid from the burgh general assessment; and if such forfeitures, penalties, and fines shall be more than sufficient for these purposes, the surplus shall be applied to the same purposes as the burgh general assessment.

499. Every provision of this Act, to the contravention of which Penalty where no penalty is attached, shall be read and construed as if it were otherwise 18 thereby provided that every person contravening the same shall, stated.

on conviction thereof, be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings.

500. Where by this Act any pecuniary penalty or other punish- Penalties on

ment is imposed in respect of any offence described in this Act, of

then and in every such case, if the nature of the case permits, and

if an intention to the contrary does not appear in this Act, such penalty or punishment may be inflicted for every repetition of such offence.

501. In all proceedings under the jurisdictions conferred by this

penalties.

(a.) Where the punishment of imprisonment is imposed by this or any other Act under which the magistrate has jurisdiction, the magistrate may, if he thinks the justice of the case demands it, substitute for imprisonment a fine not exceeding twenty-five pounds or reduce the period of imprisonment, and notwithstanding any enactment to the contrary, impose the same without hard labour, and when the punishment of a penalty or fine is imposed he may reduce the amount of such fine, and when in the case either of imprisonment or a fine . the accused is required to come under his own obligation or to find caution or security for keeping the peace and observing some other condition, or to do any of such things, he may dispense with any such requirement or any part thereof:

(6.) Where a warrant of imprisonment is granted, whether in Periods of default of payment of a penalty or sum specified in a for- imprisonment feited bond, or for failure to find caution or security, when the amount adjudged to be paid or for which security is to be found —

Does not exceed ten shillings - The period of impri-

sonment shall not exceed seven days.

Exceeds ten shillings but does not

exceed one pound - Fourteen days.

Exceeds one pound but does not

exceed five pounds - - One month.

Exceeds five pounds - - Two months.

Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained restricting the amounts of fines or periods of imprisonment shall apply to or affect the prosecutions authorised or the penalties enforceable under the Licensing (Scotland) Acts, 1828 to 1887, or to the

544

Ch.-55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) A, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Chief constable to keep register of persons convicted.

Proceedings subsequent to conviction.

Signature of one magistrate sufficient in certain proceedings.

Limitation of police prosecutions.

As to actions of damages against public prosecutors.

Prevention of Crimes Act, 1871, or to any Act other than this Act, under which the magistrate has jurisdiction to impose fines for greater amounts, or imprisonment for longer periods, than those of this Act.

502. The chief constable shall cause to be kept a register of the name, description, crime, and sentence of persons charged with and convicted before the magistrates of crimes aod offences, and shall cause to be entered therein such particulars as he may from time to time be directed to enter by the magistrates, or as may be necessary for supplying judicial statistics; and the entries in such register, or any extracts therefrom, certified by the chief constable, shall be taken and received as evidence of every sentence and conviction and of any previous conviction and the particulars thereof.

503. Where, in consequence of the requirements of this Act, it is necessary that any warrant of imprisonment or other warrant should be granted subsequent to the conviction or judgment, or where any other ulterior proceeding is enjoined, all such warrants or ulterior proceedings may be taken without the presence of the respondent.

504. In cases in which any matter or proceeding shall be cognisable by two or more magistrates, it shall be sufficient that any warrant of imprisonment or other warrant or proceeding prior or subsequent to the conviction or judgment shall be subscribed by one magistrate, and it shall not be necessary that such magistrate shall be or shall have been present at the hearing of the complaint, but the conviction or judgment shall in all cases be signed by such number of magistrates present at the hearing, and concurring in the result thereof, as may be required by this Act; and in case of an equal division of opinion among the magistrates present, the complaint shall be held to be not proved, and judgment shall be given for the accused.

505. All prosecutions, actions, or proceedings for recovery of fines, penalties, or forfeitures, by virtue of the provisions of this Act, shall be commenced within three months from the time the facts on which such prosecutions, actions, or proceedings were brought shall have been discovered and known to the chief constable or burgh prosecutor, and not thereafter.

506. No burgh prosecutor, or other party prosecuting for the public interest, by complaint under the provisions of this Act, shall be liable to pay or be found liable by any court in a greater sum than five pounds as damages for or in respect of any proceedings taken or anything done on such complaint, or on any judgment following on such complaint, unless the person prosecuting for damages shall aver and prove that such proceeding was taken or done maliciously, and without probable cause; but the party suing such damages shall not be entitled to have any decree or verdict pronounced against such burgh prosecutor or other party prosecuting for any damages, or return or repetition of penalty or costs, in case such prosecutor shall prove at the trial that the party suing

1892.

Burgh Police (Scot Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

545

was guilty of the offence in respect whereof he had been convicted, or on account of which he had been apprehended, or had otherwise suffered, and that he had undergone no greater or other punishment than was assigned by law to such offence; and any such prosecutor sued as aforesaid may at any time put an end to the action, in so far as not founded on acts done maliciously and without probable cause, by tendering payment of the sum of five pounds as damages, with the amount of the penalty, if recovered, and the expenses of such action to the date of the tender.

507. Where any order or sentence following on an application Provisions as by the burgh prosecutor is brought under review, or where any j pr°ht^Si action is brought against the burgh prosecutor, or against any officer prSe? or constable, in consequence of anything done in pursuance of cutor.

this Act, or of such order or sentence, the burgh prosecutor shall immediately make a report of the facts and circumstances to the Commissioners, who shall thereupon resolve either that such order or sentence so brought under review, or such action shall be defended at the expense of the Commissioners, or that it shall not be so defended, and if they resolve that it shall be so defended, the Commissioners shall thenceforth take the superintendence and control of the case, and the Commissioners shall relieve the burgh prosecutor or other defender from liability for all or any of the conclusions thereof; and if the Commissioners resolve that it shall not be so defended, they may, if they see cause, agree that they shall relieve the burgh prosecutor or other defender from the consequence of not defending the same, and the Commissioners shall in such case relieve them accordingly.

508. The prosecutions authorised by this Act, under complaint Parties

by the burgh prosecutor, shall be without prejudice to complaints at pre?^°ily the instance of any party or parties who are at present entitled to p^cUi° make the same. may do so.

509. No jurisdiction conferred by this Act shall be held to Jurisdiction of exclude the jurisdiction of the sheriff, justices of the peace, burgh sheriffs and or dean of guild court, where the case shall in the first instance tobepreserved. have been brought before or taken up by such sheriff, justices of the peace, burgh or dean of guild court.

510. The forms in Schedule VII. to this Act, where they are Forms of applicable, or forms as near to them as are found convenient, shall procedure, be the forms of procedure under this Act until the same be altered or amended by the High Court of Justiciary in terms of this Act: Provided that the magistrate may add to any of the forms of conviction or judgment a direction that the accused shall be kept to hard labour during the whole or part of the term of his imprisonment, and execution upon any judgment or warrant may proceed either upon such judgment or warrant itself or upon an extract issued and signed by the clerk of court.

511. Where under this Act a sum is awarded which is declared Form when by the Act to be recoverable as a civil debt, the forms to be fol- sum recover-lowed in the recovery thereof shall be these provided for enforcing "clvl1 decrees pronounced in the small debt courts of the sheriff, and

546

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Ac, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

there shall be added to the finding of the magistrate in such case a warrant for execution in the following form: — " and the magistrate " decerns and ordains instant execution by arrestment, and also " execution to pass hereon by poinding and sale after a charge of " ten free days." Any officer by this Act authorised to execute the warrant of a magistrate may carry out the procedure authorised by this section.

512. The several forms of proceedings prescribed by this Act may be either in writing or printed, or may be partly written and partly printed, and all such forms as bear reference to any antecedent form may be either on the same sheet of paper therewith or on a separate sheet attached to it.

513. It shall be lawful for the High Court of Justiciary, on the application of the Lord Advocate, from time to time to pass such acts of adjournal as may be necessary or proper for altering or amending the forms of proceedings in the police courts of burghs under this Act or under this part of this Act, or providing forms for proceedings in said courts not supplied by this Act.

Juvenile 514. In any case where the magistrate may award sentence of

offender may imprisonment, or of fine with the alternative of imprisonment, it to whipping, shall be lawful for the magistrate in the case of any juvenile offender being a male whose age in the opinion of the magistrate shall not exceed fourteen years to adjudge such offender, instead of imprisonment, or in addition to imprisonment, to be punished by private whipping in such manner and according to such regulations as have been or shall be made by the Lord Advocate of Scotland in that behalf, and approved by the Secretary for Scotland.

Proceedings may be either in writing or printed.

High Court of Justiciary may make or amend forms.

Offences for breaches of certificates under Public Houses Acts to be tried in police court.

515. All offences under or against the Public Houses Acts Amendment (Scotland) Act, 1862, and the Acts therein recited, or any of them, or of any Act or Acts amending or superseding the same for any breach of or offence against the terms, provisions, or conditions of any certificate granted under the said Acts, or any of them, may be prosecuted and tried before and by any magistrate or magistrates of police of any burgh officiating in any court for the trial of police offences under the provisions of any local or general Police Act, in the same way and manner in all respects as may be provided for the trial of police offences by any such local or general Police Act in force in the county, district, burgh, or place where the offender shall reside, or the offence shall have been committed, and such magistrate or magistrates shall have power to impose the penalties and punishments, and declare the forfeitures provided in that behalf by the said Public House Acts, or any of them.

Summary

jurisdiction forms may be used in certain

cases.

516. If it should be found convenient in any prosecution under this Act or any special statute, any of the provisions or forms of the Summary Jurisdiction Acts, or of the provisions or forms of the Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1887, may be used.

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotla, 1892. Ch. 55.

547

517. The provisions of sections one hundred and sixty-six to Exemption of two hundred and nine, both inclusive, of this Act, shall not apply conJSLes' to the railways or stations of any railway company or buildings buildings, connected therewith other than dwelling-houses.

518. Nothing in this Act shall prejudice or affect the provisions 8a*mg of

of the Local Authorities Loans (Scotland) Act, 1891. ^o1

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE I.

General Police Acts.

UUCJU AUUIO-

rities Loans Act

Section 1.

Session and Chapter. | Title of Act

3 A 4 Will. 4. c. 46. - An Act to enable burghs in Scotland to establish a general system of police.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 39. - An Act to amend an Act to enable burghs in Scotland to establish a general system of police, and another Act for providing for the appointment and election of magistrates and councillors for certain burghs and towns of Scotland.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 33. - An Act to make more effectual provision for regulating the police of towns and populous places in Scotland, and for paving, draining, cleansing, lighting, and improving the same.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 101. An Act to make more effectual provision for regulating the police of towns and populous places in Scotland, and for lighting, cleansing, paving, draining, supplying water to and improving the same, and also for promoting the publio health thereof.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 102. The General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862, Amendment Act.

40 A41 Vict. c. 22. - The General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862, Amendment Act, 1877.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 30. - The General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1878.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 6. The General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1882.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 51. - The General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862, Amendment Act, 1889.

SCHEDULE II.

Edinburgh.

Glasgow.

Aberdeen.

Dundee.

Greenock.

Sections 5, 15, 378.

548

Section 5.

Ch. 55. Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

SCHEDULE III.

Portions of Local Acts saved.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title or Portions of Acts saved, Sections numbered inclusively.

I. — Airdrie.

1 & 2 Geo. 4. o. lx. An Act for erecting the Town of Airdrie, in the County of Lanark, into a Burgh of Barony; paving, lighting, and improving the same, and establishing a Police therein. Section 13.

12 & 13 Vict. c. lxxxix. The Airdrie Police and Municipal Act, 1849. Sections 7, 10, 59, 76.

48 & 49 Vict. o. xl. The Airdrie Burgh Extension Act, 1885. The whole Act, except sections 3, 50, and 51, and the First Schedule.

II. — Ayr.

-36 & 37 Vict. c. co. The Ayr Burgh Act, 1873. The whole Act, except sections 132 to 137.

48 & 49 Vict 49 Vict. c. lxxiii. The Ayr Burgh Act, 1885. The whole Act, except sections 13 and 14.

LEI. — Broughty Ferry.

43 &44- Vict. c. xxxix. 1 The General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862, Order Confirmation (Broughty Perry) Act, 1880. The whole Act.

46 Vict. c. xix. The Broughty Perry | Paving Act, 1883. j The wholo Act.

IV. — Burntisland.

39 & 40 Vict. o. cxxxix. | The Burntisland Burgh Act, 1876. The whole Act, except sections 101 to 106.

1892,

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

549

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title or Portions of Acts saved, Sections numbered inclusively.

V. — Campbelto.

39 & 40 Vict 40 Vict. c. clxvii. The Campbeltown Burgh and Harbour Act, 1876. The whole Act and schedules, except sections 12, 133, 134, and 136.

VI. — Coatbridge.

48 & 49 Vict 49 Vict. o. xli. - The Coatbridge Burgh Act, 1885. Sections 1 to 32 inclusive; sections 37, 88, and 88 to 97 inclusive, and 103.

VII. — Dumbarton.

46 & 47 Vict. c. cxlviii. The Dambarton Waterworks Streets and Buildings Act, 1883. The whole Act.

VIII. — Dunfermline.

33 & 34 Vict 34 Vict. c. cxv. - The General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Supplemental Act, 1870. The whole Act and the | Schedule, so far as they relate to the Burgh of Dunfermline.

IX. — Falkirk.

22 & 23 Vict. c. cxxiii. The Falkirk Police and Improvement Act, 1859. The 7th and 8th clauses of tho Preamble, and sections 2 (so far as regards tho definition of "The Stintmasters of Falkirk; " "The Feuars of Falkirk; " " The District of Gra-bamston; " and " The District of Bainsford "), 7, and from 11 to 18, both inclusive, and 20 and 21.

X. — Galashiels.

39 & 40 Vict. c. lx. - The Galashiels Municipal Extension Gas and Water Act, 1876. The whole Act, except sections 3, 4, 7, 13, 17, 18, 21, 22, 24, 26, 27, 34, 37-39, 52, 56, 57, 66, 85-87, 90-93, and Schedules III. and IV.

550

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) A, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title or Portions of Acts saved. Sections numbered inclusively.

XI. — Hamil.

41 & 42 Vict. o. cxxxvii. The Hamilton Burgh Act, 1878. The whole Act, except sections 141, 142, 143, and 148 to 165.

XII. — Inve

10 & 11 Vict. o. ccviii. The Inverness Burgh Act, 1847. Sections 1, 39, 133, 134, 142, 143, 149, 150, and Schedule A.

XIII. —

44 & 45 Vict 45 Vict. c. lxxi. - The Irvine Burgh Act, 1881. The whole Act.

XIV. — Kilmarnock.

10 & 11 Vict. c. ccvii. - An Act for amending the Acts relating to the Police and Improvement of the Burgh of Kilmarnock, and for other purposes in relation thereto. Section 131, in so far as it relates to the application of the fines, penalties, and forfeitures.

34 & 35 Vict 35 Vict. c. lxxi. - The Kilmarnock Municipal Extension and Improvement Act, 1871. The whole Act, except sections 4, 28, 40, 42, 43, 48 to 84, 152, 158, 180, 188, 222, 223, 225 to 227, the Second Schedule, the Fifth Schedule.

XV. — Kirkcaldy.

39 A40 Vict. c. clxxix. The Kirkcaldy Burgh and Harbour Act, 1876. The whole Act, except sections 134 to 137.

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

551

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title or Portions of Acta saved. Sections numbered inclusively.

XVI. — Leith.

11 St 12 Vict. c. cxxiii. The Leith Municipal and Police Act, 1848. Sections 1, 3, 4, and 5, 16, 17; 70 (as regards Lochend Loch), 262, 271.

40 St41 Vict. c. co. The General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862, Order Confirmation (Leith) Act, 1877. Section 1, and sections 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, and 21 of the Order thereby confirmed, and the Schedule to the Order.

XVII. — Lerwick.

39 St 40 Vict. o. clxiii.- The General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862, Order Confirmation (Ler-i wick) Act, 1876. Section 1, and sections 7, 8, and 9 of the Order thereby confirmed.

XVIII — Oban.

44 St45 Vict. o. clxxviii. The Oban Burgh Act, 1881. The whole Act.

XIX. — Paisley. a

40 St 41 Vict. o. oxlix. - ' The Paisley Improvement Act, 1877. The whole Act.

38 St 39 Vict. o. clxxi. - The General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862, Orders Confirmation Act, 1875. The whole Act.

39 & 40 Vict. c. clvii. - The General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862, Order Confirmation (Paisley) Act, 1876. The whole Act.

41 St 42 Vict. o. ciii. - The General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862, Order Confirmation (Paisley) Act, 1878. The whole Act-

42 Vict. c. iii. The General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862, Order Confirmation (Paisley) Act, 1879. The whole Act.

552

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Title or

Portions of Acts saved. Sections numbered inclusively.

XX. — Perth.

19 & 20 Vict. o. cxxxviii. 28 Vict. c. vii. -81 Vict. c. xi. - 88 & 34 Vict. c. cxv. -39 & 40 Vict. c. clviii. - An Act to provide for the arrangement of the financial affairs, of the City of Perth, j for the maintenance of the Port and Har- 1 boor, and for other ! purposes therewith connected. The General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Supplemental Act, 1805. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under the General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862, relating to the Burghs of Perth and Brechin. The General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Supplemental Act, 1870. The General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862, Order Confirmation (Perth) Act, 1876. i ! The whole Act and the Schedules. :; The whole Act, and also the Provisional Order contained in the Schedule, excepting sections 2 to 7 of the Provisional Order. The whole Act and the Schedule, so far as they relate to the Burgh of Perth. The whole Act and the Schedule, so far as they relate to the Burgh of Perth. The whole Act and the Schedule. i

XXI. — Port Glasgow.

28 A29 Vict. c. ccliv. - The Port Glasgow Police Act, 1865. The whole Act and.Schedule, except sections 7 and 48 of the Act.

XXII. — Renfrew.

18 Vict. o. lrxii. The Renfrew Police and Improvement Act, 1855. Sections 1 to 5. Interpretation clause of section 6, sections 7, 8, 11, 12, 16, 17, 18, 22, 23, 28 to 42.

XXIII. — Rothesay.

9 & 10 Vict. o. ccxcix. - Rothesay Police Act Section 12.

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

553

SCHEDULE

Rules for New Buildings.

(1.) The site of the intended building shall be dug out to such depth as shall be necessary, in the opinion of the Commissioners, for the removal therefrom of soil or refuse; and it shall not be lawful for any person to build upon any site until such soil or refuse is so removed.

(2.) The walls of every new building to be used as a dwelling-house shall have a damp course of durable material, impervious to moisture; the damp course for external walls to be at the level of the ground directly abutting upon the external wall, or at such other level as the Commissioners shall order. Party walls to have the damp course at a level of not less than the under side of the joisting of the lowest floor; and where in the judgment of the Commissioners the nature of the soil or subsoil requires it, the whole internal area of the site shall be covered with a layer of asphalte, cement, concrete, or suitable material to their satisfaction.

(3.) The outer walls and the party walls or separate side or end walls, and the joisting and principal timber and ironwork, shall be of sufficient strength and stability.

(4.) There shall be to the satisfaction of the Commissioners sufficient ashpit and watercloset or privy accommodation in connexion with the building.

(5.) The plan of the building shall not contemplate the raising or lowering of any article from windows or openings towards any public streets by hoists or other appliances outside the building line.

(6.) All party walls and gables shall be built solid, except at vents, fireplaces, presses, and where the Commissioners may allow them to be built otherwise.

(7.) All external walls, party walls, passage walls, partition walls dividing separate houses, staircases, stairs, and landings shall be constructed with incombustible materials, and all party walls shall be carried through and above the roof to form a parapet. The parapet to be finished on top with a cope, and the height of parapet to be not less than twelve inches, measured at right angles with the slope of the roof, above the covering of the roof of the highest building to which such party wall belongs.

(8.) All walls of dwelling-houses shall be so constructed as to prevent damp.

(9.) The mortar to be used in the construction of new or altered buildings shall be composed of fresh burnt lime and clean sharp pit sand, grit or ground bricks, or freestone shivers, without earthy matter, and no sea or ballast sand shall be used.

(10.) The joists under every hearth shall be bridled, and, where practicable, the hearth shall be supported by a brick arch or concrete under its whole area, or to be otherwise constructed or supported as the Commissioners may direct. Every fireplace shall have jambs and lintels or arches of incombustible material projecting at least to the flush of the plaster work. No timber, joist, beam, or safety lintel shall be inserted into a wall nearer to the fireplace or vents, where practicable, than twelve inches.

(11.) Every building shall have rhones, gutters, or spouts along the eaves thereof, with down spouts and perforated gratings, to carry all water falling on the roof thereon to the drains.

(12.) No part of a built chimney or flue must be less than 9" x 9", and no part of a wall on the outside or house side of the chimney to be of less thickness than nine inches. Every chimney head shall have a stone cope,

Section 177.

Excavations.

Walls and gables to be built solid.

Party walls to be carried through roof, &c.

Wall

strapping.

Lime n ortar.

Joists to be bridled.

Buildings to have gutters and spouts.

Chimney heads to be stayed.

554

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Floors to be deafened.

Plaster work. Plumber work.

Filling up at ground floors.

Passages and courts, &o. to be pared.

Roofs not to be covered with combustible materials.

Section S71.

What to be hackney ear* nages.

Provisions applicable to licences for hackney carriages.

into which chimney cans can with safety be inserted, and such chimney cans shall be sufficiently guarded.

(13.) The floors between each flat of a tenement shall be deafened.

(14.) All apartments in every dwelling-house shall be plastered with three coats plaster.

(15.) All plumber work connected with sanitary arrangements and house drains shall be ventilated, trapped, and otherwise constructed and tested to the satisfaction of the Commissioners.

(16.) In ground floors where the space from surface has to be filled np to level of floors, the same shall be filled up, subject always to sufficient space being left for ventilation, with dry stone shivers or such other materials as the Commissioners may appoint.

(17.) All private courts, common passages, and common areas (other than bleaching greens) shall be paved with natural or artificial stone, or such other material as the Commissioners shall approve, and be provided with proper and sufficient means for taking off the surface water.

(18.) No external covering of any roof shall be constructed of combustible materials; and it shall not be lawful for the owner of any building having, at the date when this Act comes into operation, a roof covered with thatch, or other combustible material, and contiguous to or adjoining to any other building, to suffer such covering to such roof to remain for a longer period than seven years thereafter, unless with the consent in writing of the Commissioners. And every person who shall suffer the covering of any roof to continue, contrary to the provisions herein contained, and who shall not remove or alter the same within one month after notice given to him for that purpose by the Commissioners, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding one pound for every day that such building or covering to such roof shall so continue.

Any person failing to comply with any of these conditions in a good and sufficient manner shall be guilty of an offence, and be liable for each offence to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

SCHEDULE V.

Regulations fob Hackney Cabbiages.

(1.) Every wheeled carriage, whatever may be its form or construction, used in standing or plying for hire in any street, within the prescribed distance, and every carriage standing upon such street within such prescribed distance, having thereon any numbered plate required by this Act to be fixed upon a hackney carriage, or any plate resembling or intended to resemble any such plate as aforesaid, shall be deemed to be a hackney carriage within the meaning of the Act; and in all proceedings at law or otherwise the term " hackney carriage " shall be sufficient to describe any such carriage; but no stage coach used for the purpose of standing or plying for passengers to be carried for hire at separate fares, and duly licensed, shall be deemed to be a hackney carnage.

(2.) The following provisions shall apply to a licence for hackney carriages; —

(a.) A requisition for the licence shall be made to the magistrates in such form and containing such particulars as they may prescribe, and shall be signed by the proprietor or one of the proprietors of the carriage for which the licence is sought.

(6.) Any person who makes a false statement in such requisition shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding ton pounds.

(c.) The licence shall specify the name and place of abode of every person who is proprietor or part proprietor, or who is concerned in letting the

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

555

hackney carriage (and such persons are herein-after referred to as the licensee), and shall specify the number to be marked on the plates of the carriage, and any other particulars which the magistrates may think fit.

(d.) The licence shall be confined to one carriage, shall be made out by the clerk, signed by one of* the magistrates, and a fee not exceeding five shillings shall be paid therefor.

(e.) The licence shall be entered in a book kept by the clerk and open to public inspection without fee, and in such book shall be made entries of any offence committed by the licensee, or the driver, or person attending the carriage.

The licence shall be in force for one year or until the next licensing ay (if any).

(g.) Any licensee who changes his place of abode shall within seven days thereafter give notice thereof to the magistrates, and shall produce his licence to the clerk, who shall endorse thereon the particulars of the change. For any failure to comply with this enactment the licensee shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings.

(A.) Any person plying within the prescribed distance any hackney carriage for hire without a licence or without having the number of the carriage corresponding with the number of the licence therefor displayed on the carriage, or the owner of the carriage employing such person, shall for every such offence be liable in a penalty not exceeding forty shillings.

</) day

(3.) The following provisions shall apply to any driver of a hackney provisions as carriage within the prescribed distance:to drivers '

(a.) He shall not act as driver without first obtaining a licence from the licences, magistrates, and which shall remain in force till revoked, except during the time it may be suspended.

(6.) The licence shall be registered by the clerk and a fee of one shilling paid for the same.

(c.) If any person shall act as such driver without a licence or during the time his licence is suspended, or shall lend or part with his licence except to the licensee of the hackney carriage, or if the licensee of a hackney carriage employ any person as the driver thereof who has not obtained such licence, or during the time that his licence is suspended, as herein-after provided, every such driver and every such licensee shall for every such offence respectively be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings.

(4.) In every case in which the licensee of any hackney carriage permits Licensee to or employs any licensed person to act as the driver thereof, such licensee Mcence shall cause to be delivered to him, and shall retain in his possession, the ^henlnhia licence of such driver while such driver remains in his employ; and in all empi0y| cases of complaint, where the licensee of a hackney carriage is summoned to produce the to attend before a magistrate, or to produce the driver, the licensee so same when summoned shall also produce the licence of such driver, if he be then in summoned, his employ; and if any driver complained of be judged guilty of the offence alleged against him, such magistrate shall make an endorsement upon the Magistrates licence of such driver, stating the nature of the offence and the amount of may endorse the penalty inflicted; and if any such licensee neglect to have delivered to jj, on^e him and to retain in his possession the licence of any driver while such upon icence‘ driver remains in his employ, or if he refuse or neglect to produce such licence as aforesaid, such licensee shall for every such offence be liable to a Penalty on penalty not exceeding forty shillings. licensee for

neglect.

(5.) When any driver leaves the service of the licensee by whom he is LjcengCe to employed without having been guilty of any misconduct, such licensee shall return licence forthwith return to such driver the licence belonging to him; but if such to driven

556

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

when quitting

his service if they behave well, if otherwise licensee to summon them.

Compensation in case of licence being improperly withheld.

Licences to be suspended or revoked for misconduct.

Number of persons to be carried in a hackney carriage to be painted thereon.

Penalty for neglect or for refusal to carry the prescribed number.

Penalty on driver for refusing to drive.

Penalty for demanding more than the smn agreed for, though less than the legal fare.

Agreement to pay more than the legal fare not to be binding, and sum paid beyond the proper fare may he recovered back.

driver have been guilty of any misconduct, the licensee shall not return his licence, but shall give him notice of the complaint which he intends to prefer against him, and shall forthwith cause such driver to be summoned to appear before a magistrate to answer the said complaint; and such magistrate, having the necessary parties before him, shall inquire into and determine the matter of complaint; and ' if upon inquiry it appear that the licence of such driver has been improperly withheld, such magistrate shall direct the immediate re-delivery of such licence and award such sum of money as he thinks proper to be paid by such licensee to such driver by way of compensation, and the payment of which may be enforced as a penalty.

(6.) The magistrates may upon the conviction for the second time of the licensee or driver of any hackney carriage for any offence under the provisions of this Act with respect to hackney carriages, or of any byelaw made in pursuance thereof, suspend or revoke, as they deem right, the licence of any such licensee or driver.

(7.) No hackney carriage shall be used or employed, or let for hire, or shall stand or ply for hire, within such prescribed distance, unless the number of persons to be carried by such hackney carriage, in words at length, and in form following (that is to say) — " To carry persons, "

be painted on a plate placed on some conspicuous place on the outside of such carriage, and in legible letters, so as to be clearly distinguishable from the colour of the ground whereon the same are painted, one inch in length, and of a proportionate breadth; and the driver of any hackney carriage shall not be entitled to carry in or by such hackney carriage a greater number of persons than the number painted thereon.

(8.) If the licensee of any hackney carriage permit the same to be used, employed, or let to hire, or if any person stand or ply for hire with such carriage, without having the number of persons to be carried thereby painted and exhibited in manner aforesaid, or if the driver of any hackney carriage or omnibus shall carry a greater number of persons in or by such hackney carriage or omnibus than the number of persons painted thereon, or shall refuse, when required by the hirer thereof, to carry in or by such hackney carriage the number of persons painted thereon, or any less number, every licensee or driver so offending shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings.

(9.) Any driver of a hackney carriage standing on any of the stands for hackney carriages appointed by the magistrates, or in any street, public or private, who refuses or neglects, without reasonable excuse, to drive such carriage to any place within such prescribed distance, or any distance to be appointed by any byelaw of the magistrates, not exceeding such prescribed distance, to which he is directed to drive by the person hiring or wishing to hire such carriage, shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings.

(10.) If the licensee or driver of any hackney carriage, or any other person on his behalf, agree beforehand with any person hiring such hackney carriage to take for any job a sum less than the fare allowed by this Act or by any byelaw made thereunder, such licensee or driver shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings if he exact or demand for such job more than the fare so agreed upon.

(11.) No agreement whatever made with the driver, or with any person having or pretending to have the care of any hackney carriage, for the payment of more than the fare allowed by any byelaw made under this Act, shall be binding on the person making the same, and any person may notwithstanding such agreement refuse, on discharging such hackney carriage, to pay any sum beyond the fare allowed as aforesaid; and if any person actually pay to the driver of any hackney carriage, whether in pursuance

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland), 1892. Ch. 55.

557

of any such agreement or otherwise, any sum exceeding the fare to which such driver was entitled, the person paying the same shall be entitled, on complaint made against such driver before a magistrate, to recover the sum paid beyond the proper fare, and, moreover, such driver shall be liable to a penalty for such exaction not exceeding the sum of forty shillings; and in default of the repayment by such driver of such excess of fare, or of payment of the said penalty, the magistrate shall forthwith commit such driver to prison, there to remain for any time not exceeding one month, unless the said excess of fare and the said penalty be sooner paid.

(12.) If the licensee or driver of any hackney carriage, or any other person on his behalf, agree with any person to carry in or by such hackney carriage persons not exceeding in number the number so painted on such carriages as aforesaid for a distance to be at the discretion of such licensee or driver, and for a sum agreed upon, such licensee or driver shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings if the distance which he carries such persons be under that to which they were entitled to be carried for the sum so agreed upon, according to the fare allowed by any byelaw made under this Act.

(13.) Every licensee or driver of any hackney carriage who is convicted of demanding or taking as a fare a greater sum than is authorised by any byelaw made under this Act shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings; and on the conviction of such licensee or driver an order may be included for payment of the sum so overcharged, if paid, over and above the penalty of costs, and such overcharge shall be returned to the party aggrieved, whose evidence shall be admissible in proof of such offence.

(14.) Any licensee or driver of any hackney carriage which is hired who permits or suffers any person to be carried in or upon or about such hackney carriage during such hire, without the express consent of the person hiring the same, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings.

(15.) No person authorised by the licensee of any hackney carriage to act as driver of such carriage shall suffer any other person to act as driver of such carriage without the consent of the licensee thereof, and no person, whether licensed or not, shall net. as driver of any such carriage without the consent of the licensee; and any person ?o suffering another person to act as driver, and any person so acting as driver, without such consent as aforesaid, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings for every such offence.

(16.) If the driver or any other person having or pretending to have the care of any hackney carriage be intoxicated while driving, or if any such driver, or other person, by wanton and furious driving, or by any other wilful misconduct, injure or endanger any person in his life, limbs, or property, he shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

(17.) If the driver of any hackney carriage leave it in any street or at any place of public resort or entertainment, whether it be lured or not, without some one proper to take care of it, any constable may drive away such hackney carriage, and deposit it, and the horse or horses harnessed thereto, at some neighbouring livery stable or some other place of safe custody; and such driver shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings for such offence; and in default of payment of the said penalty upon conviction, and of the expenses of taking and keeping the said hackney carriage and horse or horses, the same together with the harness belonging thereto, or any of them, shall be sold by order of the magistrates before whom such conviction is made; and after deducting from the produce of such sale the amount of the said penalty, and of all costs and expenses, as well of the proceedings before such magistrate as of the taking, keeping, and sale of such hackney carriage, and of such horse or horses

Driver to carry, under an agreement for a discretionary distance, the distance to which hirer is entitled for the fare.

Overcharge by hackney coachman, &c., to be included in conviction, and returned to aggrieved party.

Penalty for permitting persons to ride without consent of the hirer.

No person to act as driver of any carriage without the consent of the licensee.

Penalty on drivers misbehaving.

Penalty for leaving carriages unattended at places of public resort

558

Ch. 55.

Damage done by drivers may be recovered from the licensee.

Improperly standing with carriage, refusing to give way to or obstructing any other dnver, or depriving him of his fare.

Compensation maybe awarded to drivers for loss of time in attending to answer complaints not substantiated.

Penalty for refusing to pay the fare.

Penalty for

damaging

carriage.

Magistrates may make byelaws for regulating hackney carriages.

Burgh Police (Scotla Act, 1892.

55 & 56 Vict.

and harness, the surplus (if any) ‘of the said produce shall be paid to the proprietor of such hackney carriage.

(18.) In every case in which any hurt or damage has been caused to any person or property as aforesaid by the driver of any carriage let for hire, the magistrate before whom such driver has been convicted may direct that the licensee of such carriage shall pay such sum, not exceeding five pounds, as appears to such magistrate a reasonable compensation for such hurt or damage; and every licensee who pays any such compensation as aforesaid may recover the same from the driver; and such compensation shall be recoverable from 6uch licensee, and by him from such driver, as damages; but this provision shall not prevent the injured party suing for damages without restriction as to amount before any competent court.

(19.) Any driver of any hackney carriage who suffers the same to stand for hire across any street or alongside of any other hackney carriage, or who refuses to give way, if he conveniently can, to any other carriage, or who obstructs or hinders the driver of any other carriage in taking up or setting down any person into or from such other carriage, or who wrongfully in a forcible manner prevents or endeavours to prevent the driver of any other hackney carriage from being hired, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings.

(20.) If the driver of any hackney carriage be summoned or brought before any magistrate to answer any complaint made on information given by any private person touching or concerning any offence alleged to have been committed by such driver against the provisions of this Act or of any byelaw made under this Act, and such complaint or information be afterwards dismissed, or if such driver be acquitted of the offence charged against him, such magistrate, if he think fit, may order the informer to pay to such driver such compensation for his loss of time in attending such magistrate touching or concerning such complaint or information as to such magistrate seems reasonable; and in default of payment of such compensation such magistrate may commit such informer to prison for any time not exceeding one month, unless the same shall be sooner paid.

(21.) If any person refuse to pay, on demand, to any licensee or driver of any hackney carriage the fare allowed by any byelaw made under this Act, such fare may, together with costs, be recovered before any magistrate as a penalty.

(22.) Any person using any hackney carriage plying under a licence granted by virtue of this Act, who wilfully injures the same, shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds, and shall also pay to the licensee of such hackney carriage reasonable satisfaction for the damage sustained by the same; and such satisfaction shall be ascertained by the magistrate before whom the conviction takes place, and shall be recovered by tho same means as the penalty.

(23.) The magistrates may from time to time (subject to the restrictions of this Act) make byelaws for all or any of the purposes following; that is to say,

For regulating the conduct of the licensees and drivers of hackney carriages plying within such prescribed distance in their several employments, and determining whether such drivers shall wear any and what badges, and for regulating the days and hours within which they may exercise their calling:

For regulating the manner in which the number of each carriage corresponding with the number of its licence shall be displayed:

For regulating the number of persons to be carried by hackney carriages, and in what manner such number is to be shown on such carriage, and what number of horses or other animals is to draw the same, and

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) 1892,

Ch. 55.

559

the placing of check strings to the carriages, and the holding of the same by the driver, and how hackney carriages are to be furnished or provided:

For fixing the stand of hackney carriages, and the distance to which they may be compelled to take passengers, not exceeding such prescribed distance:

For fixing the rates or fares, as well for time as distance, and for securing the due publication of such fares:

For securing the safe custody and re-delivery of any property accidentally left in hackney carriages, and fixing the charges to be made in respect thereof.

(24.) The magistrate may suspend or revoke any licence granted to the licensee or driver of a hackney carriage on such licensee or driver being convicted of any offence, in addition to or in lieu of the penalty applicable to such offence.

SCHEDULE VI.

Name of Burgh__________

General Sewer Rate [or Special Sewer Rate and Private Improvement Expense Assessment, as the case may be'].

Description of Subjects. Name of Owner. Name of Occu- pier. Rental. | Rate or Private Improvement Expense due and chargeable at

15 May 18 . o? S. 15 May 18 . 15 May 18 . 15 May 18 . 15 May 18 . 15 May 18 .

General Sewer Rate Special Sewer Rate Private Improvement -

Date__________A.B., Collector.

SCHEDULE VII.

Forms of Procedure.

I.

Form of Complaint fob Statutory Contraventions, Offences, &c.

Unto the magistrates of the burgh of [].

The complaint of [] burgh prosecutor [or other party entitled

to prosecute with or without his concurrence]

Humbly Sheweth,

That [name and designation of accused] did on [here give date] at (or in) [here name place and state act done] contrary to the Act section whereby the accused is liable [state shortly the nature of

the forfeiture or penalty).

May it therefore please your honours to grant warrant to officers of law to apprehend and bring the said accused [or to summon the said accused to appear personally] before the magistrate

Section 867.

Section 510.

560

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) A, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

officiating in the police court of the said burgh [in using this or any of the succeeding formly if there are more than one police court in the burgh state the particular ] to answer

to this complaint; to cite witnesses for both parties; to qpn-vict the accused of the aforesaid contravention [or offence]; and to adjudge said accused to suffer the penalties provided by the said Act.

Accotding to justice, Ac.,

__________B.P.

n.

Form op Complaint fob an Offence at Common Law.

Unto the magistrates of the burgh of [].

The complaint of [], burgh prosecutor [or other party

entitled to prosecute with his concurrence].

Humbly Sheweth,

That [name and designation of ] did on the [give date]

at (or in) [here state the act].

May it therefore please your honours to grant warrant to officers of law to apprehend and bring the said accused [or to summon the said accused to appear personally] before the magistrate officiating in the police court of the said burgh to answer to this complaint; to cite witnesses for both parties; to convict the said accused of the aforesaid crime; and to adjudge said accused to suffer the pains of law.

According to justice, Ac.,

__________ B.P.

Note. — If a search warrant be required the craving therefor may be included in the prayer of either of the preceding two forms and may be in the following tertns:—

Further, to grant warrant to search the person, dwelling-house, and repositories of the said accused, and place in which the accused may be found, and to take into custody the property mentioned or referred to in the complaint, and all documents, articles, or property of whatever kind likely to afford evidence of the accused's guilt in the premises; and if necessary for that purpose to open alL shut and lockfast places.

[And such warrant may also be subsequently applied for by writing on the original complaint " Warrant of search is /* which will be

sufficient for the magistrate to grant the warrant in the above terms.]

Warrant fob Apprehension of an Accused Party.

[Place and date.] Grants warrant to officers of law to search for and apprehend the said [name of accused] and if necessary for that purpose to open all shut or lockfast places, and to bring said accused before the magistrates officiating in the police court of the burgh of []

to answer to the foregoing complaint; and in the meantime, if necessary, to detain said accused in a police station-house or other convenient place; and also to cite witnesses and havers for both parties for all diets in the cause.

__________Magistrate.

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

5G1

Warrant to Summon an Accused Part* and Witnesses.

[Place and date.] Grants warrant to officers of law to summon the said [name of accused] to appear personally before the magistrate officiating in the police court of the burgh of [] upon the

day of at o'clock [] to answer to the fore-

going complaint, and to cite witnesses and havers for both parties for all diets in the cause.

__________Magist rate.

Warrant to Apprehend and Search.

[Place and date.] Grants warrant to officers of law to apprehend and bring the said [name of accusedJ before the magistrate officiating in the police court of the burgh of [] to answer to the foregoing

complaint; and if necessary in the meantime to detain the accused in a police station-house or other convenient place, also to cite witnesses and havers for both parties fo^ all diets in the cause: and to search and secure, and for that purpose to open all shut and lockfast places, all ns craved.

__________Magistrate.

Summons to an Accused Parts'.

To [name and designation of accused].

You are hereby summoned to appear personally before the magistrate officiating in the police court of the burgh of [] upon the

day of at o'clock to answer to

a complaint at the instance of the burgh prosecutor [or other party entitled to prosecute with or without his concurrence] charging you with [state the nature of the crime, contravention, or, as in principal complaint].

This summons served by me on the day of 18 .

__________Constable.

[A note in the following terms to be subjoined to all summonses.]

If the accused desires to have witnesses cited for the defence, every reasonable assistance for citing such witnesses will be given on application at the police office.

All accused persons failing to appear in answer to a summons without lawful excuse are liable to be apprehended.

Citation to a Witness or Haver.

To [name and designation].

You are hereby cited to appear before the magistrate officiating in the police court of the burgh of [] upon the day of

at o'clock, to give evidence for the prosecution [or defence] in the

complaint at the instance of the burgh prosecutor [or other party entitled to prosecute with or without his concurrence] against [name and designation of accused], and you are required to produce [state what the haver is

to produce].

This citation served by me on the day of

__________ Constable.

[iVofe to be subjoined to all citations.]

Witnesses or havers failing to attend the court, without lawful excuse, are liable to be apprehended.

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Constable's Execution of Summons of an Accused Person.

I, a constable or officer of police of the burgh of [], upon the

day of lawfully summoned [name and designation of

accused as in complaint] to appear before the magistrate officiating in the police court of the burgh of [] on the day of

at o'clock, to answer to a complaint at the instance of the burgh

prosecutor [or other party entitled to prosecute or without his currence], charging him with [state name by which offence, or

contravention known, such as " Theft" " Assault" " Breach of the public peace" 8?c.]

This I did by delivering a summons to that effect [how served upon accused, whether personally, or left at dwelling-house, or how].

__________ Constable.

Constable's Execution of Citation of a Witness or Haver.

I, a constable or officer of police of the burgh of [], upon the

day of lawfully cited [and designation of

witness or haver] to appear before the magistrate officiating in the police court of the burgh of [] on the day of at

o'clock to give evidence for the prosecution [or defence] in the complaint at the instance of the burgh prosecutor [or other party entitled to prosecute with or without his ] against [name and

designation of accused].

This I did by delivering a citation to that effect [state hoto served, whether personally, or left at dwelling-house, or how'].

__________Constable.

Warrant to Apprehend an Accused Party in respect of Failure

to obey Summons.

[Place and date.] The magistrate, in respect the said [name of accused] has failed to appear to answer to the foregoing complaint, after having been duly summoned to this diet, grants warrant to officers of law to search for and apprehend the said accused; and, if necessary for that purpose, to open all shut and lockfast places, and to bring said accused before the magistrate officiating in the police court of the burgh of [], to answer thereto; and to detain said accused in a

police station-house or other convenient place until brought before the said magistrate; and also, if necessary, to cite witnesses and havers of new.

__________Magistrate.

Warrant to Apprehend a Witness in respect of Failure to obey Citation; Adjournment of Diet; and Detention of Accused.

[Place and date.] The magistrate, in respect [name and designation], witness in the cause, has failed to appear after having been duly cited, adjourns the diet till the day of at

o'clock, and orders the accused to be detained

in the police cells or in the prison of [] till that time [or until

sufficient security to the amount or value of £ be found for his

appearance at all diets of court]; and grants warrant to officers of law to

1892.

Burgh, Police (Scotlan) 1892. Ch. 55.

563

search for and apprehend the said witness; and, if necessary for that purpose, to open all shut and lockfast places, and to detain said witness in the said cells [or in said prison] until the hearing of the cause, unless sufficient security be found for appearance at all diets of court, to the amount or value of [].

__________Magistrate.

Forfeiture of Pledge in respect of Failure to Appear.

[Place and date.] The magistrate, in respect of the failure of the accused to appear, declares a pledge of [amount or description of ] deposited

os security for appearance at this diet to be forfeited; and appoints the same to be applied in terms of the statute.

_____ __________^Magistrate.

Forfeiture of Pledge in respect of Failure to Appear; and Warrant to Apprehend.

[Place and date.] The magistrate in respect of the failure of the accused to appear, declares a pledge of [amount or description of ] to be

forfeited; appoints the same to be applied in terms of the statute; and, on the motion of the complainer, grants warrant to officers of law to search for and apprehend the said accused; and, if necessary for that purpose, to open all shut and lockfast places, and to bring said accused before the magistrate officiating in the police court of the burgh of [] to answer

to the foregoing complaint; and to detain the accused in the police cells [or in the prison of ] in the meantime.

__________Magistrate.

Adjournment of Diet.

[Place and date.] The magistrate adjourns the diet till at o'clock noon; and ordains the accused and

wi to esses to appear personally at that time.

__________Magistrate.

Adjournment of Diet and Warrant to detain Accused.

[Place and date.] The magistrate adjourns the diet till at

o'clock; and grants warrant to detain the accused in the

police cells [or in the prison of ] until that time; and also, if

necessary, to cite witnesses of new.

__________Magistrate.

Adjournment of Diet, and Warrant to detain Accused failing Security for Appearance being found.

[Place and date.] The magistrate adjourns the diet till at o'clock; and grants warrant to detain the accused in

the police cells [or in the prison of ] until that time, or

until sufficient security to the amount or value of sterling be found

for his appearance at all diets of court.

__________Magistrate.

564

Ch. 55.

Biiiyh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Form op Procedure at Hearing.

[Place and date.) In presence of, one of the magistrates of the

burgh of [], appeared the said [of ], and the

charge being read over he pleads [not] guilty [or appeared for the

accused and on his behalf pleads [not] guilty], or [and date. The

accused having failed to appear, although duly cited, the magistrate proceeded to try the case in his absence]. (Where witnesses are examined add) Whereupon the following witnesses were examined in support of the complaint, viz.: and the following witnesses were examined

in exculpation, viz.:

Form op Conyictiox, Fine, and failing Payment, Imprisonment.

[Place and date.) The magistrate, in respect of the judicial confession above recorded [or] evidence adduced, finds the accused guilty of the crime [contravention or offence] charged [or state to what extent accused found guilty], and therefore fines and amerciates said accused in the sum of [amount) payable to [], and in default of immediate

payment thereof, sentences and adjudges the said accused to be imprisoned for the space of [] from this date [with hard labour], unless

said fine be sooner paid, and thereafter to be set at liberty; and for that purpose grants warrant to officers of law to convey the said accused to the prison of [] thereafter to be dealt with in due course of law.

[] words deleted.

__________Magistrate.

Conviction.

Imprisonment.

[Place and date.) The magistrate, in respect of the judicial confession

above recorded [or] evidence adduced, finds the accused guilty of the crime [contravention or offence] charged [or state to what extent accused found guilty), and therefore sentences and adjudges said accused to be imprisoned for the space of [] from this date [with hard labour], and

thereafter to be set at liberty; and for that purpose grants warrant to officers of law to convey said accused to the prison of []r

thereafter to be dealt with in due course of law.

__________Magi>trate.

To find Caution for Good Behaviour.

[Place and date.) The magistrate, in respect of the judicial confession above recorded [or evidence adduced], finds the accused guilty of the crime [contravention or offence] charged [or state to what extent accused found guilty], and therefore ordains said accused to find sufficient caution acted in the books of court for good behaviour for the period of [J

months from this date, and in default of said caution being immediately found, sentences and adjudges said accused to he imprisoned for the space of from this date unless said caution shall be- sooner

found; and for that purpose grants warrant to officers of law to convey said accused to the prison of [1, thereafter to he dealt

with in due course of law.

__________ Magistrate.

Fine or Imprisonment and to find Caution fob Good Behaviour or further Imprisonment.

[Place and date.) The magistrate, in respect of the judicial confession above recorded [or evidence adduced], finds the said accused guilty of the crime [contravention or offence] charged [or state to whut extent accused

1692.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

565

Jound guilty], and therefore fines and amerciates the said accused in the sum of [] payable to [], and in default of immediate

payment thereof, sentences and adjudges said accused to be imprisoned for the space of [] from this date [with hard labour], unless

said fine shall be sooner paid. Further ordains the accused to find sufficient caution acted in the books of court for good behaviour for the period of months from and after the date of payment of said

fine or of the expiration of said period of imprisonment, under a penalty of []; and in default of said caution being found, sentences

and adjudges said accused to be imprisoned for the further space of [] from the date of the payment of said fine or the

expiration of the term of imprisonment for non-payment thereof; and for these purposes grants warrant to officers of law to convey the said accused to the prison of [], thereafter to be dealt with in due course of law.

__________Magistrate.

Imprisonment, and to find Caution for Good Behaviour.

[Place and date.] The magistrate, in respect of the judicial confession above recorded [or evidence adduced], finds the accused guilty of the crime (contravention or offence] charged [or state to what extent accused Jound guilty], and therefore sentences and adjudges the said accused to be imprisoned for the space of [] from this date [with hard

labour]. Further ordains the accused to find sufficient caution acted in the books of court for good behaviour for the period of []

months from and after the date of the expiration of said term of imprisonment, under penalty of []; and in default of said caution

being found sentences and adjudges said accused to be imprisoned for the further space of [], unless said caution shall be sooner found,

and for these purposes grants warrant to officers of law to convey said accused to the prison of [], thereafter to be dealt with in due course of law.

__________M agistrate.

Sentence of Whipping.

[Place and date.] The magistrate, in respect of the judicial confession above recorded [or evidence adduced], finds the accused guilty of the crime [contravention or offence] charged [or state to what extent accused found guilty); also that in his opinion the said accused does not exceed fourteen years of age, therefore sentences and adjudges said accused to suffer the punishment of private whipping according to the regulations applicable thereto, and that to the number of [] stripes, and ordains the

accused to be conveyed to the prison of [], there to undergo said

punishment; but if it shall be the opinion of the surgeon of said prison that the said accused is unfit to endure the punishment of whipping, then and in that event [state terms of alternative, whether imprisonment, or imprisonment with the option of a fine in the appropriate form].

__________Magistrate.

Form when Complaint found not Proved.

[Place and date.] The magistrate, having heard the cause, finds the complaint not proved, and discharges the accused accordingly.

__________Magistrate.

Desertion of Diet.

[Place and date.] The magistrate, on the motion of the burgh prosecutor, deserts the diet pro loco et tempore.

Magistrate.

566

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56. Vict.

Remit to Sheriff or Magistrate of another Burgh.

[Place and date.] The magistrate remits this ease to the sheriff of

[] and grants warrant to officers of law to convey the

accused to the prison of [], thereafter to be dealt with in

d.ie course of law.

__________Magistrate.

Note. — If the remit is made to the magistrates of another burgh, it will be so stated.

Bond of Caution for the Appearance of an Accused Party.

I, [name and designation of cautioner,] do hereby judicially enact, and

bind and oblige myself as cautioner and surety, that [and designation of accused party~\ shall appear personally before the magistrate officiating in the police court of the burgh of, on the

day of at o'clock, in the hour of cause, or at

any other diet to which the cause may be adjourned, and answer to a complaint at the instance of the burgh prosecutor [or other party entitled to prosecute with his concurrence], and that under a penalty of []

to be paid by me in case of failure, and to be recovered in the manner prescribed by the " Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892."

In witness whereof, Ac.

__________Cautioner.

__________ Witness.

__________ Witness.

Bond of Caution for Good Behaviour.

I, [name and designation of cautione,] in terms of a sentence pronounced by one of the magistrates of the burgh of [] on the

day of do hereby judicially enact, and bind and oblige

myself as cautioner and surety for the good behaviour of [name, of accused, as in complaint], for the period of months from the

day of, and that under the penalty of

to be paid in the event of contravention, mid recovered in the manner prescribed by the " Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892."

In witness whereof, &c.

__________._____Cautioner.

__________Witness.

__________Witness.

Forfeiture of a Bond of Caution in respect of Contravention and Warrant to charge and imprison Cautioner, failing Payment of the Penalty.

[Place and date.] The magistrate, in respect of the judicial confession above recorded [or evidence adduced], finds the accused guilty of the crime [contravention or offence] charged [or state to what extent accused found guilty], and therefore [insert sentence of court]:Further, declares

a bond of caution dated granted for the good behaviour of

the accused under a penalty of forfeited; appoints the penalty

to be applied in terms of the statute; and orders the cautioner in said bond to be charged, to make payment to [] of the penalty therein

contained within six days after such charge; and in default of payment thereof within said period ordains the said cautioner to be imprisoned for the period of days from the date of incarceration, unless payment

1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland), 1892. Ch. 55.

567

of said penalty be sooner made, and thereafter to be set at liberty; and for that purpose grants warrant to officers of law to apprehend and convey the said cautioner to the prison of [], thereafter to be dealt with

in due course of law.

__________Magistrate.

Forfeiture of Bond of Caution, in respect of Non-Appearance, Warrant to Charge and Imprison Cautioner failing Payment of the Penalty.

[Place and date.] The magistrate, in respect the accused has failed to appear to answer to the foregoing complaint, declares a bond of caution granted for the appearance of the accused at this diet under a penalty of forfeited, and appoints the said penalty to be applied in terms of the statute: Further orders [name and designation of ] the

cautioner in said bond to be charged to make payment to the clerk of court of said penalty within six days after such charge, and in default of payment thereof within said period, ordains the said cautioner to be imprisoned, &c. [and so on as in preceding form].

__________Magistrate.

Charge to a Cautioner to make Payment of a Penalty in a Bond Forfeited in respect of Contravention or for Non-Appearance.

To [name and designation of cautioner, as in bond].

I, a constable or officer of the police court of the burgh of [],

hereby charge you to make payment of the sum of [], being the

penalty contained in a bond of caution enacted by you in the said court for the [good behaviour of] [name and designation of, as in ]

for the period of months from the day of ] [or

appearance personally before said court of [name and designation of accused, as in bond] [to answer to a complaint at the instance of the burgh prosecutor thereof] [or other party entitled to prosecute his -

currence], which bond has been declared forfeited by the magistrate officiating in said court in respect of a conviction for an offence committed in contravention thereof [or in respect of tho non-appearance of the accused to answer to said complaint], the said sum to be paid by you to []

within six days after the date of this my charge under pain of imprisonment for the period of days from the date of incarceration, unless

said sum shall be sooner paid.

This charge served by me on the day of

__________ (Constable.

Constable's Execution of a Charge upon a Cautioner.

I, a constable or officer of the police court of the burgh of [],

upon the day of, lawfully charged [name and designation of cautionerf as in charge] to make payment to [] of the sum

of, being the penalty contained in a bond of caution enacted for the good behaviour of [or for the appearance personally before the said police court to answer to a complaint at the instance of the burgh prosecutor [or other party prosecuting with his ], which bond has been

declared forfeited, and that within six days after the date of my said charge

568

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

under the pain of imprisonment for a period of from the date of

incarceration.

This I did by delivering a charge to the effect aforesaid [how served, whether personally or left at dwelling-house, or

__________Const able.

Note. — Where the penalty forfeited is contained in an adjournment order, and due by the accused, the necessary alterations will be made on the foregoing forms.

Petition to Magistrates for Restoration of Stolen, &c. Goods.

Unto the magistrates of the burgh of [].

The petition of [name, , fyc. c. of claimant].

Humbly Sheweth,

That [state circumstances regarding the goods, , fyc. c.; and by whom claimed]

May it therefore please your honours, after intimation to and hearing any parties interested, to order the property above described to be restored to the petitioner upon tiro voce evidence being adduced to your satisfaction that such property was stolen [fraudulently obtained, or disposed of in breach of trust], and that the petitioner is the true owner or possessor thereof; or to do otherwise as to your honours may seem meet.

According to justice, &e.,

__________Petitioner,

or

Agent for Petitioner.

Extract of Charge and Sentence.

[Place and date.] [Name and designation of accused] having this day been brought before the magistrate officiating in the police court of the burgh of on the complaint of the burgh

prosecutor charged with the crime of [] (or)

[with a contravention of section of the Burgh Police

(Scotland) Act, 1892,] (or) [with an offence within the meaning of section of the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, or other Act contravened], and having been found guilty, the said magistrate [fined and amerciated the accused in the sum of

and failing immediate payment thereof] sentenced and adjudged the said accused to be imprisoned for the space of [] from this

date [unless said fine should be sooner paid, and granted warrant to officers of law to convey the said accused to the prison of [],

thereafter to be dealt with in due course of law.

__________Clerk.

General Directions.

Where the accused is summoned or apprehended, or witnesses are cited by virtue of the Act, it shall not be necessary to pray for or grant warrants for these purposes.

Whoever may be the presiding judge in the police court, the name magistrate " shall be used in all proceedings.

1892. Burgh Police (Scotla) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

SCHEDULE TIH.

Petition and Certificate by the Collector to be written at the

END OF EACH VOLUME OF THE ROLL OF ASSESSMENTS.

Unto the honourable the sheriff of [or magistrates of the

burgh of ].

The petition of A.B., collector of assessments for the burgh of

Humbly Shewbth,

That the assessments specified in the foregoing book (which is the volume of the roll of assessments for said burgh), have been duly imposed on the persons and companies therein mentioned for the year from to, and became due and payable at the term of (as the case

may be).

That the petitioner hereby certifies that the said persons or companies received notices from the petitioner to pay the assessments set against their names respectively, within fourteen days hereafter, and that the said period has in each case expired.

Farther, that certain of the said persons and companies have failed to pay the assessments due by them respectively, being those against whose names no marking of payment has been made in said volume, and the sums specified after their names are still truly due.

May it therefore please your lordship [or your honours] to graut summary Warrant to the petitioner or officers of court to enter into any premises in the occupancy of an of the said persons or companies so in arrear, and to poind, seize, remove, or secure any goods and effects therein belonging to, or in the lawful possession of, such persons or companies, or so much thereof as will fully satisfy the arrears of assessments due by them respectively with the addition of ten per centum thereon; and warrant also to the petitioner or officers of court or any licensed auctioneer, after the lapse of four days, in the event of the non-payment of said arrears and ten per centum thereon, to sell and dispose of said goods and effects by public auction, on three days notice of the sale [by the common crier or by such mode as the sheriff or magistrate may prescribe], either on the premises or at the market cross [or such other public place as may be fixed by the sheriff or ], and

apply the proceeds in payment of the said arrears and ten per centum, returning any balances to the owners; and the petitioner further craves your lordship [or your honours] to decern and ordain instant execution by arrestment of the goods, debts, and sums of money of the said persons or companies in satisfaction of the said assessments due by them respectively and of ten per centum thereon.

, Collector.

[Place and date.] The sheriff [sheriff substitute or magistrate] grants warrant and decree all as craved.

C.D.

SCHEDULE IX.

We, A.B. [here insert name and place of abode as in the municipal register for the burgh] and CD. [here insert name and place of abode as aforesaid] hereby propose and nominate E.F. [here insert name and place of abode as aforesaid] for election as a councillor. When the burgh is

569

Section 353.

Section 89.

570

Ch. 55, 56. Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Tier.

Section 40.

Appointment and powers of a deputy coroner of both a county d a borough

divided into wards add here " for the ward "

ing such ward] at the next ensuing municipal election in the burgh of

[specify burgh].

Given under our hand this [insert date].

A.B.__________

C.D.

We, the undersigned, being registered municipal electors of the burgh of [or " for the ward" [specify ward] as the case may be], do

hereby assent to the nomination of the said E.F. as councillor as above mentioned.

G.H. of

I.J. of

K.L. of

M.N. of

O.P. of

j Insert places I of abode as

J' in Municipal Register

1, the nominee for election consent

To town clerk of

E.F.

SCHEDULE X.

The intimation or nomination of E.F. [here insert name and place of abode of candidate as in the municipal register for the ] forelection

as a councillor, When the burgh is divided into wards, add here " for the ward "[specifying such ] at the next ensuing municipal election in the burgh of [specify burgh] is hereby withdrawn.

Given under our hand this [insert date].

To be signed by

or by

To__________

Town clerk of

X Candidate.

X Proposer or seconder,

X Proposer.

X Seconder.

X Assenter.

CHAPTER 56.

An Act to amend the Law in relation to the Appointment of Coroners and Deputy Coroners in Counties and Boroughs.

[28th June 1892.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) Every coroner, whether for a county or a borough, shall appoint, by writing under his hand, a fit person approved by the chairman or mayor, as the case may be, of the council who

1892.

Coroners A, 1892. Ch. 56.

571

appointed the coroner, not being an alderman or councillor of such council, to be his deputy, and may revoke such appointment, but such revocation shall not take effect until the appointment of another deputy has been approved as aforesaid.

(2.) A duplicate of every appointment shall be sent to the said council and be kept among the records of the county or borough, as the case may be.

(3.) A deputy may act for the coroner during his illness or during his absence for any lawful or reasonable cause, or at any inquest which the coroner is disqualified for holding, but not otherwise. In the case of a borough coroner the necessity of his so acting shall be certified on each occasion by a justice of the peace, and such certificate shall state the cause of absence of the coroner, be openly read to every inquest jury summoned by the deputy coroner, and.be conclusive evidence of the jurisdiction of the deputy to act.

(4.) The deputy of a coroner shall, notwithstanding the coroner vacates h; s office by death or otherwise, continue in office until a new deputy is appointed, and shall act as the coroner while the office is so vacant in like manner as during the illness of the coroner, and one certificate may extend to the period of the vacancy, and he shall be entitled to receive in respect of the period of the vacancy the like remuneration as the vacating coroner.

(5.) For the purpose of an inquest or act which a deputy of a coroner is authorised to hold or do, he shall be deemed to be that coroner, and have the same jurisdiction and powers and be subject to the same obligations, liabilities, and disqualifications as that coroner, and he shall generally be subject to the provisions of the Coroners Act, 1887, and to the Jaw relating to coronets in like manner as that coroner.

(6.) A council may postpone the appointment of a coroner to fill a vacancy, either generally or in any particular case, for a period not exceeding three months from the date at which that vacancy occurs.

(7.) For the purposes of this section the council who appointed a coroner shall —

(a)where the coroner was, in pursuance of any section of the Local Government Act, 1888, appointed by or on the recommendation of a joint committee, be deemed to be any of the councils who appointed any members of that committee; and

(6) where a coroner for a district of a county is, in pursuance of subsection four of section thirty-four of the Local Government Act, 1888, appointed by the council of any county borough, be deemed to be that council.

(8.) In the case of a county coroner who has been elected before the date on which the provisions of the Local Government Act, 1888, as to the appointment of coroners came into force, the council of any county or county borough, in which the district of the coroner is wholly or partially situated, shall for the purposes of this section be deemed to be the council who appointed the coroner.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 71.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 41.

572

Ch. 56, 57.

Coroners Act, 1892.

55 & 56 Vict.

Repeal.

Construction of Act and short title.

Short title, construction, and extent.

Adoption of Act.

Adoption of Act by urban authorities.

2. The Acts specified in the schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent in the third column of that schedule mentioned.

3. This Act shall be construed as one with the Coroners Act, 1887, and this Act and that Act may be cited together as the Coroners Acts, 1887 and 1892, and this Act may be cited separately as the Coroners Act, 1892.

SCHEDULE.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Extent of Repeal.

45 & 46 Vict 46 Vict. c. 50. The Municipal Corpo- Section one hundred

rations Act, 1882. and seventy-two.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 71. The Coroners Act, 1887 Section thirteen, and in section thirty-three the words "and the " appointment of a deputy by such coroner."

CHAPTER 57.

An Act to amend the Public Health Acts in relation to Private Street Improvement Expenses.

[28th June 1892.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Private Street Works Act, 1892, and shall be construed as one with the Public Health Acts, and shall extend only to England; and this Act and the Public Health Acts may be cited together as the Public Health Acts.

2. This Act shall extend and apply to any urban sanitary district in which it is respectively adopted under the provisions of this Act.

3. The following provisions shall have effect with regard to the adoption of this Act by urban authorities:

(1.) The adoption shall be by a resolution passed at a meeting of the urban authority; and one calendar month at least before such meeting special notice of the meeting, and of the intention to propose such resolution, shall be given to every member of the authority, and the notice shall be deemed to have been duly given to a member of it if it is either —

(a.) Given in the mode in which notices to attend meetings of the authority are usually given; or

1892.

Private Street IFarks, 1892.

£h. 57.

573

(6.) Where there is no such mode, then signed by the clerk of the authority, and delivered to the member or left at his usual or last known place of abode in England, or forwarded by post in a prepaid registered letter, addressed to the member at his usual or last known place of abode in England.

(2.) Such resolution shall be published by advertisement iu some one or more newspapers circulating within the district of the authority, and by causing notice thereof to be affixed to the principal doors of every church and chapel in the place to which notices are usually fixed, and otherwise in such manner as the authority think sufficient for giving notice thereof to all persons interested, and shall come into operation at such time not less than one month after the first publication of the advertisement of the resolution as the authority may by the resolution fix, and upon its coming into operation this Act shall extend to that district.

(3.) A copy of the resolution shall be sent to the Local Government Board.

(4.) A copy of the advertisement shall be conclusive evidence of the resolution having been passed, unless the contrary be shown; and no objection to the effect of the resolution on the ground that notice of the intention to propose the same was not duly given, or on the ground that the resolution was not sufficiently published, shall be made after three months from the date of the first publication of the advertisement.

4. The Local Government Board may declare that the provisions contained in this Act shall be in force in any rural sanitary district, or any part thereof, and may invest a rural sanitary authority with the powers, rights, duties, capacities, liabilities, and obligations which an urban authority may acquire by adoption of this Act, in like manner and subject to the same provisions as they are enabled to invest rural sanitary authorities with the powers of urban sani -tary authorities under the provisions of section two hundred and seventy-six of the Public Health Act, 1875.

5. In this Act, if not inconsistent with the context, —

The expression "urban authority" means an urban sanitary authority under the Public Health Acts.

The expressions " urban sanitary district " and " rural sanitary district " mean respectively an urban sanitary district and a rural sanitary district under the Public Health Acts, and " district" means the district of an urban sanitary authority or of a rural sanitary authority, as the case may require.

The expressions " surveyor, " " lands, " " premises, " " owner, " " drain, " " sewer, " have respectively the same meaning as in the Public Health Acts.

The expression "street" means (unless the context otherwise requires) a street as defined by the Public Health Acts, and not being a highway repairable by the inhabitants at large.

Words referring to " paving, metalling, and flagging " shall be construed as including macadamising, asphalting, gravelling, kerbing, and every method of making a carriageway or footway.

Local Government Board may extend Act to rural districts.

Interpretation.

574

Ch. 57,

Private Street Works Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Private street works.

Objections to

proposed

works.

6 — (1) Where any street or part of a street is not sewered, levelled, paved, metalled, flagged, channelled, made good, and lighted to the satisfaction of the urban authority, the urban authority may'from time to time resolve with respect to such street or part of a street to do any one or more of the following works (in this Act called private street works); that is to say, to sewer, level, pave, metal, flag, channel, or make good, or to provide proper means for lighting such street or part of a street; and the expenses incurred by the urban authority in executing private street works shall be apportioned (subject as in this Act mentioned) on the premises fronting, adjoining, or abutting on such street or part of a street. Any such resolution may include several streets or parts of streets, or may be limited to any part or parts of a street.

(2.) The surveyor shall prepare, as respects each street or part of a street, —

(a.) A specification of the private street works referred to in the resolution, with plans and sections (if applicable);

(b.) An estimate of the probable expenses of the works;

(c.) A provisional apportionment of the estimated expenses among the premises liable to be charged therewith under this Act.

Such specification, plans, sections, estimate, and provisional apportionment shall comprise the particulars prescribed in Part I. of the Schedule to this Act, and shall be submitted to the urban authority, who may by resolution approve the same respectively with or without modification or addition as they think fit.

(3.) The resolution npproving the specifications, plans, and sections (if any), estimates, and provisional apportionments, shall be published in the manner prescribed in Part II. of the Schedule to this Act, and copies thereof shall be served on the owners of the premises shown as liable to be charged in the provisional apportionment within seven days after the date of the first publication. During one month from the date of the fir»t publication the approved specifications, plans, and sections (if any), estimates, and provisional apportionments (or copies (hereof certified by the surveyor), shall be kept deposited at the urban authority offices, and shall be open to inspection at all reasonable times.

7. During the said month any owner of any premises shown in a provisional apportionment as liable to be charged with any part of the expenses of executing the works may, by written notice served on the urban authority, object to the proposals of the urban authority on any of the following grounds; (that is to say,)

(a.) That an alleged street or pari of a street is not or does not form part of a street within the meaning of this Act;

(5.) That a street or pari of a street is (in whole or in part) a highway repairable by the inhabitants at large;

(c.) That there has been some material informality, defect, or error in or in respect of the resolution, notice, plans, sections, or estimate;

(d.) That the proposed works are insufficient or unreasonable, or that the estimated expenses are excessive;

1892.

Private Street Works Act, 1892. Ch. 57.

575

(e.) That any premises ought to be excluded from or inserted in the provisional apportionment;

(/.) That the provisional apportionment is incorrect in respect of some matter of fact to be specified in the object ion or (where the provisional apportionment is made with regard to other considerations than frontage as herein-after provided) in respect of the degree of benefit to be derived by any persons, or the amount or value of any work already done by the owner or occupier of any premises.

For the purposes of this Act joint tenants or tenants in common may object through one of their number authorised in writing under the hands of the majority of such joint tenants or tenants in common.

The urban authority at any time after the expiration of the said month may apply to a court of summary jurisdiction to appoint a time for determining the matter of all objections made as in this Act mentioned, and shall publish a notice of the time and place appointed, and copies of such notice shall be served upon the objectors; and at the time and place so appointed any such court may proceed to hear and determine the matter of all such objections in the same manner as nearly as may be, and with the same powers and subject to the same provisions with respect to stating a case, as if the urban authority were proceeding summarily against the objectors to enforce payment of a sum of money summarily recoverable. The corn t may quash in whole or in part or may amend the resolution, plans, sections, estimates, and provisional apportionments, or any of them, on the application either of any object or or of the urban authority. The court may also, if it thinks fit, adjourn the hearing and direct any further notices to be given.

(2.) No objection which could be made under ihis Act shall be otherwise made or allowed in any court proceeding or manner whatsoever.

(3.) The costs of any proceedings before a court of summary jurisdiction in relation to objections under this Act shall be in the discretion of the court, and the court shall have power, if it thinks fit, to direct that the whole or any part of such costs ordered to be paid by an object or or objectors shall be paid in the first instance by the urban authority, and charged as part of the expenses of the works on the premises of the object or or objectors in such proportions as may appear just.

9. — (1.) The urban authority may include in any works ta> be done under this Act with respect to any street or part of a street any works which they think necessary for bringing the street or part of a street, as regards sewerage, drainage, level, or other matters, into conformity with any other streets (whether repairable or not by the inhabitants at large), including the provision of separate sewers for the reception of sewage and of surface water respectively.

(2.) The urban authority in any estimate of the expenses of private street works may include a commission not exceeding five

Hearing and determination of objections.

Incidental

works.

576

Ch. 57.

Private Street Works Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Apportionment of expenses.

Amendment of plan, &c.

Final apportionment and recovery of

expenses.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 55.

pounds per centum (in addition to the estimated actual cost) in respect of surveys, superintendence, and notices, and such commission when received shall be carried to the credit of the district fund.

10. In a provisional apportionment of expenses of private street works the apportionment of expenses against the premises fronting, adjoining, or abutting on the street or part of a street in respect of which the expenses are to be incurred shall, unless the urban authority otherwise resolve, be apportioned according to the frontage of the respective premises; but the urban authority may, if they think just, resolve that in settling the apportionment regard shall be had to the following considerations; (that is to say,)

(a.) The greater or less degree of benefit to be derived by any premises from such works;

(5.) The amount and value of any work already done by the owners or occupiers of any such premises.

They may also, if they think just, include any premises which do not front, adjoin, or abut on the street or part of a street, but access to which is obtained from the street through a court, passage, or otherwise, and which in their opinion will be benefited by the works, and may fix the sum or proportion to be charged against any such premises accordingly.

11. The urban authority may from time to time amend the specifications, plans, and sections (if any), estimates, and provisional apportionments for any private street works, but if the total amount of the estimate in respect of any street or part of a street is increased, such estimate and the provisional apportionment shall be published in the manner prescribed in Part II. of the Schedule to this Act, and shall be open to inspection at the urban authority offices at all reasonable times, and copies thereof shall be served on the owners of the premises affected thereby; and objections may be made to the increase and apportionment, and if made shall be dealt with and determined in like manner as objections to the original estimate and apportionment.

12. — (1.) When any private street works have been completed, and the expenses thereof ascertained, the surveyor shall make a final apportionment by dividing the expenses in £he same proportions in which the estimated expenses were divided in the original or amended provisional apportionment (as the case may be), and such final apportionment shall be conclusive for all purposes; and notice of such final apportionment shall be served upon the owners of the premises affected thereby; and the sums apportioned thereby shall be recoverable in manner provided by this Act, or in the same manner as private improvement expenses are recoverable under the Public Health Act, 1875, including the power to declare any such expenses to be payable by instalments.

(2.) Within one month after such notice the owner of any premises charged with any expenses under such apportionment may, by a written notice to the urban authority, object to such final apportionment on the following grounds, or any of them:—

1892.

Private Street Works, 1892. Ch. 57.

577

(a.) That the actual expenses have without sufficient reason exceeded the estimated expenses by more than fifteen per cent.

(6.) That the final apportionment has not been made in accordance with this section.

(c.) That there has been an unreasonable departure from the specification, plans, and sections.

(3.) Objections under this section shall be determined in the same manner as objections to the provisional apportionment.

13. — (1.) Any premises included in the final apportionment, and Charge on all estates and interests from time to time therein, shall stand and Premi8e9-remain charged (to the like extent and effect as under section two hundred and fifty-seven of the Public Health Act, 1875) with the

sum finally apportioned on them, or if objection has been made against the final apportionment with the sum determined to be due as from the date of the final apportionment, with interest at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, and the urban authority shall, for the recovery of such sum and interest, have all the same powers and remedies Under the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act, 1881, and otherwise as if they were mortgagees having powers of sale and lease and of appointing a receiver.

(2.) The urban authority shall keep a register of charges under this Act and of the payments made in satisfaction thereof, and the register shall be open to inspection to all persons at all reasonable times on payment of not exceeding one shilling in respect of each name or property searched for, and the urban authority shall furnish copies of any part of such register to any person applying for the same on payment of such reasonable sum as may be fixed by the urban authority.

14. The urban authority, if they think fit, may from time to time Recovery (in addition and without prejudice to any other remedy) recover of expend* summarily in a court of summary jurisdiction, or as a simple con- ^actionf of tract debt by action in any court of competent jurisdiction, from the

owner for the time being of- any premises in respect of which any sum is due for expenses of private street works the whole or any portion of such sum, together with interest at a rate not exceeding four pounds per centum per annum, from the date of the final apportionment till payment thereof.

15. The urban authority, if they think fit, may at any time Contribution

resolve to contribute the whole or a portion of the expenses of any to

private street works, and may pay the same out of the district fund expend. ° or general district rate or other rate out of which the general expenses incurred under the Public Health Act, 1875, are payable.

16. The incumbent or minister or trustee of any church, chapel, or place appropriated to public religious worship, which is for the time being by law exempt from rates for the relief of the poor, shall not be liable to any expenses of private street works as the owner of such church, chapel, or place, or of any churchyard or burial ground attached thereto, nor shall any such expenses be

Exemption from expenses of incumbent of church

0 o

Ik

568

Ch. 55.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1S92. 55 & 56 Vict.

under the pain of imprisonment for a period of from the date of

incarceration.

This I did by delivering a charge to the effect aforeraul served, whether personally or left at dwelling-house, or how].

__________Const able.

Note. — Where the penally forfeited is contained in an adjournment order, and due by the accused, the necessary alterations will be made on the foregoing forms.

Petition to Magistrates for Restoration of Stolen, &c. Goods.

Unto the magistrates of the burgh of [].

The petition of [name, $c. of claimant].

Humbly Sheweth,

That [state circumstances regarding the goods, , fyc. c.; and by whom claimed]

May it therefore please your honours, after intimation to and hearing any parties interested, to order the property above described to be restored to the petitioner upon voce evidence being adduced to your satisfaction that such property -was stolen [fraudulently obtained, or disposed of in breach of trust], and that the petitioner is the true owner or possessor thereof; or to do otherwise as to your honours may seem meet.

According to justice, &c.,

__________ Petitioner,

or

Agent for Petitioner.

Extract of Charge and Sentence.

[Place and date.] [Name and designation of accused] having this day been brought before the magistrate officiating in the police court of the burgh of on the complaint of the burgh

prosecutor charged with the crime of [] (or)

[with a contravention of section of the Burgh Police

(Scotland) Act, 1892,] (or) [with an offence within the meaning of section of the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, or other Act contravened], and having been found guilty, the said magistrate [fined and amerciated the accused in the sum of

and failing immediate payment thereof] sentenced and adjudged the said accused to be imprisoned for the space of [] from this

date [unless said fine should be sooner paid, and granted warrant to officers of law to convey the said accused to the prison of [],

thereafter to be dealt with in due course of law.

__________ Clerk.

General Directions.

Where the accused is summoned or apprehended, or witnesses are cited by virtue of the Act, it shall not be necessary to pray for or grant warrants for these purposes.

Whoever may be the presiding judge in the police court, the name " magistrate " shall be used in all proceedings.

1892. Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ch. 55.

SCHEDULE VIII.

Petition and Certificate by the Collector to be written at the end of each Volume of the Koll of Assessments.

Unto the honourable the sheriff of [or magistrates of the

burgh of ].

The petition of A.B., collector of assessments for the burgh of

Humbly Sheweth,

That the assessments specified in the foregoing book (which is the volume of the roll of assessments for said burgh), have been duly imposed on the persons and companies therein mentioned for the year from to, and became due and payable at the term of (as the case

may be).

That the petitioner hereby certifies that the said persons or companies received notices from the petitioner to pay the assessments set against their names respectively, within fourteen days hereafter, and that the said period has in each case expired.

Farther, that certain of the said persons and companies have failed to pay the assessments due by them respectively, being those against whose names no marking of payment has been made in said volume, and the sums specified after their names are still truly due.

May it therefore please your lordship [or your honours] to grant summary Warrant to the petitioner or officers of court to enter into any premises in the occupancy of any of the said persons or companies so in arrear, and to poind, seize, remove, or secure any goods and effects therein belonging to, or in the lawful possession of, such persons or companies, or so much thereof as will fully satisfy the arrears of assessments due by them respectively with the addition of ten per centum thereon; and warrant also to the petitioner or officers of court or any licensed auctioneer, after the lapse of four days, in the event of the non-payment of said arrears and ten per centum thereon, to sell and dispose of said goods and effects by public auction, on three days notice of the sale [by the common crier or by such mode as the sheriff or magistrate may prescribe], either on the premises or at the market cross [or other public place as may be fixed by the sheriff or and

apply the proceeds in payment of the said arrears and ten per centum, returning any balances to the owners; and the petitioner further craves your lordship [or your honours] to decern and ordain instant execution by arrestment of the goods, debts, and sums of money of the said persons or companies in satisfaction of the said assessments due by them respectively and of ten per centum thereon.

A.B.j Collector.

[Place and date.] The sheriff [sheriff substitute or magistrate] grants warrant and decree all as craved.

C.D.

SCHEDULE IX.

We, A.B. [here insert name and place of abode as in the municipal register for the burgh] and C.D. [here insert name and place of abode as aforesaid] hereby propose and nominate E.F. [here insert name and place of abode as aforesaid] for election as a councillor. When the burgh is

569

Section 353.

Section 89.

570

Ch. 55, 56. Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

divided into wards add here " for the ward " [specify-

ing such ward] at the next ensuing municipal election in the burgh of [specify burgh].

Given under our hand this [insert date].

C.D.__________

We, the undersigned, being registered municipal electors of the burgh of [or "for the ward" [specify ward] as the case may be], do hereby assent to the nomination of the said E.F. as councillor as above mentioned.

G.H. of

I.J. of

K.L. of

M.N. of

O.P. of

Insert places of abode as in Municipal Register

1, the nominee for election consent To town clerk of__________

E.F.

Section to. SCHEDULE X.

The intimation or nomination of E.F. [here insert name and place of abode of candidate as in the municipal register for the burgh] for election as a councillor, When the burgh is divided into wards, add here " for the ward [specifying such ward] at the next ensuing municipal election in the burgh of [specify burgh] is hereby withdrawn.

Given under our hand this [insert date].

To be signed by

X Candidate,

x Proposer or seconder.

or by

x Proposer,

x Seconder,

x Assenter.

To__________

Town clerk of

CHAPTER 56.

Appointment and powers of a deputy coroner of both a county and a borough.

An Act to amend the Law in relation to the Appointment of Coroners and Deputy Coroners in Counties and Boroughs.

[28th June 1892.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) Every coroner, whether for a county or a borough, shall appoint, by writing under his hand, a fit person approved by the chairman or mayor, as the case may be, of the council who

1892.

Coroners Act, 1892. Ch. 50.

571

appointed the coroner, not being an alderman or councillor of such council, to be his deputy, and may revoke such appointment, but such revocation shall not take effect until the appointment of another deputy has been approved as aforesaid.

(2.) A duplicate of every appointment shall be sent to the said council and be kept among the records of the county or borough, as the case may be.

(3.) A deputy may act for the coroner during his illness or during his absence for any lawful or reasonable cause, or at any inquest which the coroner is disqualified for holding, but not otherwise. In the case of a borough coroner the necessity of his so acting shall be certified on each occasion by a justice of the peace, and such certificate shall state the cause of absence of the coroner, be openly read to every inquest jury summoned by the deputy coroner, and be conclusive evidence of the jurisdiction of the deputy to act.

(4.) The deputy of a coroner shall, notwithstanding the coroner vacates h:s office by death or otherwise, continue in office until a new deputy is appointed, and shall act as the coroner while the office is so vacant in like manner as during the illness of the coroner, and one certificate may extend to the period of the vacancy, and he shall be entitled to receive in respect of the period of the vacancy the like remuneration as the vacating coroner.

(5.) For the purpose of an inquest or act which a deputy of a coroner is authorised to hold or do, he shall be deemed to be that coroner, and have the same jurisdiction and powers and be subject to the same obligations, liabilities, and disqualifications as that coroner, and he shall generally be subject to the provisions of the Coroners Act, 1887, and to the law relating to coroners in like manner as that coroner.

(6.) A council may postpone the appointment of a coroner to fill a vacancy, either generally or in any particular case, for a period not exceeding three months from the date at which that vacancy occurs.

(7.) For the purposes of this section the council who appointed a coroner shall —

(a) where the coroner was, in pursuance of any section of the Local Government Act, 1888, appointed by or on the recommendation of a joint committee, be deemed to be any of the councils who appointed any members of that committee; and

(b) where a coroner for a district of a county is, in pursuance of subsection four of section thirty-four of the Local Government Act, 1888, appointed by the council of any county borough, be deemed to be that council.

(8.) In the case of a county coroner who has been elected beforO the date on which the provisions of the Local Government Act. 1888, as to the appointment of coroners came into force, the council of any county or county borough, in which the district of the coroner is wholly or partially situated, shall for the purposes of this section be deemed to be the council who appointed the coroner.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 71.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 41.

572

Ch. 56, 57.

Coroners Act, 1892.

55 & 56 Vict.

Repeal.

Construction of Act and short title.

Short title, construction, and extent.

Adoption of Act.

Adoption of Act by urban authorities.

2. The Acts specified in the schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent in the third column of that schedule mentioned.

3. This Act shall be construed as one with the Coroners Act, 1887, and this Act and that Act may be cited together as the Coroners Acts, 1887 and 1892, and this Act may be cited separately as the Coroners Act, 1892.

SCHEDULE.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Extent of Repeal.

46 & 46 Vict. c. 50. The Municipal Corporations Act, 1882. Section one hundred and seventy-two.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 71. The Coroners Act, 1887 Section thirteen, and in section thirty-three the words "and the " appointment of a " deputy by such " coroner."

CHAPTER 57.

An Act to amend the Public Health Acts in relation to Private Street Improvement Expenses.

[28th June 1892.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Private Street Works Act, 1892, and shall be construed as one with the Public Health Acts, and shall extend only to England; and this Act and the Public Health Acts may be cited together as the Public Health Acts.

2. This Act shall extend and apply to any urban sanitary district in which it is respectively adopted under the provisions of this Act.

3. The following provisions shall have effect with regard to the adoption of this Act by urban authorities:

(1.) The adoption shall be by a resolution passed at a meeting of the urban authority; and one calendar month at least before such meeting special notice of the meeting, and of the intention to propose such resolution, shall be given to every member of the authority, and the notice shall be deemed to have been duly given to a member of it if it is either —

(a.) Given in the mode in which notices to attend meetings of the authority are usually given; or

1892.

Private Street Works Act, 1892.

£h. 57.

573

(b.) Where there is no such mode, then signed by the clerk of the authority, and delivered to the member or left at his usual or last known place of abode in England, or forwarded by post in a prepaid registered letter, addressed to the member at his usual or last known place of abode in England.

(2.) Such resolution shall be published by advertisement in some one or more newspapers circulating within the district of the authority, and by causing notice thereof to be affixed to the principal doors of every church and chapel in the place to which notices are usually fixed, and otherwise in such manner as the authority think sufficient for giving notice thereof to all persons interested, and shall come into operation at such time not less than one month after the first publication of the advertisement of the resolution as the authority may by the resolution fix, and upon its coming into operation this Act shall extend to that district.

(3.) A copy of the resolution shall be sent to the Local Government Board.

(4.) A copy of the advertisement shall be conclusive evidence of the resolution having been passed, unless the contrary be shown; and no objection to the effect of the resolution on the ground that notice of the intention to propose the same was not duly given, or on the ground that the resolution was not sufficiently published, shall be made after three months from the date of the first publication of the advertisement.

4. The Local Government Board may declare that the provisions contained in this Act shall be in force in any rural sanitary district, or any part thereof, and may invest a rural sanitary authority with the powers, rights, duties, capacities, liabilities, and obligations which an urban authority may acquire by adoption of this Act, in like manner and subject to the same provisions as they are enabled to invest rural sanitary authorities with the powers of urban sani -tary authorities under the provisions of section two hundred and seventy-six of the Public Health Act, 1875.

5. In this Act, if not inconsistent with the context, —

The expression "urban authority" means an urban sanitary authority under the Public Health Acts.

The expressions " urban sanitary district" and " rural sanitary district " mean respectively an urban sanitary district and a rural sanitary district under the Public Health Acts, and " district" means the district of an urban sanitary authority or of a rural sanitary authority, as the case may require.

The expressions " surveyor, " " lands, " " premises, " " owner, " " drain, " " sewer, " have respectively the same meaning as in the Public Health Acts.

The expression "street" means (unless the context otherwise requires) a street as defined by the Public Health Acts, and not being a highway repairable by the inhabitants at large.

Words referring to " paving, metalling, and flagging " shall be construed as including macadamising, asphalting, gravelling, kerbing, and every method of making a carriageway or footway.

Local Government Board may extend Act to rural districts.

Interpretation.

574

Ch. 57,

Private Street Works Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Private street works.

Objectir ns to

proposed

works.

6. — (1.) Where any street or part of a street is not sewered, levelled, paved, metalled, flagged, channelled, made good, and lighted to the satisfaction of the urban authority, the urban authority may- from time to time resolve with respect to such street or part of a street to do any one or more of the following works (in this Act called private street works); that is to say, to sewer, level, pave, metal, flag, channel, or make good, or to provide proper means for lighting such street or part of a street; and the expen>es incurred by the urban authority in executing private street works shall be apportioned (subject as in this Act mentioned) on the premises fronting, adjoining, or abutting on such street or part of a street. Any such resolution may include several streets or parts of streets, or may be limited to any part or parts of a street.

(2.) The surveyor shall prepare, as respects each street or part of a street, —

(a.) A specification of the private street works referred to in the resolution, with plans and sections (if applicable);

(b.) An estimate of the probable expenses of the works;

(c.) A provisional apportionment of the estimated expenses among the premises liable to be charged therewith under this Act.

Such specification, plans, sections, estimate, and provisional apportionment shall comprise the particulars prescribed in Part I. of the Schedule to this Act, and shall be submitted to the urban authority, who may by resolution approve the same respectively with or without modification or addition as they think fit

(3.) The resolution approving the specifications, plans, and sections (if any), estimates, and provisional apportionments, shall be published in the manner prescribed in Part II. of the Schedule to this Act, and copies thereof shall be served on the owners of the premises shown as liable to be charged in the provisional apportionment within seven days after the date of the first publication. During one month from the date of the firat publication the approved specifications, plans, and sections (if any), estimates, and provisional apportionments (or copies (hereof certified by the surveyor), shall be kept deposited at the urban authority offices, and shall be open to inspection at all reasonable times.

7. During the said month any owner of any premises shown in a provisional apportionment as liable to be charged with any part of the expenses of executing the works may, by written notice served on the urban authority, object to the proposals of the urban authority on any of the following grounds; (that is to say,)

(a.) That an alleged street or part of a street is not or does not form part of a street within the meaning of this Act;

(6.) That a street or part of a street is (in whole or in part) a highway repairable by the inhabitants at large;

(c.) That there has been some material informality, defect, or error in or in respect of the resolution, notice, plans, sections, or estimate;

(d.) That the proposed works are insufficient or unreasonable, or that the estimated expenses are excessive;

1892.

Private Street Works , 1892. Ch. 57.

575

(e.) That any premises ought to be excluded from or inserted in the provisional apportionment;

(f.) That the provisional apportionment is incorrect in respect of some matter of fact to be specified in theobjeclion or (where the provisional apportionment is made with regard to other considerations than frontage as herein-after provided) in respect of the degree of benefit to be derived by any persons, or the amount or value of any work already done by the owner or occupier of any premises.

For the purposes of this Act joint tenants or tenants in common may object through one of their number authorised in writing under the hands of the majority of such joint tenants or tenants in common.

8. — (1.) The urban authority at any time after the expiration of the said month may apply to a court of summary jurisdiction to appoint a time for determining the matter of all objections made as in this Act mentioned, and shall publish a notice of the time and place appointed, and copies of such notice shall be served upon the objectors; and at the time and place so appointed any such court may proceed to hear and determine the matter of all such objections in the same manner as nearly as may be, and with the same powers and subject to the same provisions with respect to stating a case, as if the urban authority were proceeding summarily against the objectors to enforce payment of a sum of money summarily recoverable. The court may quash in whole or in part or may amend the resolution, plans, sections, estimates, and provisional apportionments, or any of them, on the application either of any object or or of the urban authority. The court may also, if it thinks fit, adjourn the hearing and direct any further notices to be given.

(2.) No objection which could be made under this Act shall be otherwise made or allowed in any court proceeding or manner whatsoever.

(3.) The costs of any proceedings before a court of summary jurisdiction in relation to objections under this Act shall be in the discretion of the court, and the court shall have power, if it thinks fit, to direct that the whole or any part of such costs ordered to be paid by an object or or objectors shall be paid in the first instance by the urban authority, and charged as part of the expenses of the works on the premises of the object or or objectors in such proportions as may appear just.

9. — (1.) The urban authority may include in any works to be done under this Act with respect to any street or part of a street any works which they think necessary for bringing the street or part of a street, as regards sewerage, drainage, level, or other matters, into conformity with any other streets (whether repairable or not by the inhabitants at large), including the provision of separate sewers for the reception of sewage and of surface water respectively.

(2.) The urban authority in any estimate of the expenses of private street works may include a commission not exceeding five

Hearing and determination of object iotJh.

Incidental

works.

576

Ch. 57.

Private Street Works Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Apportionment of expenses.

Amendment of plan. See.

Final apportionment and recovery of expenses.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 55.

pounds per centum (in addition to the estimated actual cost) in respect of surveys, superintendence, and notices, and such commission when received shall be carried to the credit of the district fund.

10. In a provisional apportionment of expenses of private street works the apportionment of expenses against the premises fronting, adjoining, or abutting on the street or part of a street in respect of which the expenses are to be incurred shall, unless the urban authority otherwise resolve, be apportioned according to the frontage of the respective premises; but the urban authority may, if they think just, resolve that in settling the apportionment regard shall be had to the following considerations; (that is to say,)

(a.) The greater or less degree of benefit to be derived by any premises from such works;

(b.) The amount and value of any work already done by the owners or occupiers of any such premises.

They may also, if they think just, include any premises which do not front, adjoin, or abut on the street or part of a street, but access to which is obtained from the street through a court, passage, or otherwise, and which in their opinion will be benefited by the works, and may fix the sum or proportion to be charged against any such premises accordingly.

11. The urban authority may from time to time amend the specifications, plans, and sections (if any), estimates, and provisional apportionments for any private street works, but if the total amount of the estimate in respect of any street or part of a street is increased, such estimate and the provisional apportionment shall be published in the manner prescribed in Part II. of the Schedule to this Act, and shall be open to inspection at the urban authority offices at all reasonable times, and copies thereof shall be served on the owners of the premises affected thereby; and objections may be made to the increase and apportionment, and if made shall be dealt with and determined in like manner as objections to the original estimate and apportionment.

12. — (1.) When any private street works have been completed, and the expenses thereof ascertained, the surveyor shall make a final apportionment by dividing the expenses in £he same proportions in which the estimated expenses were divided in the original or amended provisional apportionment (as the case may be), and such final apportionment shall be conclusive for all purposes; and notice of such final apportionment shall be served upon the owners of the premises affected thereby; and the sums apportioned thereby shall be recoverable in manner provided by this Act, or in the same manner as private improvement expenses are recoverable under the Public Health Act, 1875, including the power to declare any such expenses to be payable by instalments.

(2.) Within one month after such notice the owner of any premises charged with any expenses under such apportionment may, by a written notice to the urban authority, object to such final apportionment on the following grounds, or any of them:—

1892.

Private Street Works, 1892. Ch. 57.

577

(a.) That the actual expenses have without sufficient reason exceeded the estimated expenses by more than fifteen per cent.

(b.) That the final apportionment has not been made in accordance with this section.

(c.) That there has been an unreasonable departure from the specification, plans, and sections.

(3.) Objections under this section shall be determined in the same manner as objections to the provisional apportionment.

13. — (1.) Any premises included in the final apportionment, and all estates and interests from time to time therein, shall stand and remain charged (to the like extent and effect as under section two hundred and fifty-seven of the Public Health Act, 1875) with the sum finally apportioned on them, or if objection has been made against the final apportionment with the sum determined to be due as from the date of the final apportionment, with interest at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, and the urban authority shall, for the recovery of such sum and interest, have all the same powers and remedies Under the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act, 1881, and otherwise as if they were mortgagees having powers of sale and lease and of appointing a receiver.

(2.) The urban authority shall keep a register of charges under this Act and of the payments made in satisfaction thereof, and the register shall be open to inspection to all persons at all reasonable times on payment of not exceeding one shilling in respect of each name or property searched for, and the urban authority shall furnish copies of any part of such register to any person applying for the same on payment of such reasonable sum as may be fixed by the urban authority.

14. The urban authority, if they think fit, may from time to time (in addition and without prejudice to any other remedy) recover summarily in a court of summary jurisdiction, or as a simple contract debt by action in any court of competent jurisdiction, from the owner for the time being of* any premises in respect of which any sum is due for expenses of private street works the whole or any portion of such sum, together with interest at a rate not exceeding four pounds per centum per annum, from the date of the final apportionment till payment thereof.

15. The urban authority, if they think fit, may at any time resolve to contribute the whole or a portion of the expenses of any private street works, and may pay the same out of the district fund or general district rate or other rate out of which the general expenses incurred under the Public Health Act, 1875, are payable.

16. The incumbent or minister or trustee of any church, chapel, or place appropriated to public religious worship, which is for the time being by law exempt from rates for the relief of the poor, shall not be liable to any expenses of private street works as the owner of such church, chapel, or place, or of any churchyard or burial ground attached thereto, nor shall any such expenses be

0 O

Charge on premises.

Recovery of expense* summarily or by action.

Contribution by urban authority to expenses.

Exemption from expenses of incumbent of church

Private Street Works Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

578

Power for limited owners to borrow for expenses.

Power for urban authority to borrow for private street works.

Adoption of private streets.

On street being paved, &e. urban authority to declare same public highway.

Separate accounts of expenses of works.

Ch. 57.

deemed to be a charge on such church, chapel, or other place, or on such churchyard or burial ground, or to subject the same to distress, execution, or other legal process, but the proportion of expenses in respect of which an exemption is allowed under this section shall be borne and paid by the urban authority.

17. All owners of buildings or lands, heing persons who under the Lands Clauses Acts are empowered to sell and convey or release land *, may charge such buildings or lands with such sum as may be necessary to defray the whole or any part of any expenses which the owners of or any persons in respect of such buildings or lands for the time being are liable to pay under this Act and the expenses of making such charge, and for securing the repayment of such sum with interest may mortgage such buildings or lands to any person advancing such sum, but so that the principal due on any such mortgage shall be repaid by equal yearly or half-yearly payments with; n twenty years.

18. The urban authority may from time to time, with the sanction of the Local Government Board, borrow, on the security of the district fund and general district rates or other rate out of which the general expenses incurred under the Public Health Act, 1875, are payable, moneys for the purpose of temporarily providing for expenses of private street works, and the powers of the urban authority to borrow under the Public Health Acts shall be available as if the execution of private street works under this Act were one of the purposes of the Public Health Act, 1875.

19. Whenever all or any of the private street works in this Act mentioned have been executed in a street or part of a street, and the urban authority are of opinion that such street or part of a street ought to become a highway repairable by the inhabitants at large, they may by notice to be fixed up in such street or part of a street declare the whole of such street or part of a street to be a highway repairable by the inhabitants at large, and thereupon such street or part of a street as defined in the notice shall become a highway repairable by the inhabitants at large.

20. If any street is now or shall hereafter be sewered, levelled, paved, metalled, flagged, channelled, and made good (all such works being done to the satisfaction of the urban authority), then, on the application in wiiting of the greater part in value of the owners of the houses and land in such street, the urban authority shall, within three months from the time of such application, by notice put up in such street declare the same to be a highway repairable by the inhabitants at large, and thereupon such street shall become a highway repairable by the inhabitants at large.

21. — (1.) The urban authority shall keep separate accounts of all moneys expended and recovered by them in the execution of the provisions of this Act relating to private street works.

(2.) All moneys recovered by the urban authority under this Act in respect of street works shall be applied in repayment of taoneys borrowed for the purpose of executing private street works, or if

1892.

Private Street Woi'ks Act, 1892. Ch. 57.

579

there is no such loan outstanding then in such manner as may be directed by the Local Government Board.

22. No railway or canal company shall be deemed to be an Railways and

owner or occupier for the purposes of this Act in respect of any canals abutting, , - . r r r . i but not com-

land ot such company upon which any street shall wholly or nmnicating partially front or abut, and which shall at the time of the laying with streets not out of such street be used by such company solely as a part of ^bie their line of railway, canal, or siding, station, towing path, or private street works, and shall have no direct communication with such street; expenses, and the expenses incurred by the urban authority under the powers of this Act which, but for this provision, such company would be liable to pay, shall be repaid to the urban authority by the owners of the premises included in the apportionments, and in such proportion as shall be settled by the surveyor; and in the event of such company subsequently making a communication with such street they shall, notwithstanding- such repayment as last aforesaid, pay to the urban authority the expenses which, but for the foregoing provision, such company would in the first instance have been liable to pay, and the urban authority shall divide among the owners for the time being included in the apportionment the amount so paid by such company to the urban authority, less the costs and expenses attendant upon such division, in such proportion as shall be settled by the surveyor, whose decision shall be final and conclusive. This section shall not apply to any street existing at the date of the adoption of this Act.

23. All expenses incurred or payable by an urban authority and Expenses of

a rural sanitary authority respectively in the execution of this Act, local authority‘ and not otherwise provided for, may be charged and defrayed as part of the expenses incurred by them respectively in the execution of the Public Health Acts.

24. All powers given to a local authority under this Act shall Powers of Act be deemed to be in addition to and not in derogation of any other cumulative-powers conferred upon such local authority by any Act of Parliament, law, or custom, and such other powers may be exercised in

the same manner as if this Act had not been passed.

25. Neither sections one hundred and fifty, one hundred and Certain sections fifty-one, and one hundred and fifty-two of the Public Health

Act, 1875, nor section forty-one of the Public Health Acts Amend- not t* apply. raent Act, 1890, shall apply to any district or part of a district in which this Act is in force.

26. This Act shall not extend to prejudice or derogate from the For protection estates, rights, and privileges of the Conservators of the River of Con^rvators Thames, or render them liable to any charges or payments in Thames. respect of any of their works on or upon the shores of the River Thames.

Oo 2

580

Ch. 57, 58.

Private Street Works Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Sections 6, 11.

No accumulation beyond minority.

[Short title.]

THE SCHEDULE.

Private Street Works.

PART I.

Particulars to bb stated in Specifications, Plans and Sections, Estimates, and Provisional Apportionments.

Specifications. — These shall describe generally the works and things to be done, and in the case of structural works shall specify as far as may be the foundation, form, material, and dimensions thereof.

Plans and Sections. — These shall show the constructive character of the works, and the connexions (if any) with existing streets, sewers, or other works, and the lines and levels of the works, subject to such limits of deviation (if any) as shall be indicated on the plans and sections respectively.

Estimates. — These shall show the particulars of the probable cost of the whole works, including the commission provided for by this Act.

Provisional Apportionments. — These shall state the amounts charged on the respective premises and the names of the respective owners, or reputed owners, and shall also state whether the apportionment is made according* to the frontage of the respective premises or not, and the measurements of the frontages, and the other considerations (if any) on which the apportionment is based.

PART II.

Publication of Notice.

Any resolution, notice, or other document required by this Act to be published in the manner prescribed by this schedule shall be published once in each of two successive weeks in some local newspaper circulating within the district, and shall be publicly posted in or near the street to which it relates once at least in each of three successive weeks.

CHAPTER 58.

An Act to amend the Law respecting Accumulations.

[28th June 1892.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. No person shall, after the passing of this Act, settle or dispose of any property in such manner that the rents, issues, profits, or income thereof shall be wholly or partially accumulated for the purchase of land only, for any longer period than during the minority or respective minorities of any person or persons who under the uses or trusts of the instrument directing such accumulation would for the time being, if of full age, be entitled to receive the rents, issues, profits, or income so directed to be accumulated.

2. This Act may be cited as the Accumulations Act, 1892.

1892.

Telegraph, 1892. Ch. 59.

581

CHAPTER 59.

An Act to make further provision respecting Telegraphs.

[28th June 1892.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Whereas it is expedient to raise money with a view to carry into effect the scheme of the Postmaster-General for the development of that part of the telegraphic system of the United Kingdom which is called the telephonic system, and in particular with a view to purchase and provide the main lines of telephonic communication:

Be it therefore enacted as follows: —

(1.) The Treasury may, with the above view, issue out of the Consolidated Fund, or the growing produce thereof, such sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of one million pounds as may be required by the Postmaster-General for the purposes of the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1889, and this Act, according to estimates approved by the Treasury.

(2.) The Treasury may, if they think fit, with a view to provide money for sums so authorised to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund or for repaying to that fund all or any part of the sums so issued, borrow by means of terminable annuities, for a term not exceeding twenty years, and all sums so borrowed shall be paid into the Exchequer.

(3.) The said annuities shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament for the service of the Post Office, and, if those moneys are insufficient, shall be charged on and paid out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or the growing produce thereof, at such times in each year as may be fixed by the Treasury.

The annuities shall be created by warrant of the Treasury to the Bank of England directing them to inscribe in their books the amount of such annuities in the names directed by the warrant.

2. — (1.) If the Postmaster-General considers that the inhabitants of any district or any public authority are debarred from the public convenience of telegraphic communication owing to the refusal or failure of any person being the occupier, lessee, or owner of any land or building to consent to the construction or maintenance of a work by the Postmaster-General, he may, without prejudice to any other power of proceeding under the Telegraph Acts, 1863 and 1878, or this Act, apply to the Railway and Canal Commission, and that Commission, if satisfied, after holding a local inquiry and giving an opportunity for all persons interested to be heard that the inhabitants or authority are so debarred as aforesaid, may make an Order consenting to the construction or maintenance of the work either unconditionally or subject to such pecuniary or other terms, conditions and stipulations as the Commission think just, and such consg^ shall have effect as a consent given by the said person to the q ^fcruction or maintenance of such work, but

Issue of money out of Consolidated Fund for purposes of Telegraph Acts.

Power of Railway and Canal Commission to make provisional order for construction ot work on private land

582

Ch. 59.

Telegraph Act, 1892.

55 & 56 Vict-

26 & 27 Vict. c. 112.

51 & 52 Vict.

c. 25.

Extension of certain provisions of Telegraph Acts.

subject as aforesaid all the provisions of the Telegraph Act, 1863, shall apply to such work, and such person shall have and enjoy all the protection and benefit of such provisions.

(2.) If the said person presents to the Commission, within one month after the service of such Order on him, a petition praying that the Order shall be laid before Parliament, and does not withdraw that petition, such Order shall have no effect until confirmed by Parliament with such modifications (if any) as Parliament may approve or direct; but if such petition is not presented, or though presented is withdrawn, the Railway and Canal Commission shall certify the fact, and after the date of that certificate such Order shall have full effect

(3.) The Postmaster-General may cause to be introduced into Parliament a public Bill confirming any such Order, and the Order when so confirmed, with any modification made therein by Parliament, shall have full effect.

(4.) If while a Bill confirming an Order under this section is pending in either House of Parliament a petition is presented against the Order, the Bill, so far as it relates to that Order, may be referred to a select committee, and the petitioner shall be allowed to appear and oppose as in the case of a private Bill.

(5.) The Railway and Canal Commission may hold a local inquiry for the purposes of this Act by any one or two of their members, or by any officer of the Commission whom they may direct to hold the same, and Parts One and Four of the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, except the sections relating to appeal, shall apply as if herein re-enacted and in terms made applicable to the purposes of this section, and any officer appointed to hold the inquiry shall have power to administer an oath.

(6.) The Railway and Canal Commission may make an interlocutory order for the continuance of an existing work while proceedings under this section are pending.

3. The provisions of the Telegraph Acts, 1863 and 1878, relating to streets, public roads, lands, and buildings within the limits of any city or municipal borough, or town corporate, or any town having a population of thirty thousand inhabitants or upwards shall, as amended by this Act, extend to streets, public roads, lands, and buildings within the limits of any urban sanitary district; and for the purposes of those Acts the terms public road and street shall respectively include a public highway for carriages and a public way, although not Bepairable in manner in the Telegraph Act, 1863, mentioned, and the term " public road " shall include a public highway for horses and a private road which is also a public footpath, if such highway or road is enclosed between hedges, walls, or other fences.

Telegraph lines 4. — (1.) Where a telegraphic line of the Postmaster-General has

constructed been constructed, either before or after the passing of this Act, b^persons °r whether by him or a person through whom he claims, and has other than the been constructed independently of or without compliance with G^neraf* Telegraph Acts, 1863 and 1878, or this Act, any road authority,

owner, lessee, occupier, or person whose consent would have been required if the line had been constructed in accordance with the

1892.

Telegraph Act, 1892. Ch. 59.

583

Acts, and who is aggrieved, or who would, if the line had been constiU2ted in accordance with the Acts, be entitled to require its removal, may require the removal of such line, but until the removal is required in pursuance of this section the line shall be deemed to have been lawfully constructed: Provided, that if and so far as the telegraphic line is constructed under or along a street or public road, sections three, four, and five of the Telegraph Act, 1878, shall apply as if the requisition to remove were a failure to consent within the meaning of those sections.

(2.) Where, either before or after the passing of this Act, any consent for the construction of a telegraphic line along a street or public road has been given, subject to any term, condition, or stipulation, to a person through whom the Postmaster-General claims, the Postmaster-General may give a notice to the authority or person giving the consent asking for the withdrawal of that term, condition, or stipulation, and if the authority or person fail to withdraw it within twenty-one days after the notice is given, a difference shall be deemed to have arisen between that authority or person and the Postmaster-General, and shall be determined in manner provided by sections four and five of the Telegraph Act, 1878.

5. — (1.) Where the Postmaster-General has, either before or after the passing of this Act licensed any company or person to transmit any telegrams within the meaning of the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1889, he may by the same or any other licence, authorise such company or person (in this Act referred to as the licensee) during the time and within the area specified in the licence, to exercise the powers which are conferred on the Postmaster-General by the Telegraph Acts, 1863 and 1878, and by the provisions of this Act relating to Provisional Orders, or such of those powers as are specified in the licence, and thereupon the enactments conferring those powers or relating to the exercise thereof, including any penal provisions, shall apply accordingly:

(2.) Provided as follows:—

(a.) A licensee shall not exercise any powers under the said enactments except in an urban sanitary district or such area adjoining an urban sanitary district as is described in the licence:

(6.) Notwithstanding anything in the Telegraph Act, 1878, a licensee shall not exercise any powers under the said enactments without the consent, in London of the county council, and in any urban sanitary district outside London of the urban sanitary authority, and elsewhere of the county council, and shall be subject to any terms and conditions which the county council or urban sanitary authority may attach to any such consent, and shall comply with any regulations of such council or authority from time to time in force in relation to telegraphic lines.

6. — (1.) Any company or person authorised to lay an electric line within the meaning of the Electric Lighting Act, 1882, may, with the approval of the Board of Trade, and with the consent of the local authority defined by the Electric Lighting Act, 1882, for the district which such electric line is laid, and by

agreement with postmaster-General, or, if so authorised by the

41 & 42 Vict. c. 76.

Application of Acts to licensee of Postmaster-General.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 112.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 34.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 76.

Agreement with electric lighting company.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 56.

584

Ch. 59.

Telegraph Act, 1892.

55 & 56 Vict.

Saving for railways and canals.

Extension of 26 & 27 Vict. c. 112. and 41 & 42 Vict. c. 76.

Definitions.

9

38 & 39 Vict. c. 55.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 76.

Application of Act to Scotland.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 101.

Application of Act to Ireland.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 52.

Postmaster-General, with his licensee, place, or authorise the Postmaster-General or his licensee to place, telegraphs in the trenches, tubes, pipes, or apparatus used for the purpose of such electric line.

(2.) The enactments relating to the company or person in relation to the powers, operations, trenches, tubes, pipes, and apparatus of such company or person for the purpose of the electric Jme shall, so far as applicable, extend to the said telegraphs, and to anything done in pursuance of this section.

7. Nothing in this Act sh&ll apply to the undertaking of any railway or canal company authorised by an Act of Parliament.

8. The provisions of the Telegraph Acts, 1863 and 1878, and this Act, shall apply to any pneumatic and other tubes used for the purpose of transmitting telegraphic messages or maintaining telegraphic communication in like manner as they apply to telegraphs underground.

9. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, —

The expression "road authority" means the body having the control of a street or public road, and where a street or public road is not repairable at the public expense, means the body which would have control of such street or road if it were repairable at the public expense.

The expression "urban sanitary authority" means an urban sanitary authority within the meaning of the Public Health Act, 1875, and a sanitary authority within the meaning of the Public Health (London) Act, 1891, and the expression "urban sanitary district" means a district within the meaning of the said Acts of such sanitary authority.

The expression "London" means the administrative county of London.

Expressions referring to the construction and maintenance of a telegraphic line along a street or public road, mean the placing and maintaining of a telegraph over, along, or across a street or public road, and the placing and maintaining of posts in or upon a street or public road.

Expressions referring to the refusal or failure to give a consent shall include a reference to a withdrawal of a consent, and to the attaching to a consent of any terms, conditions, or stipulations to which the Postmaster-General objects.

Other expressions have the same meaning as in the Telegraph Acts, 1863 and 1878.

10. In the application of this Act to Scotland, the following modifications shall be made —

" Burgh " as defined by the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867, shall be substituted for " urban sanitary district, " and the road authority within such burgh shall be substituted for urban sanitary authority.

1L In the application of this Act to Ireland, the following modifications shall be made:—

A reference to the Public Health Act, 1875, shall be construed to refer to the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, and the Acts amending the same:

A reference to the county council shall be construed to refer to the grand jury.

1892.

Telegraph Act, 1892. Ch. 59, 60.

585

12. This Act shall extend to the Isle of Man, with the following modifications, that is to say: —

"Local Government districts" shall be substituted for urban sanitary districts and " the commissioners of a local government district " for urban sanitary authority:

"The Governor and Executive Council of the Isle of Man" shall be substituted for " the Railway and Canal Commission, " and " any one or two commissioners appointed by the Governor and Executive Council " shall be substituted for " any one or two of the members of the Commission:"

" Court of Tynwald " shall be substituted for " Parliament, " and " either branch of the Court of Tynwald " shall be substituted for " either House of Parliament."

13. This Act may be cited as the Telegraph Act, 1892.

The Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1889, and this Act may be cited collectively as the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1892.

CHAPTER 60.

An Act to continue various Expiring Laws.

[28th June 1892.]

WHEREAS the Acts mentioned in column one of Part I. of the First Schedule to this Act are, in so far as they are in force and are temporary in their duration, limited to expire on the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and ninety-two:

And whereas the Act mentioned in column one of Part II. of the First Schedule to this Act is, to the extent aforesaid, limited to expire on the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and ninety-two:

And whereas the Act mentioned in column one of Part III. of the First Schedule to this Act is, to the extent aforesaid, limited to expire at the end of the session of Parliament next after the nineteenth day of July one thousand eight hundred and ninety-two:

And vrhereas the Act mentioned in column one of the Second Schedule to this Act is, to the extent aforesaid, limited to expire on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three:

And whereas the Act mentioned in column one of the Third Schedule to this Act is, to the extent aforesaid, limited to expire on the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and ninety-two:

And whereas it is expedient to provide for the continuance as in this Act mentioned of those Acts, and of the enactments amending the same:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1« — 0-) The Aqi mentioned in column one of Parts I. II. and

III. of the First Sy^jule to this Act shall, to the extent specified

Application of Act to the Isle of Man.

[Short title.]

26 & 27 Vict. c. 112.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 34.

Continuance of Acta in schedule.

5S6 Ch. 60. Expiring Laws Continuance, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

in column two of that schedule, be continued until the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three:

(2.) The Act mentioned in column one of the Second Schedule to this Act shall, to the extent specified in column two of that schedule, be continued until the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four:

(3.) The Act mentioned in column one of the Third Schedule to this Act shall, to the extent specified in column two of that schedule, be continued until the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and ninety-two:

(4.) Any unrepealed enactments amending or affecting the enactments continued by this Act shall, in so far as they are temporary in their duration, be continued in like manner, whether they are mentioned in lany schedule to this Act or not.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1892.

SCHEDULES. FIRST SCHEDULE. Part L

1. Original Acts. 2. How far continued. 3. Amending Acts.

a) 5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 27. Linen, Hempen, Cotton, and other Manufactures (Ireland). (2) 3 & 4 Vict. c. 89. Poor Rates, Stock in Trade Exemption. i The whole Act. 3 & 4 Vict. c. 91., 5 & 6 Vict. c. 68. 7 & 8 Vict. c. 47. 30 & 31 Vict. c. 60.

The whole Act. — — 1

(3) 4 A5 Vict. c. 30. Survey of Great Britain. The whole Act. 33 Vict. c. 13. 47 & 48 Vict. c. 43.

(4) 4 & 5 Vict. c. 59. Application of Highway Rates to Turnpike Roads. The whole Act.:

(5) 10 & 11 Vict. c. 98. Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction. As to provisions continued by 21 & 22 Vict. c. 50. 1 1;

(6) 11 & 12 Vict. c. 32. County Cess (Ireland). The whole Act. 20 & 21 Vict. c. 7.

(7) 14 & 15 Vict. c. 104. Episcopal and Capitular Estates Management. The whole Act. 17 & 18 Vict. c. 116. 21 & 22 Vict. c. 94. 22 & 23 Vict. c. 46. 23 & 24 Vict. c. 124. 31 & 32 Vict. c. 114. gfe10-

1892.

Expiring Laws Continuance, 1892. Ch. 60.

587

1. Original Acts. 2. How far continued. 3. Amending Acts.

(8) 17A18 Vict. c. 102. Corrupt Practices Prevention. So much as is continued by the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. 26 & 27 Vict. c. 29.s.6. 31 & 32 Vict. c. 125. 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

(9) 23 & 24 Vict. c. 19. Dwellings for Labouring Classes (Ireland). The whole Act. 1 —

(10) 24 & 25 Vict. c. 109. Salmon Fishery (England). As to appointment of inspectors, 8. 31. 49 & 50 Vict. c. 39. 8. 3.

(ID 26 & 27 Vict. c. 105. Promissory Notes. The whole Act. 45 & 46 Vict. c. 61.

(12) 27 & 28 Vict. c. 20. Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange (Ireland). The whole Act.

(13) 28 & 29 Vict. c. 46. Militia Ballots Suspension. The whole Act. 1 i i

(14) 28 & 29 Vict. c. 83. Locomotives on Roads. The whole Act. 41 & 42 Vict. c. 58. 41 & 42 Vict. c. 77. (Part II.)

a&) 29 A30 Vict. c. 52. Prosecution Expenses. The whole Act. I

a<3) 31 & 32 Vict. c. 125. Parliamentary Elections. So much as is continued by the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. | 42 & 43 Vict. c. 75. j 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51. ! i

(17) 32 & 33 Vict. c. 21. Election Commissioners Expenses. The whole Act. 34 & 35 Vict. c. 61. i

C8) 33 & 34 Vict. c. 112. Glebe Loans (Ireland). The whole Act. 34 & 35 Vict. c. 100, 41 Vict. c. 6.

(19) 34 & 35 Vict. c. 87. Sunday Observance Prosecutions. The whole Act. I 1

(20) 35 & 36 Vict. c. 33. Par- The whole Act. 45 & 46 Vict. c. 50.

liamentary and Municipal Elections (Ballot).

(Municipal tions.)

Elec-

588

Ch. 60. Expiring Laws Continuance, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

l.

Original Acts.

2.

How far continued.

3.

Amending Acts.

(21)

38 & 39 Vict. c. 84. Returning Officers Expenses.

(22)

39 & 40 Vict. c. 21. Juries (Ireland).

(23)

41 & 42 Vict. c. 41. Returning Officers Expenses (Scotland).

(24)

41 & 42 Vict. c. 72. Sale of Liquors on Sunday (Ireland).

(25)

43 Vict. c. 18. Parliamentary Elections.

(26)

43 & 44 Vict. c. 42. Employers Liability.

(27)

45 & 46 Vict. c. 59. Educational Endowments (Scotland).

(28)

46 & 47 Vict. c. 51. Corrupt and Illegal Prac-. tices Prevention.

(29)

46 & 47 Vict. c. 60. Labourers (Ireland).

(30)

47 & 48 Vict. c. 70. Municipal Elections (Corrupt and Illegal Practices).

(31)

49 & 50 Vict. c. 29. Crofters Holdings (Scotland).

. (32)

50 & 51 Vict. c. 33. Land Law (Ireland).

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

As to the powers of Her Majesty in Council and of the Scotch Education Department.

The whole Act.

The whole Act so far as it is not repealed.

The whole Act.

As to powers of Commissioners for enlargement of Holding, s. 22.

So much of section one as relates to the time within which applications under the section may be made.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 51, s. 32.

48 & 40 Vict. c. 62.

49 & 50 Vict. c. 57.

I 48 & 49 Vict. c. 62.

' 49 & 50 Vict. c. 58. 54 & 55 Vict. c. 49.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 77.

49 & 50 Vict. c. 59. 54 & 55 Vict. c. 48. 54 & 55 Vict. c. 71.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 24.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 63. 54 & 55 Vict. c. 41.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 13.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 59.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 48.

1892.

Expiring Laws Continuance, 1892. Ch. 60.

589

1. Original Acts. 2. How far continued. 3. Amending Acts.

(33) 51 & 52 Vict. 0.41. Local Government (England and Wales). As to power of making orders on application of County Council, s. 108 (3). —

(34) 51 & 52 Vict. c. 55. Sand Grouse Protection. The whole Act. —

Part II.

1. Original Act. 2. How far continued. 3. Amending Act.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 40. Welsh Intermediate Education. As to powers of Joint Education Committee and suspension of powers of Charity Commissioners. 53 & 54 Vict. c. 60.

Part III

1. 2. 3.

Original Act. How far continued. Amending Acts.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 5. Peace The whole Act so far as 49 & 50 Vict. c. 24.

Preservation (Ireland). it is not repealed. 50 & 51 Vict. c. 20.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

l. 2. 3.

Original Act. How far continued. Amending Acts.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 56. En- As to the powers of 36 & 37 Vict. c. 87.

dowed Schools (Schemes). making schemes and as to the payment of the 37 & 38 Vict. c. 87.

salaries of additional Charity Commissioners.

590

Ch. 60, 61. Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

1. Original Act. 1 2. How far continued. 3. Amending Act.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 50. Local Government (Scotland). 1 As to powers of Boundary Commissioners, s. 45 ! (o- 1 As to power of making orders on application of county council, s. 108 (2).

Grants for public works.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 16.

Reduction of minimum rate of interest on loans.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 89.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 77.

Certain debts not to be reckoned as assets of local loans fund.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 16.

Transfer of powers as to Irish Repro-

CHAPTER 61.

An Act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans.

[28th June 1892.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) For the purpose of local loans there may be issued by the National Debt Commissioners the following sums: —

(a.) For the purpose of loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of one million two hundred thousand pounds;

(6.) For the purpose of loans by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of eight hundred thousand pounds.

(2.) The sums so issued shall be issued during a period ending on the day on which a further Act granting moneys for the purposes of those loans comes into operation and in accordance with the provisions of the National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887.

2. Section ten of the Public Works Loans Act, 1875, and section two of the Public Works Loans Act, 1879 (which sections fix the minimum rate of interest on loans), shall, in their application to loans granted after the passing of this Act, have effect as if four per cent were therein substituted for five per cent.

3. Whereas it is expedient that the principal of the several local loans specified in the Schedule hereto should, to the extent of the amount specified in the last column of that schedule, not be reckoned as assets of the local loans fund established under the National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887, therefore the principal of the said loans shall, to that extent, be written off from the account of assets of the local loans fund, and the provisions of section fifteen of the said Act shall, so far as applicable, apply thereto.

4. Whereas by section thirty-five of the Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1891, the Irish Reproductive Loan Fund and the Sea

1892.

Public IF orka Lo Ac 1892. Ch. 61.

591

and Coast Fisheries Fund, including all moneys due on foot of loans ductive Loan and for interest, dividends, and other annual income payable on Sea

foot of such funds, save as in that section mentioned, were placed Fisheries Fund, at the disposal of the Congested Districts Board for Ireland for the 54 & 55 Vict. purposes of that Act, and it is expedient to confer on that Board c- 48 '

the powers and remedies for the recovery of the said moneys

possessed by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland; therefore, the Congested Districts Board for Ireland shall have and may exercise for the recovery of any money due on foot of loans made by them out of the funds aforesaid or otherwise payable on foot thereof all such powers and remedies as are possessed in that behalf by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, and a certificate under the hand of the secretary to the said Board stating the amount due in respect of any such loan together with interest

thereon and any costs and charges in respect of any such loan or the recovery thereof shall have the same effect as a like certificate under the seal of the said Commissioners.

5. The rules made by the Treasury under the Purchase of Land Power to alter (Ireland) Act, 1891, may prescribe tables for the redemption of [able m*1 annuities in substitution for the tables in the schedule to the 48 & 49 Vict. Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1885, and the tables so substituted c- "3-shall, as from the passing of the last-mentioned Act, have effect as if they had been contained in the said schedule.

6. In addition to any sum payable in respect of principal and Charge of interest under any loan hereafter created, or in respect of any rent- on^oans^by^ charge hereafter granted, by the Commissioners of Public Works Irish Board of in Ireland, there shall be paid to the said Commissioners one Works, shilling in the pound on the said sum as receiver's fees thereon, to be charged, payable, and recoverable in like manney as the said sum:Provided that this additional charge shall not be made if the amount due in respect of the loan is paid to the Commissioners, or as they direct, within thirty-one days next after the date at which it becomes due. Provided also that this additional charge shall not be made upon any person other than the person or persons liable for the amount due in respect of such loan, at the date or dates on which such loan became due.

7. Where the High Court in pursuance of section forty-nine of Enforcement the Landed Property Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1847, makes an order for the sale of lands charged with a rentcharge, the Court io & n Vict. may, on the application of the secretary to the Commissioners of c. 32. s. 49. Public Works in Ireland, or of other officer authorised by them in their behalf, or of the purchaser, order the sheriff to put the purchaser in possession of all or any of the lands sold not in the occupation of lessees, under-lessees, or tenants subject to whose leases, under-leases, or tenancies the sale has been made, and who have attorned to the purchaser within a time to be limited by the order, and the order shall be executed by the sheriff in like manner as a writ for the delivery of possession.

592

Ch. 61.

Public Works Loans Act, 1892. 55 & 56 Vict.

Incorporation of Commissioner* of Public Works.

[Short title.]

Section 8.

8. The Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland shall be a body corporate by that name with perpetual succession and a common seal, and power to hold land for the purposes of their duties, and all contracts or securities heretofore made with or given by them or their secretary, or any person on their behalf, shall be deemed to be made with or given to them as such body corporate, and not otherwise.

9. This Act may be cited as the Public Works Loans Act, 1892.

SCHEDULE.

PART I.

Loans by the Commissioners of Public Works, Ireland.

— Amount Advanced. Amount Repaid. I Amount ! Outstanding. I

£ a. d. £ s. d.

Loans under Land Improvement Act, (10 Vict. c. 32.).

William De Courcy - 500 0 0 2 4 3 497 15 9

Reverend R. Fitzgerald (representatives of) 1, 080 0 0 245 14 1 834 5 11

Samuel Green (representatives of) - 200 0 0 122 15 1 77 4 11

Daniel Keeffe (formerly Timothy

Murley) - 40 0 0 2 6 10 37 13 2

John McLamon ... 810 0 0 58 5 8 751 14 4

Loans under Arterial Drainage Acts.

C. B. Lander ... 510 6 2 153 18 6 356 7 8

Reverend W. Ireland 1, 097 12 2 3 0 8 1, 094 11 .6

Miss Massy ... 523 14 1 24 5 3 499 8 10

— Amount Advanced. Amount Written off under 51 & 52 Vict. c. 89. Amount Realised by Sale of Land. Amount ^Outstanding.

Clare Slob Reclamation. £ £ £ r i

Reclamation of waste lands - 180, 651 29, 151 265 101, 235

1892.

Public Works Loans , 1892. Ch. 61, 62.

593

PART II.

Loans by the Fishery Board for Scotland.

Loans to Fishermen under the Crofters Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1886 (49 & 50 Vict. c. 29.).

District. | Amount j Advanced. Amount Repaid and Realised from Sale of Boats. Amount Outstanding.

£ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d.

Helmsdale - 90 0 0 27 0 0 63 0 0

Lybster - - 424 0 0 270 0 1 153 19 11

Wick - - 2, 048 0 0 1, 177 4 2 870 15 10

Shetland - - 340 0 0 202 8 0 137 12 0

Stornoway - 1, 640 1 9 742 15 11 897 5 10

Barra - 628 0 0 267 19 5 360 0 7

Loch Broom - 395 0 0 136 1 5 258 18 7

CHAPTER 62.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Employment of Young Persons in Shops.

[28th June 1892.]

WHEREAS the health of many young persons employed in shops and warehouses is seriously injured by reason of the length of the period of employment:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Shop Hours Act, 1892.

2. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of Commence-September one thousand eight hundred and ninety-two. ment of Act

3. — (1.) No young person shall be employed in or about a shop Hours of for a longer period than seventy-four hours, including meal times, employment in any one week. p

(2.) No young person shall to the knowledge of his employer be employed in or about a shop having been previously on the same day employed in any factory or workshop, as defined by the Factory and Workshop Act, 1878, for the number of hours per- J1 42 vict* mitted by the said Act or for a longer period than will together with ' the time during which he has been so previously employed complete such number of hours.

P p

r '

594

Ch. 62.

Shop Hours Act, 1892.

55 & 56 Vict.

Notice of hours to be given.

Fine for employing persons contrary to the Act.

Power of occupier to exempt himself from fine on conviction of actual offender.

Summary

proceedings.

Appointment of inspectors.

Interpretation.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 16.

4. In every shop in which a young person is employed a notice shall be kept exhibited by the employer in a conspicuous place referring to the provisions of this Act and stating the number of hours in the week during which a young person may lawfully be employed in that shop.

5. Where any young person is employed in or about a shop contrary to the provisions of this Act, the employer shall be liable to a fine not exceeding one pound for each person so employed.

6. Where the employer of any young person is charged with an offence against this Act, he shall be entitled upon information duly laid by him to have any other person whom he charges as the actual offender brought before the court at the time appointed for hearing the charge; and if, after the commission of the offence has been proved, the said employer proves to the satisfaction of the court that he has used due diligence to enforce the execution of the Act, and that the said other person has committed the offence in question without his knowledge, consent, or connivance^ the said other person shall be summarily convicted of such offence, and the occupier shall be exempt from any fine.

7. All offences under this Act shall be prosecuted, and all fines under this Act shall be recovered, in like manner as offences and fines are prosecuted and recovered under the Factory and Workshop Act, 1878, and sections eighty-eight, eighty-nine, ninety, and ninety-one of the said Act, and so much of section ninety-two thereof as relates to evidence respecting the age of any person, and the provisions relating to the application of the said Act to Scotland and Ireland, so far as those provisions are applicable, shall have effect as if re-enacted in this Act and in terms made applicable thereto.

8. The council of any county or borough, and in the city of London the common council, may appoint such inspectors as they may think necessary for the execution of this Act within the areas of their respective jurisdictions, and sections sixty-eight and seventy of the Factory and Workshop Act, 1878, shall apply in the case of any such inspector as if he were appointed under that Act, and as if the expression workshop as used in those sections included any shop within the meaning of this Act.

The powers conferred by this section may be exercised in Ireland by the council of any municipal borough and by the commissioners of any town or township.

9. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires —

" Shop" means retail and wholesale shops, markets, stalls, and warehouses in which assistants are employed for hire, and includes licensed public-houses and refreshment houses of any kind:

" Young person" means a person under the age of eighteen years:

Other words and expressions have the same meanings respectively us in the Factory and Workshop Act, 1878.

1892.

Shop Hours Act, 1892. Ch. 62, , 63.

595

10. Nothing in this Act shall apply to a shop whe'-e the only Exemption of persons employed are members of the same family, dwelling in the ^bfamiiythe building of which the shop forms part or to which the shop is and servants, attached, or to members of the employer's family so dwelling, or to any person wholly employed as a domestic servant.

CHAPTER 63.

An Act to explain and amend the Local Taxation (Customs and Excise) Act, 1890, with respect to Contributions for Technical Instruction in Scotland.

[28th June 1892.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. A local authority making contributions for the purposes of Power* of local technical education in Scotland under the provisions of section £omribmiont0 two of the Local Taxation (Customs and Excise) Act, 1890, may for technical do so in any one or more of the following ways; that is to say:— infraction.

a. In making provision in aid of technical or manual instruc- c. 36o. $!^1Ct

tion supplied in schools or institutions within or without its district, provided that if the schools and institutions so aided be without the district they shall be accessible and convenient Application of to the inhabitants of the district: contributions

dv local

b. In providing, or assisting in providing, scholarships or bursaries authority.

for, or in paying, or assisting in paying, the fees of students ordinarily resident in the district of the local authority at schools or institutions whether within or without that district:

c. In providing, or assisting in providing, school-books and apparatus, and salaries for teachers of technical and manual instruction, either within the district or accessible to the inhabitants thereof:

d. In founding, or assisting in founding, new institutions for

technical and manual instruction:

c. In making contributions to the governing bodies or managers

of schools or institutions within the district of the local authority for the promotion of technical education, or technical and manual instruction, under the Technical Schools (Scotland) so & 51 Vict. Act, 1887, or this Act, subject to such terms or conditions c- 64* as may be agreed upon between the local authority and any such governing body or managers: Provided always that no money so contributed shall be paid in respect of any scholar in a public or state-aided school who has not obtained a certificate ty^cler section seventy-three of the Education 35 & 36 Vict. (Scotland) 1872, as amended by section seven of the c* 6?* Educatioo ^tland) Act, 1883. f*.' '

L *

596

Cff. 63.

Schools, &c. to which contributions may he made.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 59.

Application of balances.

Interpretation of terms.

Saving.

[Short title.]

Technical Instruction Amendment 55 & 56 VICT. (Scotland) , 1892.

2. The schools and institutions to which contributions may be made by a local authority under this Act shall include schools and institutions under the management of —

i. A school board; or

ii. A governing body constituted under a scheme approved under

the Educational Endowments (Scotland) Act, 1882; or

iii. Any governing body or managers approved of by the Scotch

Education Department.

3. Any moneys directed by resolution of a local authority to be appropriated for the purposes of technical or manual instruction, shall, although not expended or specifically allotted in whole or in part before the end of the financial year, remain applicable for such purposes, subject to the orders of the local authority.

4. In this Act —

The expression "local authority includes the county councils of counties and town councils acting as such or as police commissioners of burghs, and police commissioners of police burghs in Scotland:

The expression "technical instruction" means instruction in the principles of science and art applicable to industries, and in the application of special branches of science and art to specific industries or employments. It shall not include teaching the practice of any trade, or industry, or employment, but, save as aforesaid, shall include instruction in the branches of science and art with respect to which grants are for the time being made by the Department of Science and Art, and any other form of instruction (including modern languages and commercial and agricultural subjects) which may for the time being be sanctioned by that department, or by the Scotch Education Department, by a minute laid before Parliament, and made on the representation of a local authority that such a form of instruction is required by the circumstances of its district:

The expression "manual instruction" shall mean instruction in the use of tools, processes of agriculture, and modelling in clay, wood, or other material.

5. Nothing contained in this Act shall prejudice or abridge the powers conferred on local authorities by the Technical Schools (Scotland) Act, 1887, or by the Local Taxation (Customs and Excise) Act, 1890.

6. This Act may be cited as the Technical Instruction Amendment (Scotland) Act, 1892.

1892.

597

Witnesses (Public Inquiries) Protection Ch. 64.

Act, 1892.

CHAPTER 64.

An Act for the better Protection of Witnesses giving Evidence before any Royal Commission or any Committee of either House of Parliament, or on other Public Inquiries.

[28th June 1892.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. In this Act the word "inquiry " shall mean any inquiry held Definition, under the authority of any Royal Commission or by any committee of either House of Parliament, or pursuant to any statutory authority, whether the evidence at such inquiry is or is not given on oath, but shall not include any inquiry by any court of justice.

2. Every person who commits any of the following acts, that is Persons to say, who threatens, or in any way punishes, damnifies, or injures, °C

or attempts to punish, damnify, or injure, any person for having witnesses'"8 given evidence upon any inquiry, or on account of the evidence ftuilty of nris-which he has given upon any such inquiry, shall, unless such demettnor-evidence was given in bad faith, be guilty of a misdemeanor, and be liable upon conviction thereof to a maximum penalty of one hundred pounds, or to a maximum imprisonment of three months.

3. A prosecution for any offence under this Act may be heard Prosecution of and determined by a court of summary jurisdiction under the offences* Summary Jurisdiction Acts, provided that should either the complainant or the party charged object to the case being dealt with summarily, the court shall send such case for trial to the quarter sessions or assizes, or in cases arising within the metropolitan area to the central criminal court.

4. It shall be lawful for any court before which any person may Court to have be convicted of any offence under this Act, if it thinks fit, in addition to sentence or punishment by way of fine or imprisonment, pen&aUon to to condemn such person to pay the whole or any part, of the costs party ag-and expenses incurred in and about the prosecution and conv iction ^rrieve<1, for the offence of which he shall be convicted, and, upon the application of the complainant, and immediately after such conviction, to award to complainant any sum of money which it may think reasonable, having regard to all the circumstances of the case, by way of satisfaction or compensation for any loss of situation, wages, status, or other damnification or injury suffered by the complainant through or by means of the offence of which such person shall be so convicted, provided that where the case is tried before a jury, such jury shall determine what amount, if any, is to be paid by way of satisfaction or compensation.

598

Costs and compensation to be a judgment debt.

Application to Scotland.

Saving.

[Short title.]

Short title and application.

Tenant may by agreement be substituted for proprietor of land in drainage district.

Tenant may be substituted for proprietor by Board of Works in certain cases.

Ch. 64, 65. Witnesses (Public Inquiries) Protection 55 & 56 Vict.

Act, 1892.

5. The amount awarded for such satisfaction or compensation, together with such costs, to be taxed by the proper officer of the court, shall be deemed a judgment debt due to the person entitled to receive the same from the person so convicted, and be recoverable accordingly.

6. In the application of this Act to Scotland the following modifications shall have effect: —

(1.) A court of summary jurisdiction means the sheriff.

(2.) If the complainant or the party charged, as in section three of this Act mentioned, objects to the case being dealt with summarily, it shall be sent for trial by the sheriff with a jury, or by the High Court of Justiciary, as Her Majesty's Advocate shall direct.

(3.) Judgment debt means a civil debt, and such debt may be recovered in any competent court.

7. Nothing in this Act contained shall in any way lessen or affect any power or privilege possessed by either House of Parliament, or any power given by statute in the premises.

8. This Act may be cited as the Witnesses (Public Inquiries) Protection Act, 1892.

CHAPTER 65.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Drainage and Improvement of Land in Ireland, and for other purposes.

[28th June 1892.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Drainage and Improvement of Land (Ireland) Act, 1892, and shall extend to Ireland only.

2. Where, in the case of any land included in any drainage district proposed to be constituted pursuant to the provisions of the Drainage Acts, the proprietor of the said land and the person occupying the same as tenant so agree, such tenant shall for the purposes of the said Acts be substituted for the proprietor.

3. If, within the time limited for making objections to the report of the inspector sent by the Board of Works to make inquiries respecting the proposed formation of any drainage district pursuant to the provisions of the Drainage Acts, the proprietor of a uy land included within the proposed district dissents from or does not assent to the formation of such district, the person occupying such land as tenant may apply to the Board of Works to be substituted for the proprietor for the purposes of the said Acts; and if, after

1892.

Dminaye and Improvement Land

(Ireland) 1892. Ch. 65.

599

the Board of Works have served on the said proprietor notice of the said application, the said proprietor does not within a period to be prescribed by such notice assent to the formation of the district, the Board of Works, after hearing any objection made by the said proprietor, and any other person having an estate or interest in the land, and on its appearing to them —

(a) that the drainage works proposed to be executed will effect immediately or prospectively an increase in the annual value of the said land proportionate to the sums likely to be charged thereon in respect of the cost of the said works and the maintenance and repair thereof; and

(b) that the amount likely to be charged on the said land as aforesaid, or a substantial part thereof, is likely to become payable during the continuance of the tenancy under which the person occupying the said land as tenant holds the same,

and having regard generally to the justice of the case may, if they think fit, by order direct that such tenant shall, for the purposes of the said Acts, other than the right to dissent herein-after mentioned, be substituted for the proprietor of the said land, provided that, notwithstanding such substitution, the proprietor shall retain the right to dissent from the formation of the drainage district, and if he dissents shall be reckoned among the dissenting proprietors for the purpose of the proviso to section four of the Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act, 1878.

4. Where in pursuance of this Act the tenant of any land is substituted for the proprietor thereof for the purposes of the Drainage Acts, such tenant, and every person in whom the tenancy under which he holds the said land at the time of such substitution is for the time being vested, shall, save as aforesaid, for the purposes of the said Acts, during the continuance of such tenancy, and in respect of the said land, be vested with all the rights and be subject to all the liabilities and obligations of a proprietor; and the proprietor shall, during the same period, be divested of such rights and exempt from such liabilities and obligations; but on the determination of the said tenancy the subsequent provisions of this Act in that behalf shall have effect.

5. The notice required to be served on the proprietor of any Mode of land in pursuance of the provisions of this Act may be served in

like manner as the notice to proprietors referred to in the first

sub-section of the sixth section of the Drainage and Improvement 26 & 27 Vict.

of Lands Act (Ireland), 1868, is therein required to be served; c. 88.

provided that where any notice is served on the agent of the person required to be served pursuant to the provisions of the said Acts, or of this Act, such service need not be personal, but

may be effected on such agent by leaving the notice at the usual

place of abode or at the office or place of business of such agent,

or by forwarding the same by post in a prepaid letter addressed to

the usual place of abode or the office or place of business of such

agent.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 59.

Tenant substituted for proprietor to have rights and liabilities of proprietor.

600

Ch. 65.

Effect of rentcharge* created under Drainage Acta.

Application of 44 & 45 Vict c. 49.

Amendment of 44 & 45 Vict. c. 49. a. 31, as to advances to occupiers of land.

Amendment of 10 & 11 Vict. c. 32. s. 26, as to amount of loan.

Power for recovery of drainage charges.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 41.

Power to apportion liability for maintenance of drainage works.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 39.

Drainage and Improvement of Land 55 & 56 VICT. (Ireland) Act, 1892.

6. Where a rentcharge is hereafter created for the repayment of money advanced under the Drainage Acts, then on the cesser or determination of any fee farm grant, lease, or tenancy from year to year, the tenant under which is liable to the payment of such rentcharge, the same shall, notwithstanding anything in the said Acts, be a charge on each successive estate in the land in remainder or reversion according as it comes into possession up to and including the fee simple and inheritance in priority to all charges except quitrents, rentcharges in lieu of tithes, and any charges prior in date and created under any Act for the improvement or drainage of lauds.

7. For the purposes of this Act the words "tenant" and "tenancy" shall have the same meaning as in the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881, and the provisions of that Act respecting the determination of a tenancy shall apply in the case of a tenancy to which the provisions of this Act are applicable.

8. The power given to the Treasury by section thirty-one of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881, to declare the provisions of the Landed Property Improvement (Ireland) Act, applicable to advances to occupiers under that section may be exercised from time to time as occasion requires, and any declaration made under that power may as to any subsequent advance modify any previous declaration so made.

9. Notwithstanding anything in section twenty-six of the Landed Property Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1847, any loan for the erection of buildings under that Act and under the Acts amending and extending the same may be for any sum not less than fifty pounds.

10. Sub-sections one, two, three, five, and six of section forty-four of the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act, 1881, shall apply to a rentcharge created under the Drainage Acts not exceeding the annual amount of five pounds, whether created before or after the passing of this Act.

11. Where any land is liable to pay a proportion of a maintenance rate under the Drainage Acts or any other Act relating to drainage of land in Ireland, the Board of Works shall have the like power of apportioning that liability between different portions of the land as they have of apportioning a rentcharge under section six of the Public Works Loans Act, 1888, save that the consent of the Treasury shall not be required to any such apportionment, and any such portion of land si jail not be liable to the maintenance rate further than is determined by the certificate of the Board of Works setting forth such apportionment.

The persons appointed to collect any maintenance rate shall have for the collection thereof all powers possessed by the collectors of county cess for the collection of that cess, provided that an occupier of land paying rent for the same shall not be liable by virtue of the provisions of this section with respect to the collection

1892.

Drainage and Improvement of Land Ch. 65.

(Ireland) Act, 1892.

601

of such rate to pay any larger amount than is for the time being due from him in respect of the rent of the land, and may deduct any amount so paid from any rent payable by him.

12. In this Act the expression "Board of Works" means Definitions, the Commissioners ot Public Works in Ireland; the expression 26 & 27 Vict. " Drainage Acts" means the Drainage and Improvement of Lands c- 88> (Ireland) Act, 1863, and the Acts amending the same, including this Act; and the expression "maintenance rate" means the sum for which a drainage board assesses rates and taxes the proprietors of the land, for the purpose of maintaining and upholding all and singular the drains, water-courses, banks, sluices, flood-gates, tunnels, water-gates, buildings, bridges, and other works, and of supplying all things that may be required to work the same, and for the payment of all necessary expenses of maintenance of works of drainage, water-power, and all other expenses incident thereto, and all costs, charges, and liabilities from time to time properly incurred by them in the execution of the Drainage Acts or any other Act relating to drainage of land in Ireland.

---

APPENDIX AND INDEX

CONTENTS.

Page

Table of the Titles of the Local and Private Acts Passed during the Session - 605

Table showing the Effects of the Year's Legislation on Public General Acts - 630

Table of the Local and Private Acts arranged in Classes - 640

Index to the Public General Acts - 652

605

A

TABLE

OF

The Titles of the Local and Private Acts passed during the Session

55 & 56 VICTORIA — A.D. 1892.

LOCAL ACTS.

The Titled to which the Letter P. prefixed are Public Acts of a Local Character.

Royal Assent, 20th May 1892.

i. AN Act to amend the Agreement scheduled to and confirmed by the Hull and Barnsley and South Yorkshire Junction Railways Act 1891 and to enable the South Yorkshire Junction Railway Company to raise further money and for other purposes. (South Yorkshire Junction Railway.)

ii. An Act for the abandonment of the Welshpool and Llanfair Railway. (Welshpool and Llanfair Railway (Abandonment).)

iii. An Act to confer further powers on the City of Glasgow Life Assurance Company and for other purposes. (City of Glasgow Life Assurance Company's.)

iv. An Act for more effectually vesting in the Trustees for the time being of the National Penny Bank Limited Securities and other Property representing Moneys received by the Bank on Deposit Accounts and for other purposes. (National Penny Bank Limited.)

v. An Act to enable the East and West India Dock Company to raise and apply capital in extinguishing or meeting certain liabilities and to amend the scheme of arrangement between the Company and their creditors filed in the High Court and for other purposes. (East and West India Dock Company's.)

vi. An Act for amending the Royal Bank of Scotland Officers Widows Fund Acts, 1870 and 1878. (Royal Bank of Scotland Officers Widows Fund (Amendment).)

vii. An Act for enlarging the powers of the Caledonian Insurance Company and for amending the Company's Acts of 1846 and 1880; and for other purposes. (Caledonian Insurance Company's.)

viii. An Act to consolidate the Acts relating to the Railway Passengers Assurance Company and to make new provisions for the government of the Company and the management of its affairs and for other purposes. (Railway Passengers Assurance (Consolidation).)

ix. An Act to authorise the Bristol Gas Company to purchase lands to erect works for the storage of gas to sell certain lands and for other purposes. (Bristol Gas Company's.)

x. An Act to authorise the East Indian Railway Company to establish and maintain a sinking fund for the benefit of the deferred annuity holders a sinking fund for the benefit of the annuitants of Class A to amend the East Indian Railway Company Purchase Act 1879 and for other purposes. (Indian Railway Company Sinking Fund.)

xi. An Act to extend the time for the completion of the Railway authorised by the Cathcart District Railway Act 1887. (Cathcart District Railway (Extension of Time).)

xii. An Act for the abandonment of the Clyde Ardrishaig and Crinan Railway. (Clyde, Ardrishaig, and Crinan Railway (Abandonment))

xiii. An Act to empower the Corporation of Barrow-in-Furness to make additional Waterworks and for other purposes. (Barrow-in-Furness Corporation Water.)

xiv. An Act to regulate the Capital of the Neuchatel Asphalte Company Limited and for other purposes. (Neuchatel Asphalte Company Limited.)

xv. An Act to extend the objects of and confer further powers on the North British and Mercantile Insurance Company and to amend in divers respects the Acts relating to the Company. (North British and Mercantile Insurance Company's.)

xvi. An Act for the abandonment of the Railways authorised by the Felixstowe and Bawdsey Ferry Railway Act 1887. (Felixstowe and Bawdsey Ferry Railway (Abandonment).)

xvii. An Act for conferring further powers on the Scottish Union and National Insurance Company, and for amending the Acts which regulate the Company; and for other purposes. (Scottish Union and National Insurance Company's.)

xviii. An Act to amend and define the borrowing powers of the Rathmines and Rathgar Improvement Commissioners to enable the Commissioners to borrow an additional sum of money and for other purposes. (Rathmines and Rathgar Township.)

xix. An Act for the granting of further powers to the Oxford Gas Light and Coke Company. (Oxford Gas.)

xx. An Act for the abandonment of the Holsworthy and Bude Railway. (Holsworthy and Bude Railway (Abandonment).)

xxi. An Act to empower the Ardrossan Harbour Company to raise further moneys. (Ardrossan Harbour.)

xxii. An Act for conferring further powers on the Corporation of Lancaster with respect to Lancaster Marsh. (Lancaster Marsh.)

xxiii. An Act to provide for the transfer of Stourport Bridge at Stourport in the County of Worcester to the County Council of that County and for other purposes. (Stourport Bridge Transfer.)

xxiv. An Act to enable the Liverpool United Gaslight Company to erect Works for the Storage of Gas on additional Lands and to confer further powers on the Company. (Liverpool United Gaslight Company's.)

xxv. An Act to effect the drainage of certain Mines and Mineral Lands in the Counties of Flint and Denbigh and for other purposes. (Llanarmon District Mines Drainage.)

xxvi. An Act to empower the Local Board for the district of Southborough in the county of Kent to supply their district and other places with gas and for other purposes. (Southborough Local Board (Gas).)

xxvii. An Act for conferring further powers on the Tees Conservancy Commissioners with respect to the improvement and regulation of the River Tees for enabling the Commissioners to raise further moneys for amending the Tee3 Conservancy Acts and for other purposes. (Tees Conservancy.)

xxviii. An Act to extend the time for the completion of the Railways authorised by the Dundee Suburban Railway Act 1884 and the Dundee Suburban Railway Act 1889 and for other purposes. (Dundee Suburban Railuay.)

xxix. An Act to confirm certain special resolutions for dividing the Share Capital of John Crossley and Sons Limited into Preference Shares and Ordinary Shares and for other purposes. (John Crossley and Sons Limited.)

xxx. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Borough Market (Southwark) to borrow money and for other purposes (Borough Market (Southwark).)

P. xxxi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Merchant Shipping Act Amendment Act, 1862, relating to the Pilotage District of Swansea. (Pilotage Order Confirmation.)

P. xxxii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the Town of Larne. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. xxxiii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Birchington, Colwyn Bay, Llandudno, Penarth, and Plymouth. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. xxxiv. An Act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the Application or Management of the Charity of Samuel Sunderland, in the Parish of Bingley, in the West Riding of the County of York. (Samuel Sunderland Charity Scheme Confirmation.)

Royal Assent, 20th June 1892.

xxxv. An Act for the abandonment of the St. Austell Valleys Railway and Dock. (St. Austell Valleys Railway and Dock (Abandonment).)

P. xxxvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts, 1882 to 1890, relating to the Burgh of Govan. (Electric Lighting Order Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. xxxvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts, 1882 and 1888, relating to Aberystwyth, Ashton-under-Lyne Halifax, Harwich, Limerick, and Maidstone, (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. xxxviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts, 1882 and 1888, relating to Kilkenny, Newbury, Sutton (Surrey), West Ham, and Woking (Horsell and Chertsey). (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. xxxix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the Abbotsbury Railway Company, and certain other Railway Companies. (Railway Rates and Charges, No. 1 (Abbotsbury Railway, &c.) Order Confirmation.)

P. xl. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the Brecon and Merthyr Tydfil Junction Railway Company, and certain other Railway Companies. (Railway Rates and Charges, No. 2 (Brecon and Merthyr Tydfil Junction Railway, &c.) Order Confirmation.)

P. xli. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the Cambrian Railway Company, and certain other Railway Companies. (Railway Rates and Charges, No. 3 (Cambrian Railway, &c.) Order Confirmation)

P. xlii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the Cleator and Workington Junction Railway Company, and certain other Railway Companies. (Railway Rates and Charges, No. 4 (Cleator and Workington Junction Railway, &c.) Order Confirmation.)

P. xliii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the East London Railway Company, and certain other Railway Companies. (Railway Rates and Charges, No, 5 (East London Railway, &c.) Order Confirmation.)

P. xliv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable theretp, of the Festiniog Railway Company, and certain other Railway Companies. (Railway Rates and Charges, No. 6 (Festiniog Railway, &c.) Order Confirmation.)

P. xlv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the Furness Railway Company and the London and North Western and Furness Railway Companies' Joint Railways. (Railway Rates and Charges, No. 7 (Furness Railway, &c.) Order Confirmation.)

P. xlvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the Hull, Barnsley, and West Riding Junction Railway Company. (Railway Rates and Charges, No. 8 (Hull, Barnsley, and West Riding Junction Railway) Order Confirmation.)

P. xlvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the Isle of Wight Railway Company, and certain other Railway Companies. (Railway Rates and Charges, No. 9 (Isle of Wight Railway, &c.) Order Confirmation.)

P. xlviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company, and certain other Railway Companies. (Railway Rates and Charges, No. 10 (Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway, &c.) Order Confirmation.)

P. xlix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the London, Tilbury, and Southend Railway Company, and certain other Railway Companies. (Railway Rates and Charges, No. 11 (London, Tilbury and Southend Railway, &c.) Order Confirmation.)

P. l. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company, and certain other Railway Companies. (Railway Rates and Charges, No. 12 (Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway, &c.) Order Confirmation.)

P. li. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the Metropolitan Railway Company, and certain other Railway Companies. (Railway Rates and Charges, No. 13 (Metropolitan Railway, &c.) Order Confirmation.)

P. lii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the Midland and South Western Junction Railway Company, and certain other Railway Companies. (Railway Rates and Charges, No. 14 (Midland and South Western Junction Railway, &c.) Order Confirmation.)

P. liii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the North Eastern Railway Company, and certain other Railway Companies. (Railway Rates and Charges, No. 15 (North Eastern Railway, &c.) Order Confirmation.)

P. liv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the North London Railway Company. (Railway Rates and Charges, No. 16 (North London Railway) Order Confirmation.)

P. lv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the North Staffordshire Railway Company, and certain other Railway Companies. (Railway Rates and Charges, No. 17 (North Staffordshire Railway, &c.) Order Confirmation.)

P. lvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the Taff Vale Railway Company, and certain other Railway Companies. (Railway Rates and Charges, No. 18 (Taff Vale Railway, &c.) Order Confirmation.)

P. lvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the Caledonian Railway Company, and certain other Railway Companies. (Railway Rates and Charges, No. 19 (Caledonian Railway, &c.) Order Confirmation.)

P. lviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the Callander and Oban Railway Company. (Railway Rates and Charges, No. 20 (Callander and Oban Railway) Order Confirmation.)

P. lix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the City of Glasgow Union Railway Company. (Railway Rates and Charges, No. 21 (City of Glasgow Union Railway) Order Confirmation.)

P. lx. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the Glasgow and South Western Railway Company, and certain other Railway Companies. (Railway Rates and Charges, No. 22 (Glasgow and South Western Railway, &c.) Order Confirmation.)

P. lxi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the Great North of Scotland Railway Company. (Railway Rates and Charges, No. 23 (Great North of Scotland Railway) Order Confirmation.)

P. lxii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 188S, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the Highland Railway Company. (Railway Rates and Charges, No. 24 (Highland Railway) Order Confirmation.)

P. lxiii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the North British Railway Company, and certain other Railway Companies. (Railway Rales and No. 25 (North British Railway, &c.) Order Confirmation.)

P. lxiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the Athenry and Ennis Junction Railway Company, and certain other Railway Companies. (Railway Rates and Charges, No. 26 (Athenry and Ennis Junction, &c.) Order Confirmation.)

P. lxv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867, relating to Milnathort Water. (Milnathort Water Supply Confirmation.)

P. lxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, relating to Cullingworth Gas, Kempston Gas, Mitcham and Wimbledon District Gas, South Normanton and Blackwell Gas, and Sutton and Hooton District Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. lxvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Canna, Fleetwood, Mevagissey, and Newlyn. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. lxviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Bethesda, Bolton, Buxton, Eye, Lowestoft, Nottingham, Oswaldtwistle, Reading, and Wigan. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation.)

P. lxix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Barnsley, Halifax, Keighley, and Wigan. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. lxx. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Acton, Bridgend, Lincoln, New Windsor, Rawdon, Sale, and Stapleton. (Local Government Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. lxxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Halifax, Milford, Northampton, Rochdale, Tenterden, and Wigan. (Local Government Boards Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. lxxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Dover, Merthyr Tydfil, Plymouth, and Torquay. (Local Government Boards Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

P. lxxiii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867, relating to Bathgate Water. (Bathgate Water Supply Confirmation.)

P. lxxiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the County Council of Gloucester under the Allotments Act, 1887, relating to the Parish of Abson-with-Wick, in the Rural Sanitary District of the Chipping Sodbury Union. (Allotments Provisional Order Confirmation.)

P. lxxv. An Act to confirm two Provisional Orders made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the towns of Dundalk and Bangor. (Local Government Board Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 6).)

P. lxxvi. An Act to enable the Secretary of State for the War Department to purchase certain lands in or near Dublin for the Improvement of the Wellington and Beggars Bush Barracks at Dublin respectively. (Dublin Barracks Improvement.)

lxxvii. An Act to authorise the Corporation of London to borrow and reborrow under the Local Loans Act 1875. (Corporation of London (Loans).)

lxxviii. An Act to empower the Lanarkshire and Ayrshire Railway Company to raise further moneys to enable the Caledonian Railway Company to make additional advances to the Company by way of Loan or by Subscription for Shares or otherwise and for other purposes. (Lanarkshire and Ayrshire Railway.)

lxxix. An Act for the abandonment of the Eastbourne Seaford and Newhaven Railway. (Eastbourne Seaford and Newhaven Railway (Abandonment).)

lxxx. An Act to confer further powers upon the Mold Gas and Water Company to empower them to raise additional Capital and for other purposes. (Mold Water.)

lxxxi. An Act for conferring further powers on the Southend Gas Company for the construction of Works the raising of money and for other purposes. (Southend Gas.)

lxxxii. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Metropolitan Railway Company in relation to their own and other Undertakings and for authorising Agreements with other Companies and Bodies and for other purposes. (Metropolitan Railway.)

lxxxiii. An Act to authorise the transfer of the Undertaking of the Cleator Moor Gas Company Limited to the Cleator Moor Local Board and for other purposes. (Cleator Moor Local Board (Gas).)

lxxxiv. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Harbour of Dundee; and for other purposes. (Dundee Harbour (Amendment).)

lxxxv. An Act to confer further powers of control over the seashoro of the local government district of Waterloo with Seaforth in the County of Lancaster to make better provision . in regard to streets and buildings and for other purposes. (Waterloo with Seaforth Local Board.)

lxxxvi. An Act for the abandonment of part of the Rossendale Valley Tramways and for other purposes. (Rossendale Valley Tramways (Abandonment).)

lxxxvii. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation of the River Medway and to provide for the management and constitution of the Company and to change the name of the Company and for other purposes. (Medway (upper) Navigation.)

lxxxviii. An Act to authorise the Local Board for the District of Tredegar to construct additional Waterworks and for other purposes. (Tredegar Waterworks.)

lxxxix. An Act to extend the periods now respectively limited for completing and opening certain tramways authorised to be constructed by the Folkestone Sandgate and Hythe Tramways Company and for other purposes. (Folkestone, Sandgate and Hythe Tramways.)

xc. An Act to authorise the Ormskirk Gas Light Company to extend their limits of supply to raise additional Capital to acquire additional Lands and for other purposes. (Ormskirk Gaslight.)

xci. An Act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Preston to borrow additional moneys for the purposes of the Ribble Navigation and Preston Dock Undertaking. (Ribble Navigation.)

xcii. An Act to enable the Provost Magistrates and Town Council of the Burgh of Kilmarnock to acquire the Undertaking of the Kilmarnock Water Company to construct Waterworks and supply Water to the said Burgh and places adjacent and for other purposes. (Kilmarnock Corporation Water.)

xciii. An Act for enabling the Select Vestry of the Parish of Saint Margaret in the Borough and County of Leicester to sell and otherwise deal with a piece of Land known as "the Parish Piece" and for empowering the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the said Borough to purchase a portion thereof for the purpose of a Recreation Ground and for providing for the application of the Proceeds of such Sale and for confirming a Charitable Scheme in connexion therewith and for other purposes. (Saint Margaret's Leicester Select Vestry (Parish Piece).)

xciv. An Act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Ipswich to acquire the Undertaking of the Ipswich Waterworks Company and to supply water to the said Borough to issue Corporation Stock and for other purposes. (Ipswich Corporation (Purchase of Waterworks).)

xcv. An Act to confer further powers on the Southport and Cheshire Lines Extension Railway Company and for other purposes. (Southport and Cheshire Lines Extension Railway.)

xcvi. An Act for the abandonment of the Porthdinlleyn Bail way. (Porthdinlleyn Railway (Abandonment).)

xcvii. An Act to alter the names of the Union Society and the Union Life Office to repeal certain provisions of an Act of 1815 relating to the Enrolment of Memorials of the names of Members of the Society and Office in the High Court of Chancery and to provide for the keeping of a register in lieu thereof and for other purposes. (Union Assurance Society's.)

xcviii. An Act for vesting the Ayrshire and Wigtownshire Railway in the Glasgow and South Western Railway Company for Vesting the Bridge Street Station Glasgow in the Caledonian Railway Company and for other purposes. (Glasgow and South Western Railway (Ayrshire and Wigtownshire Railway and Bridge Street Joint Station Glasgow)).)

xcix. An Act to enable the London Chatham and Dover Railway Company to make agreements with the Dover Harbour Board and for other purposes. (London Chatham and Dover Railway.)

c. An Act for conferring further powers on the South Eastern Railway Company and upon the Cranbrook and Paddock Wood Railway Company and for other purposes. (South Eastern Railway.)

ci. An Act for conferring further powers on the Halifax High Level Railway Company in relation to their Undertaking and for other purposes. (Halifax High Level Railway.)

cii. An Act for constructing a Tunnel under the River Medina with approaches thereto to connect East and West Cowes and for other purposes. (Medina Tunnel.)

ciii. An Act to revive and extend the time for purchasing lands and completing the North Pembrokeshire and Fishguard Railway and for other purposes. (North Pembrokeshire and Fishguard Railway.)

civ. An Act to confer further powers on the East Grinstead Gas and Water Company and for other purposes. (East Grinstead Gas and Water.)

cv. An Act for regulating the rating of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal and for other purposes. (Leeds and Liverpool Canal.)

cvi. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Rhyl District Water Company and for other purposes. (Rhyl District Water.)

cvii. An Act for the transfer of the Navigation from the Hythe at Colchester to Wivenhoe in the County of Essex to the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Colchester and for altering the Boundaries of the Wards of the said Borough. (Colchester Corporation.)

cviii. An Act to authorise the Pontypridd Waterworks Company to construct additional Waterworks for better supplying their district with water and for other purposes. (Pontypridd Waterworks.)

cix. An Act to extend the time for the purchase of Lands for and for the completion of the Mumbles Railway and Pier. (Mumbles Railway and Pier,) .

cx. An Act to authorise the Glasgow Police Commissioners to reconstruct Glasgow Bridge and for other purposes. (Glasgow Bridge.)

cxi. An Act to authorise the Commissioners of the Glasgow Corporation Waterworks to construct Deviations of their Aqueduct and Works in the Counties of Perth and Stirling and for other purposes. (Glasgow Corporation Waterworks.)

cxii. An Act to extend the time for the construction of certain authorised Railways and to authorise the Liverpool Overhead Railway Company to make certain Extension Railways and for other purposes. (Liverpool Overhead Railway)

cxiii. An Act for enabling the Great Southern and Western Railway Company to execute certain Works and acquire certain Lands to purchase the Undertaking of the Kanturk and Newmarket Railway Company to raise further Capital by Debenture Stock and for other purposes. (Great Southern and Western Railway.)

cxiv. An Act for rendering valid certain Letters Patent granted to William Horsfall for a new or improved Construction of Furnace for burning Towns' or other refuse. (Horsfall's Patent.)

cxv. An Act for rendering valid certain Letters Patent granted to George Henry Nussey and William Bradshaw Leachman (1) for Improvements in Machinery or Apparatus for pressing and tentering Woollen and other Woven or Felted Fabrics (2) for Improvements in Machinery or Apparatus for pressing Woollen and other Woven or Felted Fabrics and (3) to the said George Henry Nussey for an Improved Knitted Fabric. (Nussey and Leachman's and Nussey's Patents.)

cxvi. An Act for rendering valid certain Letters Patent granted to (1) John Henry Whitehead for Improvements in Feed Boxes of Combing Machines and (2) John Pickles and Henry Walton Whitehead for Improvements in Noble's Combing Machines. (Whiteheads and Pickles Patents.)

cxvii. An Act for authorising the Airdrie and Coatbridge Water Company to construct new Works to raise additional Capital and for other purposes. (Airdrie and Coatbridge Waterworks Amendment.)

cxviii. An Act to consolidate the Townships and parts of Townships within the Borough of Blackburn into one Township to constitute the Council of the said Borough the Burial Board for the said Borough to vest in the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses the Blackburn Technical School and for other purposes. (Blackburn Corporation.)

cxix. An Act to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of Lands and for completing the Worcester and Broom Railway and for other purposes. (Worcester and Broom Railway.)

cxx. An Act to confer further powers on the Ashton-under-Lyne Stalybridge and Dukinfield (District) Waterworks Joint Committee. (Ashton-under-Lyne Stalybridge and Dukinfield (District) Waterworks.)

cxxi. An Act to confer further powers upon the Great Northern Railway Company with respect to their own Undertaking and Undertakings in which they are jointly interested and for other purposes. (Great Northern Railway.)

cxxii. An Act to confer further powers on the London Brighton and South Coast Railway Company and for other purposes. (London Brighton and South Coast Railway (Various Powers).)

cxxiii. An Act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Newport in the County of Monmouth to construct and work Tramways to collect Municipal Rates and for other purposes. (Newport Corporation.)

cxxiv. An Act to empower the Taff Vale Railway Company to execute Works and acquire Lands and to raise Additional Capital and for other purposes. (Taff Vale Railway.)

cxxv. An Act to extend the powers of the Vale of Glamorgan Railway Company for the acquisition of lands for and the completion of their authorised Railways and for other purposes. (Vale of Glamorgan Railway.)

cxxvi. An Act for the abandonment of the Whitland Cronware and Pendine Railway. (Whitland Cronware and Pendine Railway (Abandonment).)

cxxvii. An Act to authorise the North British Railway Company to acquire additional Lands to extend the time for the purchase of Lands for the purposes of certain Railways and Works authorised by the North British Railway Act 1889 and by the West Highland Railway Act 1889 to extend the time limited by those Acts for the completion of the Railways thereby authorised to authorise the North British Railway Company to increase their subscription to the West Highland Railway Company and to subscribe to the Kirkcaldy and District Railway Company to raise additional Capital to authorise the repayment of the Eyemouth Railway Deposit Fund and for other purposes. (North British Railway.)

cxxviii. An Act for making a Railway from Stanhope to Wearhead in the county of Durham to be called the Wear Valley Extension Railway and for other purposes. (Wear Valley Extension Railway.)

Royal Assent, 27th June 1892.

cxxix. An Act to authorise the transfer to the Depositors of the Stock remaining in Court in respect of the Stratford-upon-Avon Towcester and Midland Junction Railway. (Stratford-upon-Avon Towcester and Midland Junction Rahway.)

cxxx. An Act with respect to the supply of Water in London and the neighbourhood. (London Water.)

cxxxi. An Act to remove doubts as to the interpretation of Section 51 of the London and Saint Katharine and East and West India Docks Act 1888. (London and India Docks.)

cxxxii. An Act for enabling the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the County Borough of Bradford in the West Riding of the County of York to construct and maintain additional Waterworks to relinquish certain powers already authorised to alter certain existing works and for other purposes connected with the Waterworks Undertaking of the said Mayor Alder men and Burgesses. (Bradford Corporation Waterworks.)

cxxxiii. An Act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Swansea to make and maintain additional waferworks and for other purposes. (Swansea Corporation Water.)

cxxxiv. An Act to authorise the Liverpool United Tramways and Omnibus Company to construct new Tramways and for other purposes. (Liverpool Tramways.)

cxxxv. An Act to enable the Trent (Burton-upon-Trent and Humber) Navigation Company to raise additional Capital to change the Name of the Company and for other purposes. (Trent Navigation.)

cxxxvi. An Act for the transfer to and vesting in the Western Valleys (Monmouthshire) Water Company the undertaking of the Risca and Pontymister Gas Company and for other purposes. (Western Valleys (Monmouthshire) Water and Gas.)

cxxxvii. An Act to revive the powers and extend the time for the compulsory purchase of Lands for and for the completion of the Tramroad and Works authorised by the Oxford and Aylesbury Tramroad Act 1888. (Oxford and Aylesbury Tramroad.)

cxxxviii. An Act to provide for the transfer of the Chichester portion of the Portsmouth and Arundel Navigation to the Corporation of the City of Chichester and for other purposes. (Chichester Canal Transfer.)

cxxxix. An Act to enable the Highland Railway Company to construct a deviation Railway and a new Railway and for other purposes. (Highland Railway.)

cxl. An Act to authorise the Mersey Railway Company to increase the amount of their First Debenture Stock and to extend the time for redeeming such Stock and for other purposes. (Mersey Railway.)

cxli. An Act to confer further powers on the Midland Great Western Railway of Ireland Company and for other purposes. (Midland Great Western Railway of Ireland.)

cxlii. An Act to authorise the sale of Saint Barnabas Church Liverpool and the site thereof and the erection of a new Church at Anfield in the parish of Walton-on-the-Hill in the county of Lancaster to be called the Church of Saint Simon and Saint Jude Anfield and to provide for the appointment of Trustees and for other purposes. (Saint Simon and Saint Jude's Church Anfield.)

cxliii. An Act to authorise the release of the deposit with the Supreme Court of Judicature in Ireland with respect to the Armagh and Keady Light Railway. (Armagh and Keady Light Railway (Release of Deposit).)

cxliv. An Act for authorising the Local Board for the District of Buxton in the County of Derby to accept as a gift from the Most Noble Spencer Compton Duke of Devonshire a new Pump Room and to hold and maintain the same and for conferring powers on the Board in relation to the Local Government of the District and for other purposes. (Buxton Local Board.)

cxlv. An Act for making a Railway from the Epsom Downs Branch of the London Brighton and South Coast Railway to near Walton-on-the-Hill in the County of Surrey and for other purposes. (Epsom Downs Extension Railway.)

cxlvi. An Act to authorise the Corporation of Glasgow to acquire land for a Public Park and for the site of an Infectious Diseases Hospital and to erect such Hospital and for other purposes. (Glasgow Corporation.)

cxlvii. An Act for repealing an Act of the fourth year of the reign of King George the Fourth incorporating the Stamford and Saint Martin's Stamford Baron Gas Light and Coke Company and for extending the limits of supply and defining and regulating the capital and powers of that company and for authorising the company to extend their works and to raise further capital and for other purposes. (Stamford and St. Martin Stamford Baron Gas.)

cxlviii. An Act for amending the Westminster (Parliament Street &c.) Improvements Act 1887 and for reviving the powers granted by that Act for the compulsory purchase of lands and for further extending the period for the completion of the works thereby authorised. (Westminster (Parliament Street &c.) Improvements.)

cxlix. An Act to authorise the Easton and Church Hope Railway Company to re-arrange their capital to extend the time for the completion of their railways and for other purposes. (Easton and Church Hope Railway.)

cl. An Act to authorise the Brynmawr and Abertillery Gas and Water Company to construct additional Waterworks and to extend their limits for the supply of water and for other purposes. (Brynmawr and Abertillery Gas and Water.)

cli. An Act for the drainage of lands in the Valley of the River Lee in the Counties of Middlesex Essex and Hertford and for other purposes. (Lee Valley Drainage.)

clii. An Act to enable the Great Northern Railway Company (Ireland) to extend their Railway to Ardee in the County of Louth and to acquire the Undertaking of the Enniskillen Bundoran and Sligo Railway Company and for other purposes. (Great Northern Railway (Ireland).)

cliii. An Act for conferring further powers on the Liskeard and Caradon Railway Company for the completion of the Railway authorised by the Liskeard and Caradon Railway Act 1884 and for constituting that Railway a separate undertaking and for other purposes. (Liskeard and Caradon Railway.)

cliv. An Act to extend the periods limited for the compulsory purchase of Lands for and for the completion of the authorised Railways of the Hull and North Western Junction Railway Company. (Hull and North Western Junction Railway (Extension of Time).)

civ. An Act for making a Railway in the County of Northumberland from the Chathill Station of the North Eastern Railway Company to Sea-Houses and for other purposes. (North Sunderland Railway.)

clvi. An Act to authorise the Lancashire Derbyshire and East Coast Railway Company to construct Branch Railways and other works to acquire the Undertaking of the North Sea Fisheries (East Lincolnshire) Harbour and Dock Company and for other purposes. (Lancashire, Derbyshire and East Coast Railway)

clvii. An Act to confer further powers on the Cork Harbour Commissioners with respect to Pilotage and for other purposes. (Cork Harbour (Pilotage).)

clviii. An Act to revive the powers granted by the Weston-super-Mare Clevedon and Portishead Tramways Act 1885 with respect to the construction of the Tramways thereby authorised and to authorise the Weston-super-Mare Clevedon and Portishead Tramways Company to construct additional Tramroads and for other purposes. (Weston-super-Mare Clevedon and Portishead Tramways.)

clix. An Act to authorise the Rhyl Improvement Commissioners to purchase the Undertaking of the Rhyl District Water Company to embank and reclaim the Foryd Mudlands adjoining the River Clwyd in the County of Flint and to confer further powers on the Commissioners. (Rhyl Improvement.)

clx. An Act for confirming the purchase by the North Metropolitan Tramways Company of the tramways of the North London Tramways Company for empowering the North Metropolitan Tramways Company to construct new tramways and for other purposes. (North Metropolitan Tramways.)

clxi. An Act for the Amalgamation of the Undertakings of the Finn Valley Railway Company and the West Donegal Railway Company and for other purposes. (Donegal Railway.)

clxii. An Act to revive the powers and extend the time for completion and opening of the Plymouth Tramways to authorise and confirm an Agreement between the Plymouth Tramways Company and the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Plymouth and for other purposes. (Plymouth Tramways.)

clxiii. An Act to make further provision for the Health Improvement and Local Government of the Borough of Bournemouth and for other purposes. (Bournemouth Improvement.)

clxiv. An Act to revive and extend the time for completing and opening the Lambourn Valley Railway and for other purposes. (Lambourn Valley Railway.)

clxv. An Act to confer further Police Powers on the Glasgow Police Commissioners and on the Magistrates and the Magistrates' Committee of the City and Royal Burgh of Glasgow. (Glasgow Police (Further Powers).)

clxvi. An Act to make better provision for the Government and Improvement of the Borough of Middlesbrough and for other purposes. (Middlesbrough Corporation.)

clxvii. An Act for conferring further powers upon the London and North Western Railway Company in relation to their own Undertaking and other Undertakings in which they are interested jointly with other Companies and also for conferring Powers upon the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company the Great Western Railway Company the Shropshire Union Railways and Canal Company and the North Staffordshire Railway Company in relation to such other Undertakings and for other purposes. (London and North Western Railway (Additional Powers).)

clxviii. An Act for empowering the London and North Western Railway Company to construct new and widen existing Railways in the Counties of Warwick and Lancaster and the West Riding of the County of York and for conferring powers upon that Company and the Midland Railway Company in relation to some of such Railways and for other purposes. (London and North Western Railway (New Railway).)

clxix. An Act to empower the District Committee of the Middle Ward of the County of Lanark to construct Waterworks and to supply Water within their District and to authorise and require the County Council of the County of Lanark to levy assessments and to borrow money for such Waterworks and supply and for other purposes. (Lanarkshire (Middle Ward District) Water.)

clxx. An Act to give effect to certain Agreements between the Caledonian North British and Lanarkshire and Dumbartonshire Railway Companies and to confer powers on them with respect to joint ownership of the Railway between Dumbarton and Balloch and the Pier at Balloch and the joint acquisition and working of Steamboats on Loch Lomond and other matters to authorise the construction of certain Railways and Works at or near Dumbarton and for other purposes. (Dumbarton and Balloch Joint Line, &c.)

clxxi. An Act to confer further powers upon the Milford Docks Company and for other purposes. (Milford Docks)

clxxii. An Act to revive the powers for the compulsory purchase of Lands and to extend the time limited for the completion of certain of the Railways and for the abandonment of one of the Railways authorised by the Kingstown and Kingsbridge Junction Railway Act 1887 and for other purposes. (Kingstown and Kingsbridge Junction Railway (Extension of Time).)

clxxiii. An Act for empowering the Corporation of the City of Birmingham to obtain a supply of Water from the Rivers Elan and Claerwen and for other purposes. (Birmingham Corporation Water.)

clxxiv. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Exmouth and District Waterworks Company. (Exmouth and District Water.)

clxxv. An Act to authorise the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company to provide Steam Vessels to ply between the Ports of Fleetwood and Dublin and for other purposes. (Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway (Steam Vessels).)

clxxvi. An Act for conferring further powers on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company with relation to their own Undertaking and upon that Company and the London and North Western Railway Company in respect of Undertakings in which they are jointly interested and for other purposes. (Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway (Various Powers).)

clxxvii. An Act to amend the Leith Harbour and Docks Act 1875 to authorise the construction of a Wet Dock and other Harbour Works and for other purposes. (Leith Harbour and Docks.)

clxxviii. An Act for empowering the London and North Western Railway Company to construct new Railways in the West Riding of the County of York to be called the Heaton Lodge and Wortley Railways and for other purposes. (London and North Western Railway (Heaton Lodge and Wortley Railways).)

clxxix. An Act for enabling the Rhondda and Swansea Bay Railway Company to extend their Railways to Swansea and Neath and for other purposes. (Rhondda and Swansea Bay Railway.)

clxxx. An Act to authorise the transfer of the Undertaking of the Southampton Dock Company to the London and South Western Railway Company. (Southampton Docks.)

clxxxi. An Act to authorise the construction of New Railways in the West Riding of the County of York from Maltby to Mexborough and for other purposes. (Rotherham Blyth and Sutton Railway.)

clxxxii. An Act to authorise the transfer of the undertaking of the Lostwithiel and Fowey Railway Company to the Cornwall Minerals Railway Company and for other purposes. (Lostwithiel and Fowey Railway.)

clxxxiii. An Act for authorising the sale of the Church and Parochial Schools and Vicarage House of the Parish of Saint Bartholomew in the City of Bristol and the application of the proceeds of sale to the provision of a new Church and Vicarage House for a district out of the new Parish of Saint Andrew Montpelier in the said City and to other purposes and for reuniting the said Parish of Saint Bartholomew for Ecclesiastical purposes to the Parish of Saint James and for enabling the Ecclesiastical Commissioners to dispose of the site and materials of the unfinished Church. of Saint Martin and for other purposes. (St. Bartholomew's (Bristol) Church &c. Sale.)

clxxxiv. An Act to authorise agreements between the Edinburgh Street Tramways Company and Local Authorities and for other purposes. (Edinburgh Street Tramways.)

clxxxv. An Act to authorise the construction of a Railway between Londonderry and Draperstown and for other purposes. (Derry City and County Railway.)

clxxxvi. An Act for conferring further powers on the Glasgow and South Western Railway Company for the construction of works the acquisition of lands and the raising of money and for other purposes. (Glasgow and South Western Railway (Additional Powers).)

clxxxvii. An Act for the constitution of the Pontypridd Burial Board in the County of Glamorgan and for other purposes. (Pontypridd Burial Board.)

clxxxviii. An Act for the abandonment of certain of the authorised Railways of the Regent's Canal City and Docks Railway Company for extending the period for the compulsory purchase of lands for and for the completion of others of such authorised Railways for changing the name of the Company for making other provisions with respect to the Company and their affairs and for other purposes. (Regent's Canal City and Docks Railway.)

clxxxix. An Act for enabling the Uttoxeter Rural Sanitary Authority to provide an improved Water Supply to certain places within their District. (Uttoxeter Water.)

cxc. An Act for incorporating the Rhymney Valley Gas and Water Company and conferring powers on them for the construction of works the supply of Gas and Water and for other purposes. (Rhymney Valley Gas and Water.)

cxci. An Act to make more effectual provision for Prevention of the Pollution of the Rivers Mersey and Irwell and their tributaries. (Mersey and Irwell Joint Committee.)

cxcii. An Act for authorising the Bexhill Water and Gas Company to raise additional Capital. (Bexhill Water and Gas.)

cxciii. An Act to repeal the 169th Section of the Eastbourne Improvement Act 1885, (Eastbourne Improvement Act 1889 Amendment.)

P. cxciv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act, 1870, relating to Birmingham and Western Districts Tramways, Drypool and Marfleet Steam Tramways, Morecambe Tramways (Extension), and Northampton Street Tramways. (Tramways Orders Confirmation.)

P. cxcv. An Act to confirm an Order of the Boundary Commissioners for Scotland relating to the burgh and city of Glasgow, the burgh of Renfrew, and to the parishes of Cathcart, Eastwood, Govan, and Renfrew, in the counties of Lanark and Renfrew. (Glasgow, &c. Order Confirmation.)

P. cxcvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, relating to Bideford Gas, Glastonbury and Street Gas, Prestatyn Gas, and Willenhall Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. cxcvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Boroughs of Chard and Henley-upon-Thames. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 6).)

P. cxcviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Havant, Tamworth, Warwick, and Wallsend, Willington Quay, and Howdon Joint Hospital Districts, and to the Upper Stour Valley Main Sewerage District. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 7).)

P. cxcix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary District of Burnley, Paignton, and Penzance, and to the Rural Sanitary Districts of the Blything and Hendon Unious. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 8).)

P. cc. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Bradford (Yorks), Halifax, Rawmarsh, Sheffield, and Shipley. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 9).)

P. cci. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Boroughs of Crewe, Falmouth, and Godalming. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 11).)

P. ccii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Bilston, Morley, and West Ham. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 13).)

P. cciii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Poor, Law Amendment Act, 1867, relating to the Hundred of Mutford and Lothiogland. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (Poor Law).)

P. cciv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Killala, Stornoway, Sutherland, and Torquay. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. ccv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Carloway and Kinsale. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. ccvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Bournemouth. (Pier and Harbour Order Confirmation (No. 5).)

P. ccvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act, 1861, relating to Morton Fen, in the Parish of Morton, in the County of Lincoln. (Land Drainage Supplemental.)

P. ccviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State under the Metropolitan Police Act, 1886, relating to lands in the Parishes of St. Marylebone, St. Mary Abbotts, Kensington, and All Saints, Poplar. (Metropolitan Police Order Confirmation.)

P. ccix. An Act to confirm two Provisional Orders made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the Purchase of Land for Burial Grounds in the Poor Law Union of Sligo. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. ccx. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland con finning an Improvement Scheme under Part I. of the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890, relating to the City of Belfast. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. ccxi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the improvement of Streets in the Township of Blackrock. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. ccxii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the purchase of Land for Waterworks in the Poor Law Union of Tullamore. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 5).)

P. ccxiii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the Rural Sanitary District of Fermoy. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 7).)

P. ccxiv. An Act to confirm four Provisional Orders made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the Purchase of Lands for Waterworks for the towns of Athlone, Castletown-Berehaven, Cookstown, and Skibbereen. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 8).)

P. ccxv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the Town of Tralee. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 9).)

P. ccxvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the Drainage of the City of Dublin, and to enable the Corporation of Dublin to borrow in excess of their Statutory Powers. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 10).)

P. ccxvii. An Act to provide for the re-constitution of the Galway Infirmary and for other purposes connected therewith. (Galway Hospital.)

P. ccxviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act, 1870, to enable the School Board for London to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and the Acts amending the same. (Education Department Provisional Order Confirmation (London).)

P. ccxix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts, 1882 and 1888, relating to Dublin, Fareham, Liverpool, Oxford, Sheffield, and Waterford. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. ccxx. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts, 1882 and 1888, relating to Hampstead, Lambeth, Shoreditch, and Whitechapel. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 6).)

P. ccxxi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862, relating to the Burgh of Inverness. (General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862, Order Confirmation (Inverness).)

Royal Assent, 28th June 1892.

P. ccxxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Boroughs of Halifax and Hertford. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 10).)

P. ccxxiii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Beard relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Bath, Cheltenham, Louth, Nottingham and West Bridgeford, Portsmouth, Salford, and Wallasey. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 12).)

P. ccxxiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Borough of Chesterfield. (Local Government Boards Provisional Order (No. 14).)

P. ccxxv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Borough of Richmond (Surrey). (Local Government Boards Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 15).)

P. ccxxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, relating to Ross Water and Sevenoaks Water. (Water Orders Confirmation.)

P. ccxxvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders mnde by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts, 1882 and 1888, relating to the County of London (a portion of), Southwark, and Wandsworth. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

ccxxviii. An Act to revive powers for and to extend the time for the construction and completion of the Tramways authorised by the Newport Pagnell and District Tramways Order 1887 confirmed by the Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 2) Act 1887. (Newport Pagnell and District Tramways.)

ccxxix. An Act for rendering valid certain Letters Patent granted to James Simpson and Samuel Thomas Fawcett for Improvements in the Construction of Perambulators. (Simpson's and Fawcett's Patent.)

ccxxx. An Act to provide for repealing the Deed of Settlement of the Imperial Life Insurance Company and the Act relating thereto and to define the objects and powers of that Company. (Imperial Life Insurance Company's.)

ccxxxi. An Act to constitute the City of Belfast a Separate District with an Asylum for the Lunatic Poor and for other purposes. (Belfast District (Lunatic Asylums, &c.).)

ccxxxii. An Act to extend and enlarge the powers of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company and the London and North Western Railway Company as to Steam Vessels and for other purposes. (Lancashire and Yorkshire and London and North Western Railway Companies (Steam Vessels).)

ccxxxiii. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Great Western Railway Company in respect of their own undertaking and upon that Company and the London and North Western Railway Company in respect of undertakings in which they are jointly interested for amalgamating the Caine the Newent the Ross and Ledbury and the Wellington and Severn Junction Railway Companies with the Great Western Railway Company for vesting in that Company the powers of the East Usk Railway Company for vesting the undertaking of the Ludlow and Clee Hill Railway Company in the Great Western and London and North Western Railway Companies and for other purposes. (Great Western Railway.)

ccxxxiv. An Act to confer additional powers upon the Midland Railway Company and upon that Company and the Great Northern and North Eastern Railway Companies respectively for the construction of Works and the acquisition of Lands to confirm an Agreement between the Midland Railway Company and the Guiseley Yeadon and Headingley Railway Company to empower the Midland Railway Company to increase their Subscription to the Undertaking of the Tottenham and Forest Gate Railway Company and for other purposes. (Midland Railway.)

ccxxxv. An Act to extend the Municipal and Police Boundaries of the city and royal burgh of Dundee; to alter the Wards for Municipal and other Elections; to authorise the construction of a new Road or Street and new Tramways; and for other purposes. (Dundee Extension and Improvement.)

ccxxxvi. An Act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City and County of Newcastle-upon-Tyne to construct Street Improvements Tramways and other Works and to make further provision for the good Government of the City and for other purposes. (Newcastle-upon-Tyne Improvement.)

ccxxxvii. An Act to regulate the expenditure and raising of Money by the London County Council on Capital Account during the current Financial Period. (London County Council (Money).)

ccxxxviii. An Act to empower the London County Council to make a Street Improvement at Sandy's Row Spitalfields to acquire and manage land for various purposes in the Administrative County of London to extend the time for purchase of land for the Thames Tunnel (Blackwall) and for other purposes. (London County Council (General Powers).)

ccxxxix. An Act to provide Building Regulations for the City of Glasgow and for other purposes. (Glasgow Building Regulations.)

ccxl. An Act to authorise the Newport Godshill and St. Lawrence Railway Company to extend their Railway towards Ventnor and for other purposes. (Newport Godshill and St. Lawrence Railway.)

ccxli. An Act to confer further powers on the Central London Railway Company and for other purposes. (Central London Railway.)

ccxlii. An Act for incorporating the Great Northern and City Railway Company and empowering them to construct a railway from the Canonbury Branch of the Great Northern Railway near Finsbury Park to the City of London and for other purposes. (Great Northern and City Railway.)

PRIVATE ACT,

PRINTED BY THE QUEEN'S PRINTERS,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

1. AN Act to enable the Trustees of the late Sir James Thompson Mackenzie Baronet of Glenmuick to postpone the sale of certain heritable subjects held them and for other purposes. (Glenmuick Estate.)

---

630

TABLE

Showing the Effect of the Year's Legislation.

ACTS OF FORMER SESSIONS (IN CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER) REPEALED OR AMENDED BY ACTS OE 55 & 56 VICT.

Statute Chapter

[Short Title.]

and Subject-matter or How affected. of

Chapter. 55 & 56 Vict.

25 Edw. 1. c. 17

4 Will. & Mar. c. 4

5 & 6 Will. & Mar. c. 20.

8 & 9 Will. 3. c. 20.

9 Will. 3. c. 44 -

6 Anne c. 59

7 Anne c. 30

3 Geo. 1. c. 8 11 Geo. 1:

c. 9 c. 26

1 Geo. 2. stat. 2.

c. 8

2 Geo. 2. c. 3

15 Geo. 2. c. 13 -

19 Geo. 2. c. 6 -

20 Geo. 2. c. 43 -

21 Geo. 2. c. 19 -

23 Geo. 2:

c. 1

c. 22

24 Geo. 2. c. 4 -28 Geo. 2. c. 7 -

7 Geo. 3. c. 48 -

Pleas of the Crown Special bail -Bank of England Bank of England

East India Company

Bank of England

Bank of England

Bank of England -

Reduction of national debt -

Bail in criminal cases (Scotland)

National debt - 1

National debt -

Bank of England -

Bank of England

Heritable jurisdictions abolition

Evidence on criminal trials (Scotland).

National debt -National debt -Bank of England Sheriffs depute, &c.

Meetings of Companies -

Repealed -

i

Ss. 1, 2 repealed - - .

I

Ss. 21, 32, 34 repealed -

Ss. 26, 32, 33 rep. in part; ss. 37, 47, 48 rep.; ss.34 iu part, 52, rep. pro- | spectively.

Repealed -

Repealed- -

Preamble, ss. 1-5, 67 in:part, 68, repealed.

S. 45 repealed

Preamble, sb. 1, 5 rep. -

Repealed -

S. 5 repealed -

S. 5 repealed

Ss. 6, 7 repealed; s. 13 repealed prospectively.

Ss. 3, 5, 8, 13, 14 rep.

Ss. 3-5, 16, 18, 20, 22, 30 rep.

Ss. 7-9, 12 repealed

19 (Stat. Law ‘ Rev.)

48.

19 (Stat. Law Rev.)

48.

19 (Stat. Law Rev.)

48.

19 (Stat. Law Rev.)

Repealed (except s. 8) Repealed (except ss, ~ Repealed prospectively Rep. (except " the offices of sheriff" to " aut cul-pam " where last occurring).

Rep. prospectively as to Bank of England.

s. 8) - 1 1

ss. S, 14) j >48.

.ively - . J

19 (Stat. Rev.)

48.

Law

* Acts continued annually by the Expiring Laws Continuance Act are not noticed in this Table. Repeals by the Statute Law Revision Act are not generally noticed, as being of^ little practical importance. When, however, a repeal extends to the whole Act, or even entire sections or schedules, it is entered in the Table.

A.D. 1892.

Effect of Legislation.

631

[Short Title.]

Statute and Chapter. Subject-matter or How affected. Chapter of 55 & 56 Vict.

13 Geo. 3. c. 63 East India Company Ss. 12, 16, 18, 19, 36, 38, 46 repealed. S. 21 repealed - Ss. 9-16, 19-26 repealed- Ss. 1, 2 repealed - Ss. 29, 30, 39 repealed -

17 Geo. 3. c. 56 -21 Geo. 3. c. 70 & 23 Geo. 3. c. 45 -26 Geo. 3.: c. 57 Frauds in hat, &c. manufactures Government and Courts of Bengal. Justiciary courts (Scotland) Trial of offences committed in 19 (Stat. Law

c. 71 53 Geo. 3. c. 52 -86 Geo. 3. c. 85 -37 Geo. 3. c. 142-39 & 40 Geo. 3. c. 79. 54 Geo. 3. c. 15 - India. Slaughter-houses for horses East India Company Regulation of mills Courts of justice in India Government, &c. of India Recovery of debts in New South Ss. 11, 16 repealed S. 157 repealed S. 10 repealed Ss. 1, 3-10, 15-26, 30 rep. Ss. 4, 6, 10, 11, 17-19, 21-24 repealed. Ss. 1-3 repealed - Rev.)

56 Geo. 3. c. 96 - Wales. Bank of England Ss. 3 in part, 5, repealed 48.

4 Geo. 4. c. 91 - Confirmation of marriages Repealed 23.

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 43 Turnpike roads (Scotland) S. 80 amended - 12.

3 & 4 Will. 4.:c. 42; Amendment of the law - Ss. 12, 19 repealed 19 (Stat. Law

c. 46 | Burgh police (Scotland) - Rep. (with savings) Rev.) 55, s. 6.

c. 63 j Indentures of apprenticeship S. 4 repealed 19 (Stat. Law

c. 85 ! Government of India Extended Rev.) 14, s. 3.

6 & 7 Will. 4.:

c. 2? c. 69

7 Will. 4. and 1 Vict.:

c. 2 c. 25 C. 41

1 & 2 Vict.:

c. 28 c. 51 c. 56 c. 106 c. 116 c. 118

Dublin police -

Gold and silver plate (Scotland)

Sb. 39, 40 repealed S. 23 repealed

Grand jury presentment (Ireland) S. 17 repealed Dublin police - ' S. 26 repealed

Recovery of small detts(Scotland) S. 29 repealed

Making and sale of bread (Ireland) Grand jury cess (Dublin)

Poor relief (Ireland)

Pluralities Act -Support of county gaols (Ireland) Court of Session (Scotland)

2 & 3 Vict.:

c. 119 Sheriff courts (Scotland)

c. 1 c. 36

3 & 4 Vict.:

c. 85

c. 66 c. 105

C. 108

5 Vict. c. 5 5 & 6 Vict.:

c. 24 c. 28 4. 74

Poor relief (Ireland)

Judges of Supreme Court (Scotland).

Ss. 16-20, 22 repealed -

S. 9 repealed

Ss. 4, 37-39, 46 repealed

S. 84 repealed

S. 2 repealed

Ss. 2, 3, 6-8, 10, 13, 15, 16, 22, 23, 25, 34 rep. Ss. 17, 30 repealed

Ss. 7, 8, Sch. repealed -S. 7 repealed

Chimney sweepers and chimneys S. 10 rep. except as to I.

Church discipline Abolition of arrest on mesne process in civil actions, &c. > (Ireland).

Municipal corporations (Ireland) ]

Administration of justice

Dublin police -Punishment of death Rights of voting in Dublin University«

Repealed (see terms)

Ss. 21, 25, 29, 37-41, 48, 44, 48-50, 55, 56, 58, 59, 65, 68-70, 72-75 rep. Ss. 7, 13, 176, 179, 180, 200, 201 repealed.

S. 5 repealed

S. 45 repealed Ss. 2, 20, 21 repealed Ss. 4, 5 repealed -

19 (Stat. Law Rev.)

J

32.

19 (Stat. Law Rev.)

632

Effect of Leg,

[55 & 56 VICT.

[Short Title.]

Statute and Chapter. Subject-matter or

5 & 6 Vict. — e-mt.

c. 80 Drainage of lands, &c. (Ireland) j

c. 95 Four Courts, Marshalsea -

c. 105 | Reclamation of lands (Ireland) -

c. 106 Irish fisheries - i

6 & 7 Vict.:

c. 26 Millbank Prison

c. 30 1 Pouud breach and rescue -

c. 57 | Relief of certain bishops (IrelaudY

c. 91:Charitable loau societies (Ireland) j

c. 92 Poor relief (Ireland) - - 1

c. 93 Municipal corporations (Ireland) !

7 & 8 Vict.: 1

c. 24 Forestalling and regrating

c. 44 New parishes (Scotland)

c. 47 Linen, &c. manufactures (Ireland) j

C. 106 Grand jury presentments (Dublin)

C. 107 Superior courts of law (Ireland)

8 & 9 Vict.:

C. 16 Companies Clauses

c. 17 Companies Clauses (Scotland) -

c. 18 Lands Clauses Consolidation

C. 19 Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland).

C. 20 Railways Clauses Consolidation -

c. 26 Trout fishing (Scotland) -

C. 33 Railway Clauses Consolidation (Scotland).

c. 35 Heritable property (Scotland) -

c. 38 Bank notes (Scotland) -

c. 75 Defamation and libel

c. 77 Hosiery manufacture

c. 83 Poor relief (Scotland) - - ,

C. 108 Fisheries (Ireland) -

c. 109 Gaming - - | 1

c. 115 I Court of Chancery (Ireland) - I

c. 128 Silk weavers

9 & 10 Vict.:

c. 8 Sea fisheries (Ireland) - - i

c. 24 Administration of Criminal Justice.

c. 87 Coroner (Ireland) -

c. 61 Prisons (Ireland) -

C. 64 Interpleader (Ireland) - - 1

c. Ill Ejectments and distresses

c. 113 Writs of Mandamus (Ireland) .

10 & 11 Vict.:

c. 26 Purchase of land for prisons (Ireland).

0.31 Poor relief (Ireland)

c. 82 Landed property improvement (Ireland).

Ss. 137, 138, 156 repealed

97, 98, 100, 105, 107, 114 repealed.

Repealed -

Sa. 3, 4 repealed -

Repealed -

Ss. 56, 57, Sch. C. rep. -S. 18, Schedule repealed-S. 24 repealed -

Repealed -

S. 7 repealed S. 2 repealed Ss. 26, 81, 32, 37-39, 107, 117-121, 137-146, 154 repealed.

Ss. 9, 10, 15, 29, 30, 32, 33, 39, 40, Sch. B. rep.

Ss. 148, 149, 153, 157,

Sch. G. repealed.

Ss. 152, 153, 155, 157,

159, 160, 163, 164,

Sch. G. repealed.

Ss. 137, 142, 144, Sch. C.

repealed.

Ss. 133, 134, 136, 137,

140, 141, Sch. C. rep. Ss. 146, 147, 151, 155,

Schedule repealed.

S. 9. repealed Ss. 140, 141, 143, 145,

148, 151, 152, Sch. rep. Ss. 7-9 repealed -S. 2 repealed S. 1 repealed Ss. 5, 6 repealed -S. 84, Schedule repealed Ss. 4, 17, 26 repealed Amended -S. 19 repealed Ss. 1, 2, 6, 14 rep.

Ss. 4, 5 repealed -

S. 76 repealed S. 1 repealed

Ss. 13, 14, 25-27 repealed ' 11 Repealed -

S. 17 repealed Repealed -

Repealed -

Ss. 14, 17 repealed S. 26 amended

Chapter

of

55 & 56 Vict.

19 (Stat. Law ' Rev.)

1.

19 (Stat. Law Rev.)

9.

.19 (Stat. Law Rev.)

65, a. 9.

A.D. 1892.

Effect of Le

633

Statute and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Subject-matter or

10 & 11 Vict. — coni.

c. 33 Removal of poor persons -

c. 39 c. 62 c. 79 c. 81 11 & 12 Vict.:

c. 28 c. 36 c. 42 c. 48 c. 68 c. 74 c. 79 C. 104

Burgh police (Scotland 1 Naval prisons. See. -Drainage of land (Ireland) Vagrants, &c. (Ireland) -

Recovery of debts (Ireland) Entail (Scotland)

Indictable offences Incumbered ostites (Ireland) Trustees (Ireland)

Instrument* of Sasine (Scotland) Court of Justiciary (Scotland) -Millbank Prison

12 St 13 Vict.: i

c. 51 1 Protection of property of pupils, 8rc. (Scotland), c. 68, Consular Marriage c. 91 Collection of rates (Dublin) c. 92 Cruelty to animals c. 95 Judgments (Ireland) c. 104 Poor relief (Ireland) c. i05 Conversion of leasehold lauds I (Ireland).

13 & 14 Vict.:

c. 7 1 Metropolitan police c. 18 Superior Courts of Common j Law (Ireland), c. 33 J Burgh Police (Scotland) c. 36 Court of Session (Scotland)

c. 37 j Larceny -

c. 39 Convict prisons -

c. 51

c. 69 c. 74

c. 88 c. 89

c.m

14 & 15 Vict.:c. 26 c. 28 c. 55 c. 57

Equitable jurisdiction of Court of Exchequer (Ireland). Parliamentary voters (Ireland) -Office of registrar of judgments (Ireland).

Fisheries (Ireland) -Court of Chancery (Ireland) Stamp duties on proceedings in courts of law (Ireland).

British white herring fishery Common lodging houses -Expenses of prosecutions, &e. -Civil bills and courts of quarter sessions (Ireland).

c. 65 c. 66

c. 68 c. 83

c. 91 c. 104

Grand jury cess (Dublin)

River Ness and Highland roads and bridges.

Medical charities (Ireland)

Court of Chancery and judicial committee.

Emigration from Scotland Management of episcopal and capitular estates.

ITow affected.

S. 2 repealed

Rep. (with savings)

S. 15 lepeuled S. 2 repealed S. 7 repealed

Ss. 3, 7, 8, 19 repealed -S. 34 repealed Extended

Repealed - - 1

Ss. 4-7 repealed - - i

Repealed

S. 3 repealed

Repealed

Ss. 22, 21, 29 repealed -Repealed -

Ss. 35, 36, 85 repealed -Ss. 15-17, 23, 24 rep. -Ss. 9-11 repealed Ss. 1, 13-16 repealed Ss. 32, 33 re|>eah:d

Ss. 5, 7 repealed -Repealed

Rep. (with savings)

Ss. 9, 10, 13, 15, 31, 56 repealed.

Repealed

Repealed as to Millbank -Repealed

Ss. 89, 40, 73, 106 rep. -Ss. 1-3 repealed

Ss. 22-31, 41 repealed -S. 36 repealed Repealed

S. 7 repealed S. 17 repealed Ss. 20, 21 repealed Ss. 71-78, 83, 93, 110, 118, 121, 132, 154, 164, Schs. (C.), (D.) rep.

S. 4 repealed Repealed -

Ss. 1, 2, 4, 19, 20 rep. -Repealed (except ss. 16, 18, 21).

Repealed -S. 12 repealed -

Chapter

of

55 & 56 Vict.

19 (Stat. Law Rev.)

55, s. 6.

19 (Stat. Law Rev.)

55, s. 475.

}19 (Stat. Law Rev.)

1.

19 (Stat. Law Rev.)

23.

19 (Stat. Law ' Rev.)

55, s. 6.

119 (Stat. Law Rev.)

1.

, 19 (Stat. Law Rev.)

634 Effect of Legislation.

[55 & 56 Vicfc

Statute and Chapter.

15 & 16 Vict:

c. 27 c. 55 c. 72

c. 76

c. 80

c. 81

c. 85 c. 87 16 & 17 Vict.:

c. 15

c. 22 c. 28

c. 80 c. 32 C. 33

C. 41

c. 45

C. 55

c. 64

C. 67

c. 80

c. 89 c. 92 C. 94

C. 95

c. 99 C. 113

C. 119

17 & 18 Vict.:

c. 35 c. 38

[Short Title.]

Subject-matter or

Law of Evidence (Scotland)

Trustee -

New Zealand -

Common Law Procedure

Court of Chancery

Assessment, &c. of county rates -

Burials (Metropolis)

Court of Chancery

Elections of knights of the shire Examiners, Court of Chancery -Parliamentary elections (Scotland).

Administration of criminal law -Stay of execution, &c. Metropolitan hackney carriages -

Common lodging houses -

Purchase of Government Annuities through savings banks. Duties of taxing officer for common law business (Ireland) Incumbered estates (Ireland)

Public houses (Scotland) -

Sheriff courts (Scotland) -

Universities (Scotland) -Sheriffs (Scotland) -Entail (Scotland)

Government of India

Transportation

Common Law Procedure (Ireland)

Suppression of betting houses -

Assizes for county of Warwick -Suppression of gaming houses -

How affected.

S. 5 repealed S. 13 repealed Ss. 1-31, 33, 35-39, 41-43, 45, 49-52, 60, 62, 63, 70, 73, 75-79, 81, Sch. rep.

Ss. 208, 215, 216, 236 repealed.

Repealed (except ss. 17, 19-21, 23, 41, 60, 61). Ss. 2, 3, 36, 37, 47-50 repealed.

S. 46 repealed

Ss. 2, 22-41, 52 repealed -

S. 1 repealed Repealed -Ss. 8, 11 rep.

Ss. 3-8 repealed -Repeuled -

Ss. 1, 3, 8, 22, Schs. (B.), (C.) rep.

Repealed, except as to Metropolis.

S. 1 repealed

j- Repealed

Ss. I, 5, 8-12, 14, 16 repealed.

Ss. 1, 3-5, 7, 8, 16, 17, 19-21, 33, 35, 36, 39, 41-43, 45, 47, 49, Sells. (A.), (C.), (D.), (E.), (L.) repealed.

S. 7 repealed Repealed -S. 2 repealed

Extended -

Ss. 1, 28 rep.

Ss. 15, 16 repealed Ss. 1, 3, 5-19, 28-35, 37-45, 48-51, 53-59, 61-63, 68-97, 99, 102,

118, 119, 121, 123,

124, 127, 128, 130,

136, 138-142, 148-

152, 154 - 158, 161,

164-188, 190, 194-227, 231, 233-240, 242,

Schs. (A.), (C.)-(E.) repealed Ss. 15 (except as to I.), 19 repealed.

Repealed

Ss. 12 (except as to I.), 15 repealed.

Chapter

of

55 & 56 Vict.

19 (Stat. Law Rev.)

14, s. 3.

19 (Stat. Law ‘ Rev)

A.D. 1892. Effect of Legislation.

635

Statute and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Subject-matter or

17 & 18 Vict —

cont.

c. 59

c. 76 c. 77 c. 78 c. 80

c. 87 c. 91 c. 102 C. 104

Trial by jury in civil causes, (Scotland).

Convict prisons (Ireland) -India -Admiralty Court Registration of births, &c.

(Scotland).

Burials (England)

Valuation of Lands (Scotland) Corrupt Practices Prevention -Merchant Shipping

c. 115 c. 116 c. 120 c. 125

Removal of prisoners in custody Episcopal and capitular estates -Merchant Shipping Repeal Common Law Procedure

How affected.

Chapter

of

55 & 56 Vict.

Repealed

Ss. 4, 6, 10, 80 repealed -S. 1 repealed Repealed S. 75 repealed

S. 12 repealed -S. 40 repealed S. 89 repealed Ss. 3, 125, 126, 438, 535-537, 540, 541 rep. Repealed S. 1 repealed Ss. 3, 4, Sch. repealed Ss. 21-27, 80, 89, 103 rep.

I 19 (Stat. Law | Rev).

18 & 19 Vict: c. 15 c. 17 c. 48

c. 50 c. 55 c. 56 c. 57

Protection of Purchasers Sardinian Loan -Administration of Justice, Cinque Ports.

Court of Exchequer (Ireland) - Victoria -Waste lands, Australia Militia (England)

Ss. 1, 9 repealed -S. 1 repealed -S. 1 repealed

Repealed -S. 5 repealed Ss. 1, 2 repealed Ss. 5, 6 repealed -

J

c. 70

Public Libraries

- Repealed

53.

c. 90 c. 98 c. 104 c. 109

c. 116 c. 119

C. 120

c. 122 c. 126

c. 134

19 & 20 Vict.:

c. 2 c. 16

c. 86 c. 48 c. 55 C. 56 c. 58

c. 59

c. 68

c. 69

Costs in Crown Suits, &c.

Courts of Judicature, India Chinese Passengers Lunatic asylums, Repayment of advances (Ireland).

Diseases prevention Passengers -

Metropolis management

Metropolitan building Administration of Criminal Justice.

Court of Chancery

Metropolitan police Central Criminal Court

Peace preservation (Ireland) Summary proceedings (Scotland) Ecclesiastical Commissioners Court of Exchequer (Scotland) -Burgh Voters Registration (Scotland).

Public Revenue, Transfer of charges.

Prisons (Ireland)

County and borough police

S. 3 repealed Repealed -S. 17 repealed S. 3 repealed

Repealed -S. 87, Schs. (L.), and (except as to I.) (N.), (O.) repealed.

Ss. 32, 43-53, 145-147, 193, 243, 246, 249 rep. Ss. 2, 113, 114 repealed -Ss. 10, 15, 21 repealed -

Repealed, except s. 16 -

S. 4 repealed

Ss. 21, 24, 27, 28, Scheds.

repealed.

Repealed -Repealed (except s. 4) -S. 2 repealed S. 45 repealed -S. 28 repealed

I 19 (Stat. Law f Rev.)

Sch. (A.) repealed

Ss. 4-6, 8-10, 18, 19, 24,

25, 30, 35-54 repealed.

Ss. 17, 24 repealed - |J S. 14 amended - - 1 38.

T t

636

Effect of Leg.

[55 & 56 Vict.

Statute and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Subject-matter or

How affected.

Chapter

55 & 56 Vict.

19 & 20 Vict. — cont.

c. 79

Bankruptcy (Scotland)

«. 88 c. 89 c. 92

c. 94 c. 100 c. 102

Cambridge University -Deeds (Scotland)

Chancery Appeal Court (Ireland).

Intestates estates

Joint stock banks -

Common law procedure (Ireland)

c. 112 20 & 21 Vict.:c. 3 c. 6 c. 7 c. 17

c. 18

c. 40

c. 52

c. 58 c. 60 c. 71 c. 72

Metropolis Management

Amendment of 16 & 17 Vict c. 99. Exchequer Chamber (Ireland) -County cess (freland) Amendment of 11 & 12 Vict. c. 72.

Procedure in Bill Chamber, (Scotland).

Continuance of 17 & 18 Vict c. 89.

Sales of waste land (New Zealand).

Constitution of New Zealand Irish bankrupts and insolvents Lunatics (Scotland)

Police in counties, &c. (Scotland)

c. 77

c. 79

c. 81 c. 85

21 & 22 Vict:

c. 3 c. 22 c. 27 c. 33 c. 47 c. 56 c. 68 c. C9 c. 72

c. 83 C. 92 c. 95 c. 100

C. 104 c. 106 c. 108

22 Vict.:

c. 11 c. 12

Probates and letters of administration (England).

Probates and letters of administration (Ireland).

Burial -

Matrimonial Causes

East India Company Abolition of franchise prisons Chancery Amendment -County rates -

False pretences -

Confirmation and probate Detached parts of counties Herring Fisheries (Scotland) Transfer of land (Ireland)-

Universities (Scotland) -County property Court of Probate Petty Sessions Clerk (Ireland) -

Metropolis Management -Government of India Matrimonial Causes

East India Loan Defence -

Ss. 44-47, 77, 97, 132, 168 repealed.

Ss. 42, 43 repealed Repealed

Ss. 4, 5, 7-9, 11-18, 22-28 repealed.

Repealed S. 1 repealed Ss. 4, 5, 25-30, 38 50, 55-59, 62-75, 77, 81-83, 85-S8, 96, 108 rep. Ss. 4, 5 repealed -

Ss. 7, 8 repealed -Repealed S. 6 repealed Repealed

S. 3 repealed

S. 7 repealed

Repealed

S. 3 repealed

Ss. 5, 6, 79, 80, 83 rep. -S. 110 repealed Ss. 35-39, 44-49, 51, 67, 70-73 repealed S. 73 amended Ss. 1, 3, 27, 32-39, 60, 65, 95-101, 115, 118 repealed Ss. 1, 5, 7, 8, 15, 46-49, 102-104, 106, 110-113, 117-119 repealed Ss. 18, 29 repealed -Ss. 1, 3, 8-11, 15, 47, 48, 51, 52, 59-65 rep.

S. 10 repealed Repealed | Ss. 7, 9, 12 replied

Repealed

' S. I repealed Repealed S. 2 repealed Ss. 4-7, 22, 80, 32, 41, ' 42 repealed

' Ss. 19, 21 repealed i Repealed I Ss. 4-6, 13 repealed Ss. 5, 23, 24, Sch. (A.) j repealed S. 8 repealed Ss. 9, 50, 60-62, 74 rep. -Ss. 1-3, 12, 16, 18 rep.

I

S. 10 repealed S. 8 repealed j 8. 1 repealed

19 (Stat. Law " Rev.)

55, s. 81.

19 (Stat. Law f Ber.)

A.D. 1892. Effect of Legislation. 637

Statute and Chapter.

22 Vict. — cont.

c. 14

c. 16

22 & 28 Vict:

c. 7 c. 10

c. 13 c. 20 c. 21

c. 22 c. 31 c. 32 c. 39 c. 52 c. 61

23 & 24 Vict:

c. 4 c. 6 c. 8 c. 16

c. 38 c. 65 c. 68 c. 79 c. 92

c. 106 c. Ill c. 124 c. 125 c. ISO c. 144 c. 149 c. 153

24 & 25 Vict.:

c. 3 c. 10 c. 17

c. 42

c. 43

c. 47 c. 54 c. 67

c. 69 c. 81

c. 83

c. 86 c. 94 c. 96 c. 97 c. 98

[Short Title.]

Subject-matter or

How affected.

Chapter 55 & 56 Vict.

Abolition of Manor Courts (Ireland).

Commissioners for Oaths

S. 4 repealed Repealed

Jury (Scotland)

Speaker of Legislative Council, Canada.

Barbuda -Military savings banks I Queen's Remembrancer, Court I of Exchequer.

Constabulary (Ireland) -Court of Probate (Ireland) County and borough police East India Loan -

Dublin Police Matrimonial Causes

Repealed

S. 16 repealed S. 16 repealed

S. 1 repealed Ss. 28, 34 repealed S. 7 repealed S. 13 repealed -S. 9 repealed Ss. 1, 3, 7 repealed

Valuation (Ireland)

Post Office -Poison -

Municipal Corporation Mortgages, &c.

Amendment of Law of Property Post Office (Duties)

' Highways (South Wales)

Sheriff court houses Herring Fisheries (Scotland)

j Lands Clauses Consolidation Stamp duties -

, Ecclesiastical Commissioners -Metropolis Gas

India -

, Matrimonial Causes Court of Chancery Landed Property (Ireland)

I Improvement

1 Bank of England Admiralty Court -

Smoke Nuisance Abatement (Scotland).

, London Coal and Wine Duties Continuance.

Summary procedure on Bills of 1 Exchange (Ireland).

Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c. Indian Civil Service Indian Councils

Tramways (Scotland)

Salary of Lord Clerk Register (Scotland).

County Voters Registration, (Scotland).

Conjugal rights (Scotland) Accessories and abettors I Larceny -

Malicious injuries to property -Forgery

S. 1 repealed J- Repealed Ss. 8, 12 repealed -

19 (Stat. Law Rev.)

S. 12 repealed -Ss. 2, 4 repealed -S. 35 repealed -, Ss. 29-32 repealed Ss. 19, 23, 24, Schs. A., B. repealed.

S. 6 rep. (except as to I.) Repealed -Ss. 1, 21 rep.

S. 36 repealed S. 13 repealed Ss. 1, 2, 4 repealed Ss. 4, 8, 13 repealed S. 3 repealed

Rep., except ss. 4, 5, 9, 10. S. 3 repealed

- Repealed

48.

1

19 (Stat. Law Rev.)

Ss. 45, 46, 55 repealed -

S. 1 repealed

Ss. 10, 22, 29, amended;

ss. 13, 82 repealed.

Ss. 16, 35 rep.

Ss. 9, 10 repealed Repealed

14.

Ss. 6, 9, 11-21, 23-41, 44,

) 45, Schs. repealed.

! S. 12 repealed ! S. 11 repealed -Ss. 118, 123 repealed -Ss. 74, 79 repealed, Ss. 53, 56 repealed J

19 (Stat. Law Rev.)

Sgitized

688

Effect of Legislation.

[55 & 56 Tier.

[Short Title.]

Statute and Chapter. Subject-matter or How affected. Chapter of 55 & 56 Vict.

24 & 25 Vict. — cout.

c. Offences relating to the coin Ss. 39, 48 repealed

c. 100 Offences against the person Ss. 69, 79 repealed

c. 104 High Courts of Judicature (India) S. 1 repealed

c. 109 Salmon Fishery - S. 8 repealed ! 19 (Stat. Law ' Rev.)

c. 110 Old Metal Dealers S. 2 repealed

C. Ill Probates and Letters of Administration (Ireland). S. 2 repealed

c. 112 Disfranchisement of Sudbury and Saint Albans. Ss. 11, 12, 14, 15 rep.

C. 116 Knights of Windsor Repealed - 34.

c. 118 East India Loan Repealed 119 (Stat. Law

c. 124 Metropolitan Police S. 10 repealed / Rev.)

25 & 26 Vict.:

C. 101 Burgh Police (Scotland) - Rep. (with savings) 55, s. 6.

26 & 27 Vict.:

c. 65 Volunteer Act - S. 25 ext., ss. 31-40 rep. 43.

c. 112 Telegraphs - Extended 59, ss. 8, 8.

28 & 29 Vict.:

c. 16 Bank of Ireland - Repealed 48.

29 & 30 Vict.:

c. 25 Exchequer Bills and Bonds S. 29 repealed 48.

c. 114 Public Libraries Repealed 53.

80 & 81 Vict;

c. 100 Naval Knights of Windsor Repealed 84.

81 & 82 Vict.:

c. 61 Consular Marriage Repealed 23.

c. 102 General Police and Improvement (Scotland). Rep. (with eavings) 55, 8. 6.

c. 107 I Indorsing of warrants Extended 55, s. 475.

c. 108 Municipal Elections (Scotland) - 8. 9 rep. in part and am.; Sch. B. virt. rep. 55, a. 41.

82 & 38 Vict. c. 44 Greenwich Hospital S. 18 repealed 34.

c. 95 Millbank Prison Repealed - 1.

83 & 34 Vict.:

c. 14 Naturalisation - S. 11, "and of the marriages " to " legations " repealed. 23.

c. 71 National Debt - Ss. 40, 64 repealed - 48.

84 & 35 Vict.:

c. 71 Public Libraries - Repealed - 58.

C. 86 Regulation of the Forces 8. 17 repealed - 48.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 34 Bank of England (Election of Directors). Repealed prospectively - 48.

88 & 39 Vict. c. 89 Public Works Loans S. 10 amended - 61.

40 & 41 Vict.:

c. 2 Treasury Bills - Ss. 11, 12 from "the allowance, " repealed. 48.

c. 22 General Police and Improvement (Scotland). Rep. (with savings) 55, 8. 6.

c. 59 Colonial Stock - Amended - 35.

41 & 42 Vict.:

c. 80 General Police and Improvement (Scotland). Rep. (with savings) 55, s. 6.

c. 51 Roads and Bridges (Scotland) - Amended 12.

c. 74 Contagious Diseases (Animals) S. 83 (8) amended 47.

c. 76 Telegraphs ... Extended 59, ss. 3, 8.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 77 Public Works Loans - S. 2 amended 61.

48 & 44 Vict. c. 8 Isle of Man Loans - S. 6 amended 85.

44 & 45 Vict.:

c. 37 ! Alkali, &c. Works Regulation - Amended 30.

c. 41 Conveyancing and Law of S. 14 (3) ext.; s. 14 (6) 13, ss. 2, 5.

1 Property. amended. 1

A.D. 1892.

Effect of Legisl

689

Statute Chapter

[Short Title.]

and Subject-matter or How affected. of

Chapter. 55 & 56 Vict,

44 & 45 Vict. —

cont.

c. 49 Land Law (Ireland) S. 81 amended - 65, s. 8.

c. 58 Army - Ss. 44, 80, Schedule II. 2.

amended.

45 & 46 Vict.:

c. 6 General Police and Improve- Rep. (with savings) 55, s. 6.

ment (Scotland).

c. 89 Conveyancing - S. 5 amended 18, s. 6.

c. 50 Municipal Corporations - S. 172 repealed - 56.

c. 73 Ancient Monuments Protection - Amended as to Ireland - 46.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 60 Labourers (Ireland) S. 6 amended 7.

47 & 48 Vict. c. 37 48 & 49 Vict.: Public Libraries Repealed as to England - 58.

c. 36 Artillery and Rifle Ranges Repealed (except s. 3) - 48.

c. 42 Greenwich Hospital S. 7 repealed 34.

c. 78 Purchase of Land (Ireland) S. 17 amended 45.

Schedule virtually rep. - 61, s. 5.

c. 77 Labourers (Ireland) S. 16 amended 7.

49 & 50 Vict.:

c. 5 Drill Grounds - - Repealed - 43.

c. 59 Labourers (Ireland) S. 12 amended - 7.

50 & 51 Vict:

c. 16 National Debt and Local Loans - S. 18 repealed 48.

c. 22 Public Libraries Repealed - - 58.

c. 71 Coroners - Ss. 18, 83 from " and the 56.

appointment/' repealed.

51 & 52 Vict:

c. 2 National Debt (Conversion) S. 31 repealed - 48.

o. 14 Customs (Wine Duty) - Repealed 16.

c. 25 Railway and Canal Traffic S. 24 amended 44.

c. 42 Mortmain and Charitable Uses - S. 6 extended 11.

52 & 53 Vict:

c. 4 National Debt Redemption S. 17 repealed 48.

c. 9 Public Libraries - Repealed - 53.

c. 82 Trust Investment S. 8 O') rirt extended - x., s. 25.

c. 50 Local Government (Scotland) - 8.16 (2) (c) rep. in part-S. 22 (6) repealed 12. 51.

c. 51 General Police and Improvement Rep. (with savings) 55, s. 6.

(Scotland).

c. 56 Poor Law - S. 1 amended as to I. 5.

53 & 54 Vict:

c. 14 Contagious Diseases (Animals) Amended - 47.

(Pleuro-pneumonia).

c. 25 > Barracks - Ss. 2, 8 repealed - 43.

c. 47 c. 60 Marriage - Local Taxation (Customs and Repealed - Explained and amended - 23. 63.

, Excise).

c. 68 Public Libraries - Repealed - 53.

c. 70 1 Housing of the Working Classes Amended as to Scotland, s. 96 (2) restricted. 22.

54 & 55 Vict:

c. 18 i Taxes (Regulation of Remunera- Amended - 25.

tion).

c. 48 Forged Transfers - S. 1 (1) (2) amended - 36.

Post Office - - Am. as to S., Ext. (in 24.

c. 46 | part) to Isle of Man and Channel Islands.

c. 54 1 Ranges ... Rep. (except s. 11 in part) 43.

c. 74 [Foreign Marriage - - Repealed 1 28. i

[Local, private acts in classes removed.]

