THE

LAW REPORTS.

The Public General Statutes,

PASSED IN THE SIXTH YEAR

OF THE REIGN OF HIS MAJESTY

KING EDWARD THE SEVENTH.

1906.

VOL. XLIV.

LONDON:

PRINTED BY EYRE AND SPOTTISWOODE,

FOR

ROWLAND BAILEY, Esq., M.V.O.,

PRINTER TO HIS MAJESTY OF ALL ACTS OF PARLIAMENT,

And Published for the Council of Law Reporting

10, OLD SQUARE, LINCOLN’S INN, W.C.

1906.

CONTENTS.

Table Page

I. Table of the Titles of the Public General Acts passed during the Session - iii

THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

II. Table of the Titles of the Local and Private Acts (including the Public Acts of a Local Character) passed during the Session Arranged According to Chapter - 349

IIa. Table of the Titles of the Local and Private Acts (including the Public Acts of a Local Character) passed during the Session arranged Alphabetically - 373

III. Table showing the Effect of the Year’s Legislation on Public General Acts - 380

IV. Table of the Local and Private Acts arranged in Classes - 385

V. Index to the Public General Acts - 397

TABLE I

A

TABLE

OF

The Titles of the Public General Acts passed in the First Session of the Twenty-Eighth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

6 EDWARD VII. A.D. 1906.

1. AN Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and six and one thousand nine hundred and seven. (Consolidated Fund (No. 1).)

2. An Act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army. (Army (Annual).)

3. An Act to make provision with respect to loans and sales made for the purpose of the supply of Seed Potatoes to occupiers and cultivators of land in Ireland. (Seed Potatoes Supply (Ireland).)

4. An Act to extend certain provisions of the Post Office (Money Orders) Acts to Money Orders transmitted to and from Foreign States and British Protectorates. (Post Office (Money Orders).)

5. An Act to amend the Law relating to the falsification of Seamen's and Soldiers' Certificates of Service or Discharge, and to false statements made, used, or given in connection with Entry or Enlistment into His Majesty's Naval, Military, or Marine Forces. (Seamen's and Soldiers' False Characters.)

6. An Act to facilitate the proceedings of the Commissioners appointed to hold an Inquiry respecting the Duties of the Metropolitan Police in dealing with cases of Drunkenness, Disorder, and Solicitation in the Streets. (Metropolitan Police (Commission).)

7. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Superannuation of Constables. (Police (Superannuation).)

8. An Act to grant certain duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other duties, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue and the National Debt, and to make other provisions for the financial arrangements of the year. (Finance.)

9. An Act to amend the Indian Railways Act, 1804. (Indian Railways Act Amendment.)

10. An Act to provide for the Education and Conveyance to School of Epileptic and Crippled and Defective Children. (Education of Defective Children (Scotland).)

11. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Reserve Forces. (Reserve Forces.)

12. An Act to amend the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882. (Municipal Corporations Amendment.)

13. An Act to continue the Wireless Telegraphy Act, 1904. (Wireless Telegraphy.)

14. An Act to consolidate and amend the Alkali, &c. Works Regulation Acts, 1881 and 1892. (Alkali, &c., Works Regulation.)

15. An Act to include Bribery amongst Extradition Crimes. (Extradition.)

16. An Act to amend the Law relating to Justices of the Peace. (Justices of the Peace.)

17. An Act to amend section eighty-two of the Bills of Exchange Act, 1882. (Bills of Exchange (Crossed Cheques).)

18. An Act to amend the Law with respect to Customs Duties in the Isle of Man. (Isle of Man (Customs).)

19. An Act to make further provision with respect to the Revenues of the Deanery of Manchester. (Deanery of Manchester.)

20. An Act to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue, and for other purposes connected with Finance. (Revenue.)

21. An Act to amend the Ground Game Act, 1880. (Ground Game (Amendment).)

22. An Act to facilitate the Transmission by Post of Books and Papers impressed for the use of the Blind. (Post Office (Literature for the Blind).)

23. An Act to amend the Acts relating to Charitable Loan Societies in Ireland. (Charitable Loan Societies (Ireland).)

24. An Act to amend the Solicitors Acts. (Solicitors.)

25. An Act to consolidate Enactments relating to Open Spaces. (Open Spaces.)

26. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and seven, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. (Appropriation.)

27. An Act to amend the law with respect to the sale of Agricultural Fertilisers and Feeding Stuffs. (Fertilisers and Feeding Stuffs.)

28. An Act to amend the Crown Lands Acts, 1829 to 1894. (Crown Lands.)

29. An Act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans out of the Local Loans Fund, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans. (Public Works Loans.)

30. An Act to declare the law with respect to a marriage between a man and his deceased wife's sister domiciled in parts of the British Possessions where such a marriage is legal. (Colonial Marriages (Deceased Wife's Sister).)

31. An Act to amend the Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1898, with respect to bridges. (Local Government (Ireland) Act, (1898) Amendment.)

32. An Act to consolidate and amend the Enactments relating to injury to live stock by Dogs, and otherwise to amend the Law relating to Dogs. (Dogs.)

33. An Act to transfer to the Local Government Board the Powers of the Treasury under enactments relating to Local Authorities. (Local Authorities (Treasury Powers).)

34. An Act for the better Prevention of Corruption. (Prevention of Corruption.)

35. An Act to amend the Fatal Accidents Inquiry (Scotland) Act, 1895, and to make further provision for Inquiry into Sudden and Suspicious Deaths in Scotland. (Fatal Accidents and Sudden Deaths Inquiry (Scotland).)

36. An Act to amend the Law relating to Musical Copyright. (Musical Copyright.)

37. An Act to amend the Law relating to Labourers in Ireland and to make provision with respect to the application of portion of the Ireland Development Grant. (Labourers (Ireland).)

38. An Act to further promote the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing Enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary. (Statute Law Revision (Scotland).)

39. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Sale of Intoxicating Liquors in Ireland on Saturdays and Sundays, and for other purposes connected therewith. (Intoxicating Liquors (Ireland).)

40. An Act to amend the Law with respect to Marriages between British subjects and Foreigners. (Marriage with Foreigners.)

41. An Act to codify the Law relating to Marine Insurance. (Marine Insurance.)

42. An Act to remove doubts as to the manner in which the powers and duties of justices acting in and for a borough may be exercised under the Licensing Acts, 1828 to 1904. (Licensing.)

43. An Act for the Suppression of Betting in Streets and other Public Places. (Street Betting.)

44. An Act to amend the Law with respect to the consent required for the use of ground for burials and the construction of Cemeteries. (Burial.)

45. An Act to repeal the provisions of the Metropolitan Police Act, 1839 with respect to the removal of Offensive Matter in places within the Metropolitan Police District. (Removal of Offensive Matter.)

46. An Act to make provision as to the appointment of Deputies for Recorders, Stipendiary Magistrates, and Clerks of the Peace, and for the temporary performance of the duties of those officers in case of vacancies. (Recorders, Stipendiary Magistrates, and Clerks of the Peace.)

47. An Act to provide for the regulation of Trades Unions and Trade Disputes. (Trade Disputes.)

48. An Act to amend the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1894 to 1900. (Merchant Shipping.)

49. An Act to provide for taking a Census of Production. (Census of Production.)

50. An Act to establish a Board of Trustees to manage the National Galleries of Scotland; and for other purposes. (National Galleries of Scotland.)

51. An Act to continue various Expiring Laws. (Expiring Laws Continuance.)

52. An Act to appoint additional Commissioners for executing the Acts granting a Land Tax and other Rates and Taxes, and to remove the qualification by estate required in the case of all such Commissioners, whether appointed under this or any previous Act. (Land Tax Commissioners.)

53. An Act to amend the law relating to Returns and Notifications of Accidents in Mines, Quarries, Factories, and Workshops, and under the Notice of Accidents Act, 1894. (Notice of Accidents.)

54. An Act to improve the position of Tenants of certain Houses, Shops, or other Buildings in Ireland. (Town Tenants (Ireland).)

55. An Act to provide for the appointment of a Public Trustee and to amend the Law relating to the administration of Trusts. (Public Trustee.)

56. An Act to amend the Law relating to Agricultural Holdings. (Agricultural Holdings.)

57. An Act to make provision for Meals for Children attending Public Elementary Schools in England and Wales. (Education (Provision of Meals).)

58. An Act to consolidate and amend the Law with respect to Compensation to Workmen for Injuries suffered in the course of their employment. (Workmen's Compensation.)

THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES.

6 Edward 7.

CHAPTER 1.

An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and six and one thousand nine hundred and seven.

[30th March 1906.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sums herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

---

[Issue of

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of jay the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply out of t^e towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the Consolidated service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one ^vice of the thousand nine hundred and six the sum of one hundred and year ending twenty thousand five hundred and eighty pounds. ^ist March

[Issue of

2. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of ^sssooooz the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply Out of the ' towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the Consolidated service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one Svke of the thousand nine hundred and seven the sum of forty-two million year ending eight hundred and fifty-five thousand nine hundred pounds. 1907 March

3. — (1) The Treasury may borrow from any person, by the power for the issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England Treasury to and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on the borrow* credit of the said sums, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole forty-two million nine hundred and seventy-six thousand four hundred and eighty pounds, u 44370,

2

Ch. 1, 2.

Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 2.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and seven, and section six of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills), shall not apply with respect to those bills.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding five pounds per cent, per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

[Short title.]

4. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1906.

CHAPTER 2.

An Act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

[30th March 1906.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping of a standing army within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in time of peace, unless it be with the consent of Parliament, is against law:

And whereas it is adjudged necessary by His Majesty and this present Parliament that a body of forces should be continued for the safety of the United Kingdom and the defence of the possessions of His Majesty's Crown, and that the whole number of such forces should consist of two hundred and four thousand one hundred, including those to be employed at the depots in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the training of recruits for service at home and abroad, but exclusive of the numbers actually serving within His Majesty's Indian possessions:

And whereas it is also judged necessary for the safety of the United Kingdom, and the defence of the possessions of this realm, that a body of Royal Marine forces should be employed in His Majesty's fleet and naval service, under the direction of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid:

And whereas the said marine forces may frequently be quartered or be on shore, or sent to do duty or be on board transport ships or vessels, merchant ships or vessels, or other ships or vessels, or they may be under other circumstances in which they will not be subject to the laws relating to the government of His Majesty's forces by sea:

1906.

Army (Annual) Act, 1906. Ch. 2.

3

And whereas no man can be forejudged of life or limb, or subjected in time of peace to any kind of punishment within this realm, by martial law, or in any other manner than by the judgment of his peers and according to the known and established laws of this realm; yet nevertheless, it being requisite, for the retaining all the before-mentioned forces, and other persons subject to military law, in their duty, that an exact discipline be observed, and that persons belonging to the said forces who mutiny or stir up sedition, or desert His Majesty's service, or are guilty of crimes and offences to the prejudice of good order and military discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the usual forms of the law will allow:

And whereas the Army Act will expire in the year one thousand nine hundred and six on the following days:

(a) In the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and the

Isle of Man, on the thirtieth day of April; and (b) Elsewhere in Europe, inclusive of Malta, also in the West Indies and America, on the thirty-first day of July; and

(c) Elsewhere, whether within or without His Majesty's dominions, on the thirty-first day of December:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Army (Annual) Act, 1906.

2. — (1) The Army Act shall be and remain in force during the periods herein-after mentioned, and no longer, unless otherwise provided by Parliament (that is to say): —

(a) Within the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and the Isle of Man, from the thirtieth day of April one thousand nine hundred and six to the thirtieth day of April one thousand nine hundred and seven, both inclusive; and

(b) Elsewhere in Europe, inclusive of Malta, also in the West Indies and America, from the thirty-first day of July one thousand nine hundred and six to the thirty-first day of July one thousand nine hundred and seven, both inclusive; and

(c) Elsewhere, whether within or without His Majesty's dominions, from the thirty-first day of December one thousand nine hundred and six to the thirty-first day of December one thousand nine hundred and seven, both inclusive.

(2) The Army Act, while in force, shall apply to persons subject to military law, whether within or without His Majesty's dominions.

(3) A person subject to military law shall not be exempted from the provisions of the Army Act by reason only that the

44 & 45 Vict. c. 58.

[Short title.]

Army Act to be in force for specified times.

4

Ch. 2.

Army (Annual), 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Prices in respect of billeting.

Power to award detention instead of imprisonment as punishment for military offences.

number of the forces for the time being in the service of His Majesty, exclusive of the marine forces, is either greater or less than the number herein-before mentioned.

3. There shall be paid to the keeper of a victualling house for the accommodation provided by him in pursuance of the Army Act the prices specified in the Schedule to this Act.

Amendments of Army Act.

4. For the purpose of preventing soldiers convicted of offences against discipline under the Army Act, and not discharged with ignominy, from being subjected to the stigma attaching to imprisonment, the following amendments shall be made in the Army Act:

(1) In section forty-four —

(i) After paragraph h there shall be added as an additional paragraph —

" k kDetention for a term not exceeding two years ";

(ii) After proviso (1) there shall be added as an additional proviso —

"(1a) For the purposes of commutation and revision of punishment, detention shall not be deemed to be a less punishment than imprisonment if the term of detention is longer than the term of imprisonment."

(2) The word "detention" shall be substituted for the word "imprisonment" in proviso (10) to section forty-four, and for the words "imprisonment with or without hard labour" and "imprisonment," wherever those words occur in section forty-six.

(3) In subsection (5) of section forty-seven for the words

"death or penal servitude or of imprisonment" there shall be substituted the words "death, penal servitude, or imprisonment, or of detention."

(4) In subsection (3) of section fifty, section fifty-one, section fifty-two, subsections (3), (4), and (8) of section fifty-three, subsections (3) and (4) of section fifty-four, and section fifty-six, the word "accused" shall be substituted for the word "prisoner" wherever that word occurs; and in subsection (9) of section fifty-three and subsection (1) of section fifty-four, the words "person under sentence" shall be substituted for the word "prisoner."

(5) For paragraph (1) of section one hundred and thirty-eight the following paragraph shall be substituted:— " (1) All ordinary pay for every day of absence either on desertion or without leave, or as a prisoner of war, and for every day of imprisonment awarded by a civil court or court-martial, or, if he is on

1906.

Army (Annual), 1906. Ch. 2. 5

board one of His Majesty's ships, by the commanding officer of that ship, for every day of detention awarded by a court-martial or by his commanding officer, and for every day whilst he is in custody on a charge for an offence of which he is afterwards convicted by a civil court or court-martial, or on a charge of absence without leave for which he is afterwards awarded detention by his commanding officer."

(6) After section one hundred and thirty-five, the following section shall be added as a new section: —

" 135 A. — (1) A soldier sentenced to detention shall undergo the term of his detention either in military custody or in a detention barrack, or partly in one way and partly in the other.

" (2) A soldier sentenced to imprisonment, or any other person liable to be imprisoned in a military prison, may be confined in a detention barrack, but a soldier sentenced to detention shall not be confined in a prison.

" (3) Subject to the foregoing provisions of this section, the provisions of this Act (other than proviso (4) to section forty-four) relating to imprisonment, military prisoners, and military prisons, shall apply to detention, soldiers undergoing detention, and detention barracks:

" Provided that a detention barrack shall not be deemed to be a public prison for the purposes of subsection (3) of section sixty-three of this Act, so far as that subsection relates to the manner in which a military prisoner is to be dealt with."

5. — (1) For paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section Amendment of thirteen of the Army Act (which relates to fraudulent enlist-merit) the following paragraph shall be substituted:— listmentjn

"(a) When belonging to either the regular forces, or the colomaltaw-militia when embodied, or the yeomanry when called out for actual military service, without having obtained a regular discharge therefrom, or otherwise fulfilled the conditions enabling him to enlist or enrol, enlists or enrols himself in His Majesty's regular forces or in any force raised in India or a colony."

(2) In subsection (1) of section one hundred and eighty-one of the Army Act (which modifies that Act with respect to the auxiliary forces) for the words "enlists or attempts to enlist in the regular forces" there shall be substituted the words "enlists or enrols himself, or attempts to enlist or enrol himself,

" in the regular forces or in a force raised in India or a " colony."

6

Ch. 2.

Army (Annual), 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

As to mode of complaint by soldiers.

As to punishments of noncommissioned officers.

As to competent military authority for t he purposes of s. 73.

As to military prisons.

61 & 62 Vict. c. 41.

53 & 51 Vict. c. 71.

As to the application of military law to reservists.

6. In section forty-three of the Army Act (which relates to the mode of complaint by soldiers), for the words "to the " general or other officer commanding the district or station " where the soldier is serving, " there shall be substituted the words "to the prescribed general officer."

7. — (1) For paragraph m of section forty-four of the Army Act (which relates to punishments of non-commissioned officers) the following paragraph shall be substituted:—

" m. In the case of a non-commissioned officer, forfeiture, in the prescribed manner, of seniority of rank, or reduction to a lower grade, or to the ranks."

(2) In paragraph (3) of section one hundred and eighty-three of the Army Act (which relates to non-commissioned officers), for the words "may be reduced by sentence of a court-martial, " there should be substituted the words "may, by the sentence " of a court-martial, be ordered to forfeit seniority of rank or " be reduced."

8. In subsection (3) of section seventy-three of the Army Act (which relates to the competent military authority in case of confession of desertion or fraudulent enlistment) for the words "or any general or other officer commanding a military district " there shall be substituted the words "or any prescribed general officer."

9. — (1) Rules made under subsection (2) of section one hundred and thirty-three of the Army Act (which relates to military prisons) shall not authorise the infliction of corporal punishment for any offence, and accordingly in that subsection the words "not exceeding twenty-five lashes in the case of " corporal punishment, " and the words "in addition to the " offences for which such punishment can be inflicted in " pursuance of the Prison Act, 1865, and the Prison Act, 1877 " shall be repealed.

(2) In the same subsection, after the words "military prisoners therein " there shall be inserted the words "and for " enabling such prisoners to earn, by special industry and good " conduct, a remission of a portion of their sentence."

(3) In the same subsection, for the words "regulations in the " Prison Act, 1865, and in the Prison Act, 1877, as to the duties " of gaolers, medical officers, and coroners, " there shall be substituted the words "regulations made under the Prison Act, " 1898, as to the duties of gaolers and medical officers and all " regulations contained in the Coroners Act, 1887, as to the " duties of coroners with respect to inquests in prisons."

10. At the end of paragraph (5) of section one hundred and seventy-six of the Army Act (which relates to the application of military law to the reserve forces) there shall be added:—

"and

" (d) when employed in military service under the orders of an officer of the regular forces."

1906.

Army (Annual), 1906 *

Oh, 2, 3.

7

SCHEDULE.

Accommodation to be provided. Maximum Price.

Lodging and attendance for soldier where hot meal furnished. Fourpence per night.

Hot meal as specified in Part I. of the Second Schedule to the Army Act. One shilling and three pence halfpenny each.

Breakfast as so specified - One penny halfpenny each.

Where no hot meal furnished, lodging and attendance, and candles, vinegar, salt, and the use of fire, and the necessary utensils for dressing and eating his meat. Fourpence per day.

Ten pounds of oats, twelve pounds of hay, and eight pounds of straw per day for each horse. One shilling and nine-pence per day.

Lodging and attendance for officer - Two shillings per night.

Note. — An officer shall pay for his food.

CHAPTER 3.

An Act to make provision with respect to loans and sales made for the purpose of the supply of Seed Potatoes to occupiers and cultivators of land in Ireland.

[29th May 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1.- — (1) Where at any time between the first of December validation and nineteen hundred and four and the first of September nineteen hundred and five the Board of Works have, with the consent of of feed

the Treasury and the approval of the Local Government Board, potatoes, made out of moneys at their disposal for the purpose of local loans any loan to the guardians of any union for the purpose of providing seed potatoes, the loan shall be deemed to have been legally made and shall be repayable by the guardians to the Board of Works by two equal instalments, the first of which shall be paid on the first day of February nineteen hundred and seven and the second on the first day of February nineteen hundred and eight, with interest at the rate of three and a half

8

Ch. 3. Seed Potatoes Supply (Ireland) Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

per cent, per annum on the loan or any outstanding balance thereof from the date of the advance to the date of repayment, and the poor rate leviable in the union shall as from the date of the loan, without any deed of mortgage or other instrument, be and be deemed to have been charged with the repayment thereof and interest by the said instalments.

(2) If at any time the Board of Works certify that any sum is payable to them by the guardians of any union on account of any loan or interest as aforesaid, the Local Government Board shall, by order under their seal, assess that sum on the union and send copies of the order to the guardians and the treasurer of the union; and within one month of the receipt of the copy of the order the treasurer of the union shall, out of any money then in his hands to the credit of the guardians, or, if such money is insufficient, then out of all moneys subsequently received by him on account of the guardians, pay the amount specified in the order to the Board of Works.

Validation of 2. — (1) Where at any time between the first of December

6eed potatoes ninefeei1 hundred and four and the first of September nineteen by guardians hundred and five the guardians of any union have, with the prepayment sanction of the Local Government Board, provided a supply of purchasers. seed potatoes for the use of any district electoral division of their union, and have sold any such potatoes to any occupier or cultivator of land in that electoral division, the sale shall be deemed to have been legally made, and any sum due to the guardians on account thereof shall be paid by two equal instalments, and the guardians shall certify the amount of each instalment to the council of the county comprising the electoral division affected.

(2) For obtaining payment of each instalment due from any person the county council or urban district council, as the case may be, shall levy the amount, where the person is rated to the poor rate, by a special rate to be added to the poor rate assessed on the tenements occupied by him and to be collected therewith.

(3) Where any such person is not rated to the poor rate, the county council or urban district council shall make a special rate for the purposes of this Act to which he shall be rated.

(4) Every such last-mentioned special rate shall be recoverable in the same manner and with the same remedies by the collectors of the poor rate as if it were poor rate, and shall be paid by the county council or urban district council to the guardians.

(5) Where the poor rate is collected in two moieties the special rate required for the purposes of this Act shall be collected with the first moiety of the poor rate.

(6) The first of the special rates required for the purposes of this Act shall be made at the same time as the first ordinary poor rate made during the year nineteen hundred and six, and the second of those rates shall be made at the same time as the first ordinary poor rate made during the year nineteen hundred

1906.

Seed Potatoes Supply (Ireland) , 1906. Cii. 3, 4. 9

and seven: Provided that where the first ordinary poor rate made during the year nineteen hundred and six was made before the passing of this Act and the first special rate was not made therewith, then the amount of the instalment payable by any purchaser which would have been leviable by that rate shall be added to the amount of the second instalment payable by him, and the total amount of both instalments shall be levied by the special rate made at the same time as the first ordinary poor rate made during the year nineteen hundred and seven.

(7) The first instalment payable by each purchaser of seed potatoes shall be due on the day on which the first of such special rates is made, and the second instalment shall be due on the day on which the second of such special rates is made.

Any such instalment may be paid to the guardians at any earlier date.

3. No electoral disability or loss of parliamentary or other Saving as to franchise shall be incurred by any voter by reason of the purchase of seed potatoes under this Act, nor shall any person tion.

be or be deemed to have been disqualified under any Article in the Schedule to the Local Government (Application of Enactments) Order, 1898, by reason of his having entered into a contract for such purchase.

4. All orders and regulations made, sanctions given, and Validation of things done by the Local Government Board in relation to the Lo<»i8, (^vern provision during the period in that behalf in this Act mentioned ment Board" of seed potatoes by the guardians of any union, and any rate

made before the passing of this Act which would have been valid if this Act had previously passed, shall be and be deemed to have been valid and effectual for all purposes.

5. In this Act —

The expression "the Local Government Board" means the Local Government Board for Ireland; and The expression "the Board of Works" means the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland.

6. This Act may be cited as the Seed Potatoes Supply short title. (Ireland) Act, 1906.

CHAPTER 4.

An Act to extend certain provisions of the Post Office (Money Orders) Acts to Money Orders transmitted to and from Foreign States and British Protectorates.

[29th May 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

10

Ch. 4, 5. Post Office (Money Orders) Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Extension of 1. The provisions of section four of the Post Office (Money J658 4s7 I^o Orders) Act, 1883, shall extend to any case where an arrange-

foreign states ment is made with the government, or with any person on and British behalf, of a foreign state or British protectorate for the transprotectorates. injgsion of sman gums through the post offices of the United Kingdom and the foreign state or British protectorate by means of money orders of a like character to those issued under the 43 & 44 Vict. Post Office (Money Orders) Act, 1880, as amended by any c. 33. subsequent enactment.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Post Office (Money Orders) Act, 1906, and may be cited with the Post Office Acts, 1837 to 1904, and may also be cited, and shall be construed as one, with the Post Office (Money Orders) Acts, 1848 to 1904.

CHAPTER 5.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the falsification of Seamen’s and Soldiers’ Certificates of Service or Discharge, and to false statements made, used, or given in connection with Entry or Enlistment into His Majesty's Naval, Military, or Marine Forces.

[22nd June 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Forgery of service or discharge certificate and personation.

1. — (1) If any person forges the certificate of service or discharge of any seaman or soldier, or any certificate purporting to be a certificate of service or discharge of a seaman or soldier, or utters any such certificate knowing it to be forged, or obtains or seeks to obtain any employment or other advantage by means of any forged or counterfeit certificate of service or discharge, or personates the holder of a certificate of service or discharge, he shall on conviction under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts be liable in the case of a first offence to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for a term not exceeding one month, or to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, and in the case of a second or subsequent offence to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for a term not exceeding three months.

(2) For the purposes of this section the expression "seaman" means a man who has served in His Majesty's naval forces, and the expression "soldier" means a man who has served in His Majesty's military or marine forces.

Penalty on 2. If any man when entering or enlisting i or offering himself

ng for entry or enlistment in His Majesty's naval, military, or mentsfor" marine forces makes use of any forged or counterfeit statement enlistment. as to his character or previous employment, or any . statement

1906.

11

Seamen's and Soldiers' False Characters Ch. 5, 6. Act, 1906.

as to his character or previous employment which to his knowledge is false in any material particular, he shall be liable, on conviction under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts, to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds; and if any person makes a written statement as to the character or previous employment of any man which he knows to be false in any material particular, and which he allows or intends to be used for the purpose of the entry or enlistment of that man into His Majesty's naval, military, or marine forces, he shall be liable, on conviction under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts, to the like fine.

3. In section sixteen of the Naval Enlistment Act, 1853 (which imposes a penalty on persons who make or give a false statement upon entering or offering themselves to enter the naval service of His Majesty), the expression "naval service " shall include service in any of the naval reserve forces.

4. This Act may be cited as the Seamen’s and Soldiers’ False Characters Act, 1906.

CHAPTER 6.

An Act to facilitate the proceedings of the Commissioners appointed to hold an Inquiry respecting the Duties of the Metropolitan Police in dealing with cases of Drunkenness, Disorder, and Solicitation in the Streets.

[22nd June 1906.]

WHEREAS a Commission has been issued by His Majesty whereby the Right Honourable Alfred Lyttelton, K.C., Willoughby Hyett Dickinson, Esquire, M.P., Rufus Daniel Isaacs, Esquire, K.C., M.P., David Brynmor Jones, Esquire, K.C., M.P., and Charles Algernon Whitmore, Esquire (hereinafter referred to as " the Commissioners "), have been authorised and directed to inquire into and report upon the duties of the Metropolitan Police in dealing with cases of drunkenness, disorder, and solicitation in the streets, and the manner in which those duties are discharged, with power to make recommendations thereon:

And whereas it is desirable to make provision for the more effective conduct by the Commissioners of any inquiry which they may be authorised to make:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) The Commissioners shall have all such powers, rights, and privileges as are vested in the High Court, or in any

Extension of 16 & 17 Vict. c. 69. s. 16 to naval reserves.

[Short title.]

Powers of Commissioners.

12

Ch. 6. Metropolitan Police (Commi) Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Indemnity to witnesses.

[Short title.]

judge thereof, on the occasion of any action, in respect of the following matters: —

(i) The enforcing the attendance of witnesses and examining

them on oath, affirmation, or otherwise; and

(ii) The compelling the production of documents; and

(iii) The punishing persons guilty of contempt;

and a summons signed by one or more of the Commissioners may be substituted for and shall be equivalent to any formal process capable of being issued in any action for enforcing the attendance of witnesses and compelling the production of documents.

(2) A warrant of committal to prison issued for the purpose of enforcing the powers conferred by this section shall be signed by one or more of the Commissioners, and shall specify the prison to which the offender is to be committed, but shall not authorise the imprisonment of an offender for a period exceeding three months.

(3) Every person who on examination on oath or affirmation before the Commissioners wilfully gives false evidence shall be liable to the penalties for perjury.

(4) Any person may appear before the Commissioners by counsel or solicitor, if authorised to do so by the Commissioners.

2. — (1) A person examined as a witness by the Commissioners shall not be excused from answering any question put to him, or from producing any document, on the ground that the answer thereto or production thereof may criminate or tend to criminate him.

(2) Every person examined as a witness, who, in the opinion of the Commissioners, makes a full and true disclosure touching all the matters in respect of which he is examined, shall be entitled to receive a certificate signed by the Commissioners, stating that the witness has, on his examination, made a full and true disclosure as aforesaid.

(3) If any criminal proceeding is at any time thereafter instituted against any such witness in respect of any matter touching which he has been so examined, the court having cognizance of the case shall, on his application, and on proof of the certificate, stay the proceeding.

(4) Nothing in this section shall apply to the case of proceedings for having given false evidence before the Commissioners, or of having procured, or attempted or conspired to procure, the giving of such evidence.

3. This Act may be cited as the Metropolitan Police (Commission) Act, 1906.

1906. Police (Superannuation) Act, 1906. Ch. 7. 13

CHAPTER 7.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Superannuation of Constables.

[22nd June 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) Where a constable in a police force to which the Pensions to

Police Act, 1890, applies is entitled to retire on a pension con‘

without a medical certificate, but continues to serve in the serve after force, the police authority may, if they think fit, direct that he

shall be entitled, on retiring at any time thereafter, to receive a 5°g y?ct. pension not less in amount than that to which he would have c. 45. been entitled if he had retired instead of continuing in the force, and in such case the right to receive on retirement such pension shall not, while the constable continues to serve in the force, be liable to forfeiture, except in the cases in which a pension when granted is liable to forfeiture under section eight of that Act.

(2) Before giving any such direction, and every year thereafter, the police authority shall cause the constable to be examined by some duly qualified medical practitioner, and, if on any such examination it is found that the constable is not physically fit for further service, the police authority shall not permit him to continue to serve in the force.

(3) Where such a direction is given, any extra pay which may be granted to the constable in consideration of his continuing to serve after becoming entitled to retire on pension shall not be reckoned in the calculation of the amount of pension or gratuity awarded under the Police Act, 1890, and

the Police Act, 1893, and no rateable deductions shall be made 56 Vict. c. 10. from such extra pay under section fifteen of the Police Act, 1890.

2. — (1) Where a constable, who has retired without a Reckoning of pension from a police force to which the Police Act, 1890, ^o^tmuoiis applies, subsequently rejoins that force after the passing of proved service this Act, or has so rejoined the force before that date, the police for pension, authority shall allow him to reckon in his approved service the

period of the approved service which he was entitled to reckon at the end of his previous service, if the constable repays to the police authority the amount of any gratuity which may have been granted to him, or of any rateable deductions from his pay which may have been paid to him, by the police authority in respect of his previous service.

(2) The repayment shall be effected by means of deductions from pay or otherwise as the police authority may determine, and all sums so repaid shall be carried to the pension fund.

14

Ch. 7.

Police (Superannuation) Act, 1906. 6 Edw, 7.

Reckoning of approved service in different forces.

Approved service in case of Naval and Army Reservists.

2 Eclw. 7. c. 10.

Amendment of 53 & 54 Vict. c. 45. s. 8 as to forfeiture of pensions.

3. — (1) Where a constable, who has retired without a pension from a police force to which the Police Act, 1890, applies, subsequently joins some other such police force after the passing of this Act or has so joined such other force before that date, the police authority of that other force may, if they think fit, allow him to reckon in his approved service the period of approved service, not being less than three completed years, which he was entitled to reckon at the end of his service in the first-mentioned force if the constable pays to the police authority of that other force the amount of any gratuity which may have been granted to him or of any rateable deduction from his pay which may have been paid to him in respect of his service in the first-mentioned force; but nothing in this provision shall affect a constable’s rights under subsection four of section four of the Police Act, 1890; and subsection two of section fifteen of that Act shall not apply.

(2) The payments by the constable shall be effected by means of deductions from pay, or otherwise as the police authority may determine, and all sums so paid shall be carried to the pension fund.

4. — (1) Where a constable of a police force to which the Police Act, 1890, applies has, in pursuance of a Royal proclamation, been called into actual service as a member of any Royal Naval Reserve force, or been called out for permanent service as a member of the Army Reserve, his period of service under that proclamation may, if the police authority think fit, be reckoned in the computation of approved service.

(2) Subsection (5) of section four of the Police Act, 1890 (which relates to the computation of approved service of constables who belong to the Army Reserve), shall extend to constables who belong to any Royal Naval Reserve force, with the substitution of " required for training or called into actual service" for "called out for training or for permanent service."

(3) The Police Reservists Act, 1902, is, as respects England, hereby repealed.

5. After paragraph (d) of section eight of the Police Act, 1890 (which specifies the oases in which a pension or an allowance under that Act becomes liable to be forfeited wholly or in part and permanently or temporarily), there shall be added the following new paragraphs:—

or —

" (e) if the grantee supplies to any person or publishes in a manner which the police authority consider to be discreditable or improper any information of a confidential nature which he may have obtained in the course of his employment in the police; or

15

1906. Police CSuperannuation), 1906. Ch. 7, 8;

" (/) if the grantee solicits, or, without the consent of the police authority, accepts directly or indirectly any testimonial or gift of a pecuniary Value on his retirement from the police; or " (g) if the grantee enters into or continues in any business occupation or employment as a private detective, after being prohibited to do so by the police authority on any reasonable grounds:

Provided that the decision of a police authority other than the Secretary of State as to forfeiture on any of the grounds aforesaid shall be subject to confirmation by the Secretary of State, but such confirmation shall not affect the right of appeal to quarter sessions conferred by section eleven of the Police Act, 1890."

6. — (1) In a police force to which the Police Act, 1890, Age of com-applies, retirement shall be compulsory for every constable P^ory retire-above the rank of inspector on his attaining sixty-five years of men '

age, except that in special cases the police authority may extend any such constable’s service for a further period, in no case exceeding five years, on being satisfied that the constable’s retirement at sixty-five would be detrimental to the interests of the police force; but nothing in this section shall be construed as in anywise affecting the retirement of a constable holding a rank above that of inspector before the passing of this Act.

(2) Where a constable is compelled to retire under this section, and is not entitled without a medical certificate to retire and receive a pension, he shall be entitled to receive such a pension or may be granted such a gratuity as he would have been entitled to receive or as might have been granted to him had he then retired on a medical certificate.

7. In subsection (1) of section four of the Police Act, 1890, Amendment of after the words "constable belongs " there shall be inserted ^)^cegA^t’ the words "not exceeding the period of the sickness, misconduct, ’

" or neglect of duty, or the period during which he is suspended " from duty on account thereof."

[Short title.]

8. This Act may be cited as the Police (Superannuation) Act, 1906, and this Act may be cited with the Police Acts,

1839 to 1893.

CHAPTER 8.

An Act to grant certain duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other duties, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue and the National Debt, and to make other provisions for the financial arrangements of the year.

[22nd June 1906.]

Ch. 8.

Finance Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

16

Most Gracious Sovereign,

Wf E, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the '' Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray Your Majesty's public expenses, and making an addition to the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several duties hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most.humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Part I.

Customs and Excise.

Duty on tea. 1. In lieu of the duty of customs payable on tea imported into Great Britain or Ireland, there shall, as from the fourteenth day of May nineteen hundred and six, until the fourteenth day of May nineteen hundred and seven, be charged, levied, and paid the following duty (that is to say): —

Tea, the pound - fivepence.

Amendments with respect to duty on stripped tobacco and drawbacks on tobacco.

4 Edw. 7. c. 7.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 7.

2. — (1) As from the first day of May nineteen hundred and six, one halfpenny per pound shall be substituted for threepence per pound as the increase of duty in the case of stripped tobacco under subsection (1) of section two of the Finance Act, 1904, and the rebate under subsection (2) of that section shall cease as from the same day.

(2) As from the twenty-first day of May nineteen hundred and six, the table of rates of drawback set out in the First Schedule to this Act shall be substituted for the table of rates of drawback set out in the Schedule to the Finance Act, 1904.

(3) Subject to any regulations which the Commissioners of Customs may make, stalks, shorts, or other refuse of tobacco (including offal snuff) may be deposited by a licensed manufacturer of tobacco in a bonded warehouse for exportation as merchandise, and any drawback payable thereon shall, notwithstanding anything in section one of the Manufactured Tobacco Act, 1863, be paid with all convenient speed after the deposit.

(4) The Commissioners of Customs may permit, subject to any regulations which they may make, the shipment on drawback for use as stores of British manufactured tobacco, in packages containing such quantities as they may allow, direct from the premises of a licensed manufacturer of tobacco, and the like drawback shall be payable upon the shipment of the tobacco as would be payable upon the deposit of the tobacco in a bonded warehouse to be used as ships’ stores.

Duty on coal to 3. On the first day of November nineteen hundred and cease. six, the duty on coal imposed by section three of the Finance

I Edw. 7. c. 7. Act, 1901, shall cease.

1906.

Finance A, 1906. Ch. 8.

17

4. The additional duties of customs on tobhcco, beer, and Continuance of spirits imposed by sections two, three, four, and five of the Finance

Act, 1900 (including the increased duties imposed by section five drawbacks mi

of that Act), shall continue to be charged, levied, and paid until

the first day of July nineteen hundred and seven, and, as regards cs Vw Vict.

the period for which any additional drawback is allowed under c. 7.

the said section four, July nineteen hundred and seven shall be

substituted for August nineteen hundred and one.

5. The additional duties of excise on beer and spirits imposed Continuance of by sections six and seven of the Finance Act, 1900, shall continue c^duUes mid to be charged, levied, and paid until the first day of July nine- drawbacks on teen hundred and seven, and, as regards the period in respect be?1; au<l

of which any additional drawback is allowed under the said g4 vict section six, July nineteen hundred and seven shall be substituted c. 7 for August nineteen hundred and one.

Part II.

Income Tax and Inhabited House Duty.

6. -(l) Income tax for the year beginning on the sixth day income tax for of April nineteen hundred and six shall be charged at the rate 1906", 907<

of one shilling.

(2) All such enactments relating to income tax as were in force on the fifth day of April nineteen hundred and six shall have full force and effect with respect to the duty of income tax hereby granted.

(3) The annual value of any property, which has been adopted for the purpose either of income tax under Schedules

A. and B. in the Income Tax Act, 1853, or of inhabited house le&irvict. duty, during the year ending on the fifth day of April nineteen c. u. hundred and six, shall be taken as the annual value of such property for the same purpose during the next subsequent year; provided that this subsection —

(a) so far as respects the duty on inhabited houses in Scotland, shall be construed with the substitution of the twenty-fourth day of May for the fifth day of April; and

(/>) shall not apply to the Metropolis as defined by the 32 & 33 Vict. Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869. c*6' *

Part III.

National Debt.

7. — (1) The amount of the permanent annual charge for Reduction of the National Debt under section one of the Sinking Fund Act, g|b^*39 Vict< 1875, shall, during the current financial year, be the sum of c. 4r>. twenty-eight and a half million, instead of twenty-eight million, pounds, and subsection (4) of section seven of the Finance Act,

B

IB

Repeal, -construction, and short title.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 36.

Section 2.

Ch. 8. Finance Act, 1900. C Edw. 7.

1905, shall, as respects the current financial year, have effect accordingly.

(2) Any sums paid into the Exchequer in any year on account of the China indemnity shall be issued and applied in like manner as the new sinking fund.

Part IV.

General.

8. — (1) The Acts specified in the Second Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of that Schedule.

(2) Part I. of this Act so far as it relates to duties of customs shall be construed together with the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876, and the Acts amending that Act, and so far as it relates to duties of excise shall be construed together with the Acts which relate to the duties of excise and the management of those duties.

(3) This Act may be cited as the Finance Act, 1906.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Table of Rates of Drawback.

1 Ordinary Rate. Addition while Additional 1900 Duty is in force. Total while Additional 1900 Duty is in force.

Cigars - - the lb. ft. 3 1 (1. 1 4 1 s. d. 3 5

Cigarettes - the lb. 3 0 4 3 4

Cut, roll, cake, or other manufactured tobacco - the lb. 2 11 4 3 3

Snuff (not being offal snuff) - the lb. | 2 10 i 4 3 2

Stalks, shorts, or other refuse of tobacco (including offal snuff) - the lb. 2 9 | 4 I 3 1

3 036.

Finance Act, 1906. Ch. 8, 9, 10.

19

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Enactments repealed.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. 1 1 j Extent of Repeal.

1 Edw. 7. c. 7. 1 1 1 The Finance Act, 1901 ! Section three and the Fourth Sche-i dule, as from the first day of 1 November nineteen hundred and j six.

4 Edw. 7. c. 7. The Finance Act, 1904 Subsection (2) of section two and 1 the table of rates of drawback in 1 the Schedule.

Section 8.

CHAPTER 9.

An Act to amend the Indian Railways Act, 1894.

[20th July 190CJ

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Indian Railways Act Amendment Act, 1906.

2. Section nine of the Indian Railways Act, 1894, and Repeal.

Part II. of the schedule to the Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 08 Vict‘ 1905, and that part of the preamble of that Act which refers 5 Edw. 7. c. 21. thereto, are hereby repealed.

CHAPTER 10.

An Act to provide for the Education and Conveyance to School of Epileptic and Crippled and Defective Children.

[20th July 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. From and after the commencement of this Act, it shall School boards be lawful for a school board in Scotland, if they think fit, either to make1''01 alone or in combination with one or more school boards, to special provi-make special provision for the education, medical inspection, of de-" and, where required, for the conveyance to and from school of fective chii-epileptic or crippled or defective children between five and clrcn *

20

Ch. 10, 11.

Education of Defective Children (Scotland) Act, 190(1

0 Edw. 7.

Definitions.

Short title, construction, and application.

Extension of Reserve Forces Acts to men when outside the United Kingdom.

45 & 40 Vict,

c. 4$.

sixteen years of age within their education district, and to defray the cost thereof out of the school fund.

2. In this Act the following words and expressions have the meanings herein-after assigned to them (that is to say): —

The expression "epileptic children" means children who, not being idiots or imbeciles, are unfit, by reason of severe epilepsy, to attend the ordinary schools:

The expression "defective children" means children who, not being imbecile, and not being merely dull or backward, are, by reason of mental or physical defect, incapable of receiving proper benefit from the instruction in the ordinary schools.

3. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Education of Defective Children (Scotland) Act, 1906, and shall be construed as one with the Education (Scotland) Acts, 1872 to 1906.

(2) This Act shall apply to Scotland only.

CHAPTER 11.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Reserve Forces.

[20th July 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) Notwithstanding anything in the Reserve Forces Acts, a man belonging to the Army Reserve may, if so authorised by or under the directions of the Secretary of State, reside in any British protectorate or in any part of His Majesty's dominions outside the United Kingdom, and men may be enlisted into the Army Reserve in any British protectorate or in any part of His Majesty's dominions outside the United Kingdom except in a colony possessing responsible government, and those Acts shall, subject to such adaptations as may be made under this section, apply to such men whilst so residing, and to such enlistment.

(2) Regulations made under section twenty of the Reserve Forces Act, 1882, may prescribe the conditions under which men belonging to the Army Reserve may, if so authorised, reside outside the United Kingdom, and the conditions under which men may be enlisted into the Army Reserve outside the United Kingdom, and may make such adaptations in the Reserve Forces Acts as may be necessary for the purpose of adapting those Acts to the circumstances of the several parts of His Majesty's dominions outside the United Kingdom or of British protectorates.

(3) In this section the expression "Reserve Forces Acts" means the Reserve Forces Act, 1882, as amended by any subsequent enactment, and includes any enactment applied by that

1900.

Reserve Forces Act, 1900. Ch. 11, 12.

21

Act as so amended; and the expression "colony possessing responsible government" means any colony which is specified in the Schedule to this Act, or which may hereafter on the grant to the colony of responsible government be added to that Schedule by Order in Council.

2. In subsection (2) of section fourteen of the Reserve Forces Amendment of Act, 1882 (which relates to the appointment and transfer to *54* ^ict* corps of men belonging to the reserve forces when called out

on permanent service), the words "so, however, that he shall not " without his consent be appointed or transferred to a corps " which is not in the arm or branch in which he previously " served " shall be repealed, but this repeal shall not, without his consent, obtained at or after the time of mobilisation, affect any man enlisted before the passing of this Act.

3. This Act may be cited as the Reserve Forces Act, 1906, short title,

and the Reserve Forces' Acts, 1882 and 1890, and so much of *u4g4(i Vict'-the Reserve Forces and Militia Act, 1898, as applies to the reserve «i & 62 Vict, forces, and the Reserve Forces Act, 1899, and the Reserve Forces _4 v Act, 1900, and this Act, may be cited together as the Reserve £ 42.° 10 ’

Forces Acts, 1882 to 1906. ‘>2 & 63 Vict.

’ c. 40.

__________ 63 & 64 Vict.

c. 42.

SCHEDULE.

List of Colonies. section 1.

The Dominion of Canada.

The Commonwealth of Australia.

New Zealand.

Cape Colony.

Natal.

Newfoundland.

CHAPTER 12.

An Act to amend the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882.

[20th July 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Municipal Corporations short title. Amendment Act, 1906, and shall be read as one with the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882.

2. At the end of subsection (e) of section twelve of the Amendment Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, there shall, by virtue of this £ i]' Act, be added the words "or any society registered under the s. 12.

22

tJoutiauance of the Wireless Telegraphy Act, 1904.

4 Edw. 7. c. 24.

[Short title.]

Condensation of muriatic acid gas in alkali works.

Prevention of discharge of noxious and offensive gas ii alkali works.

Cir. 12, 1?>, -14. Municipal Corporations Amendment G Edw. 7.

Act, 1900.

Industrial and Provident Societies Acts, 1893 and 1895, " and all other enactments having reference in any manner to the section aforesaid shall be read and have effect accordingly.

CHAPTER 13.

An Act to continue the Wireless Telegraphy Act, 1904.

[20th July 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Wireless Telegraphy Act, 1904, shall continue in force until the thirty-first day of December one thousand nine hundred and nine, and section six of that Act is hereby repealed.

2. This Act may be cited as the Wireless Telegraphy Act, 1906, and may be cited with the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1904.

CHAPTER 14.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Alkali, &c. Works Regulation Acts, 1881 and 1892.

[4th August 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Part I.

Alkali Works and Alkali Waste.

1. — (1) Every alkali work shall be carried on in such manner as to secure the condensation, to the satisfaction of the chief inspector, of the muriatic acid gas evolved in such work, to tile extent of ninety-five per centum, and to such an extent that in each cubic foot of air, smoke, or chimney gases, escaping from the works into the atmosphere, there is not contained more than one-fifth part of a grain of muriatic acid.

(2) The owner of any alkali work which is carried on in contravention of this section shall be liable to a fine not exceeding in the case of the first offence fifty pounds, and in the case of every subsequent offence one hundred pounds.

2. — (1) In addition to the condensation of muriatic acid gas as aforesaid, the owner of every alkali work shall use the best practicable means for preventing the escape of noxious or offensive gases by the exit Hue of any apparatus used in any process

1900.

Alkali, &c. Works Regulation Act, 1900. Ch. 11.

23

carried on in the work, and for preventing the discharge, whether directly or indirectly, of such gases into the atmosphere, and for rendering such gases where discharged harmless and inoffensive, subject to the qualification that, on the basis of the amount of acid gas per cubic foot, no objection shall be taken under this section by an inspector to any muriatic acid gas in the air, smoke, or gases discharged into the atmosphere by a chimney or other final outlet where the amount of such acid gas in each cubic foot of air, smoke, or gases so discharged does not exceed the amount limited by the last preceding section.

(2) Jf the owner of any alkali work fails, in the opinion of the court having cognizance of the matter, to use such means, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding in the case of the first offence twenty pounds, and in the case of every subsequent offence fifty pounds, with a further sum not exceeding five pounds for every day during which any such subsequent offence has continued.

3. — (1) Every work of whatever description in which any liquid containing either acid or any other substance capable of liberating sulphuretted hydrogen from alkali waste or drainage therefrom is produced or used shall be carried on in such manner that the liquid shall not come in contact with alkali waste, or with drainage therefrom, so as to cause a nuisance.

(2) The owner of any work which is carried on in contravention of this-section shall be liable to a fine not exceeding in the case of the first offence fifty pounds, and in the case of every subsequent offence one hundred pounds, with a further sum not exceeding five pounds for every day during which any such subsequent offence has continued.

(3) On the request of the owner of any such work as is mentioned in this section the sanitary authority of the district in which such work is situate shall, at the expense of such owner, provide and maintain a drain or channel for carrying off such liquid as aforesaid produced in such work into the sea or into any river or watercourse into which the liquid can be carried without contravention of the Rivers Pollution Prevention Act, 1876, as amended by any subsequent enactment; and the sanitary authority shall for the purpose of providing any such drain or channel have the like powers as they have for providing sewers, whether within or without their district, under the Public Health Act.

(4) Compensation shall be made to any person for any damage sustained by him by reason of the exercise by a sanitary authority of the powers conferred by this section, and such compensation shall be deemed part of the expenses to be paid by the owner making the request to the sanitary authority under this section.

4. — (1) Alkali waste shall not be deposited or discharged without the best practicable means being used for effectually preventing any nuisance arising therefrom.

Separation of acids and other substances from alkali waste and drainage therefrom.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 75.

Deposit or discharge of alkali waste.

n

Ch. 14.

Alkali, tCr. Works Regulation Act, 11)00. 6 Edw. 7.

Prevention of nuisance from alkali waste already deposited or discharged.

Condensation of acid gases in sulphuric acid and muri atic acid works.

Prevention of discharge of noxious or offensive gas in s<liednli-d works.

(2) Any person who causes or knowing!}' permits any alkali waste to be deposited or discharged in contravention of this section shall be liable to a fine not exceeding in the case of the first offence twenty pounds, and in the case of every subsequent offence fifty pounds, with a further sum not exceeding five pounds for every day during which any such subsequent offence has continued.

5. Where alkali waste has been deposited or discharged, either before or after the commencement of this Act, and complaint is made to the chief inspector that a nuisance is occasioned thereby, the chief inspector, if satisfied of the existence of the nuisance, and that it is within the power of the owner or occupier of the land to abate it, shall serve a notice on such owner or occupier requiring him to abate the nuisance; and, if such owner or occupier fails to use the best practicable and reasonably available means for the abatement thereof, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, and, if he does not proceed to use such means within such time as may be limited by the court inflicting such fine, he shall be liable to a further penalty not exceeding five pounds for every day after the expiration of the time so limited during which such failure continues.

Part II.

Sulphuric Acid, Muriatic Acid, and other specified Works.

6. — (1) Every sulphuric acid work as defined in paragraph (1) of the First Schedule to this Act shall be carried on in such manner as to secure the condensation, to the satisfaction of the chief inspector, of the acid gases of sulphur or of sulphur and nitrogen which are evolved in the process of the manufacture of sulphuric acid in that work, to such an extent that the total acidity of those gases in each cubic foot of residual gases after completion of the process, and before admixture with air, smoke, or other gases, does not exceed what is equivalent to four grains of sulphuric anhydride.

(2) Every muriatic acid work as defined in paragraph (8) of the First Schedule to this Act shall be carried on in such manner as to secure the condensation to the satisfaction of the chief inspector of the muriatic acid gas evolved in such work, to such extent that in each cubic foot of air, smoke, or chimney gases escaping from the work into the atmosphere there is not contained more than one-fifth part of a grain of muriatic acid.

(3) The owner of any sulphuric acid work or of any muriatic acid work which is carried on in contravention of this section shall be liable to a fine not exceeding in the case of the first offence fifty pounds, and in the case of every subsequent offence one hundred pounds.

7. — (1) The owner of any work specified in the First Schedule to this Act (herein-after referred to as a scheduled work) shall use the best practicable means for preventing the escape of noxious or offensive gases by the exit Hue of any apparatus used

1906.

Alkali, cOe. Works Regulation f, 1906. Ch. 11.

in an3" process carried on in the work, and for preventing the discharge, whether directly or indirectly, of sncli gases into the atmosphere, and for rendering such gases where discharged harmless and inoffensive, subject to the qualification that, on the basis of the amount of acid gas per cubic foot, no objection shall be taken under this section by an inspector —

(a) To any muriatic acid gas in the air, smoke, or gases discharged into the atmosphere by7 a chimney or other final outlet, where the amount of such acid gas in each cubic foot of air, smoke, or gases so discharge* I does not exceed the amount limited by the last preceding section:

(b) To any acid gases in the air, smoke, or gases discharged into the atmosphere by a chimneys or other final outlet receiving the residual gases from any7 process for the concentration or distillation of sulphuric acid, where the total acidity of such acid gases (including those from the combustion of coal) in each cubic foot of air, smoke, or gases so discharged does not exceed what is equivalent to one grain and a half of sulphuric anhydride.

(2) If the owner of any7 such work fails, in the opinion of the court having cognizance of the matter, to use such means, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding in the case of the first offence twenty pounds, and in the case of every subsequent offence fifty pounds, with a further sum not exceeding five-pounds for every7 day during which any such subsequent offence has continued.

8. — (1) An inspector may inquire whether, in any works in Provisional which aluminous deposits are treated for the purpose of making ventdiiharL'e cement (herein-after called cement wrorks) or in any works in of noxious or which sulphide ores, including regulus, are calcined or smelted (herein-after called smelting w orks), means can be adopted at a smelting reasonable expense for preventing the discharge from the fur- works, naces or chimneyrs of such works into the atmosphere of any7 noxious or offensive gas evolved in such works, or for rendering such gas where discharged harmless or inoffensive.

(2) Where it appears to the Local Government Board that such means can be adopted at a reasonable expense, the Board may by order require the owners of such works to adopt the best, practicable means for the purpose, and may by the order limit the amount or proportion, in the case of cement v'orks or smelting v7orks, of any noxious or offensive gas which is to be permitted to escape from such w7orks into the chimney' or into the atmosphere, and may7 also by the order extend to such works such provisions of this Act relating to scheduled works as they7 think fit.

(3) An order made under this section shall be provisional only ', and shall not be of any7 validity until confirmed by Parliament, but when so confirmed shall have full effect, with such modifications as may7 be made therein by Parliament; and the expression "this Act" when used in this Act shall be deemed to include an

Ch. 14. Alkali, dee. Works Reg 1006. 6 Edw. 7.

order so confirmed, so far as is consistent with the tenor of that order.

(4) The Board shall take such steps as they may think fit for giving notice to persons interested of the provisions of any order made by them under this section before any Bill for confirming the same is introduced into Parliament.

(5) An order made under this section may impose fines for a breach of its provisions of like amount as any fines imposed by this Act for offences against this Act.

(6) An order made under this section may be repealed, altered, or amended by any subsequent order made under this section, and confirmed by Parliament.

Part III.

(i) Registration of Works.

9. — (1) An alkali work, a scheduled work, a cement work, or a smelting work shall not be carried on unless it is certified to be registered.

(2) The work shall be registered in a register containing the prescribed particulars, and the register shall be conducted and the certificates issued in the prescribed manner.

(3) A certificate of registration, if issued at a time when a previous certificate is in force, shall be in force for one year after the time when that certificate ceases to be in force, and if issued at a time when no previous certificate is in force shall be in force iintil the following first day of April.

(4) An application for a certificate of registration of a work may, in the case of the first registration of that work, be made at any time, and an application for any subsequent certificate in respect of that work shall be made in the month of January or February.

(5) A certificate of registration shall be issued on application being made in the prescribed manner by the owner of the work, if the conditions of registration are complied with, and one of the conditions, in the case of the first registration of an alkali or scheduled work, or the registration of such a work if the work has been closed for a period of twelve months previously, shall be that the work is at the time of registration furnished with such appliances as appear to the chief inspector or, on appeal, to the Local Government Board to be necessary in order to enable the work to be carried on in accordance with such of the requirements of this Act as apply to the work.

Provided that the Local Government Board may dispense with the last-mentioned condition in the case of works erected before the commencement of this Act which were not before the commencement of this Act required to be registered.

(6) There shall be charged upon every such certificate a stamp duty of five pounds in the case of an alkali work, and of three pounds in the case of any other work, and the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall issue stamped forms of certificate for the purpose.

J 900.

Alkali, &c. Works Regulation 1900. Ch. 14.

27

(7) Written notice of any change which occurs in the owner* ship of a work or in the other particulars stated in the register shall within one month after such change be sent by the owner to the Local Government Board, and the register and the certificate shall be altered accordingly in the prescribed manner without charge and without the issue of a new certificate. If such notice is not sent as so required the work shall not be deemed to be certified to be registered.

(8) The owner of a work which has been carried on in contravention of this section shall be liable to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

(ii) Inspection.

The Local Government Board shall, with the Appointment approval of the Treasury as to numbers and salaries oro£ insPecto, 's* remuneration, appoint such inspectors (under whatever title they may fix) as the Board think necessary for the execution of this Act, and may assign them their duties and award them their salaries or remuneration, and shall constitute a chief inspector, and may regulate the cases and manner in which the inspectors are to execute and perform the powers and duties of inspectors-under this Act, and may remove such inspectors.

(2) Notice of the appointment of every such inspector shall be published in the London Gazette, and a copy of the Gazette shall be evidence of the appointment.

(3) The salaries or remuneration of the inspectors, and such expenses of the execution of this Act as the Treasury may sanction, shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(4) A person holding the office of chief inspector or inspector shall not be employed in any other work except with the sanction of the Local Government Board.

(5) In the case of the illness or other unavoidable absence of the chief inspector, the Local Government Board may appoint any other inspector to act as his deputy, and the inspector so appointed shall, whilst so acting, have all the powders by or under this Act conferred on the chief inspector.

11. A person who — Dissqualifica-

(a) acts or practises as a land agent; or for*1"

(b) is engaged or interested directly or indirectly in any inspectors.

work to which this Act applies, or in any patent for any process or apparatus carried on or used in any such work, or in any process or apparatus connected, with the condensation of acid gases, or with the treatment of alkali waste, or with preventing the discharge into the atmosphere or rendering harmless or inoffensive any noxious or offensive gas, or otherwise with any of the matters dealt with by this Act; or

(c) is employed in or about or in connexion with any

work to which this Act applies, or in any other chemical wrork for gain, shall be disqualified to act as an inspector under this Act.

28

Ch. 14.

Alkali, cOc. Works It emulation Act, 1900. 0 Edw. 7.

Inspection of works.

Annual report to Local Government Board.

12. — (1) For the purpose of the execution of this Act, an inspector may at all reasonable times by day and night, without giving previous notice, but so as not to interrupt the process of the manufacture,

(a) enter and inspect any work to which, in the opinion of the Local Government Board, any of the provisions of this Act applies; and

ib) examine any process causing the evolution of any noxious or offensive gas, and any apparatus for condensing any such gas, or otherwise preventing the discharge thereof into the atmosphere, or for rendering any such gas harmless or inoffensive when discharged; and

(c) ascertain the quantity of gas discharged into the

atmosphere, condensed or otherwise dealt with; and

(d) enter and inspect any place where alkali waste is treated

or deposited, or where any liquid containing either acid or any other substance capable of liberating sulphuretted hydrogen from alkali waste or drainage therefrom is likely to come into contact with alkali waste or drainage therefrom; and

(e) apply any such tests and make any such experiments,

and generally make all such inquiries, as seem to him to be necessary or proper for the execution of his duties under this Act.

(2) The owner of any such work shall, on the demand of the chief inspector, furnish him within a reasonable time with a sketch plan, to be kept secret, of those parts of such work in which any process causing the evolution of any noxious or offensive gas or any process for the condensation of such gas or for preventing the discharge thereof into the atmosphere, or for rendering any such gas harmless or inoffensive when discharged, is earned on.

(3) The owner of every such work and his agents shall render to every inspector all necessary facilities for entry, inspection, examination, and testing in pursuance of this Act.

(4) Every owner of a work in which such facilities are not afforded to an inspector as are required by this Act, or in which an inspector is obstructed in the execution of his duty under this Act, and every person wilfully obstructing an inspector in the execution of his duty under this Act, shall be liable on conviction under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

13. The chief inspector shall, on or before the first day of March in every year, make a report in writing to the Local Government Board of the proceedings of himself and of the other inspectors under this Act, and a copy of such report shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament.

1906.

Alkali, c5c. Works Regulation Act, 1906. Ch. 14.

29

14. — (1) If any sanitary authority apply to the central Additional inauthority for an additional inspector under this Act, and under- potion of*1 take to pay a proportion of his salary or remuneration, not being sanitary unless than one half, the Local Government Board may (if they thorities-

see fit), with the sanction of the Treasury, appoint an additional inspector under this Act, to reside within a convenient distance of the works he is required to inspect; and such inspector shall have the same powers and be subject to the same power of removal and to the same regulations and liabilities as other inspectors under this Act.

(2) The proportion of salary or remuneration aforesaid shall be paid at the prescribed times into the Exchequer, and shall be a debt due from the sanitary authority to the Crown.

(iii) Special Rules.

15. — (1) The owner of an alkali work or of a scheduled Power of work may, with the sanction of the central authority, make ^rkofmake special rules for the guidance of his workmen who are em- special rules, ployed in or in connexion with any process causing the evolution

of any noxious or offensive gas, or in or in connexion with the condensation or other treatment of that gas, and may annex fines to any violation of such rules, so that the fine for any offence do not exceed two pounds.

(2) A printed copy of the special rules in force under this section in any work shall be given by the owner of that work to every person working or employed in or about that work who is affected thereby.

(3) Any fine incurred under this Act in respect of an offence against a special rule may be recovered in accordance with the Summary Jurisdiction Acts.

(iv) Procedure.

16. In calculating the proportion of acid to a cubic foot Provision as to of air, smoke, or gases, for the purposes of this Act, such ^lllation of air, smoke, or gases shall be calculated at the temperature of ‘

sixty degrees of Fahrenheit’s thermometer, and at a barometric pressure of thirty inches.

17. The following regulations shall have effect with respect Recovery of to the recovery of fines for offences under this Act other than fi"es for

f. n i ., offences

fines recoverable summarily:— against Act in

(1) Every such fine s tall be recovered by action in the count*v coult *

county court having jurisdiction in the district in which the offence is alleged to have been committed:

(2) The action shall net be brought without the sanction of

the central authority, nor by any person other than the chief inspector or such other inspector as the Local Government Board may in any particular case direct, nor, except as respects a fine for the contravention

30

Oil. 14.

Alkali, &c. Work-s Regulation, 1906. 6 Enw. 7.

Further provisions as to recovery of fines in county court.

of the provisions of this Act as to the registration of works, after the expiration of three months from the commission of the offence, and for the purposes of such action the fine shall he deemed to he a dent due to such inspector:

(3) The plaintiff in any action for a fine under this Act shall

he presumed to he an inspector authorised under this Act to bring the action, until the contrary is proved by the defendant:

(4) The court may, on the application of either party, appoint a person to take down in writing the evidence of the witnesses, and may award to that person such remuneration as the court thinks just; and the amount so awarded shall he deemed to be costs in the action:

(5) If either party in any action under this Act feels aggrieved by the decision or direction of the court in point of law, or on the merits, or in respect of the admission or rejection of any evidence, he may appeal to the High Court:

(6) Subject to the provisions of this section, all the enactments, rules, and orders relating to proceedings in actions in county courts, and to enforcing judgments in county courts, and to appeals shall apply as if the action related to a matter within the ordinary jurisdiction of the court.

18. — (1) In any proceeding under this Act in relation to a fine for an offence other than an offence against a special rule —

(a) It shall be sufficient to allege that any work is a work to which this Act applies, without more; and

(ib) It shall be sufficient to state the name of the registered or ostensible owner of the work, or the title of the firm by which the employer of persons in such work is usually known.

(2) A person shall not be subject to a fine under this Act for more than one offence in respect of the same work or place in respect of any one day.

(3) Not less than twenty-one days before the hearing of any proceeding against an owner to recover a fine under this Act for failing to secure the condensation of any gas to the satisfaction of the chief inspector, or for failing to use the best practicable means as required by this Act, an inspector shall serve on the owner proceeded against a notice in writing stating, as the case requires, either the facts on which such chief inspector founds his opinion, or the means which such owner has failed to use, and the means which, in the chief inspector’s opinion, would suffice, and shall produce a copy of such notice before the court having cognizance of the matter.

(4) A person shall not be liable under this Act to an increased fine in respect of a second offence, or in respect of a third or any subsequent offence, unless a fine has been recovered

19013. Alkali, &c. Works Regulation 1906. Cii. 14. 31

within the preceding twelve months against such person for the first offence, or for the second or other offence, as the case may be.

19. All fines recovered under this Act, other than those Application of

recovered summarily, shall be paid into the Exchequer. fiue8 *

20. The owner of a work in which an offence under this Discharge of . Act other than an offence against a special rule has been proved ^rn°"fcou‘ to have been committed shall in every case be deemed to have actual committed the offence, and shall be liable to pay the fine, unless offender.

he proves, to the satisfaction of the court before which any proceeding is instituted to recover such fine, that he has used due diligence to comply with and to enforce the execution of this Act, and that the offence in question was committed, without his knowledge, consent, or connivance, by some agent servant or workman, whom he shall charge by name as the actual offender; in which case such agent servant or workman shall be liable to pay the fine, and proceedings may be taken against him for the recovery thereof and of the costs of all proceedings which may be taken either against himself or against the owner under this Act:

Provided that it shall be lawful for the inspector to proceed' against the person whom he believes to be the actual offender, without first proceeding against the owner, in any case where the inspector is satisfied that the owner has used all due diligence to comply with and to enforce the provisions of this Act, and that the offence has been committed by that person without the knowledge, consent, or connivance of the owner.

21. Any notice, summons, or other document required or Service of authorised for the purposes of this Act to be delivered to or notices-served on or sent to the owner of any work, may be served by

post or by delivering the same to the owner, or at his residence or works; and the document shall be deemed to be properly addressed if addressed to the registered address of an owner, or, when required to be served on or sent to the owner of any works, if addressed to the owner of the works at the works, with the addition of the proper postal address, but without naming the person who is the owner.

22. — (1) Where complaint is made to the central authority Complaint by by any sanitary authority, on information given by any of their thority^n cases officers, or any ten inhabitants of their district, that any work of nuisance, to which this Act applies is carried on (either within or without

the district) in contravention of this Act, or that any alkali waste is deposited or discharged (either within or without the district) in contravention of this Act, and that a nuisance is occasioned thereby to any of the inhabitants of their district, the central authority shall make such inquiry into the matters complained of, and after the inquiry may direct such proceedings to be taken by an inspector as they think fit and just.

(2) The sanitary authority complaining shall, if so required by the central authority, pay the expense of any such inquiry.

32

Actions in csise of contributory nuisance.

Expenses of sanitary authorities.

Determination of questions by chief inspector.

Temporary provision as to the over-heat pan process.

Interpretation of terms.

Ch. 14. Alkali, &c. Works Regulation Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

23. — (1) Where a nuisance arising from the discharge of any noxious or offensive gas or gases is wholly or partially caused by the acts or defaults of the owners of several works to which any of the provisions of this Act applies, any person injured by such nuisance may proceed against any one or more of such owners, and may recover damages from each owner made a defendant in proportion to the extent of the contribution of that defendant to the nuisance, notwithstanding that the act or default of that defendant would not separately have caused a nuisance.

(2) This section shall not authorise the recovery of damages from any defendant who can produce a certificate from the chief inspector that in the works of that defendant the requirements of this Act have been complied with and were complied with when the nuisance arose.

(v) MlSCELLANEOl S.

24. Any expenses incurred by a sanitary authority under this Act shall be defrayed as general expenses incurred by the authority in the execution of the Public Health Act.

25. In determining any matter which under this Act is to be determined by the chief inspector, the chief inspector may found his opinion on facts disclosed by his own examination, or by an examination by any other inspector.

26. — (1) For a period of three years after the commencement of this Act paragraph (b) of section seven of this Act shall apply, where the process for the concentration of sulphuric acid is that known as the over-lieat pan process, as if in that paragraph two grains of sulphuric anhydride were substituted for one grain and a half of sulphuric anhydride.

(2) For the purposes of this section " the over-lieat pan process" means the process in which the concentration of sulphuric acid is effected by the passage of the heated gases resulting from the combustion of fuel over the surface of the acid.

27. — (1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, — The expression "alkali work" means every work for —

(a) the manufacture of sulphate of soda, or sulphate of potash, or

(b) the treatment of copper ores by common salt or other chlorides whereby any sulphate is formed,

in which muriatic acid gas is evolved:

The expression "noxious or offensive gas" includes the following gases and fumes: —

Muriatic acid;

Sulphuric acid;

Sulphurous acid, except that arising solely from the combustion of coal;

Nitric acid and acid-forming oxides of nitrogen;

1006. Alkali, &e. W orksRegulation Act, 1906. Ch. 14. 33

Sulphuretted hydrogen;

Chlorine, and its acid compounds;

Fluorine compounds;

Cyanogen compounds;

Bisulphide of carbon;

Chloride of sulphur;

Fumes from cement works;

Fumes containing copper, lead, antimony, arsenic, zinc, or their compounds;

Fumes from tar works:

The expression "owner " includes any lessee, occupier, or any other person carrying on any work to which this Act applies:

The expression "best practicable means, " where used with respect to the prevention of the escape of noxious and offensive gases, has reference not only to the provision and the efficient maintenance of appliances adequate for preventing such escape, but also to the manner in which such appliances are used and to the proper supervision, by the owner, of any operation in which such gases are evolved:

The expression "prescribed" means prescribed by the Local Government Board:

The expression "Local Government Board" means the

Local Government Board established by the Local 34 & 35 Vict. Government Board Act, 1871:c- 70,

The expression "central authority" means as regards England the Local Government Board, as regards Ireland the Local Government Board for Ireland, and as regards Scotland the Secretary for Scotland:

The expression "sanitary authority" means any local authority entrusted with the execution of the Public Health Act:

The expression "the Public Health Act" means as regards 38 & 39 Vict. England the Public Health Act, 1875, or in the case .?•5*' - v. of London the Public Health (London) Act, 1891; and c. 76. 10 ’

as regards Scotland the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 60.& 61 Vict-1897; and as regards Ireland the Public Health (Ireland) &‘42 Vict. Act, 1878, and includes any enactment amending those c. 52.

Acts.

(2) Nothing in this Act shall be construed as exempting any work from any of the provisions of this Act applicable to the work as being a work of a certain class or description by reason only that the work is subject to other provisions of this Act as being a work of some other class or description.

28. In the application of this Act to Scotland — Application to

(a) references to the Secretary for Scotland shall be substituted for references to the Local Government

C

34

Ch. 14. Alkali, &e. Works Regulation Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Board, and references to the Edinburgh Gazette shall be substituted for references to the London Gazette;

(b) All offences under this Act shall be prosecuted and all

fines under this Act shall be recovered under the provisions of the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Acts: Provided that the following regulations shall have effect with respect to the prosecution of, and the recovery of fines for, offences under this Act, other than offences against special rules and offences under subsection four of section twelve of this Act: —

(i) All prosecutions shall be brought before the sheriff, who may award expenses to either party, and, in default of immediate payment of the fine and expenses, may sentence the respondent to imprisonment for any period not exceeding six months;

(ii) A prosecution shall not be instituted without the consent of the Secretary for Scotland, nor by any person other than the chief inspector or such other inspector as the Secretary for Scotland may in any particular case direct, nor, except as respects a fine for the contravention of the provisions of this Act as to the registration of works, after the expiration of three months from the commission of the offence;

(iii) The person taking proceedings shall be presumed to be an inspector authorised under this Act to institute the prosecution until the contrary is proved by the respondent;

(iv) The sheriff may, on the application of either party, appoint a person to take down in writing the evidence of the witnesses, and may award to that person such remuneration as he thinks just, and the amount so awarded shall be deemed to be expenses in the proceeding;

(v) All jurisdictions, powers, and authorities necessary for the purposes of this section are conferred on the sheriff;

(c) all fines imposed and recovered under this Act shall be

paid to the clerk of the court, and by him accounted for and paid to the King’s and Lord Treasurer’s Remembrancer on behalf of His Majesty's Exchequer, and shall be carried to the Consolidated Fund.

Saving aa to 29. Nothing in this Act shall legalise any act or default that general law. Would, but for this Act, be deemed to be a nuisance, or otherwise be contrary to law, or deprive any person of any remedy by action, indictment, or otherwise, to which he would have been entitled if this Act had not passed.

1906.

Alkali, &Q. Works Regulation Act, 1906. Ch. 14.

35

SO. The Acts specified in the Second Schedule to this Act Repeals, are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of that schedule.

Provided that —

(a) Nothing in this Act shall affect any certificate, special

rule, or notice issued, made, or served before the commencement of this Act in pursuance of any enactment so repealed, but every such certificate, special rule, and notice shall continue in force as if issued, made, or served in pursuance of this Act; and

(b) Nothing in this Act shall affect the tenure of office

of any inspector appointed under any enactment so repealed, but every such inspector shall hold office as if appointed under this Act; and

(c) Nothing in this Act shall affect any liability of a sanitary authority incurred under any enactment so repealed to pay any proportion of the salary or remuneration of an additional inspector.

31. This Act may be cited as the Alkali, &c. Works Regu- short title and iation Act, 1906, and shall come into operation on the first day ^"ence‘ of January nineteen hundred and seven.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE. Sections 6, 7.

List of Works.

(1) Sulphuric acid works, that is to say, works in which the manufacture of sulphuric acid is carried on by the lead chamber process, namely, the process by which sulphurous acid is converted into sulphuric acid by the agency of oxides of nitrogen and by the use of a lead chamber.

(2) Sulphuric acid (Class II.) works, that is to say, works in which the manufacture of sulphuric acid is carried on by any process other than the lead chamber process, and works for the concentration or distillation of sulphuric acid.

(3) Chemical manure works, that is to say, works in which the manufacture of chemical manure is carried on, and works in which any mineral phosphate is subjected to treatment involving chemical change through the application or use of any acid.

(4) Gas liquor works, that is to say, works (not being sulphate of ammonia works or muriate of ammonia works) in which sulphuretted hydrogen or any other noxious or offensive gas is evolved by the use of ammoniacal liquor in any manufacturing process, and works in which any such liquor is desulphurised by the application of heat in any process connected with the purification of gas.

Oil. 1*4. Alkali, &e. Works Regulation Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

(5) Nitric acid works, that is to say, works in which the manufacture of nitric acid is carried on and works in which nitric acid is recovered, from oxides of nitrogen.

(6) Sulphate of ammonia works and muriate of ammonia works, that

is to say, works in which the manufacture of sulphate of ammonia or of muriate of ammonia is carried on.

(7) Chlorine works, that is to say, works in which chlorine is made or used in any manufacturing process.

(8) Muriatic acid works, that is to say —

(a) Muriatic acid works, or works (not being alkali works as defined in this Act) where muriatic acid gas is evolved either during the preparation of liquid muriatic acid or for use in any manufacturing process;

(b) Tin plate flux works, that is to say, works in which any residue or flux from tin plate works is calcined for the utilization of such residue or flux, and in which muriatic acid gas is evolved; and

(c) Salt works, that is to say, works (not being works in which salt is produced by refining rock salt, otherwise than by the dissolution of rock salt at the place of deposit) in which the extraction of salt from brine is carried on, and in which muriatic acid gas is evolved.

(9) Sulphide works, that is to say, works in which sulphuretted hydrogen is evolved by the decomposition of metallic sulphides, or in which sulphuretted hydrogen is used in the production of such sulphides.

(10) Alkali waste works, that is to say, works in which alkali waste or the drainage therefrom is subjected to any chemical process for the recovery of sulphur or for the utilization of any constituent of such waste or drainage.

(11) Venetian red works, that is to say, works for the manufacture of Venetian red, crocus, or polishing powder, by heating sulphate or some other salt of iron.

(12) Lead deposit works, that is to say, works in which the sulphate of lead deposit from sulphuric acid chambers is dried or smelted.

(13) Arsenic works, that is to say, works for the preparation of arsenious acid, or where nitric acid or a nitrate is used in the manufacture of arsenic acid or an arseniate.

(14) Nitrate and chloride of iron works, that is to say, works in which nitric acid or a nitrate is used in the manufacture of nitrate or chloride of iron.

(15) Bisulphide of carbon works, that is to say, works for the manufacture of bisulphide of carbon.

(16) Sulphocyanide works, that is to say, works in which the manufacture of any sulphocyanide is carried on by the reaction of bisulphide

- of carbon upon ammonia or any of its compounds.

(17) Picric acid works, that is to say, works in which nitric acid or a nitrate is used in the manufacture of picric acid.

(18) Paraffin oil works, that is to say, works in which crude shale oil is refined.

(19) Bisulphite works, that is to say, works in which sulphurous acid is used in the manufacture of acid sulphites of the alkalis or alkaline earths.

(20) Tar works, that is to say, works where gas tar or coal tar i& distilled or is heated in any manfacturing process.

(21) Zinc works, that is to say, works in which, by the application of heat, zinc is extracted from the ore, or from any residue containing that metal.

1906.

Alkali, &c. Works Regulation Act, 1906. Cii. 14, 15.

37

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Repeals. section 30.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Extent of Repeal.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 37. The Alkali, &c. Works Regulation Act, 1881. The whole Act.

47 & 48 Vict. c. clvii. The Local Government Board’s Provisional Order Confirmation (Salt Works) Act, 1884. The whole Act.

55 & 56 Vict. c. 30. The Alkali, &c. Works Regulation Act, 1892. The whole Act.

CHAPTER 15.

An Act to include Bribery amongst Extradition Crimes.

[4th August 1906.]

WHEREAS a Convention has been concluded between His Majesty and the President of the United States for including in the list of crimes on account of which extradition may be granted certain offences, and amongst others bribery:

And whereas it is provided by the said Convention that it shall come into force within ten days after publication in conformity with the laws of the high contracting parties:

And whereas bribery is not at present included in the list of crimes in the First Schedule to the Extradition Act, 1870, 33 & 34 Vict, and the said Convention cannot be published in conformity 'with c' 52, the laws of the United Kingdom until bribery is so included:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Extradition Act, 1870, shall be construed as if Addition of

bribery were included in the list of crimes in the First of extrndUioii Schedule to that Act. crimes.

2. This Act may be cited as the Extradition Act, 1906; Short title, and the Extradition Acts, 1870 to 1895, and this Act maybe

cited together as the Extradition Acts, 1870 to 1906.

38

Ch. 16.

Justio.es of the Peace Act, 1006.

6 Edw. 7.

CHAPTER 16.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Justices of the Peace.

[4th August 1906J

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

propertyVuaiifl The qualification by estate required in. the case of . a,

cation for*county justice of the peace for any county shall he abolished.

justices.

Residential 2. A person, if in other respects the law allows of it, may

qualification, appointed a justice of the peace for any county, notwithstanding that he does not reside in the county, if he resides within seven miles thereof.

Provision as to 3. A solicitor, if otherwise qualified, may he appointed a

ment^ofsoHci- justice of the peace for any county, but it shall not he lawful tors to be for any solicitor being a justice, or any partner of his, to justices. practise directly or indirectly before the justices for that county or any borough within the county.

Power with re- 4. Any person who is a justice of the peace by virtue only •officio1 "usfices holding or having held any office may he excluded from the

3’exercise of his functions as such justice by the same authority

by which other justices can he removed from the commission of the peace.

Interpretation 5. — (1) In this Act the expression "county" includes any

and repeal. riding or division of a county.

(2) The enactments mentioned in the schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that schedule.

Extent of Act. 6. — (1) This Act shall extend to Scotland with the following

modifications:—

(a) Section two shall not apply to Scotland.

(b) The expression "solicitor" means enrolled law agent 36 & 37 Vict under the Law Agents (Scotland) Act, 1873.

c‘’(c)The expression "county " shall include a county of a

city.

(cl)For the words "or any borough " occurring in section three there shall he substituted the words "or " before any licensing court, or court of appeal, " constituted in terms of the Licensing (Scotland) 3 Edw. 7. c. 25. " Act, 1903."

(2) This Act shall not extend to Ireland.

short title. 7. This Act may be cited as the Justices of the Peace Act,

1906.

1906.

Justices of the Peace, 1906. Ch. 16.

39

SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Extent of Repeal.

5 Geo. 2. c. 18. The Justices Qualification Act, 1731. The whole Act.

18 Geo. 2. c. 20. The Justices Qualification Act, 1744. The whole Act.

6 Geo. 4. c. 48. The Justices of the Peace Small Debt (Scotland) Act, 1825. Section twenty-seven.

10 Geo. 4. c. 44. The Metropolitan Police Act, 1829. In section one the words "although " he may not have any such " qualification by estate as is " required by law in the case " of any other person being a " justice of the peace for any " county."

26 & 27 Vict. The Stipendiary Magis- In section five the words "although

c. 97. trates Act, 1863. " he may not have such qualification by estate as is required " by law in the case of other " persons being justices of the " peace for a county."

34 & 35 Vict. The Justices Qualifica- The whole Act.

c. 18. tion Act, 1871.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 54. The Justices Qualification Act, 1875. The whole Act.

45 & 46 Vict. The Municipal Corpora- In subsection (2) of section one

c. 50. tions Act, 1882. hundred and fifty-seven the words, " except the oath as to " qualification by estate, " and in subsection (4) of that section the words, " or have such qualification by estate as is required " for a justice of a county."

51 & 52 Vict. The Local Government In subsection (5) (6) of section

c. 41. Act, 1888. two the words "other than the " oath respecting the qualification by estate."

51 & 52 Vict. The County Courts Act, In section seventeen the words *

c. 43. 1888. " although he may not be qualified in such manner as is " required by law the case of " other persons being justices " of the peace."

56 & 57 Vict. The Local Government In section twenty-two the words,

c. 73. Act, 1894. " other than the oath respecting " the qualification by estate."

62 & 63 Vict. The London Govern- Paragraph (2) of section twenty-

c. 14. ment Act, 1899. four.

Section 5.

40

Cit. 17, 18. Bills of Exchange (Crossed Cheques) 0 Emv. 7.

Act, 1906.

Amendment of 4 & 46 Vict, c. 61. s. 82.

[Short title.]

Reduction of additional duty on tea. 63 & 64 Vict. c. 31.

Continuance of additional duties on tobacco, spirits, ale, and beer.

[Short title.]

CHAPTER 17.

An Act to amend section eighty-two of the Bills of Exchange Act, 1882.

[4th August 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. A hanker receives payment of a crossed cheque for a customer within the meaning of section eighty-two of the Bills of Exchange Act, 1882, notwithstanding that he credits his customer’s account with the amount of the cheque before receiving payment thereof.

2. This Act may be cited as the Bills of Exchange (Crossed Cheques) Act, 1906, and this Act and the Bills of Exchange Act, 1882, may be cited together as the Bills of Exchange Acts, 1882 and 1906.

CHAPTER 18.

An Act to amend the Law with respect to Customs Duties in the Isle of Man.

[4th August 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. In lieu of the additional duty of Customs on tea removed or imported into the Isle of Man imposed by section one of the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1900, there shall be charged, levied, and paid, as from the fourteenth day of May nineteen hundred and six until the first day of August nineteen hundred and seven, the following duty (that is to say): —

Tea, the pound - one penny.

2. The additional duties of Customs on tobacco, and spirits removed or imported into the Isle of Man, imposed by section one of the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1900, and the additional duty on ale and beer removed or imported into the Isle of Man, imposed by the second paragraph of section two of that Act shall continue to be charged, levied, and paid as from the first day of August nineteen hundred and six until the first day of August nineteen hundred and seven.

3. This. Act may be cited as the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1906.

1906.

Deanery of Manchester Act, ]906.

Ch. 19, 20.

41

CHAPTER 19.

An Act to make further provision with respect to the Revenues of the Deanery of Manchester.

[4th August 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Notwithstanding anything in section twenty of the Parish Application of of Manchester Division Act, 1850, any income derived from the leasing of certain premises situate in Deansgate, formerly the of the dean s residence of the dean of Manchester, or in the case of the sale former resi-of such premises from the proceeds of sale, shall, after the pay- dnce' ment thereout of instalments of principal and interest charged J 1 lct' on and payable out of the revenues of the deanery in respect of the amount raised before the passing of this Act for the purpose of the provision of a new decanal residence, he devoted to such purposes connected with the service and ministrations of the cathedral church of Manchester, and not to the personal use or benefit of the dean or any of the canons, as the dean and canons may determine:

Provided that nothing in this Act shall affect any agreement for a lease of the said premises subsisting at the passing of this Act, but any such agreement may be carried into effect as if this Act had* not been passed.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Deanery of Manchester Act, 1906.

CHAPTER 20.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue, and for other purposes connected with Finance.

[4th August 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Part I.

Spirits.

1. — (1) Where any spirits are used by an authorised metliy- Provisions as »o lay tor for making industrial methylated spirits, or are received sPyits ust^ in

x* art, mamifac-

by any person tor use m any art or manufacture under section tim>, &c. eight of the Finance Act, 1902, the like allowance shall be paid 2K<iw. t. c. 7.

42

Ch. 20.

Revenue A, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

to the authorised methylator or to the person by whom the spirits are received, as the case may he, in respect of those spirits as is payable on the exportation of plain British spirits, and the Commissioners may by regulations prescribe the time and manner of the payment of the allowance and the proof to be given that the spirits have been or are to be used as aforesaid.

(2) No allowance shall be payable under this section on methylic alcohol, but foreign methylic alcohol may be received and used under section eight of the Finance Act, 1902, without payment of the difference of duty mentioned in that section.

(3) One-nineteenth shall, as respects methylated spirits other than mineralized methylated spirits, be substituted for one-ninth as the minimum proportion of the substance or combination of substances to be mixed with spirits under subsection (3)

43 & 44 Vic *, of section one hundred and twenty-three of the Spirits Act, c-. 1880.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (2) of section eight of the Finance Act, 1902, an applicant under that section shall not be required to pay any expenses incurred in placing an officer in charge of his premises, except such expenses as, in the opinion of the Commissioners, are incurred for special attendances of the officer, made to meet the convenience of the applicant.

(5) Such quantity as the Commissioners may authorise by regulations in each case shall be substituted for fifty gallons in subsection (c) of section one hundred and twenty-six of the Spirits Act, 1880, as the maximum quantity of methylated spirits that may be received or be in the possession of a retailer

7 at any one time; and for one gallon in subsections (e) and (/) of that section as the maximum quantity of methylated spirit which a retailer may receive from another retailer at a time, and as the maximum quantity which a retailer may sell to or for the use of any one person at a time respectively.

supplemental 2. — (1) Section one hundred and twenty-one of the Spirits

— Act, 1880 (which forbids the supply of methylated spirits except pm s c . persons mentioned in the section), shall be construed as if, as regards the supply of industrial methylated spirits, a retailer of methylated spirits was not a person excepted under that section.

(2) A retailer of methylated spirits shall not receive or have in his possession any methylated spirits except such as may be authorised by regulations, and if any such retailer contravenes this provision, he shall, for each offence, incur a fine of fifty pounds, and the spirits in respect of which the offence is committed shall be forfeited.

(3) Every vessel in which an authorised methylator stores, keeps, or supplies industrial methylated spirits, or mineralized methylated spirits, must be labelled in such a manner as to show that the methylated spirits are industrial or mineralized as the case may be, and if an authorised methylator fails to comply with

1906.

Revenue Act, 1906. Ch. 20.

43

this provision, he shall, for each offence, incur a fine of fifty pounds, and the spirits with respect to which the offence is committed shall be forfeited.

(4) In addition to the account required to be kept by the proper officer under subsection (1) of section one hundred and twenty-five of the Spirits Act, 1880, an authorised methylator shall keep distinct accounts in the prescribed forms of any industrial methylated spirits and of any mineralized methylated spirits prepared or received by him and of the sale, use, and delivery thereof, and that section shall apply with reference to each of those accounts and the spirits to which the account relates as it applies with reference to the stock account therein mentioned and to methylated spirits generally.

(5) Section one hundred and thirty of the Spirits Act, 1880, shall apply as if it were an offence under that section without the consent in writing of the Commissioners, or otherwise than in accordance with regulations, to purify or attempt to purify methylated spirits or methylic alcohol, or, after methylated spirits or methylic alcohol have once been used, to recover or attempt to recover the spirit or alcohol by distillation or condensation, or in any other manner.

(6) Subsection (2) of section one hundred and thirty of the Spirits Act, 1880, shall apply as respects any article specified in an order of the Commissioners as it applies with respect to sulphuric ether or chloroform.

3. — (1) The Commissioners may permit the exportation on drawback of tinctures or of spirits of wine, subject to regulations, direct from the premises of a person licensed to rectify or compound spirits, and the like drawbacks and allowances shall be payable in respect of tinctures or spirits of wine so exported as would be payable if the tinctures or spirits of wine were exported from an excise or customs warehouse.

(2) In ascertaining the amount of drawback on any tinctures so exported, the Commissioners may make such addition as they think just in respect of waste.

(3) If any person fails to comply with any regulation made under this section, he shall, in addition to any other liability, incur in respect of each offence a fine of fifty pounds and the article in respect of which the offence is committed shall be forfeited.

(4) This section shall apply as respects the shipment of tinctures as stores as it applies with respect to the exportation of tinctures.

4. — (1) In this Part of this Act —

The expression "industrial methylated spirits" means any methylated spirits (other than mineralized methylated spirits) which are intended for use in any art or manufacture within the United Kingdom; and

Provision as fo exportation of tinctures.

Interpretation.

Ch. 20.

Revenue A 1906.

C Ernr. 7.

41

The expression "mineralized methylated spirits" means methylated spirits which, in addition to being methylated as provided by subsection (3) of section one hundred and twenty-three of the Spirits Act, 1880, as amended by this or any other Act, have mixed with or dissolved in them such quantity of such kind of mineral naphtha as may for the time being be. prescribed by regulations of the Commissioners; and The expression "tinctures " includes medicinal spirits, flavouring essences, perfumed spirits, and any other articles containing spirits and specified in regulations of the Commissioners; and The expression "regulations" means regulations made under section one hundred and fifty-nine of the Spirits Act, 1880.

(2) This Part of this Act shall be construed with the Spirits Act, 1880.

Proceedings in case of offences in relation to saccharin.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 36.

Power to grant licences removing restriction on importation of tobacco in ships under 120 tons.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 36.

Regulation as to manufacture of British wines.

Part II.

Customs and Excise.

5. Section two hundred and thirty-three of the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876 (which relates to the power of justices to proceed summarily in the case of certain offences against the Customs Acts and the limitations on that power), shall, as amended or affected by any other Act, apply to saccharin as it applies to spirits, with the substitution of pounds weight for gallons.

6. The Commissioners of Customs may grant a licence in respect of any ship of less than one hundred and twenty tons burden, relaxing as respects that ship the provisions of section forty-two of the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876, which forbid the importation and bringing into the United Kingdom of tobacco, cigars, cigarillos, or cigarettes, and snuff in such a ship, and may attach to the licence such conditions as they think fit to impose, and the prohibition shall not extend in respect of any ship so licensed so long as the licence continues, and so long as the conditions (if any) attached to the licence are complied with.

7. — (1) There shall, as from the sixth day of July nineteen hundred and six, be charged, levied, and paid the following duty of Excise:—

£ *.

On a licence to be taken out annually by a manufacturer for sale of British wines or sweets or made wines authorising manufacture only - - -100

(2) The Commissioners of Inland Revenue may make regulations prohibiting the manufacture for sale of British wines, or

1906.

Revenue Act, 1906,

Ch. 20.

45

sweets, or made wines, except by persons holding a licence and having made entiy for the purpose, and for fixing the date of the expiration of the licence, and may by those regulations apply any enactments relating to brewers of beer to manufacturers for sale of British wines, or sweets, or made wines; and if any person acts in contravention of or fails to comply with any of those regulations, the article in respect of which the offence is committed shall be forfeited, and the person committing the offence shall be liable in respect of each offence to an excise penalty of fifty pounds.

8. The word " by " shall be substituted for the word Amendment of "without" in subsection (2) of section five of the Finance Act, 7*c. 7.

1902 (which relates to the allowance on spirits).

Part III.

Miscellaneous.

9. A uniform duty of ten shillings shall be substituted for stamp duty on the duties chargeable under the Stamp Act, 1891, on an award v.

TITITIll A . 54 & oo Vict.

in England or Ireland, and on an award or decreet arbitral in c. 39. Scotland, and specified under that heading in the First Schedule to that Act.

10. — (1) The period during which the power of the Treasury, Treasury bills, under section six of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877, to raise money 40 & 41 Vict* by the issue of Treasury bills for the purpose of paying off any c *

such bills, may be exercised, shall be extended so as to include not only the financial year in which the bills are or are about to be paid off, but also a period of three months after the expiration of that financial year.

(2) The amount payable to the Bank of England under 55 & 56 Vict. section three of the Bank Act, 1892, for the management in c-48-every financial year of Treasury bills shall be calculated at the rate of two hundred pounds for every million pounds of the maximum amount of bills outstanding at any one time during the financial year.

11. The provisions of section nine of the Finance Act, 1904, Extension of

shall apply in relation to life insurances or contracts for deferred 8C°7

annuities effected in or with any insurance company lawfully s. 9, as to carrying on business in Great Britain or Ireland, and accordingly relief from such section shall be read and construed as though the words JleS^Vi'1 " or lawfully carrying on business in Great Britain or Ireland " insurances, were inserted therein after the words "British possession."

12. Section forty-three of the Exchequer Court (Scotland) Repeal of Act, 1856 (which precludes a defendant, and the husband or

wife of a defendant, in any cause instituted under that Act relating to the Customs or Inland Revenue from giving evidence), is hereby repealed.

3d

46

Ch. 20, 21, 22.

Revenue Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

'ommence-ment and short title.

Short title and interpretation.

& 44 Vict, o. 47.

Extension of right of occupiers of moorlands, &c. to kill ground game.

Agreements between occupiers and owners of moorlands, &c.

[Commencement of Act.]

13. — (1) This Act shall come into operation, save as otherwise expressly provided, on the first day of October nineteen hundred and six.

(2) This Act may be cited as the Revenue Act, 1906.

CHAPTER 21.

An Act to amend the Ground Game Act, 1880.

[4th August 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Ground Game (Amendment) Act, 1906; and the expressions "occupier ’’and " ground game " as used in this Act shall have the same meaning as they have in the Ground Game Act, 1880.

2. Notwithstanding anything in section one, subsection (3), of the Ground Game Act, 1880, contained, the occupier of lands to which that subsection applies shall, without prejudice to his existing rights under that Act, be entitled, between the first day of September and the tenth day of December, both inclusive, in any and every year, to exercise the right of killing and taking ground game by the said Act conferred otherwise than by the use of firearms.

3. Section three of the Ground Game Act, 1880, shall not apply to prevent the occupier of lands to which section one, subsection (3), of that Act applies, and the owner of such lands or other, persons having a right to take and kill game thereon from making and enforcing agreements for the joint exercise, or the exercise for their joint benefit, of the right to kill and take ground game between the first day of September and the tenth day of December, both inclusive, in any or every year.

4. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of April nineteen hundred and seven.

CHAPTER 22.

An Act to facilitate the transmission by Post of Books and Papers impressed for the use of the Blind.

[4th August 1906.]

X) E it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1906.

47

Post Office (. Literature for Blind) Ch. 22, 23.

Act, 1906.

1. A warrant of the Treasury under the Post Office Acts, 1837 to 1906, for fixing rates of postage to be charged by or under the authority of the Postmaster-General, may fix special rates for postal packets consisting of books and papers impressed for the use of the blind, and may specify any special conditions and regulations in respect of the transmission by post of such packets.

2. This Act may be cited as the Post Office (Literature for the Blind) Act, 1906, and may be cited with the Post Office Acts, 1837 to 1906.

CHAPTER 23.

An Act to amend the Acts relating to Charitable Loan Societies in Ireland.

[4th August 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) In the application of subsection four of section ten of the Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, to a promissory note current or unpaid on the first day of March eighteen hundred and ninety-nine, and purporting to have been made under the principal Act, twelve months from the passing of this Act shall be substituted for six months from the time when the cause of complaint shall have arisen.

(2) A decree, order, or warrant of a court of summary jurisdiction pronounced, made, or issued before the passing of this Act in respect of any such promissory note which has not been executed by reason only that the note became payable more than six months before the complaint relating to it was made shall not be a bar to any proceedings for the recovery of the amount due in respect of the note.

2. Proceedings to recover the amount due in respect of a promissory note current or unpaid on the first day of March eighteen hundred and ninety-nine, and purporting to have been made under the principal Act, may be taken within twelve months from the passing of this Act, notwithstanding that six years or upwards may have elapsed from the time when the note became payable.

3. A renewal of a promissory note purporting to have been made under the principal Act and made prior to the passing of this Act shall not be invalid or incapable of being enforced in any court or liable to stamp duty by reason only of the original note having been made in contravention of section thirty-eight

Special postage rates for books and papers for the blind.

[Short title.]

Extension of time for taking proceedings under 14 & 15 Vict. c. 93, and validation of decrees, &c.

Amount due in respect of promissory notes to be recoverable after lapse of six years in certain cases.

Validation of renewals of promissory notes in certain cases.

IS

As to amount recoverable in respect of loans.

As to costs.

Appeal.

Official to take account.

Short title and mode of citation.

63 & 64 Vict.

C 25.

Ch. 23, 24. Charitable Loan Societies (Ireland) 6 Edw. 7.

Act, 1906.

of that Act, which prohibits the transaction of the business of a loan society at the places therein specified.

4. — (1) The total amount recoverable in respect of any loan made under the principal Act shall in no case exceed the amount lent, together with simple interest thereon at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, and in ascertaining the amount due in respect of any such note an account shall be carried back for the entire period from the date of the original loan.

(2) The account provided for in subsection one of section two of the Charitable Loan Societies (Ireland) Act, 1900, in lieu of being issued together with the summons, shall, not less than fourteen days before the summons is issued, be forwarded by a registered letter addressed to the borrower at his last known place of residence, and the said account shall show the allowances made for all sums paid by the borrower in respect of principal, interest, or otherwise.

5. In awarding costs in any proceedings taken under the principal Act the court shall have regard to any offer of settlement made by the defendant before the proceedings were instituted, and, if of opinion that any such offer was unreasonably refused by the loan society, shall order that the society shall pay costs to the defendant.

6. In the case of any proceedings taken under the principal Act, the complainant or defendant may, subject to rules of court, appeal to the county court from any decision of a court of summary jurisdiction, and no appeal shall, in the case of such proceedings, lie to a court of quarter sessions.

7. In any case where the court may decide to refer the taking of an account, it shall not be competent to refer the taking of the account to any person who is or has been an official or member of any loan society, and the fee for taking the account shall not in any case exceed two shillings and sixpence.

8. This Act may be cited as the Charitable Loan Societies (Ireland) Act, 1906, and shall be construed as one with the Charitable Loan Societies (Ireland) Act, 1900; and the principal Act, the said Act of 1900, and this Act may be cited together as the Charitable Loan Societies (Ireland) Acts, 1843 to 1906.

CHAPTER 24.

An Act to amend the Solicitors Acts.

[4th August 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

.1906.

Solicitors Act, 1906. Ch. 24, 25.

49

1. Section sixteen of the Solicitors Act, 1888 (which authorises Application of the registrar of solicitors to refuse to issue certificates in certain 1^5g2^i<^ cases), shall apply to every solicitor who, being an undischarged solicitors who bankrupt, applies for a fresh certificate or the renewal of a are bankrupts, certificate to practise.

2. The registrar of solicitors shall be entitled, without fee, Power of

to inspect the file of proceedings in bankruptcy relating to any solicitor against whom proceedings in bankruptcy have been proceedings in taken, and to be supplied with office copies of such proceedings bankruptcy of on payment of the usual charge for such copies. solicitor.

3. This Act may be cited as the Solicitors Act, 1906, and Short title, may be cited with the Solicitors Acts, 1839 to 1899.

CHAPTER 25.

An Act to consolidate Enactments relating to Open Spaces.

[4th August 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Local Authorities.

1. Each of the following bodies shall be a local authority Local authori-for the purposes of this Act, namely — ties *

The council of any county, of any municipal or metropolitan borough, or of any district:

The common council of the city of London:

Any parish council invested with the powers of this Act by an order of the council of the county within which the parish is situate.

Power to transfer Open Spaces and Burial Grounds to Local Authorities.

2. — (1) Where an open space is, in pursuance of a local or Power of trus-private Act of Parliament, placed under the care and management of trustees or other persons (in this section referred to as transfer open trustees), with a view to the preservation and regulation thereof 8P^e to local as a garden or open space, the trustees may, in pursuance of a alLniTother special resolution, and with the consent, signified by a special persons to resolution, of the owners and occupiers of any houses which SereST0* front upon the open space, or of which the owners and occupiers are liable to be specially rated for the maintenance of the open space, —

(a) convey, for or without any consideration, to any local authority, their estate or interest in the open space or,

D

50

Ch. 25.

Open Spaces, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

if they have no such estate or interest, transfer to any local authority the entire care and management of the open space, to the end that the space may be preserved for the enjoyment of the public; or

(b) grant, for or without any consideration, to any local

authority any term of years or other limited interest in or any right or easement over the open space; or

(c) make any agreement with any local authority for the

opening to the public of the open space and the care and management thereof by the local authority, either at all times or at any specified time or times; or

id) notwithstanding anything in the Act or any instrument under which the trustees are constituted or act, admit persons not owning, occupying, or residing in any house fronting on the open space to the enjoyment of the open space, either at all times or at any specified time or times, and regulate the admission of such persons thereto on such terms and conditions as the trustees think proper.

(2) Where the freehold of the open space and the freehold of all or the greater part of the houses round the open space are vested in the same person the powers conferred by this section shall not be exercised without the consent of that person.

(3) Any such conveyance, transfer, grant, or agreement shall be made, if the trustees are a corporation, by an instrument under the common seal of the trustees, and if the trustees are not a corporation, by an instrument under the hands and seals of any five of the trustees, or of all the trustees if for the time being they are less than five in number.

(4) Any conveyance, transfer, grant, or agreement under this section shall be deemed a good execution of the trusts, powers, and duties imposed or conferred upon the trustees by the Act or instrument under which they are constituted or act, and where the trustees convey their entire interest in, or transfer the entire care and management of, the open space they shall, on the execution of the conveyance or transfer, be relieved and discharged from all trusts, powers, and duties under the Act or instrument or otherwise with reference to the open space.

(5) The trustees shall hold any purchase money or rent paid for or in respect of the open space in trust for the benefit of the persons or class of persons for whose benefit the open space was previously preserved and managed by the trustees, or, as the case may be, for the benefit of the objects to which any rates previously imposed in respect of the open space had been applied, and such persons or class of persons shall be discharged either absolutely, or, if the grant was for a term of years or other limited interest, during the continuance of that interest, from any special rate or other obligation previously imposed on them in respect of the open space.

1906.

Open Spaces, 1906.

Gii.25.

51

3. - — (1) Where any land is held by trustees (not being trustees elected or appointed under any locator private Act of Parliament) upon trust for the purposes of public recreation, the trustees may, in pursuance of a special resolution, transfer the land to

- any local authority by a free gift absolutely or for a limited term, and, if the local authority accept the gift, they shall hold the land on the trusts and subject to the conditions on and subject to v which the trustees held the same, or on such other trusts and subject to such other conditions (so that the land be appropriated to the purposes of public recreation) as may be agreed on between the trustees and the local authority with the approval of the Charity Commissioners.

: (2) Subject to the obligation of the land so transferred being used for the purposes of public recreation, the local authority may hold the land as and for the purposes of an open space under this Act.

4. — (1) Where an open space is vested in trustees, other than such as are mentioned in the foregoing provisions of this Act, for any charitable purpose and as part of their trust estate, and it appears to the majority of the trustees that the open space is no longer required for the purposes of their trust, or may with advantage to the trust be dealt with under this section, the trustees may, in pursuance of a special resolution, and where the open space is subject to the Charitable Trusts Acts, 1853 to 1894, with such authority or approval as is required by those Acts for a sale of the open space, and in other cases in pursuance of

’ an order of the court to be obtained as herein-after provided, convey or demise the open space to any local authority on such terms as they may agree, and the local authority shall thenceforth be entitled to hold the same as an open space on the terms and under the conditions specified in the conveyance or demise, or on such terms or under such conditions as may be so authorised or approved, or as the court may from time to time order, as the case may be.

(2) The court for the purposes of this section shall be either the High Court or the county court of the district in which the whole or any part of the open space is situate.

(3) An order of the court for the purposes of this section may be made upon application by the trustees, in manner directed by rules of court, and the court, before making any order, may direct such inquiries to be made, such consents to be obtained, and notice to be given to such persons, as to the court seem expedient, and may make such order thereon as in the discretion of the court appears proper.

5. — (1) Where any open space is subject to rights of user for exercise and recreation in the owners or occupiers, or both, of any houses round or near the same, whether the rights are secured by covenant or not, the owner of the open space may,

Transfer to local authority of spaces held by trustees for purposes of public recreation.

Transfer by charity trustees of open space to local authority.

Transter to local authority by owners of open spaces subject to rights of user.

-52

Oil 25.

Open Spaces , 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

with the consent, signified by a special resolution, of such owners or occupiers, or both, as the case may require, —

(a) convey to any local authority his estate or interest in the open space in trust for the enjoyment of the public; or

(b) grant to any local authority in trust as aforesaid any term of years or other limited interest in or any right or easement over the open space; or

(c) make an agreement with any local authority for the opening to the public of the open space and the care and management thereof by the local authority either at all times or at any specified times:and thereupon the owner shall be discharged from any liability to any person entitled to any right of user in respect of any act done in accordance with the consent so given.

(2) Where any person has any term of years or other limited interest in any such open space this section shall apply to him with reference to that interest in like manner as it applies to the owner of the open space.

(3) Where any open space is used as a place of exercise and recreation for the inhabitants of certain houses, and the property and right of user is vested in one or more persons as owners or occupiers of the houses, those owners and occupiers (if any) may convey to a local authority in trust for the public a right to enter upon, use, and enjoy the open space subject to such terms and conditions as may be agreed upon.

Transfer of disused burial groundsto local authority.

6. The owner of any disused burial ground may convey the burial ground to, or grant any term of years or other limited interest therein to, or make any agreement with, any local authority for the purpose of giving the public access to the burial ground, and preserving the same as an open space accessible to the public and under the control of the local authority, and for the purpose of improving and laying out the same.

Power of corporation, &c. to convey land for open space.

7. — (1) Any corporation (other than a municipal corporation) or persons having power, either with or without the consent of any other corporation or persons, to sell any land may, but with the like consent (if any), convey, for or without any consideration, to any local authority that land, or any part thereof, for the purpose of the same being preserved as an open space for the enjoyment of the public under this Act, and may so convey the same with or without conditions, and the local authority may accept the land for that purpose, and, if conditions are imposed, subject to such conditions.

(2) Where a corporation having power under this section to convey land are themselves a local authority, this section shall enable the authority to appropriate their land as an open space for the enjoyment of the public, and shall, with the necessary modifications, apply to the appropriation in like manner as it applies to the conveyance.

(3) Every parish council shall be a local authority for the purposes of this section.

1906,

Open Spaces Act, 1906. Ch. 25.

53

8. — (1) A resolution shall for the purposes of this Act be a special resolution when it has been —

(a) passed by a majority of at least two-thirds of the persons present at a meeting summoned as herein-after provided; and

(b) confirmed by another resolution passed by a majority of at least two-thirds of the persons present at a meeting summoned as herein-after provided and held after an interval of not less than one month from the first meeting.

(2) A meeting of trustees for the purposes of this Act shall be summoned by a notice stating generally the object of the meeting, which notice shall be left at or sent by post, at least one month before the date of the meeting, to the last known or usual place of abode of each trustee.

(3) A meeting of owners and occupiers of houses under this Act shall be summoned by a notice stating generally the object of the meeting, which notice shall be left at, or sent through the post to, each of such houses, at least one month before the date of the meeting, and shall be inserted as an advertisement at least three times in any two or more papers circulating in the neighbourhood.

(4) If at any meeting of trustees or of owners and occupiers under this Act a resolution with respect to an open space is rejected, no meeting of the trustees, or, as the case may be, the owners or occupiers, shall be called or held with the same object and with respect to the same open space until the expiration of three years from the date of the rejection.

(5) A meeting of owners or occupiers of houses for the purposes of this Act shall not be held between the first day of August in one year and the thirty-first day of January in the following year.

Powers of Local Authorities with respect to Open Spaces and Burial Grounds.

9. A local authority may, subject to the provisions of this Act, —

(a) acquire by agreement and for valuable or nominal consideration by way of payment in gross, or of rent, or otherwise, or without any consideration, the freehold of, or any term of years or other limited estate or interest in, or any right or easement in or over, any open space or burial ground, whether situate within the district of the local authority or not; and

(b) undertake the entire or partial care, management, and control of any such open space or burial ground, whether any interest in the soil is transferred to the local authority or not; and

(c) for the purposes aforesaid, make any agreement with any person authorised by this Act or otherwise to convey or to agree with reference to any open space or burial ground, or with, any other persons interested therein.

Special resolutions and consents.

Power of local authority to acquire open space or burial ground.

Ch. 25.

6 Edw. 7.1

54;

Open Spaces, 1906.

Maintenance 10. A local authority who have acquired any estate or

and^Sr*58 interest; in or control over any open space or burial ground; grounds by under this Act shall, subject to any conditions under which the local authority, estate, interest, or control was so acquired —

(a) hold and administer the open space or burial ground in trust to allow, and with a view to, the enjoyment thereof by the public as an open space within the meaning of this Act and under proper control and regulation and for no other purpose; and

(b) maintain and keep the open space or burial ground in a good and decent state, and may inclose it or keep it inclosed with proper railings and gates, and may drain, level, lay out, turf, plant, ornament, light, provide with seats, and otherwise improve it, and do all such works and things and employ such officers and servants as may be requisite for the purposes aforesaid or any of them.

Special provi- 11. — (1) A local authority shall not exercise any of the management of Powers management under this Act with reference to any burial grounds consecrated burial ground unless and until they are authorised and removal of so to do by the licence or faculty of the bishop, tombstones. J J r

(2) The playing of any games or sports shall not be allowed in any burial ground in or over which a local authority have acquired any estate, interest, or control under this Act, except that —

(a) in the case of a consecrated burial ground, the bishop by licence or faculty; and

(b) in the case of any burial ground which is not consecrated, the persons from whom the local authority have acquired the estate, interest, or control in or over the same may expressly sanction any such use of the burial ground, and may specify any conditions as to the extent or nature of such use.

(3) In the case of any disused burial ground, at least three months before removing or changing the position of any tombstone or monument, a local authority shall —

(a) prepare a statement sufficiently describing by the name and date appearing thereon the tombstones and monuments standing or being in the ground, and such other, particulars as may be necessary, and shall cause this statement to be deposited with the clerk of the local authority, and to be open to inspection by all persons; and

(b) insert an advertisement of the intention to remove or change the position of such tombstones and monuments three times at least in some newspaper circulating in the neighbourhood, and by that advertisement give

1906. Open Spaces Act, 1906. Ch. 25. 55

notice of the deposit of the statement herein-before;

described, and of the place, at which and the hours within which the same may be inspected; and

(e) place a notice in terms similar to the advertisement on the door of the church (if any) to which the burial ground is attached, and deliver or send by post a notice to any person known or believed by the local authority to be a near relative of any person whose death is recorded on any such tombstone or monument.

(4) In the case of a consecrated ground, no tombstone, or

monument shall be removed or its position changed without a licence or faculty from the bishop, and no application for such licence or faculty shall be made until the expiration of one month at least after the appearance of the last of such advertisements as aforesaid:-

Provided that on an application for a licence or faculty nothing shall prevent the bishop from directing or sanctioning the removal or change of position of any tombstone or monument, if he is of opinion that reasonable steps have been taken to bring the intention to effect such removal or change of position to the notice of some person having a family interest in the tombstone or monument.

(5) A licence or faculty for the purposes of this section may be granted by the bishop of the diocese within which the consecrated burial ground is situate on the application of the local authority who have acquired any estate, interest, or control in or over the burial ground, and may be granted subject to such conditions and restrictions as to the bishop may seem fit.

12. A local authority may exercise all the powers given to Powers over them by this Act respecting open spaces and burial grounds ^nb^.jfs transferred to them in pursuance of this Act in respect of any grounds open spaces and burial grounds of a similar nature which may already vested be vested in them in pursuance of any other statute, or of which J£0rity!aU* they are otherwise the owners.

13. No estate, interest, or right of a profitable or beneficial Provision for nature in, over, or affecting an open space or burial ground shall, compensation, except with the consent of the person entitled thereto, be taken

away or injuriously affected by anything done under this Act without compensation being made for the same; and such compensation shall be paid by the local authority by whom the estate, interest, or right is taken away or injuriously affected, and shall, in case of difference, be ascertained and provided in the same manner as if the same were compensation for lands purchased and taken otherwise than by agreement or injuriously affected under the Lands Clauses Acts.

14. A county council may purchase or take on lease, lay Power of out, plant, improve, and maintain lands for the purpose of being county coun-used as public walks or pleasure grounds, and may support or walks or plea-0 contribute to the support of public walks or pleasure grounds sure groimds, provided by any person whomsoever.

58

Oh, 25.

Open [Spaces Act, 19, 06.

6 Edw, Tv.

Application of Act to Ireland. 38 & 39 Vict. c. 55.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 52.

.....buildings, and the whole or the remainder of which is

. laid out as a garden or is used for purposes of recreation, or lies waste and unoccupied:

The expression "common council of the City of London " . means the mayor, aldermen, and commons of the City of London in common council assembled:

The expression "owner " —

(a) used in relation to an open space (not being a burial ground), means any person in whom the open space is vested for an estate in possession during his life or for any larger estate;

(b) used in relation to a house, includes any person entitled to any term of years in the house;

(c) used in relation to a burial ground, means the person in whom the freehold of the burial ground is vested whether as appurtenant or incident to any benefice or cure of souls or otherwise:

The expression "occupier, " used in relation to a house, means the person rated to the relief of the poor in respect of the house:

The expression "burial ground " includes any churchyard, cemetery, or other ground, whether consecrated or not, which has been at any time set apart for the purpose of interment:

The expression "disused burial ground" means any burial ground which is no longer used for interments, whether or not the ground has been partially or wholly closed for burials under the provisions of a statute or Order in Council:

The expression "building" includes any temporary or movable building.

21. — (1) In the application of this Act to Ireland —

(a) References to the Public Health Act, 1875, shall be construed as references to the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, and the reference to sections one hundred and eighty-two to one hundred and eighty-six of the first-mentioned Act shall be construed as a reference to sections two hundred and nineteen to two hundred and twenty-three of the latter Act;

(b) Reference to any local or private Act of Parliament shall be constnied as including any Act of the Parliament of Ireland;

(c) References to the Charity Commissioners shall be construed as references to the Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests for Ireland;

(d) The provisions of this Act so far as they relate to county and parish councils shall not apply.

(2) Nothing in this Act shall apply to any land for the time being under the management of the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, or belonging to the benchers of the King’s Inns in Dublin.

1906.

Open Spaces Act, 1906. Ch. 25.

22. This Act shall not extend to Scotland.

are

23. The Acts mentioned in the schedule to this Act hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of

Bhat schedule:

Provided that —

(a) Nothing in this repeal shall affect the validity or operation of any byelaw made under any enactment so repealed, but all such byelaws shall continue in force as if made under that Act, and may be revoked and altered accordingly; and

(b) Nothing in this repeal shall affect any order of a county council under any enactment repealed investing a parish council with the powers of the Open Spaces Acts, 1877 to 1890, and every parish council in respect of which such an order has before the commencement of this Act been made, shall be deemed to be a parish council invested with the powers of this Act by an order of the council of the county within which the parish is situate.

24. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of anuary nineteen hundred and seven.

25. This Act may be cited as the Open Spaces Act, 1906.

1

is

3

1

SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Extent of Repeal.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 35. The Metropolitan Open Spaces Act, 1877. The whole Act.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 34. The Metropolitan Open Spaces Act, 1881. The whole Act.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 52. The Open Spaces Act, 1887. The whole Act except so much of section four as amends the Disused Burial Grounds Act, 1884.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 15. The Open Spaces Act, 1890. The whole Act.

62 & 63 Vict. c. 30. The Commons Act, 1899 Section seventeen.

59

Extent.

Repeal.

[Commencement of Act.]

[Short title.]

Section 23.

60

Ch. 26.

Appropriation Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

CHAPTER 26.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and seven, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[4th August 1906.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Grants out of Consolidated Fund.

issue of 1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of

of’the ConaS? United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply

dated Fund. " towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and seven, the sum of sixty-eight million five hundred and twenty-eight thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight pounds.

Power for the 2. — (1) The Treasury may borrow from any person, by the

Treasury to issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England

rrow* and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on the

credit of the said sums, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole sixty-eight million five hundred and twenty-eight thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and seven, and section six of the 40 & 41 Vict 41 Vict. Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills), c*2> shall not apply with respect to those bills.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding five pounds per cent, per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that'in which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

.1906.

Appropriation Act, 1906.

61

Ch.

26.

Appropriation of Grants.

3. All sums granted by this Act and the other Act mentioned in Schedule (A.) annexed to this Act out of the said Consolidated Fund towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty, amounting, as appears by the said schedule, in the aggregate, to the sum of one hundred and eleven million five hundred and five thousand three hundred and eight pounds, are appropriated, and shall be deemed to have been appropriated as from the date of the passing of the Act mentioned in the said Schedule (A.), for the services and purposes expressed in Schedule (B.) annexed hereto.

The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed hereto, with the notes (if any) to such schedules, shall be deemed to be part of this Act in the same manner as if they had been contained in the body thereof.

In addition to the sums hereby granted out of the Consolidated Fund, there may be applied out of any money directed under section two of the Public Accounts and Charges Act, 1891, to be applied as appropriations in aid of the grants for the services and purposes specified in Schedule (B.) annexed hereto, the sums respectively set forth in the last column of the said schedule.

4. If a necessity arise for incurring expenditure not provided for in the sums appropriated to naval and military services by this Act, and which it may be detrimental to the public service to postpone until provision can be made for it by Parliament in the usual course, the department entrusted with the control over the said service shall forthwith make application in writing to the Treasury for their authority to defray temporarily such expenditure out of any surpluses which may have been or which may be effected by the saving of expenditure upon votes within the same department, and in such application the department shall represent to the Treasury the circumstances which may relider such additional expenditure necessary, and thereupon the Treasury may authorise the expenditure unprovided for as aforesaid to be temporarily defrayed out of any surpluses which may have been or which may be effected as aforesaid upon votes within the same department; and a statement showing all cases in which the naval and military departments have obtained the sanction of the Treasury to any expenditure not provided for in the respective votes aforesaid, accompanied by copies of the representations made to them by the said department, shall be laid before the House of Commons with the appropriation accounts of navy and army services for the year, in order that such proceedings may be submitted for the sanction of Parliament, and that provision may be made for the deficiencies upon the several votes for the said services in such manner as Parliament may determine.

Appropriation of sums voted for supply services.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 24.

Treasury may, in certain cases of exigency, authorise expenditure unprovided for; provided that the aggregate grants for the navy services and for the army services respectively be not exceeded.

2 < Ch. 26. Appropriatio 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

The Treasury shall not authorise any expenditure which may cause an excess upon the aggregate sums appropriated by this Act for naval services and for army services respectively.

Sanction for 5. Whereas the Treasury, under the powers vested in them

expenditureS by the Appropriation Act, 1904, and the Appropriation Act, 1904-1905 un- 1905, have authorised expenditure not provided for in the sums r*i7 appropriated by the said Acts to certain votes for naval and 5 Edw.* 7. c. 17! military services for the year ended on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and five to be temporarily defrayed out of surpluses effected by the saving of expenditure on other votes for naval and military services for the said year; viz.,

1st. A sum of four hundred and twenty-five thousand two hundred and eighty-nine pounds one shilling and tenpence for navy services out of the unexpended balances of certain votes:

2nd. A sum of two hundred and seventeen thousand two hundred and sixty pounds seventeen shillings and tenpence for army services out of the unexpended balances of certain votes:

It is enacted that the application of the said sums is hereby sanctioned.

Declaration re- 6. A person shall not receive any part of a grant which certo^cLses maY he made in pursuance of this Act for half-pay or army, before receipt navy, or civil non-effective services, until he has subscribed of sums appro, such declaration as may from time to time be prescribed by a priated. warrant of the Treasury before one of the persons prescribed by

such warrant:

Provided that, whenever any such payment is made at more frequent intervals than once in a quarter, the Treasury may dispense with the production of more than one declaration in respect of each quarter.

Any person who makes a declaration for the purpose of this section, knowing the same to be untrue in any material particular, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor.

short title. 7. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Appropriation

Act, 1906.

\ 1906.

Appropriation* Act, 1906.

Ch, 26.

63

ABSTRACT

OF

SCHEDULES (A.) and (B.) to which this Act refers.

Section 3.

SCHEDULE (A.)

£ 8.

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund ' - - 111, 505, 308 0 0

SCHEDULE (B.) — Appropriation of Grants.

- w.

Sums not exceeding

1905- 1906.

Part 1. Navy (Supplementary), 1905-1906, 2. Civil Services (Supplemen-

tary), 1905-1906 -

1906- 1907.

, 3. Navy

(Army Armjr (Ordnance Factories) -

5. Civil Services, Class I.

9) 6. Ditto, Class II.

19 )} 7. Ditto, Class III.

))8. Ditto, Class IY.

f) 9. Ditto, Class Y.

«) 10. Ditto, Class YI.

11. Ditto, Class YTI.

Total, Civil Services - £ 12. Revenue Departments, &c. £ Grand Total - - £

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ 8. d. £ 8. d.

100 0 0 —

120, 480 0 0 3, 800 0 0

120, 580 0 0 3, 800 0 0

31, 869, 500 0 0 1, 703, 802 0 0

29, 796,000 0 0 3, 242, 561 0 0

100 0 0 3, 387,000 0 0

61, 665, 600 0 0 8, 333, 363 0 0

2, 790, 280 0 0 104, 086 0 0

2, 747, 285 0 0 596, 789 0 0

3, 888, 894 0 0 784, 191 0 0

17, 178, 282 0 0 26, 605 0 0

1, 873, 905 0 0 165, 873 0 0

800, 345 0 0 116 0 0

481, 196 0 0 5, 500 0 0

29, 760, 187 0 0 1, 683, 160 0 0

19, 958, 941 0 0 448, 538 0 0

111, 505, 308 0 0 10, 468, 861 0 0

64:

Ch. 26.

Appropriation, 1906. 6 Edw. 7,

SCHED. (A.) Section 3.

SCHED. (B.) PAST

Navy Supplementary, 1905-1906. Section 3.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Grant out op the Consolidated Fund.

For the service of Ithe year ended on the 31st March £ d.

1906: —

Under Act 6 Edw. 7. c. 1. - 120, 580 0 0

For the service of the year ending on 31st March 1907:—

Under Act 6 Edw. 7. c. 1. - - 42, 855, 900 0 0

Under this Act - ... 68, 528, 828 0 0

Total - - £ 111, 505, 308 0 0

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 1.

Navy Supplementary, 1905-1906.

Sum granted to meet additional expenditure on Navy Services for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1906, viz.:—

£ 8. d.

Tote 8. — Shipbuilding, Repairs, Maintenance, &c.:

Section IL — Materiel - 100,000 0 0

Section III. — Contract Work - - 100 0 0

Vote 10. — Works, Buildings, and Repairs, &c. - 100 0 0

Vote 11. — Miscellaneous Effective Services - - 61,000 0 0

£ 161, 200 0 0

Less Surpluses on other Votes - 161, 100 0 0

£ 100 0 0

1906.

Appropriation, 1906. Ch. 26.

65

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 2. Ba£SnF *

Civil Services and Revenue Departments (Supplementary),

1905-1906.

Civil Services and Revenue Departments

CHEDule of Supplementary Sums granted to defray the charges for mentaly), the Services herein particularly mentioned for the year ended on the 1905-1906. 31st day of March 1906; viz.: — Section 3.

Sums not exceeding

CIVIL SERVICES. Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Class II. For the salaries and expenses of the Registry of Friendly Societies - £ 130 £

Class III.

For the expenses of the Office of the Irish Land Commission ---- 1, 600 —

Class V.

For the expenses in connection with His Majesty's Missions Abroad - For paying to the French Government the compensation awarded to French Fishermen on the Treaty Shore of Newfoundland - 500 54, 683 2,000

For the settlement of the Samoa Arbitration Claims 8, 567 —

Class VII.

For the salaries and other expenses of Temporary Commissions, Committees, and Special Inquiries - For a grant in aid of the expenses of the British Commission for the Milan International Exhibition, 1906 36.000 10.000 —

Revenue Departments.

For the salaries and expenses of the Customs Department ---- 9,000 1, 800

Total - £ 120, 480 3, 800

E

66

Ch. 26.

Appropriation Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

sched. (B.) SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 3.

Part 3.

Navy. NAVY.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may he applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Navy Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1907; viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropria tions in Aid.

No.

1. For wages, &c. to 129,000 officers, seamen, £ £

and boys, coastguard, and Royal marines - 6, 810, 700 135, 827

For victualling and clothing for the navy, including the cost of victualling establishments at home and abroad - 2, 053, 200 528, 899

3. For medical services, including the cost of medical establishments at home and abroad 275, 500 19, 297

4. For martial law, including the cost of naval prisons at home and abroad 14, 700 95

5. For educational services - - 165, 600 63, 861

6. For scientific services - 65, 100 25, 093

7. For the royal naval reserve, the royal fleet reserve (including seamen pensioner reserve), and the royal naval volunteers, &c.- 426, 600 8, 161

' 8. Sect. 1. For the personnel for shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance, &c., including the cost of establishments of dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad - 2, 407, 600 21, 800

I, Sect. 2. For the materiel for shipbuilding,] repairs, maintenance, &c., including the cost of establishments of dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad 2, 827, 200 528,000

, Sect. 3. For contract work for shipbuilding, repairs, &c. - 8, 588, 400 137,000

9. For naval armaments - 2, 986,000 149, 123

10. For works, buildings, and repairs at home and abroad, including the cost of superintendence, purchase of sites, grants in aid, and o^her charges connected therewith 1, 954, 500 32,000

11. For various miscellaneous effective services - 482, 200 12, 890

12. For the Admiralty Office - - 351, 500 8, 750

13. For half-pay, reserved and retired pay to officers of the navy and marines 820, 700 12, 880

14. For naval and marine pensions, gratuities, and compassionate allowances 1, 256, 300 19, 728

15. For civil pensions and gratuities 383, 700 398

Total Navy Services - - £ 31, 869, 500 1, 703, 802

Appropriation Act, 1906.

1906.

Ch. 26.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 4.

ARMY.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Army Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1907; viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No.

1. For the pay, &c. of His Majesty's Army (including Army Reserve to a number not exceeding 122,000) at home and abroad (exclusive of India) - £ £

10, 220,000 1, 062,000

2. For the pay, &c. of the medical establishment, and for medicines, &c. - 490,000 1, 700

3. For the pay, bounty, &c. of the militia (to a number not exceeding 141, 058, including 8,000 militia reserve) - - 819,000 9,000

4. For the pay and allowances of the Imperial yeomanry - 423,000 750

5. For capitation grants and miscellaneous charges of volunteer corps, including pay, &c. of the permanent staff - 1, 244,000 1, 800 49,000

6. For quarterings, transport and remounts 2, 111,000

7. For supplies and clothing - 4, 492,000 387, 400

8. For the Ordnance Department establishments and the supply and repair of general stores 775,000 206,000

9. For the supply and repair of armaments and engineer stores - 2, 543,000 415,000

10. For barrack construction; for works, buildings, and repairs at home and abroad (including purchases of land) and for the staff in connection therewith - 2, 353,000 86, 750

11. For certain establishments for military education 132,000 73, 100

12. For sundry miscellaneous effective services 77,000 700

13. For the War Office and Army Accounts Department - - 559,000 250

14. For rewards, half-pay, retired pay, widows’ pensions, wounds pensions, and other non-effective charges for officers, &c. - 1, 694,000 453, 421

15. For Chelsea and Kilmainham hospitals, and the in-pensioners thereof; for out-pensions, and for gratuities awarded in commutation and in lieu of pensions; for the maintenance of lunatics for whom pensions are not drawn; . for pensions to schoolmistresses and nurses; for rewards for meritorious services; for Victoria Cross pensions, and for pensions, &c. to the widows and children of warrant officers, non-commissioned officers, and men, &c. 1, 684,000 495.557

16. For civil superannuation, compensation, and compassionate allowances, and gratuities, and also for payments under the Workmen’s Compensation Act - 180,000 133

Total Army Services - £ 29, 796,000 j 3, 242, 561

68

SCHED. (B.) PART 4.

Army.

SCHED. (B.) Part 5.

Civil. Services. Class I.

Ch. 26. - Appropriation Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7-

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Army (Ordnance Factories).

For the ordnance factories, the cost of productions of which is charged to the army, navy, and Indian and Colonial Governments 100 3, 387,000

Total Army Services (including) £ Ordnance Factories) - -J 29, 796, 100 6, 629, 561

SCHEDULE (B.)-Part 5.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class I.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1907; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For expenditure in respect of royal palaces

2. For expenditure in respect of Osborne -

3. For the royal parks and pleasure gardens -

4. For expenditure in respect of the Houses of Parliament buildings -

5. For expenditure in respect of miscellaneous legal buildings, Great Britain -

6. For expenditure in respect of Art and Science buildings. Great Britain -

7. For expenditure in respect of diplomatic and consular buildings, and for the maintenance of certain cemeteries abroad -

8. For the Customs, Inland Revenue, Post Office, and Post Office Telegraph buildings in Great Britain, and certain Post Offices abroad, including furniture, fuel, and sundry miscellaneous services -

9. For expenditure in respect of sundry public buildings in Great Britain not provided for on other votes -

10. For the survey of the United Kingdom, and for minor services connected therewith

11. For maintaining certain harbours under the Board of Trade and for grants in aid of harbours -

12. For constructing a new harbour of refuge at Peterhead -

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

66,000 805

16, 400 1, 860

106, 500 8, 970

51, 800 380

64, 800 710

70, 800 80

102,000 750

622,000 4, 630

517,000 23, 131

214, 578 26, 900

20, 606 2, 600

32,000

1906. Appropriation Act, 1906. Ch. 26.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. tions in Aid.

No. 13. For rates and contributions in lieu of rates, &c., £ £

in respect of Government property, and for rates on houses occupied by representatives of Foreign Powers, and for salaries and expenses of the Rating of Government property department, and for a contribution towards the expenses of the Metropolitan Fire Brigade - 635, 656 26, 970

14. For the erection, repairs, and maintenance of public buildings in Ireland, for the maintenance of certain parks and public works, and for the maintenance of drainage works on the River Shannon - 206, 477 6, 300

15. For payments under the Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883, &c j the Tramways (Ireland) Act, 1895, the Railways (Ireland) Act, 1896, and the Marine Works (Ireland) Act, 1902 - 63, 663

Total Civil Services, Class I. - £ 2, 790, 280 104, 086

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 6.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class II.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1907; viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. tions in Aid

No. 1. For the salaries and expenses of the offices of £ £

the House of Lords - 17, 210 25,000

2. For the salaries and expenses in the offices of the House of Commons - 32, 900 25,000

3. For the salaries and other expenses of the department of His Majesty's Treasury and subordinate departments, including expenses in respect of advances under the Light Railways Act, 1896 - 99, 911 3, 694

4. For the salaries and expenses of the office of His Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department and subordinate offices - 190, 085 9,000

69

SCHED. (B.) Part 5.

Civil Services. Class I.

SCHED. (B.) Part 6.

Civil Services. Class II.

Appropriation Act, 1906.

6 EdMt. -7.

70

SCHED. (B.) PART 6.

Civil Services. Class II.

Ch. 26.

No.

5. For the salaries and expenses of the department

of His Majesty's Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs -

6. For the salaries and expenses of the department

of His Majesty's Secretary of State for the Colonies, including a grant in aid of certain expenses connected with Emigration -

7. For the salaries and expenses of the department

of His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council -

8. For the salaries and expenses of the office of

the Committee of Privy Council for Trade, and subordinate departments -

9. For the salaries and expenses of certain services

transferred from the Mercantile Marine Fund and other services connected with the Mercantile Marine (including Merchant Seamen’s Fund Pensions) -

10. For meeting the deficiency of income from

fees, &c. for the requirements of the Board of Trade, under , the Bankruptcy Acts, 1883 and 1890, and the Companies (Winding-up) Act, 1890 ......

11. For the salaries and expenses of the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries and of Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, including certain grants in aid -

12. For the salaries and expenses of the Charity Commission for England and Wales

13. For the salaries and expenses of the Civil Service Commission -

14. For the salaries and expenses of the department of the Comptroller and Auditor-General

15. For the salaries and expenses of the Registry of Friendly Societies -

16. For the salaries and expenses of the Local Government Board -

17. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners in Lunacy in England

18. For the salaries and expenses of the Mint, including the expenses of coinage

19. For the salaries and expenses of the National Debt Office -

20. For the salaries and expenses of the Public Record Office and of the Office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments -

21. For the salaries and expenses of the establishment under the Public Works Loan Commissioners -

22. For the salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of Births, &c. in England -

23. For stationery, printing, paper, binding, and

printed books, for the public service, for the salaries and expenses of the Stationery Office, and for sundry miscellaneous services including reports of Parliamentary Debates -

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriation's in Aid.

64, 396 600

54, 050 —

11, 290 1, 805

245, 373 9, 330

101, 873 54, 950

8 132, 021

130, 335 32, 800

31, 079 —

42, 243 —

64, 699 2, 677

8, 589 —

233, 470 5, 300

15, 736 944

70 126, 200

13, 348 2, 668

24, 430 —

2,000 9, 197

40, 412 8, 830

731, 480 113,000

1906.

Appropriation 1906. Ch. 26,

71

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. tions in Aid.

No. w 24. For the salaries and expenses of the office of £ £

His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues ---- 20, 756

25. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Works and Public Buildings - 26. For His Majesty's foreign and other secret services - - 79, 278

50,000

27. For the salaries and expenses of the office of His Majesty's Secretary for Scotland and subordinate office, expenses under the Inebriates Acts, 1879 to 1900, and expenses under the Private 'Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1899, including a grant in aid of the Congested Districts (Scotland) Fund ---- 34, 750 2, 650

28. For the salaries and expenses of the Fishery Board for Scotland, and for grants in aid of piers or quays - 18, 691 -

29. For the salaries and expenses of the Board of Lunacy in Scotland 6, 231 525

30. For the salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of Births, &c. in Scotland - 4, 741 750

31. For the salaries and expenses of the Local Government Board for Scotland 15, 470

32. For the salaries and expenses of the household of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland 4, 672 .

33. For the salaries and expenses of- the offices of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, in Dublin and London, and of the Inspectors of Lunatic Asylums 26, 118 289

34. For the salaries and expenses of the department of agriculture and other industries, and technical instruction for Ireland, and of the services administered by that department, including sundry grants in aid 190, 146 1, 380

35. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests for Ireland - 2.049 34

36. For the salaries and expenses of the Local Government Board in Ireland 63, 566 11, 500

37. For the salaries and expenses of the Public Record Office in Ireland and of the Keeper of State Papers in Dublin - - 5, 484

38. For the salaries and expenses of the Office of Public Works in Ireland - 39, 938 3,000

39. For the salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of Births, &c., and for the expenses of collecting emigration statistics in Ireland - - 12, 132 720

40. For the salaries and expenses of the general valuation and boundary survey of Ireland (including a supplementary sum of 1,000l.) - 18, 276 12, 925

1 Total Civil Services, Class II. - £ 2, 747, 285 596, 789

SCHED. (B.) PART 6. '

Civil Services, Class H.

72

Ch. 26.

Appropriation Actf 1906. 6 Edw. 7 *

SCHED. (B.) PART 7.

Civil Services. Class III.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 7.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class III.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1907; viz.: —

No.

1. For the salaries of the law officers department,

the salaries and expenses of the department of the Solicitor for the affairs of His Majesty's Treasury, King’s Proctor, and Director of Public Prosecutions, the coats of prosecutions, of other legal proceedings, and of Parliamentary Agency -

2. For certain miscellaneous legal expenses, including grants in aid of the expenses of the Incorporated Law Societies of England and Ireland -

3. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund -

4. For the salaries and expenses of the office of Land Registry -

5. For the salaries and expenses connected with

the County Courts -C. For the salaries of the Commissioner and Assistant Commissioners of the Metropolitan Police, and of the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District, the pay and expenses of officers of Metropolitan Police employed on special duties, and the salaries and expenses of the Inspectors of Constabulary

7. For the expenses of the prisons in England, Wales, and the Colonies

8. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Inspector of Reformatories and for the maintenance of juvenile offenders in reformatory, industrial, and day industrial schools and under the Youthful Offenders Act, in Great Britain -

9. For the maintenance of criminal lunatics in Broadmoor Criminal Lunatio Asylum -

10. For the salaries and expenses of the Lord

Advocate’s department and other law charges, and the salaries and expenses of the Courts of Law and Justice in Scotland

11. For the salaries and expenses of the offices in His Majesty's General Register House, Edinburgh -

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

71, 954 16,000

49, 914 12, 731

319, 066 54, 500

43, 602 ~

7 495, 940

39, 953 65

734, 255 19,000

243, 977 28,000

39, 121 1, 200

80, 828 48,000

42, 745 —

1906.

Appropriation Act, 1906. Ch. 26.

73

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. tions in Aid.

No.

12. For the salaries and expenses of the Establishment of the Crofters’ Commission 4, 445

13. For the salaries and expenses of the Prison Commissioners for Scotland, and of the

prisons under their control, including the maintenance of criminal lunatics and inmates of the State inebriate reformatory, and the preparation of judicial statistics 89, 600 5, 060

14. For criminal prosecutions and other law charges in Ireland - 62, 652 490

15. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature and of certain other legal departments in Ireland as are not

charged on the Consolidated Fund 102, 586 2, 500

16. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Irish Land Commission - 214, 215 11, 400

17. For the salaries, allowances, and expenses of various county court officers, and of magistrates in Ireland, and the expenses of revision 111, 088 4, 800

18. For the salaries and expenses of the Commissioner of Police, the police courts and metropolitan police establishment of Dublin 95, 721 53, 859

19. For the expenses of the Royal Irish Constabulary 1, 310, 038 25, 696

20. For the expenses of the General Prisons Board in Ireland, and of the establishments under their control; the registration of habitual criminals and the maintenance of criminal lunatics confined in district lunatic asylums - 114, 556 3, 300

21. For the expenses of reformatory and industrial schools and under the Youthful Offenders Act, 1901, in Ireland - 110, 995 1, 650

22. For the maintenance of criminal lunatics in D undrum Criminal Lunatic Asylum, Ireland 7, 576 —

Total Civil Services, Class III. - 3, 888, 894 784, 191

SCHED. (B.)

Part 7. Civil Services. Class III.

74

SCHED. (B.) PART 8.

Civil Services. Class IV.

Ch. 26. Appropriation Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 8.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class IV.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1907; viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the Board of Education, and of the various establishments connected therewith, including sundry grants in aid (including a Supplementary Sum of 200,000Z. for Grants towards Expenditure on Public Elementary Schools in England £ £

and Wales) ----2. For the salaries and other expenses of the British Museum, and of the Natural History 13, 339, 600 8, 255

Museum, including certain grants in aid 3. For the salaries and expenses of the National Gallery, and of the National Gallery of British Art, Millbank, including a grant in 169, 998 9, 050

aid fdir the purchase of pictures 4. For the salaries and expenses of the National Portrait Gallery, including a grant in aid for 17, 038 1, 700

the purchase of portraits 5. For the salaries and expenses of the Wallace 5, 619 —

Collection -6. For sundry grants in aid of scientific investiga- 6, 821 700

tion, &c., and other grants -7. For grants in aid of the expenses of certain Universities and Colleges in Great Britain and of the expenses under the Welsh Inter- 57, 650

mediate Education Act, 1889 -8. For public education in Scotland, and for Science and Art in Scotland, including a 200, 400

grant in aid -9. For a grant to the Board of Trustees for manufactures in Scotland, in aid of the maintenance of the National Gallery, School of Art and Museum of Antiquities, Scotland, 1, 972, 128

&C. ---- 10. For the expenses of the Commissioners of National Education in Ireland, including a grant in aid of the Teachers Pension Fund, Ireland ---- 11. For the expenses of the Office of the Commissioners for managing certain school endow- 5, 768

1, 393, 223 150

ments in Ireland -12. For the salaries and expenses of the National Gallery of Ireland, including a grant in aid 910

for the purchase of pictures -13. For a grant in aid of the expenses of the 4, 266

Queen’s Colleges in Ireland - 4, 861 6, 750

Total Civil Services, Class IV. - £ 17, 178, 282 26, 605

1906.]Appivprictiion Act, 1906. Ch. 26.

SCHEDULE (R) — Part 9.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class V.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 81st day of March 1907; viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No.

1. For the expenses in connection with His Majesty's embassies, missions, and consular - establishments abroad, and other expenditure £ £

chargeable to the Consular Vote 2. For sundry colonial services, including certain 553, 856 96, 020

grants in aid -3. For the subsidies to certain Telegraph Companies, and a grant in aid of the annual 1, 197, 952

expenses of the Pacific Cable -4. For a grant in aid of the Revenue of the Island 79, 497 69, 853

of Cyprus - 5. For making good the net loss on transactions connected with the raising of money for the various Treasury chests abroad in the year 28,000

1905-6 - - 14, 600

Total Civil Services, Class V. - £ 1, 873, 905 165, 873

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 10.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VI.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1907; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. tions in Aid,

No. 1. For superannuation, compensation, and com- £ £

passionate allowances and gratuities under sundry Statutes, for compassionate allowances and gratuities awarded by the Treasury; and for the salaries of medical referees - 658, 969 —

<75

SCHED. (B.) Part 9.

Civil Services. Class Y.

SCHED. (B.) PART 10.

Civil Services. Class VI.

76

Ch. 26.

Appropriation, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

SCHED. (B.) PART 10.

Civil Services. Class VI.

SCHED. (B.) Part 11.

Civil Services. Class VII.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No.

2. For certain miscellaneous charitable, and other £ £

allowances - 1, 533 —

3. For hospitals and infirmaries and certain miscellaneous charitable, and other allowances in Ireland, including sundry grants in aid 17, 199 116

4. For making good deficiencies on the Income Accounts of the Funds for Trustee Savings Banks, Friendly Societies, and Post Office Savings Banks .... 122, 644 —

Total Civil Services, Class VI. £ 800, 345 116

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 11.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VII.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the suras which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1907; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid

No.

1. For the salaries and other expenses of temporary commissions, committees, and £ £

special inquiries .... 47,000 —

2. For certain miscellaneous expenses ... 3. For making good certain sums written off from 21, 180 5, 500

the assets of the Local Loans Fund 4. For the Ireland Development Grant (Grant in 58

Aid) ..... 5. For the repayment to the Civil Contingencies 185,000

Fund of certain miscellaneous advances 6. For a Grant in Aid of the Expenses of the 22, 958

Inter-Parliamentary Conference, 1906 -7. For Contributions in Aid of Expenses under the 5,000

Unemployed Workmen Act, 1905 200,000 "

Total Civil Services, Class VII. £ 481, 196 5, 500

1906.

Appropriation, 1906. Ch. 26, 27.

77

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 12.

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS, &c.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Revenue Departments, &c. herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1907; viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No. 1. For the salaries and expenses of the Customs £ £

Department -2. For the salaries and expenses of the Inland 952, 700 54, 550

Revenue Department ... 3. For the salaries and expenses of the Post Office 2, 259, 500 17,000

including Telegraphs - 16, 746, 741 376, 988

Total Revenue Departments - £ 19, 958, 941 448, 538

CHAPTER 27.

An Act to amend the law with respect to the sale of Agricultural Fertilisers and Feeding Stuffs.

[4th August 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) Every person who sells for use as a fertiliser of the soil any article which has been subjected to any artificial process m the United Kingdom, or which has been imported from abroad, shall give to the purchaser an invoice stating the name of the article and what are the respective percentages (if any) of nitrogen, soluble phosphates, insoluble phosphates, and potash contained in the article, and the invoice shall have effect as a warranty by the seller that the actual percentages do not differ from those stated in the invoice beyond the prescribed limits of error.

(2) Every person who sells for use as food for cattle or poultry any article which has been artificially prepared shall give to the

SCHED. (B.) PART 12.

Revenue

Departments,

&c.

Warranties as to fertilisers and feeding stuffs.

78

Ch. 27. Fertilisers and Feeding Stuffs, Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7,

purchaser an invoice stating the name of the article, and whether it has been prepared from one substance or seed or from more than one substance or seed, and in the case of any article artificially prepared otherwise than by being mixed broken ground or chopped, what are the respective percentages (if any) of oil and albuminoids contained in the article, and the invoice shall have effect as a warranty by the seller as to the facts so stated, except that as respects percentages the invoice shall have effect as a warranty only that the actual percentages do not differ from those stated in the invoice beyond the prescribed limits of error.

(3) Where any article sold for use.as food for cattle or poultry is sold under a name or description implying that it is prepared from any particular substance or from any two or more particular substances, or is the product of any particular seed or of any two or more particular seeds, and without indication that it is mixed or compounded with any other substance or seed, there shall be implied a warranty by the seller that it is pure, that is to say, is prepared from that substance, or those substances only, or is a product of that seed or those seeds only.

(4) On the sale of any article for use as food for cattle or poultry, there shall be implied a warranty by the seller that the article is suitable to be used as such.

(5) Any statement by the seller of the percentages of the chemical and other ingredients contained in any article sold for use as a fertiliser of the soil, or of the nutritive and other ingredients contained in any article sold for use as food for cattle or poultry, made after the commencement of this Act in an invoice of such article, or in any circular or advertisement descriptive of such article, shall have effect as a warranty by the seller.

(6) Where an article sold for use as a fertiliser of the soil or as food for cattle or poultry consists of two or more ingredients which have been mixed at the request of the purchaser, it shall "be a sufficient compliance with the provisions of this section with respect to percentages if the invoice contains a statement of percentages with respect to the several ingredients before mixture, and a statement that they have been mixed at the request of the purchaser.

Power to ap- 2. — (1) The Board of Agriculture and Fisheries shall appoint

andLmalie5 a agricultural analyst (hereinafter referred to as the chief an samp ers. ana2yS^ wh0 shall have such remuneration out of moneys provided by Parliament as the Treasury may assign. The chief analyst shall not while holding his office engage in private practice.

(2) Every county council shall, and the council of any county borough may, appoint an official agricultural analyst (hereinafter referred to as an agricultural analyst) and one or more official samplers for their county or borough.

(3) The council of any county or county borough may also appoint a. deputy agricultural analyst, who shall, in case of

1906.

Fertilisers and Feeding Stuffs Act, 1906. Ch. 27. 79

illness, incapacity, or absence of the agricultural analyst, have all the powers and duties of the agricultural analyst, and where the deputy acts this Act shall apply as if he were the agricultural analyst.

(4) The appointment of an agricultural analyst, deputy agricultural analyst, or official sampler shall be subject to the approval of the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries.

(5) A person whilst holding the office of agricultural analyst shall not engage or be interested in any trade, manufacture, or business connected with the sale or importation of articles used for fertilising the soil or as food for cattle or poultry.

3. — (1) Every purchaser of any article used for fertilising Power to have the soil or as food for cattle or poultry who has taken a sample thereof within ten days after delivery of the article to him aiuiysed.U or receipt of the invoice by him, whichever is later, shall, on payment of the required fee, be entitled to have the sample analysed by the agricultural analyst.

(2) An official sampler shall at the request of the purchaser and on payment by him of the required fee, and may without any such request, take a sample for analysis by the agricultural analyst of any such article as aforesaid which has been sold or is exposed or kept for sale, but, in the case of an article which has been sold, the sample shall be taken before the expiration of ten days after the delivery of the article to the purchaser, or the receipt of the invoice by the purchaser, whichever is later.

(3) Where a sample has been taken with a view to the institution of any civil or criminal proceeding, the person taking the sample shall divide the sample into three parts, and shall cause each part to be marked, sealed, and fastened up, and shall deliver or send by post two parts to the agricultural analyst and one part to the seller.

(4) An agricultural analyst to whom a sample is submitted for analysis under this section —

(a) if the sample has not been divided into parts and the parts marked, sealed, and fastened up as herein-before mentioned, shall send a copy of the certificate of his analysis to the person who submitted the sample for analysis; and

(b) if the sample has been so divided into parts, shall analyse one of the parts of the sample delivered or sent to him and retain the other, and shall send a certificate of his analysis in the prescribed form and containing the prescribed particulars to the person who submitted the sample for analysis, and where that person is not the purchaser of the article also to the purchaser, and in every case to the seller and to such other persons (if any) as may be prescribed, and shall report to the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries in the prescribed manner the result of any such analysis;

Provided that if the agricultural analyst does not know

80

Ch. 27. Fertilisers and Feeding Stuffs Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Power of Board of Agriculture and Fisheries to make regulations.

the name and address of the seller he shall send the certificate intended for the seller to the purchaser, to be by him forwarded to the seller.

(5) At the hearing of any civil or criminal proceeding with

respect to any article a sample whereof has been analysed in pursuance of this section, the production of a certificate of the agricultural analyst, or, if a sample has been submitted to the chief analyst, then of the chief analyst, shall be sufficient evidence of the facts therein stated unless the defendant or person charged requires that the analyst or the person who made the analysis be called as a witness: Provided that this subsection shall not apply —

(a) where the sample has been taken otherwise than in the prescribed manner; or

(b) where the sample has not been divided into parts and the parts marked, sealed, and fastened up as hereim-before mentioned.

(6) If in any such legal proceeding (other than a proceeding which cannot be instituted until an analysis has been made and a certificate given by the chief analyst) either party to the proceeding objects to the certificate of the agricultural analyst, the party objecting shall, on payment of such fee as may be fixed by the Treasury, be entitled to have submitted to the chief analyst the part of the sample retained by the agricultural analyst, and to have that part analysed by the chief analyst and to receive from him a certificate of the result of his analysis.

(7) Where a sample is, under this section, sent for analysis to the chief analyst or to an agricultural analyst, there shall be sent with the sample the invoice (if any) relating to the article from which the sample was taken, or a copy of the invoice or of any prescribed part thereof.

4. — (1) The Board of Agriculture and Fisheries may make regulations —

(a) with respect to any matter which under this Act is to be prescribed;

(b) as to the qualifications to be possessed by agricultural analysts, deputy agricultural analysts, and official samplers;

(c) as to the manner in which analyses are to be made;

(d) as to the manner in which samples are to be taken and dealt with; and

(e) generally for the purpose of carrying this Act into execution:

Provided that nothing in this section or in any regulations made thereunder, shall affect the right of the purchaser of an article used for fertilising the soil, or as food for cattle or poultry, to have analysed by the agricultural analyst a sample of an article taken by him or at his request otherwise than in accordance with the regulations.

1906. Fertilisers and Feeding Stuffs Act, 1906. Ch. 27. 81

(2) All regulations made under this section shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament as soon as may be after they are made.

5. — (1) The council of a county or county borough may concur with one or more other such councils in making any appointment which the}’' are authorised to make under this Act, and as to the apportionment in the case of such a joint appointment of the expenses amongst the several councils.

(2) The council of any county or county borough may contribute towards any expenses incurred by any agricultural body or association in causing samples to be taken for analysis by the agricultural analyst.

(3) The council of any county or county borough may fix the fees payable in respect of the making of any analysis and the taking of any sample at the request of a purchaser.

(4) The expenses of the council incurred in the execution of this Act shall be defrayed, in the case of a county council as part of their general expenses, and in the case of a county borough council out of the borough fund or borough rate.

6-(1) If any person who sells any article for use as a fertiliser of the soil or as food for cattle or poultry commits any of the following offences, namely: —

(a) Fails without reasonable excuse to give, on or before or as soon as possible after the delivery of the article, the invoice required by this Act; or

(b) Causes or permits any invoice or description of the article sold by him to be false in any material particular to the prejudice of the purchaser; or

(c) Sells for use as food for cattle or poultry any article which contains any ingredient deleterious to cattle or poultry, or to which has been added any ingredient worthless for feeding purposes and not disclosed at the time of the sale; he shall, without prejudice to any civil liability, be liable, on summary conviction, for a first offence to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, and for any subsequent offence to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds:

Provided that a person shall not be convicted of an offence under paragraph (6) of this subsection if he proves either

(i) that he did not know, and could not with reasonable care have ascertained, that the invoice or description was false; or

(ii) that he purchased the article sold with a written warranty

or invoice from a person in the United Kingdom, and that that warranty or invoice contained the false statement in question, and that he had no reason to believe at the time when he sold the article that the statement was false, and that he sold the article in the state in which it was when he purchased it.

F

Provisions as to county and county borough councils.

Penalties for breach of duty by seller.

82

Penalties for tampering.

Penalty for obstructing official sampler.

Institution of prosecutions and appeals.

Ch. 27. Fertilisers and Feeding Stuffs Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

(2) In any proceeding for an offence under this section it shall be no defence to allege that the purchaser, having bought only for analysis, was not prejudiced by the sale.

(3) A prosecution for an offence under this section shall not be instituted except with the consent of the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries, and the Board shall not give such consent until the part of the sample retained by the agricultural analyst has been analysed, and a certificate of analysis given, by the chief analyst.

(4) In any prosecution under this section the summons shall state particulars of the offences alleged, and also the name of the prosecutor, and shall not be made returnable in less time than fourteen days from the day on which it is served, and there must be served therewith a copy of any analyst’s certificate obtained on behalf of the prosecutor.

7. If any person fraudulently —

(a) tampers with any article so as to procure that any sample of it taken under this Act does not correctly represent the article; or

(b) tampers with any sample taken under this Act;

he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months.

8. If —

(a) the owner, or the person entrusted for the time being

with the charge or custody of any article sold or intended to be sold for use as a fertiliser of the soil or as food for cattle or poultry refuses to allow an official sampler to take a sample of the article for the purpose of analysis; or

(b) the purchaser of any such article refuses to give to an official sampler the invoice of the article or a copy thereof or of any prescribed part thereof;

he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

9. — (1) Subject to the provisions of this Act as to the consent of the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries, a prosecution for an offence under this Act may be instituted either by the person aggrieved, or by the council of a county or borough, or by any body or association authorised in that behalf by the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries.

(2) A prosecution for an offence of causing or permitting an invoice or description to be false in any material particular shall not be instituted under this Act —

(a) after the expiration of three months from the date when the invoice was received by the purchaser; nor

1906. Fertilisers and Feeding Stuffs Act, 1906. Ch. 27. 83

(b) unless a sample for analysis has been taken, and an analysis by the agricultural analyst has been made, and a certificate of analysis has been given, in accordance with regulations made under this Act:

But the proceedings may be taken as well before the court having jurisdiction in the place where the purchaser of the article, to which the invoice or description relates, resides or carries on business, as before the court having jurisdiction in the place where the invoice or description was given.

(3) Any person aggrieved by a summary conviction under this Act may appeal to a court of quarter sessions.

10. — (1) For the purposes of this Act the expression "cattle Construction shall mean bulls, cows, oxen, heifers, calves, sheep, goats, swine, "n app lca~ and horses; and the expressions "soluble" and "insoluble" shall respectively mean soluble and insoluble in water, or, if so specified in the invoice, in a solution of citric acid or other solvent of the prescribed strength, and the percentage of soluble phosphates and percentage of insoluble phosphates mean respectively the percentage of tribasic phosphate of lime which has been, and that which has not been, rendered soluble.

(2) This Act shall apply to wholesale as well as retail sales.

11. In the application of this Act to Scotland — Application

(1) The expression "council of any county borough " shall Scotland *

mean the town council of a burgh, and the duties and powers of councils of counties and county boroughs shall be performed and be exerciseable in % a county by the county council, and in a burgh by

the town council, and the expenses incurred by a council in the execution of this Act shall be defrayed out of a rate to be levied, fixed, and paid in like manner as the local rate under the Diseases of 57 & 58 Vict. Animals Act, 1894:c. 57.

(2) The expression "burgh" means a burgh which returns

or contributes to return a member to Parliament, not being a burgh to which section fourteen of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889, applies: 52 & 53 Vict.

(3) Penalties for offences under this Act may be recovered c. 50.

summarily before the sheriff in manner provided by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts, and any person aggrieved by a summary conviction may appeal therefrom in accordance with the provisions of those Acts.

12. For the purposes of the execution of this Act in Ireland, Application to inclusive of the appointment of a chief agricultural analyst, the Ireland' Department of Agriculture and Technical Instruction for Ireland

shall be substituted for the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries and in section seventeen of the Agriculture and Technical Instruction (Ireland) Act, 1899, a reference to sections six, seven, 62 & 63 Vict.

84

56 & 67 Vict. c. 56.

Repeal.

[Short title and commencement.]

President of Board of Agriculture to be additional Commissioner of Woods.

Power to effect transfers of the management of foreshore between Commissioners of Woods and Board of Trade.

Ch. 27, 28. Fertilisers and Feeding Stuffs, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

and eight of this Act shall be substituted for the reference to section seven of the Fertilisers and Feeding Stuffs Act, 1893; and for the purpose of instituting prosecutions the said department may take samples of any articles to which this Act applies which have been sold or are kept or exposed for sale.

13. The Fertilisers and Feeding Stuffs Act, 1893, is hereby repealed; provided that nothing in this repeal shall affect any regulation or appointment made under that Act, but every such regulation and appointment shall have effect as if made under this Act; and in Ireland an analyst holding office under the said Act both for a county and a non-county borough comprised in that county shall become the agricultural analyst for that county.

14. This Act may be cited as the Fertilisers and Feeding Stuffs Act, 1906, and shall come into operation on the first day of January nineteen hundred and seven.

CHAPTER 28.

An Act to amend the Crown Lands Acts, 1829 to 1894.

[4th August 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The President of the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries for the time being shall, by virtue of his office, be a Commissioner of Woods under the Crown Lands Act, 1851, in addition to the Commissioners whom His Majesty has power to appoint under that Act, and any reference to those Commissioners in the Crown Lands Acts, 1829 to 1894, and in any other Act, shall be construed accordingly, but nothing in those Acts shall authorise the payment of a salary to the said President in his capacity of Commissioner of Woods, or render the said President incapable of being elected or of sitting or voting as a member of the House of Commons.

2. — (1) If it appears to the Treasury on the representation of the Commissioners of Woods and the Board of Trade that the transfer of any foreshore from the management of the Commissioners to that of the Board, or from the management of the Board to that of the Commissioners, would be convenient for the purposes of administration, the Treasury may by order make such a transfer, with or without payment in respect thereof, as they think fit, subject however and without prejudice to the rights and interests (if any) of any other person therein.

1906.

Crown Lands Act, 1906. Ch. 28.

8o

(2) Any foreshore transferred to the management of the Commissioners of Woods or the Board of Trade under this section shall he subject to the like provisions and dealt with in the same manner —

(a) in the case of foreshore transferred to the management

of the Board of Trade, as if it had been transferred under section seven of the Crown Lands Act, 1866, 29 & 30 Vici. and compensation had been paid therefor to the land c-62* revenue of the Crown; and

(b) in the case of foreshore transferred to the management of the Commissioners of Woods, as if it had been excepted from transfer to the management of the Board of Trade under the last-mentioned section.

3. — (1) If any claim to any foreshore on the part of the Power of Board of Trade, the Commissioners of Woods, or the Chancellor °Jc and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster is disputed by any of settledisputes those departments, the Board of Trade or the Commissioners of as to foreshore. Woods with the consent of the Treasury, and the Chancellor and

Council of the Duchy of Lancaster, may enter into an agreement for settling the dispute.

(2) Any such agreement may provide for the payment to or by the Board of Trade or the Commissioners of Woods by or to the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster of any sum of money in satisfaction of any claim which the department, to whom the money is paid, may have had to the foreshore which is the subject of the agreement.

(3) Any agreement under this section shall be executed on the part of the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster under the hand and seal of the Chancellor, and attested by the clerk of the Council.

4. The power given to the Treasury by section one of the p0Wer of Com-Crown Lands Act, 1866 (being a power to direct the costs of w88}?11618 of certain improvements to be charged to capital and repaid out for certadnPim-of income), shall have effect as if the rebuilding and enlarge- provements ment of the office of the Commissioners of Woods, the erection out of capital, or re-erection of buildings, the construction or reconstruction

of roads and bridges, and the enlargement or improvement of buildings, roads, and bridges, were improvements within the meaning of that section.

5. No assignment of any lease of any part of the possessions Abolition of and land revenues of the Crown under the management of the J?0ent Commissioners of Woods, and no instrument affecting the devo- A^of Crown lution of any such lease, shall, after the passing of this Act, be leases, enrolled in the office of Land Revenue Records and Enrolments,

and any covenant contained in any such lease requiring any such assignment or instrument to be so enrolled is hereby annulled.

6. — (1) The Commissioners of Works may under and in Power of-Com-accordance with the Crown Lands Acts, 1829 to 1894, convey to wSTScon-a bridge authority willing and able to accept such a conveyance vey bridges.

86

Ch. 28.

Crown Lands, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Power to transfer management of Rich* mond and Kew Greens.

Apportionment of quit and Crown rents in Ireland.

3 Edw. 7. c. 37.

Limitation of time for proceedings for recovery by Crown of quit and other rents.

Payment and application of money.

any bridge under the management of the Commissioners and any land required for the purpose of widening or improving any bridge, either unconditionally or subject to such conditions and upon such terms as may be agreed upon between the Commissioners and the authority, anything in those Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

(2) For the purposes of this section the expression "bridge" includes the approaches to and abutments of a bridge, and the expression "bridge authority" means any local authority having the duty of the care and maintenance of bridges.

7. — (1) Notwithstanding anything in the Crown Lands Act, 1851, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Works and the council of the borough of Richmond to enter into an agreement for the transfer from the Commissioners to the council of the control and management as open spaces of Richmond Green and Kew Green, and on the execution of such an agreement the Open Spaces Acts, 1877 to 1890, shall, subject to any conditions and reservations contained in the deed of transfer, apply as if the control and management of those greens had been transferred to the council under those Acts.

(2) The Board of Agriculture and Fisheries and the said council may, in like manner and with like effect, enter into an agreement for the transfer to the council of the control and management of the land, formerly part of Kew Green, which lies between Kew Green and the north-west entrance to the Royal Botanic Gardens, but until such transfer the land shall for all purposes continue to be deemed to be part of those gardens.

8. The powers relating to the apportionment and charging of quit rents and other perpetual rents payable to the Crown in respect of land in Ireland conferred on the Commissioners of Woods by section sixty-one of the Irish Land Act, 1903, may, at the request of the owner of any land liable to any such rent, be exercised by the Commissioners, although no part of the land liable to the rent is the subject of proceedings for sale under the Land Purchase Acts as defined by the Irish Land Act, 1903, and the said section shall apply accordingly.

9. No proceedings shall be taken by or on behalf of the Crown for enforcing the payment of any quit rent or any other perpetual rent payable to the Crown in Ireland, or any arrears thereof, but within sixty years from the time when such rent was last received by or on behalf of the Crown, and after the expiration of that period the right of the Crown to the rent and arrears shall be extinguished.

10. Any money due from or received by the Board of Trade, the Commissioners of Woods, or the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster under this Act shall be paid or applied as if it had been payable or received for the purchase or sale of lands.

1906.

Crown Lands Act, 1906. Ch. 28, 29.

87

11. This Act may be cited as the Crown Lands Act, 1906, Short title and and with the Crown Lands Acts, 1829 to 1894; and for the mterPretation* purposes of this Act the expression "foreshore " has the same meaning as in the Crown Lands Act, 1866.

CHAPTER 29.

An Act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans out of the Local Loans Fund, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans.

[4th August 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) For the purpose of local loans there may be issued by Grants for the National Debt Commissioners the following sums, namely:— public works.

(a) For the purpose of loans by the Public Works Loan

Commissioners any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of three million five hundred thousand pounds;

(b) For the purpose of loans by the Commissioners of Public

Works in Ireland any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of seven hundred thousand pounds.

(2) The sums so issued shall be issued during a period ending on the day on which a further Act granting money for the purposes of those loans comes into operation and in accordance with the provisions of the National Debt and Local 51 Vict‘ Loans Act, 1887.

2. Whereas it is expedient that the principal of the several Certain debts local loans specified in the schedule to this Act should, to the reckoned as extent specified in the last column of that schedule, not be assets of local reckoned as assets of the local loans fund established under loans fund, the National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887; therefore, the principal of the said loans shall to that extent be written off

from the assets of the local loans fund, and the provisions of section fifteen of the said Act shall, so far as applicable, apply thereto.

3. The Public Works Loan Commissioners may further Alteration of extend to the thirty-first day of December one thousand nine hundred and twenty-two the period for the repayment of their fordshire Mines loan to the South Staffordshire Mines Drainage Commissioners Drainage Com-which, under the provisions of the Public Works Loans Act, 53 & 54 1890, is repayable within a period expiring on or before the c. 50. thirty-first day of December one thousand nine hundred and seventeen, and the said Loan Commissioners may suspend for any period not exceeding five years from the thirtieth day of June one thousand nine hundred and six, the payments of

88

Ch. 29.

Public Works Loam, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

principal and interest due and to become due in respect of the loan granted by them to the said Drainage Commissioners for carrying out works in the Tipton district, so however that the total amount of principal and interest payable in respect of that loan shall not be reduced.

Tolls for use of 4. Notwithstanding anything in section six of the Shannon

8hannonthe Act, 1885, the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland may, at any time after giving due notice by advertisement in a newspaper circulating in the district and hearing any objections which may be made by local authorities or traders interested, make an order sanctioning the levying of such tolls in respect of the several matters mentioned in the Second Schedule to that Act as the Treasury may approve.

[Short title.]

5. This Act may be cited as the Public Works Loans Act,

1906.

SCHEDULE.

Part I.

Loan by the Public Works Loan Commissioners. Loan under the General Powers of the Commissioners.

Name of Borrower. Amount of Loan. Amount to be written off.

Dingwall Harbour Commissioners £ s. d. 1, 800 0 0 £ s. d. 1, 269 2 7

Part II.

Loans by the Commissioners of Public Works, Ireland.

(1) Loans under the Landed Property Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1847 (10 Vict. c. 32).

Name of Borrower. Amount of Loan. Amount to be written off.

Andrew Murphy -Charles H. Robinson - j £ *. d. 200 0 0 350 0 0 250 0 0 £ s. d. 72 2 1 31 0 0 24 13 3

(2) Loans under the Landlord and Tenant (Ireland) Act, 1870 (33 & 34 Vict 34 Vict. c. 46).

Name of Borrower. Amount of Loan. Amount to be written off.

Morgan Finucane - - Denis Mulcahy ---- £ 8. d. 3, 945 0 0 890 0 0 £ 8. d. 1, 611 7 2 361 14 7

1906.

Public Works Loans Act, 1906. Ch. 29

89

(3) Loans under the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881 (44 & 45 Vict. c. 49. s. 31).

Name of Borrower. Amount of Loan. Amount to be written off.

£ *. d. £ *. d.

Timothy O’Driscoll - 100 0 0 88 14 11

Charles Murphy - - 55 0 0 34 11 2

John McDonald - ... 50 0 0 25 4 1

Michael Flynn - - 207 0 0 113 19 4

John Frawley 115 0 0 102 16 0

(4) Loans under the Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act, 1863 (26 & 27 Vict. c. 88).

Name of Proprietor. Amount of Principal Charge. Amount to be written off.

Timothy Lane ... Mrs. F. C.D. Cooke - £ 8. d. 324 4 3 467 0 4 £ s. d. 236 9 1 453 14 4

(5) Loan under the Drainage Maintenance Act, 1866 (29 & 30 Vict. c. 49).

Name of Proprietor. Amount of Principal Charge. Amount to be written off.

£ *• d. £ s. d.

Representatives of Rev. Berry J. Gordon - 10 4 2 6 0

Part III.

Loans by the Fishery Board for Scotland.

Loans under the Crofters’ Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1886 (49 & 50 Vict. c. 29).

Names of Borrowers. Fishery District. Amount of Loan. Amount to be written off.

William Forbes ", 1 £ £ 8. d.

John Forbes, and Angus Forbes - J Angus McLeod, 1 Murdo McDonald, | I 1 Lybster 257 22 4 7

Norman Beatou, 1 Angus McRae, i Neil McLeod, and Murdo Mclver - J James Williamson,] f i I Stornoway - 286 6 16 11

David Davidson, and Alexander Cormack - J John Sutherland, j | Wick - 270 77 15 4

Andrew Sutherland, (James Sutherland, and (Alexander Sutherland - - J f Helmsdale - 312 65 15 3

---

90 Ch. 30, 31. Colonial Marriages (Deceased Wife’s Sister) Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

CHAPTER 30.

An Act to declare the law with respect to a marriage between a man and his deceased wife’s sister domiciled in parts of the British Possessions where such a marriage is legal.

[4th August 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Legalisation of colonial marriages with deceased wife's sister.]

1. For removing doubts, it is hereby declared that where a man has, whether before or after the passing of this Act, married his deceased wife’s sister, and at the date of the marriage each of the parties was domiciled in a part of the British Possessions in which at that date such a marriage was legal, the marriage if legal in other respects shall be, and shall be deemed always to have been, legal for all purposes, including the right of succession to real property and to honours and dignities, within the United Kingdom, unless either party to the marriage has subsequently, during the life of the other, but before the passing of this Act, lawfully married another:

Provided that nothing in this Act shall affect any right, interest, or estate to or in any property, dignity, or honour the title to which, whether vested or contingent, and whether in possession, reversion, or remainder, accrued before the passing of this Act, and no claim by the Crown for duties leviable on or with reference to death, and before the passing of this Act due and payable, and no payment, commutation, composition, discharge or settlement of account in respect of any duties leviable on or with reference to death before the passing of this Act duly made or given, shall be prejudicially affected hereby.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Colonial Marriages (Deceased Wife’s Sister) Act, 1906.

CHAPTER 31.

An Act to amend the Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1898, with respect to Bridges.

[4th August 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1906. Local Government (Ireland) Act (1898) Amendment, 1906. Ch. 31, 32. 91

[Amendment of law regarding counties of cities and counties of towns.]

1. An urban county district which, before the passing of the Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1898, was a county of a city or a county of a town shall, after the passing of this Act, be deemed to be a county of a city or a county of a town, as the case may be, for the purposes of the Bridges (Ireland) Acts, 1813 to 1875.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Local Government (Ireland) Act (1898) Amendment Act, 1906, and shall be read together with

[61 & 62 Vict. c. 37.]

the Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1898, and the Acts amending or extending the same.

CHAPTER 32.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Enactments relating to injury to live stock by Dogs, and otherwise to amend the Law relating to Dogs.

[4th August 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Liability of owner of dog for injury to cattle.]

1. — (1) The owner of a dog shall be liable in damages for injury done to any cattle by that dog; and it shall not be necessary for the person seeking such damages to show a previous mischievous propensity in the dog, or the owner’s knowledge of such previous propensity, or to show that the injury was attributable to neglect on the part of the owner.

(2) Where any such injury has been done by a dog, the occupier of any house or premises where the dog was kept or permitted to live or remain at the time of the injury shall be presumed to be the owner of the dog, and shall be liable for the injury unless he proves that he was not the owner of the dog at that time:

Provided that where there are more occupiers than one in any house or premises let in separate apartments, or lodgings, or otherwise, the occupier of that particular part of the house or premises in which the dog has been kept or permitted to live or remain at the time of the injury shall be presumed to be the owner of the dog.

(3) If the damages claimed under this section do not exceed five pounds they may be recovered under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts as a civil debt.

(4) Where a dog is proved to have injured cattle or chased sheep, it may be dealt with under section two of

[34 & 35 Vict. c. 56.]

the Dogs Act, 1871, as a dangerous dog.

[Power of Board of Agriculture to]

2. — (1) The Diseases of Animals Act, 1894, shall have effect as if, amongst the purposes for which the Board of Agriculture

92 Ch. 32. Dogs Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

[make orders about dogs. 57 & 58 Vict. c. 57.]

and Fisheries may make orders under section twenty-two of that Act, there were included the following purposes:—

(a) for prescribing and regulating the wearing by dogs, while in a highway or in a place of public resort, of a collar with the name and address of the owner inscribed on the collar or on a plate or badge attached thereto:

(b) with a view to the prevention of worrying of cattle, for preventing dogs or any class of dogs from straying during all or any of the hours between sunset and sunrise.

(2) Orders under this section may provide that any dog in respect of which an offence is being committed against the orders, may be seized and treated as a stray dog.

[Seizure of stray dogs.]

3. — (1) Where a police officer has reason to believe that any dog found in a highway or place of public resort is a stray dog, he may seize the dog and may detain it until the owner has claimed it and paid all expenses incurred by reason of its detention.

(2) Where any dog so seized wears a collar having inscribed thereon or attached thereto the address of any person, or the owner of the dog is known, the chief officer of police, or any person authorised by him in that behalf, shall serve on the person whose address is given on the collar, or on the owner, a notice in writing stating that the dog has been so seized, and will be liable to be sold or destroyed if not claimed within seven clear days after the service of the notice.

(3) A notice under this section may be served either —

(a) by delivering it to the person on whom it is to be served; or

(b) by leaving it at that person’s usual or last known place of abode, or at the address given on the collar; or

(c) by forwarding it by post in a prepaid letter addressed to that person at his usual or last known place of abode, or at the address given on the collar.

(4) Where any dog so seized has been detained for seven clear days after the seizure, or, in the case of such a notice as aforesaid having been served with respect to the dog, then for seven clear days after the service of the notice, and the owner has not claimed the dog and paid all expenses incurred by reason of its detention, the chief officer of police, or any person authorised by him in that behalf, may cause the dog to be sold or destroyed in a manner to cause as little pain as possible.

(5) No dog so seized shall be given or sold for the purposes of vivisection.

(6) The chief officer of police of a police area shall keep, cr cause to be kept, one or more registers of all dogs seized under this section in that area which are not transferred to an establishment for the reception of stray dogs. The register shall contain a brief description of the dog, the date of seizure, and particulars as to the manner in which the dog is disposed of,

1906. Dogs Act, 1906. Ch. 32. 93

and every such, register shall he open to inspection at all reasonable times by any member of the public on payment of a fee of one shilling.

(7) The police shall not dispose of any dog seized under this section by transferring it to an establishment for the reception of stray dogs unless a register is kept for that establishment containing such particulars as to dogs received in the establishment as are above mentioned, and such register is open to inspection by the public on payment of a fee not exceeding one shilling.

(8) The police officer or other person having charge of any dog detained under this section shall cause the dog to be properly fed and maintained.

(9) All expenses incurred by the police under this section shall be defrayed out of the police fund, and any money received by the police under this section shall be paid to the account of the police fund.

(10) In this section the expressions "police area," "chief officer of police," and "police fund" with respect to the City of London mean respectively the said City, the Commissioner of City Police, and the fund or rate applicable to the maintenance of police in the said City, and with respect to any other place have the meanings respectively assigned to them by

[53 & 54 Vict. c. 45.]

the Police Act, 1890.

[Notice to police of finding of stray-dogs.]

4. Any person who takes possession of a stray dog shall forthwith either return the dog to its owner or give notice in writing to the chief officer of police of the district where the dog was found containing a description of the dog and stating the place where the dog was found and the place where the dog is being detained, and any person failing to comply with the provisions of this section shall be liable, on conviction under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts, to a fine not exceeding forty shillings.

[Exemption of sheep dogs, &c. from excise licence. 41 & 42 Vict. c. 15.]

5. — (1) The grant of a certificate under section twenty-two of the Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1878, of exemption from duty in respect of a dog shall require the previous consent in England of a petty sessional court, and in Scotland of the sheriff or sheriff-substitute having jurisdiction in the place where the dog is kept, but such consent shall not be withheld if the Court is of opinion that the conditions for exemption mentioned in the said section apply in the case of the applicant, and the procedure for obtaining that consent shall be regulated in England by rules made by the Lord Chancellor, and in Scotland by acts of sederunt.

(2) The rules and acts of sederunt shall provide for dispensing with the appearance of the applicant for a consent under this section except in cases where the application is opposed and the court sheriff or sheriff-substitute considers the appearance of the applicant to be necessary for the proper consideration of the application. No fee shall be payable in respect of any application or consent under this section.

94 Ch. 32. Dogs Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

[Burying of carcases.]

---

[Definition of cattle.]

[Application of Act to Scotland.]

53 & 54 Vict. c. 67.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 45.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 67.

Application of Act to Ireland.

28 & 29 Vict,

c. 50.

Repeal.

[Short title and commencement.]

6. Any person who shall knowingly and without reasonable excuse permit the carcase of any head of cattle belonging to him to remain unburied in a field or other place to which dogs can gain access shall be liable on conviction under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts to a fine not exceeding forty shillings.

7. In this Act the expression "cattle" includes horses, mules, asses, sheep, goats, and swine.

8. This Act shall apply to Scotland with the following modifications: —

(a) The Police (Scotland) Act, 1890, shall be substituted for the Police Act, 1890:

(b) The expression "police officer" shall mean a constable within the meaning of the Police (Scotland) Act, 1890:

(c) The provisions of subsection three of section one of this Act relating to summary proceedings for civil debts, shall not apply to Scotland:

(d) Until the first day of January nineteen hundred and twelve section five shall not apply to any application for the renewal of a certificate of exemption in force at the date of the passing of this Act.

9. This Act shall apply to Ireland with the following modifications:—

(a) The Department of Agriculture and Technical Instruction for Ireland shall be substituted for the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries:

(b) The expressions "chief officer of police" and "police area" shall mean, in the police district of Dublin metropolis, either of the commissioners of police for the said district, and the said district, and elsewhere the district inspector of the Royal Irish Constabulary, and the district over which he is appointed:

(c) The expenses incurred by the police under section three of this Act shall on demand be paid to the chief officer of police out of the money in the hands of the registrar arising from the sale of licences under the Dogs Regulation (Ireland) Act, 1865, and any money received by the police under the said section shall be paid by the chief officer of police to the registrar, and be applicable as money arising from the sale of licences,

10. The enactments mentioned in the schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that schedule.

11. This Act may be cited as the Dogs Act, 1906, and shall come into operation on the first day of January nineteen hundred and seven.

1906. Dogs Act, 1906. Ch. 32, 33. 95

SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Extent of Repeal.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 59. The Dogs (Ireland) Act, 1862. The whole Act.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 100. The Dogs (Scotland) Act, 1863. The whole Act.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 60. The Dogs Act, 1865 The whole Act.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 134. The Metropolitan Streets Act, 1867. Section eighteen to " by reason of such detention."

34 & 35 Vict. c. 56. The Dogs Act, 1871 - Section one, and section five from " The expression police district " to the end of the section.

55 & 56 Vict. c. 55. The Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Section three hundred and ninety.

CHAPTER 33.

An Act to transfer to the Local Government Board the Powers of the Treasury under enactments relating to Local Authorities.

[4th August 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) The Local Government Board shall exercise as regards every local authority in England, except the London County Council, any power conferred on the Treasury by any enactment contained in, applied by, or incorporated with the Baths and Washhouses Acts, 1846 to 1899, or the Burial Acts, 1852, to 1900, or any local or private Act, as respects dealings with property, loans, and matters connected therewith; and all such enactments, and all enactments referring to the powers so conferred, shall be construed accordingly.

(2) Any such power, if exercised before the passing of this Act, whether by the Treasury or by the Local Government Board, shall be deemed to have been duly exercised.

(3) If any question arises as to whether this Act applies to any power conferred by, or referred to in, any enactment, the decision of the Treasury shall be conclusive for all purposes.

Section 10.

Transfer from Treasury to Local Government Board of powers relating to property and loans of local authorities.

96

51 & 52 Vict. c. 41.

[Short title.]

Punishment of corrupt transactions with agents.

Ch. 33, 34. Local Authorities (Powers) 6 Edw. 7.

Act, 1906.

(4) Subsections (1) and (5) of section eighty-seven of the Local Government Act, 1888 (which r:ates to local inquiries), shall apply for the purpose of the carrying out by the Local Government Board of any of the powers transferred to them under this Act.

2. This Act may be cited as the Local Authorities (Treasury Powers) Act, 1906.

CHAPTER 34.

An Act for the better Prevention of Corruption.

[4th August 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) If any agent corruptly accepts or obtains, or agrees to accept or attempts to obtain, from any person, for himself or for any other person, any gift or consideration as an inducement or reward for doing or forbearing to do, or for having after the passing of this Act done or forborne to do, any act in relation to his principal’s affairs or business, or for showing or forbearing to show favour or disfavour to any person in relation to his principal’s affairs or business; or

If any person corruptly gives or agrees to give or offers any gift or consideration to any agent aS an inducement or reward for doing or forbearing to do, or for having after the passing of this Act done or forborne to do, any act in relation to his principal’s affairs or business, or for showing or forbearing to show favour or disfavour to any person in relation to his principal’s affairs or business; or

If any person knowingly gives to any agent, or if any agent knowingly uses with intent to deceive his principal, any receipt, account, or other document in respect of which the principal is interested, and which contains any statement which is false or erroneous or defective in any material particular, and which to his knowledge is intended to mislead the principal;

he shall be guilty of a misdemeanour, and shall be liable on conviction on indictment to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for a term not exceeding two years, or to a fine not exceeding five hundred pounds, or to both such imprisonment and such fine, or on summary conviction to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for a term not exceeding four months, or to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, or to both such imprisonment and such fine.

1906.

Prevention of Corruption Act, 1906. Ch. 34, 35.

97

(2) For the purposes of this Act the expression "consideration" includes valuable consideration of any kind; the expression "agent " includes any person employed by or acting for another; and the expression "principal " includes an employer.

(3) A person serving under the Crown or under any corporation or any municipal, borough, county, or district council, or any board of guardians, is an agent within the meaning of this Act.

2. — (1) A prosecution for an offence under this Act shall not Prosecution of be instituted without the consent, in England of the Attorney- offences-General or Solicitor-General, and in Ireland of the Attorney-General or Solicitor-General for Ireland.

(2) The Vexatious Indictments Act, 1859, as amended by 22 & 23 Vict. any subsequent enactment, shall apply to offences under this c. 17.

Act as if they were included among the offences mentioned in section one of that Act.

(3) Every information for any offence under this Act shall be upon oath.

(4) The expenses of any prosecution on indictment under this Act shall be defrayed as in cases of indictment for felony.

(5) A court of quarter sessions shall not have jurisdiction to inquire of, hear, and determine prosecutions on indictments for offences under this Act.

(6) Any person aggrieved by a summary conviction under this Act may appeal to a court of quarter sessions.

3. This Act shall extend to Scotland, subject to the following Application t< modifications Scotland.

(1) Section two shall not extend to Scotland:

(2) In Scotland all offences which are punishable under this

Act on summary conviction shall be prosecuted before the sheriff in manner provided by the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Acts.

4. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Prevention of Corruption Short title and

Act, 1906. — Ce '

(2) This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January nineteen hundred and seven.

CHAPTER 35.

An Act to amend the Fatal Accidents Inquiry (Scotland) Act, 1895, and to make further provision for Inquiry into Sudden and Suspicious Deaths in Scotland.

[4th August 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

G

6 Edw. 7.

98

[Short title.]

Verdicts to be returned.

Public inquiries.

Repeal of 58 & 59 Vict. c. 36. s. 4, s.s. 10.

Get. 35, 36. Fatal Accidents and Sudden Deaths

Inquiry (Scotland) Act, 1906.

1. This Act may be cited as the Fatal Accidents and Sudden Deaths Inquiry (Scotland) Act, 1906.

2. Subsection (7) of section four of the Fatal Accidents Inquiry (Scotland) Act, 1895, is hereby repealed, and, in lieu thereof, be it enacted that the jury, after hearing the evidence and the persons, if they so desire, appearing thereon, including any person duly authorised by any trades union or friendly society of which the deceased was a member, and the summing up by the sheriff, if he shall consider such summing up necessary or proper, shall return a verdict setting forth, so far as such particulars have been proved, when and where the accident and the death or deaths to which the inquiry relates took place, the cause or causes of such accident or death or deaths, the person or persons, if any, to whose fault or negligence the accident is attributable, the precautions, if any, by which it might have been avoided, any defects in the system or mode of working which contributed to the accident, and any other facts disclosed by the evidence which, in the opinion of the jury, are relevant to the inquiry.

3. In any case of sudden or suspicious death in Scotland, the Lord Advocate may, whenever it appears to him to be expedient in the public interest, direct that a public inquiry into such death and the circumstances thereof shall be held; and the public inquiry so directed to be held shall take place according to the forms and procedure prescribed by the Fatal Accidents Inquiry (Scotland) Act, 1895, as altered by this Act.

4. Subsection ten of section four of the Fatal Accidents Inquiry (Scotland) Act, 1895, is hereby repealed, and in lieu thereof be it enacted as follows, namely:—

The jury shall be cited by the sheriff clerk from the sheriff court jury book in the manner provided by statute for the citation of jurors in civil cases in Scotland, and the existing statutory provisions relative to fines for non-attendance of jurors and to the swearing of jurors shall apply to inquiries under this Act; but no person shall be summoned to attend to serve as a juror in any inquiry held under this Act who resides beyond such distances from the court-house or other building at which the inquiry is held as may from time to time be fixed by the several sheriffs of the several counties, with the approbation of the Secretary for Scotland.

---

CHAPTER 36.

An Act to amend the law relating to Musical Copyright.

[4th August 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1906. Musical Copyright Act, 1906. Ch. 36. 99

[Penalty for being in possession of pirated music.]

1. — (1) Every person who prints, reproduces, or sells, or exposes, offers, or has in his possession for sale, any pirated copies of any musical work, or has in his possession any plates for the purpose of printing or reproducing pirated copies of any musical work, shall (unless he proves that he acted innocently) be guilty of an offence punishable on summary conviction, and shall be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds, and on a second or subsequent conviction to imprisonment with or without hard labour for a term not exceeding two months or to a fine not exceeding ten pounds: Provided that a person convicted of an offence under this Act who has not previously been convicted of such an offence, and who proves that the copies of the musical work in respect of which the offence was committed had printed on the title page thereof a name and address purporting to be that of the printer or publisher, shall not be liable to any penalty under this Act unless it is proved that the copies were to his knowledge pirated copies.

(2) Any constable may take into custody without warrant any person who in any street or public place sells or exposes, offers, or has in his possession for sale any pirated copies of any such musical work as may be specified in any general written authority addressed to the chief officer of police, and signed by the apparent owner of the copyright in such work or his agent thereto authorised in writing, requesting the arrest, at the risk of such owner, of all persons found committing offences under this section in respect to such work, or who offers for sale any pirated copies of any such specified musical work by personal canvass or by personally delivering advertisements or circulars.

(3) A copy of every written authority addressed to a chief officer of police under this section shall be open to inspection at all reasonable hours by any person without payment of any fee, and any person may take copies of or make extracts from any such authority.

(4) Any person aggrieved by a summary conviction under this section may in England or Ireland appeal to a court of quarter sessions, and in Scotland under and in terms of

[38 & 39 Vict. c. 62.]

the Summary Prosecutions Appeals (Scotland) Act, 1875.

[Right of entry by police for execution of Act.]

2. — (1) If a court of summary jurisdiction is satisfied by information on oath that there is reasonable ground for suspecting that an offence against this Act is being committed on any premises, the court may grant a search warrant authorising the constable named therein to enter the premises between the hours of six of the clock in the morning and nine of the clock in the evening, and, if necessary, to use force for making such entry, whether by breaking open doors or otherwise, and to seize any copies of any musical work or any plates in respect of which he has reasonable ground for suspecting *ihat an offence against this Act is being committed.

(2) All copies of any musical work and plates seized under this section shall be brought before a court of summary jurisdiction, and if proved to be pirated copies or plates intended

100 Ch. 36. Musical Copyright Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

to be used for the printing or reproduction of pirated copies shall be forfeited and destroyed or otherwise dealt with as the court think fit.

[Definitions.]

3. In this Act —

The expression "pirated copies" means any copies of any musical work written, printed, or otherwise reproduced without the consent lawfully given by the owner of the copyright in such musical work:

The expression "musical work" means a musical work in which there is a subsisting copyright, and which has been registered in accordance with the provisions of

[5 & 6 Vict. c. 45. 7 & 8 Vict. c. 12. 49 & 50 Vict. c. 33.]

the Copyright Act, 1842, or of the International Copyright Act, 1844, which registration may be effected notwithstanding anything in the International Copyright Act, 1886:

The expression "plates" includes any stereotype or other plates, stones, matrices, transfers, or negatives used or intended to be used for printing or reproducing copies of any musical work: Provided that the expressions "pirated copies" and "plates" shall not, for the purposes of this Act, be deemed to include perforated music rolls used for playing mechanical instruments, or records used for the reproduction of sound waves, or the matrices or other appliances by which such rolls or records respectively are made:

The expression "chief officer of police" —

(a) with respect to the City of London, means the Commissioner of City Police;

[53 & 54 Vict: c. 45.]

(b) elsewhere in England has the same meaning as in the Police Act, 1890;

[53 & 54 Vict. c. 67.]

(c) in Scotland has the same meaning as in the Police (Scotland) Act, 1890;

(d) in the police district of Dublin metropolis means either of the Commissioners of Police for the said district;

(e) elsewhere in Ireland means the District Inspector of the Royal Irish Constabulary:

The expression "court of summary jurisdiction" in Scotland means the sheriff or any magistrate of any royal, parliamentary, or police burgh officiating under the provisions of any local or general police Act.

[Short title.]

4. This Act may be cited as the Musical Copyright Act, 1906.

1906. Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1906. Ch. 37. 101

CHAPTER 37.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Labourers in Ireland and to make provision with respect to the application of portion of the Ireland Development Grant.

[4th August 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

---

1. — (1) A representation under the Labourers Acts shall be sufficient for all the purposes of those Acts if it represents that the circumstances of the section of the rural district to which it relates are such that it is the duty of the district council to take proceedings under the Labourers Acts therein.

(2) In section ninety-seven of the Irish Land Act, 1903, which provides for the number of persons by whom a representation may be signed, " three " shall be substituted for " six."

2. — (1) Where a district council desire to enlarge any cottage which they may have erected or acquired under the Labourers Acts, it shall not be necessary for the council to make an improvement scheme for the purpose, and they may borrow money to defray the cost of such enlargement, subject to such regulations as may be prescribed.

(2) The foregoing provisions of this section shall, with the consent of the Local Government Board, apply where it is proposed to enlarge a plot or garden attached to a cottage erected or acquired as aforesaid and where land for the purposes of such enlargement will be acquired by agreement.

3. A district council may, if they think fit, after giving such notices, as are required by section four of the Act of 1883, as amended by section one of the Act of 1896, make an improvement scheme under the Labourers Acts for the whole or any section of their district notwithstanding that a representation has not been made to them in relation thereto.

4. In section twenty-one of the Act of 1885, which limits the time within which answers may be given to notices, twenty-one days shall be substituted for one month.

5. Where in an improvement scheme it is not proposed that any land shall be taken compulsorily, or that any house accommodation shall be provided, the scheme shall become absolute and take effect without confirmation subject to the sanction of the Local Government Board to any loan or expenditure required for the purposes of the scheme.

Amendment of law as to representation.

3 Edw. 7. c. 37.

Enlargement of cottages already provided.

Improvement scheme without representation.

Limit of time for giving answers.

Improvement scheme where land not taken compulsorily.

102

Ch, 37.

Labourers (Ireland), 1906.

C Edw. 7;

Improvement scheme where land taken compulsorily.

6. Where in an improvement scheme it is proposed that any house accommodation shall be provided or any land shall be taken compulsorily —

(1) The inspector appointed by the Local Government Board

to hold the inquiry as to the propriety of confirming the scheme may, if he thinks proper, after the completion of the inquiry and considering all objections made by any persons interested (including any agricultural labourers by whom or on whose behalf representations have been made), make an order confirming the scheme, and the inspector shall, subject to the approval of the Local Government Board, have for that purpose all or any of the powers conferred on the Local Government Board by the Labourers Acts in relation to the making of provisional orders confirming improvement schemes:

(2) A copy of any order made under this section shall be

served in the prescribed manner, together with a statement that the order will be confirmed and have the effect of an Act of Parliament, unless within the prescribed period which shall be not less than one month a petition by some person interested is presented to the Local Government Board or the county court having jurisdiction where the land comprised in the scheme is situate praying that the order, or any specified part thereof, shall not become law without further inquiry:

(3) A copy of every petition to the county court under this

section shall be forwarded by an ollicer of the county court to the Local Government Board, and if the petition is withdrawn a notice to that effect shall be so forwarded:

(4) If the Local Government Board are satisfied that the pre-

scribed regulations have been in all respects complied with, then after the prescribed period —

(a) If no petition has been presented, or if every such petition has been withdrawn, the Board shall without further inquiry confirm the order;

(b) If a petition has been presented to the Local Government Board and has not been withdrawn, then, unless the district council notify the Local Government Board of their intention to withdraw the improvement scheme, or the part thereof, as the case may be, to which the petition relates, the Board shall after consideration of a full report of the evidence taken at the original inquiry, and, after such further local inquiry (if any) as they may deem necessary, either confirm with oi* without amendment or disallow the order;

1906.

Labourers (Ireland) Aet, 1906. Ch. 37.

103

(c) If a petition has been presented to the county court and has not been withdrawn, then at the first sitting of that court held after the expiration of one week from the date of the presentation of the petition or at any adjournment thereof the court shall hear the petition and determine all questions arising thereon, and may either confirm with or without amendment or disallow the order and may award costs to be paid by or to the petitioner or any party opposing the petition;

(d) Upon any such confirmation by the - Local Government Board or the county court the order, and if amended as so amended, shall become final, and have the effect of an Act of Parliament, and the confirmation by the Local Government Board or the county court shall be conclusive evidence that the requirements of this Act have been complied with, and that the order has been duly made, and is within the powers of the Labourers Acts:

(5) Rules of the county court for the purposes of this

section shall be made after consultation with or notice of consultation sent to the President of the Incorporated Law Society of Ireland, and shall regulate the practice and procedure with respect to the presentation, withdrawal, and hearing-of petitions to. the county court and for the costs incidental thereto:

(6) No part of an improvement scheme under the Labourers

Acts shall be disallowed merely on the ground that agricultural labourers are not required for the cultivation or management of the holding or estate portion of which it is proposed to acquire for the purpose of such scheme or part of such scheme.

7. — (1) Where the Irish Land Commission, after making inquiry pursuant to section ninety-six of the Irish Land Act, 1903, are of opinion that accommodation for labourers on an estate is needed, they may, instead of framing a scheme, transmit to the council of the rural district in which the estate is situate a report of their opinion, and that council if they think fit may, in communication with, and subject to the approval of, the Local Government Board and the Irish Land Commission, frame a scheme which shall provide for such accommodation and fix the amount of the purchase money of the land comprised in the scheme, and the Local Government Board shall thereupon make an order confirming the scheme.

(2) Upon such confirmation the order shall become final and have the effect of an Act of Parliament, and shall not be subject to petition, and the confirmation by the Local Government Board shall be conclusive evidence that the requirements of this Act have been complied with, and that the order has been duly made, and is within the powers of this Act.

Amendment of 3 Edw.7. c. 37. s. 96, with respect to schemes.

6 Edw. 7.

i04 Ch. 37. Labourers () Act, 1906.

(3) Upon such confirmation the Irish Land Commission shall make an order vesting, subject to such exceptions and reservations as are specified in the order, the fee simple of the land comprised in the scheme in the council of the rural district in which that land is situate, and that council shall thereupon carry the scheme into execution.

luous^nd* ^7^ere ^e Local Government Board are satisfied that

t uous n . owing to exceptional circumstances arising in a rural district-any land acquired for the purposes of the Labourers Acts cannot with advantage be used for those purposes, they may by order authorise the district council to let the land, and any buildings thereon, to be used for any purpose specified in the order and appearing to the Board to be beneficial to the inhabitants of the district.

Provision in . 9. — (1) Where it appears to the Local Government Board

tary dwellings, that a district council have neglected to make an adequate improvement scheme for the purpose of providing cottages or allotments, or cottages with allotments, for agricultural labourers in their district, or, having made such scheme, have failed to carry it out with reasonable expedition, the Board may require the district council to make an improvement scheme for that purpose, or to carry out such scheme with reasonable expedition, as the case may be.

(2) If the district council do not within the prescribed period make an improvement scheme which appears to the Local Government Board to be adequate, or fail to carry out such scheme (if made) with reasonable expedition, as the case may be, the Board may appoint an officer who for the purposes of such scheme shall have all the powers and may perform all the duties of the district council under the Labourers Acts.

(3) The remuneration and expenses of any such officer shall be fixed by the Local Government Board, and shall be paid by the district council as part of the costs incidental to carrying the scheme into execution.

madeb&Stofce 10* — (1) The county council shall, on the request of the

county council council of any rural district comprised in the county, or any to district officer appointed by the Local Government Board to perform the

officers.8 and duties of the district council, advance to the latter council or

such officer, as the case may be, such sums as that council or officer may require for the purpose of enabling them or him to carry the Labourers Acts into effect, and any sums so advanced shall be repaid as soon as may be to the county council out of any loan obtained by the district council for the purposes of those Acts, or, in default of any such loan being obtained, shall be raised and levied as general expenses off the rural district.

(2) Any money required by a county council for the purposes of this section may be advanced out of the county fund, and if and so far as that fund is insufficient the county council may, with the approval of the Local Government Board, and subject

Ch. 37.

105

1906.. Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1906.

to the prescribed terms and conditions, borrow temporarily the money required.

11. For the purpose of taking land otherwise than by agree- Amendment of ment under the Labourers Acts, the Lands Clauses Acts, as law with reamended by the Second Schedule to the Housing of the Working ment of pur-Classes Act, 1890, shall be further amended as follows: — chase money,

(1) Where the purchase money or compensation payable to a °

person claiming any interest in land does not exceed 53 & 54 Vict, the sum of sixty pounds and the claimant gives prima c’ 70* facie evidence that he is a person having power to sell under the Land Purchase Acts, and satisfies the district council that, for not less than six years immediately preceding, he, or his immediate predecessor in title, has been personally, or by an agent, in receipt of the rents or profits of the land, or in actual occupation thereof, the claimant may be dealt with by the district council as the absolute owner of the interest in respect of which he claims, and the purchase money or compensation may be paid to him:

(2) Where any interest in land, in respect of which purchase

money or compensation not exceeding the sum of sixty pounds is payable, is subject to any mortgage or charge, the amount of the compensation may be paid to the person entitled to the mortgage or charge, or, if there is more than one such mortgage or charge, then to the person entitled to the mortgage or charge which is first in priority, and the amount so paid shall be received in reduction of the principal sum for the time being owing in respect of the mortgage or charge, notwithstanding any direction, proviso, or covenant to the contrary contained in any instrument:

(3) A memorandum of the amount paid under the last pre-

ceding subsection shall, when practicable, be endorsed on the instrument creating the mortgage or charge and shall be signed by the person receiving the compensation, and a copy of the memorandum shall be furnished by the council at their expense to all persons appearing to the council to be entitled to any interest in the land subject to the mortgage or charge:

(4) Where a district council have, pursuant to any foregoing

provision of this section, paid purchase money or compensation, not exceeding the sum of sixty pounds, to any person, he shall give the council a receipt for the same in the prescribed form, which shall be prepared by and at the cost of the district council. In the case of land the ownership of which is not registered, the receipt shall, when given by a person who may be dealt with as absolute owner or by a person entitled to a mortgage or charge upon the interest of any such person, be effectual to vest absolutely in the district

106

Ch. 37.

Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 18.

council the fee simple of the land in respect of which the purchase money or compensation was paid. No approval fee or other charge shall be payable by the district council in respect of any receipt given in pursuance of this subsection:

(5) A copy of the receipt shall, on the request of any person

entitled to any estate or interest in the land in respect of which the purchase money or compensation was paid, be furnished by the council at their expense to that person:

(6) Any person claiming to be entitled to any money paid to

another person pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this section may within six years after the payment has been made, on giving such notice as may be required by rules of court, apply for relief in manner provided by those rules to the county court within the jurisdiction of which the land is situate:

(7) The court may either dismiss the application or may make a decree against the district council for the amount found due in respect of the claim, and in that case the said amount shall be a debt due to the district council by the person to whom the money was paid by them:

(8) If it appears to the district council that the person making any claim for compensation in respect of land, or in respect of any estate or interest therein, is not absolutely entitled to the land, estate, or interest in respect of which his claim is made, or, if the title to such land estate or interest is not satisfactorily deduced to the district council, then if the total amount of such compensation does -not amount to one hundred pounds and exceeds ten pounds the district council may pay the compensation into the county court, and that court shall thereupon have with respect thereto all the jurisdiction exerciseable by the High Court under the Lands Clauses Acts:

(9) Section seventy-two of the Lands Clauses Consolidation

Act, 1845, shall have effect as if " sixty pounds " were substituted therein for " twenty pounds ":

(10) In determining the amount of compensation payable

to any person an arbitrator shall not make any additional allowance in respect of the purchase being compulsory:

(11) An arbitrator may, within one month after the making

by him of an award, correct any mistake therein, or supply any accidental omission therefrom:

(12) Rules of the county court shall regulate the practice and

procedure in that court under this section, and in particular shall provide that the costs payable by the rural district council incident to the payment out of

1906.

Labourers (Ireland) Aet, 1906. Ch. 37.

107

court of any money shall not exceed ten pounds: Provided that, where the court is -satisfied in any particular case that, owing to the difficulty of showing title, the costs properly and necessarily incurred in respect of such payment amounted to a larger sum, the limit of ten pounds may be exceeded.

12. Where, upon consideration of an application signed by a majority of all the members of the council of a rural district, the Local Government Board are satisfied that additional labourers’ cottages are required in that district, and that such cottages cannot be provided unless the rating limit provided by section seventeen of the Act of 1883 is exceeded, the Board may, by order, authorise that limit to be exceeded to an extent not exceeding threepence in the pound.

13. — (1) The following moneys shall be placed at the disposal of the Local Government Board for the purposes of the Labourers Acts: —

(a) The principal sum of one hundred and fifty thousand pounds standing to the credit of the ‘ Petty Sessions Clerks Fund;

(b) After the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and seven the principal sum of seventy thousand pounds, forming portion of the Ireland Development Grant;

(c) An annual sum to be paid out of money provided by

Parliament equal to the reduction of charge upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom effected by the provisions of any Act of this session providing for the abolition of any judgeships of the High Court and the reduction of the salary of the Lord Chancellor; and

(d) The annual sum of six thousand pounds, forming portion

of the residue of the Exchequer contribution under the Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1891.

(2) The above-mentioned principal sums shall be paid to the Local Government Board in such instalments and at such times as may be required for the purposes of this Act, and shall be invested by the Board in any securities in which trustees are by law for the time being authorised to invest trust moneys, and the annual income of those investments, together with the aforesaid annual sums (which annual income and sums are in this Act referred to as " the Labourers’ Cottages Fund "), shall be applied in the manner provided by this Act.

. (3) Subject to the provisions of this section, any portion of the Labourers’ Cottages Fund which in any financial year is not required for the purposes of this Act shall be accumulated, and may be applied in any subsequent year for those purposes.

(4) Provided that, if at any time it appears to the Lord Lieutenant on the representation of the Local Government Board that the whole or any portion of the moneys placed at their

Amendment of 46 & 47 Vict. c. 60. s. 17. as to limit of rate.

Assignment of moneys' for purposes of Labourers Acts.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 48.

108

Payment out of

Development

Grant.

Provision as to certain sums carried out of Development Grant.

3 Edw. 7. c. 37.

Advances out of Irish Land Purchase Fund.

Cl & 62 Vict. c. 37.

Application of moneys.

54 Sc55 Vict,

c. 48.

Ch. 37. Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

disposal by this section is no longer required for the purposes of this Act, then he may order that the same shall be added to and form part of the Ireland Development Grant.

14. — (1) There shall be paid in each year out of the Ireland Development Grant such annual sum not exceeding twenty-eight thousand pounds as may be required to meet the payment charged upon that Grant by section seventeen of this Act.

(2) So much as is actually paid out of the Ireland Development Grant in any financial year in pursuance of this section shall be repaid as soon as may be to that Grant out of money provided by Parliament.

15. Any sums carried under section thirty-eight of the Irish Land Act, 1903, out of the Ireland Development Grant to the income account of the Irish Land Purchase Fund, and not expended on the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and six, shall be used as a working balance, and shall not be reckoned as part of the income of the Irish Land Purchase Fund in determining whether that income is insufficient under section twenty-nine of the said Act.

16. — (1) The Irish Land Commission may, on the recommendation of the Local Government Board, make advances to an amount not exceeding in the whole four million two hundred and fifty thousand pounds, in such manner, subject to such conditions, and within such limits, as may from time to time be sanctioned by the Treasury, to rural district councils of such sums as may be required for the provision of cottages and allotments under the Labourers Acts, and any sums required for this purpose shall be issued out of the Irish Land Purchase Fund. Every such advance shall be repayable in like manner as an advance under the Land Purchase Acts.

(2) The Lord Lieutenant may make an Order for the payment of any sum due by a district council in respect of a purchase annuity for the repayment of an advance made in pursuance of this section, and thereupon section eighty of the Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1898, relating to imperative presentments, shall apply to that sum.

17. — (1) Subject to the provisions of this section, sixteen pounds per cent, of the total amount of the purchase annuities payable in each financial year in respect of advances made by the Irish Land Commission for the provision of cottages and allotments under the Labourers Acts shall be paid out of the Labourers’ Cottages Fund, and twenty pounds per cent, of that amount shall be charged upon and paid out of the Ireland Development Grant.

(2) Provided that so long as any portion of the share payable to any county before the commencement of this Act out of the residue of the Exchequer contribution under the Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1891, remains unexpended no portion of the

1906.

Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1906. Ch. 37.

109

said purchase annuities payable by the council of any rural district comprised in the county shall be defrayed in the manner provided by this section.

After the commencement of this Act the residue of the Exchequer contribution under the Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1891, after deducting therefrom the annual sum of six thousand pounds forming portion of the Labourers’ Cottages Fund under this Act, shall be divided between the rural districts in Ireland as nearly as may be in proportion to the number of cottages provided, before the commencement of this Act, under the Labourers Acts in the said several districts in respect of which loans are for the time being outstanding, and shall be applied towards the repayment of those loans. The aforesaid proportion shall be determined by the Local Government Board.

(2) Whenever by reason of the repayment of the said outstanding loans the said residue is no longer required for the purposes of this section, the same shall be added to and form portion of the Labourers’ Cottages Fund, and when no longer required for the purposes for which that fund is applicable shall be added to and form portion of the Ireland Development Grant.

19. An advance under section two of the Irish Land Act, 1903, may be made for the purchase of a parcel of land comprised in an estate by an agricultural labourer who has, for a period of not less than five years immediately preceding the date of the advance, resided on the estate or in the neighbourhood thereof: Provided that any pre-existing tenancy under the Labourers Acts of the applicant for the advance shall be determined before the advance is made and that the applicant has paid all rent due by him in respect of such tenancy.

20. An advance for the purchase of a parcel of an estate to be held for the purposes of the Labourers Acts may be made under section four of the Irish Land Act, 1903, to a rural district council as trustees within the meaning of that section, and in such case an improvement scheme under the Labourers Acts with respect to the parcel of land shall be made, and the provisions of those Acts relating to an improvement scheme where it is not proposed that any land shall be taken compulsorily shall apply, and the provisions of section twenty of the Irish Land Act, 1903, relating to schemes shall not apply.

21. — (1) The instrument whereby any land, the ownership of which is not registered under the Local Registration of Title (Ireland) Act, 1891, becomes vested in a district council for the purposes of the Labourers Acts, and also an attested copy of a map delineating the land, shall, immediately upon the land becoming so vested, be transmitted by the council or the Irish Land Commission, as the case may be, to the registering authority under the said Act of 1891, and the title of the district council to the ownership of the land shall be registered subject to the provisions of that Act, and the registration shall be made

Amendment of 54 & 55 Vict. c. 48. s. 5 (2) (J), with respect to application of residue of Exchequer contribution.

Advances to labourers for purchase of parcels of land. 3 Edw. 7. c. 37.

Amendment of 3 Edw. 7. c. 37 ss. 4, 20, with respect to advances for purposes of Labourers Acts.

As to registration under 54 & 55 Vict. c. 66.

110

Ch. 37.

Labourers (Ireland), 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Remission ot fees in respect of registration of title.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 66.

Remission of stamp duties on agreements, &c.

As to turbary.

Amendment of 49 & 50 Vict. c. 59. s. 3.

Amendment of 48 & 49 Vict. c. 77.

As to employment of architects, &c.

As to identification of lands by means of maps.

Regulations as to letting of cottages and allotments.

free from all rights and equities referred to in subsection three of section twenty-nine of that Act.

(2) Where any land, the ownership of which is registered, is conveyed to a district council for the purposes of the Labourers Acts, the registration shall be made free from the said rights and equities.

22. No fee shall be payable in the Local Registration of Title Office, or in the Registry of Deeds Office, as defined by the Local Registration of Title (Ireland) Act, 1891, on the registration of the ownership of any land purchased by a district council under the Labourers Acts, or for any searches made or land certificate issued to a district council in respect of such land.

23. No stamp duty shall be payable on any agreement, deed, receipt or other instrument made or issued under the Labourers Acts whereby any land acquired for the purposes of those Acts is vested in a district council, or relating to the letting of cottages or land in pursuance of those Acts.

24. An agricultural labourer who is tenant to a district council of a cottage and plot or of an allotment under the Labourers Acts in the neighbourhood of such a holding as is referred to in section twenty-one of the Irish Land Act, 1903, shall be deemed for purposes of turbary to be an occupier of land in that neighbourhood.

25. Notwithstanding anything in section three of the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1886, lands for the purposes of a scheme may be selected if they immediately adjoin and are accessible from a road or lane over which a public or private right of way exists for carts and other vehicles.

26. The second proviso in section sixteen of the Act of 1885 is hereby repealed.

27. Every person whom a district council propose to employ as architect, engineer, surveyor, or clerk of works for the purposes of the Labourers Acts shall satisfy the Local Government Board that he has sufficient knowledge and experience for such employment.

28. The notice of any proposed scheme served upon the owner or occupier of any land proposed to be taken otherwise than by agreement shall have attached thereto a map or plan, sufficient to enable the person so served to identify the portion of land proposed to be so taken.

29. — (1) The district council shall make regulations with respect to the letting of cottages and allotments under the Labourers Acts, and for preventing any undue preference in the letting thereof, and generally for carrying the provisions of the said Acts into effect.

1906.

Labourers (Ireland), 1906. Ch. 37.

ill

(2) Regulations under this section shall provide that, on the first letting of any cottages or allotments comprised in a scheme, preference shall be given to agricultural labourers who have signed on their own behalf the representation on which the scheme was founded, or on whose behalf that representation was made.

(3) Regulations under this section shall contain a schedule of rents to be reserved in lettings, and those rents shall be so fixed as to secure a reasonable return, having regard to the circumstances of the locality affected, on the expenditure of the council under the Labourers Acts.

(4) Regulations under this section shall not be of any force until confirmed by the Local Government Board in like manner and subject to the like provisions as in the case of byelaws under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878.

30. Returns shall be made by the district council at the prescribed times in each year and forwarded to the Local Government Board, containing, with respect to their district, the prescribed particulars, including the following: —

(a) The number of cottages and allotments provided under

the Labourers Acts;

(b) The rents reserved in lettings under those Acts;

(c) The number of cottages or allotments unoccupied;

(d) The number of cottages or allotments the rent whereof

is in arrear and the total amount of such arrears;

(e) The number of cottages applied for in each rural district

under the last completed scheme under the Labourers Acts, together with the number of applications for extra half-acres to cottages already built under the said scheme, the number of applications for cottages and extra half-acres sanctioned, the amount of the official, legal, engineering, clerical, and other expenses incurred in connection with the preparation and confirmation of every such scheme and the particulars thereof; and

(f) The number of cases where advances have been made under section two of the Irish Land Act, 1903, as amended by this Act, to agricultural labourers.

31. — (1) The Local Government Board may make general rules for carrying into effect the Labourers Acts, and those rules, among other things, may, subject to the provisions of this Act, for the purpose of securing expedition, fix the periods within which inquiries shall be held and improvement schemes dealt with, and the Local Government Board, after consultation with or notice of consultation sent to the President of the Incorporated Law Society of Ireland, may make rules which subject as aforesaid may fix the amount of any fees, and may provide for the taxation and payment of any costs, to be received, allowed, or

41 & 42 Vict. c. 52.

Returns by district councils.

Rules and adaptation order.

112

Ch. 37.

Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Construction of Labourers Acts.

Duration of Acts.

Definitions.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 60.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 77.

59 & 60 Vict. c. 53.

Construction and citation.

[Short title.]

Commencement of Act,

Repeals.

paid, in relation to the confirmation by the Local Government Board and the carrying into execution of improvement schemes.

(2) The Local Government Board may by Order make such adaptations of the enactments relating to procedure in the Labourers Acts passed before this Act as are necessary for carrying this Act into effect.

(3) All rules and any Order under this section shall be published in the Dublin Gazette and laid before Parliament.

32. The Labourers Acts shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be construed as if any reference therein to the confirmation of a Provisional Order referred to the confirmation under this Act by the Local Government Board or the county court of an Order of an inspector of the Local Government Board made thereunder.

33. The Labourers Acts shall continue in force for ten years from the passing of this Act and until the end of the session of Parliament next ensuing.

34. — (1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, —

The expression "the Labourers Acts" means the Labourers (Ireland) Acts, 1883 to 1903, and this Act;

The expression "the Act of 1883" means the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883;

The expression "the Act of 1885" means the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1885;

The expression "the Act of 1896" means the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1896;

The expression "prescribed" means prescribed by the Local Government Board.

(2) The expression "a plot or garden " in the Labourers Acts shall be deemed to include two parcels of land whether they adjoin or not.

35. This Act shall be construed as one with the Labourers (Ireland) Acts, 1883 to 1903, and may be cited with those Acts.

36. This Act may be cited as the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1906.

37. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of November one thousand nine hundred and six.

38. The Acts specified in the schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of that schedule.

1006.

Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1906. Ch. 37, 38.

113

SCHEDULE.

Acts Repealed. Section 3$

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Extent of Repeal.

46 & 47 Vict. The Labourers (Ireland) In section four, the words "as

c. 60. Act, 1883. herein-after mentioned." Section five, so far as unrepealed. In section seven, from "after receiving " to " execution." Section eighteen.

48 & 49 Vict. The Labourers (Ireland) Section twelve, so far as un-

c. 77. Act, 1885. repealed.

49 & 50 Vict. c. 59. The Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1886. Section ten.

54 & 55 Vict. The Purchase of Land In section five, subsection two,

c. 48. (Ireland) Act, 1891. from " between " to the end of the subsection, except so far as the subsection applies to money payable before the commencement of this Act.

59 & 60 Vict. The Land Law (Ire- Section thirty-nine, except so far

c. 47. land) Act, 1896. as it applies to money payable before the commencement of this Act.

59 & 60 Vict. The Labourers (Ireland) In section one, subsection three,

c. 53. Act, 1896. the words "under section five of the said Act of 1883." Section eight.

3 Edw. 7. c. 37. The Irish Land Act, 1903. In section ninety-six, subsection two.

CHAPTER 38.

An Act to further promote the Revision of the Statute Law - by repealing Enactments which have ceased to be in, force or have become unnecessary.

[4th August 1906.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that certain enactments which’’ may be regarded as spent, or have ceased to be in force otherwise than by express specific repeal by Parliament, or have, by lapse of time or otherwise become unnecessary, should be expressly and specifically repealed:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and -with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The enactments described in the schedule to this Act are Enactments hereby repealed subject to the provisions of this Act and subject m scldule to the exceptions and qualifications in that schedule mentioned; repea e *

H

114

Ch. 38. Statute Law Revision (Scotland) , 1906. 6 Edw. 7 *

[Short title.]

and every part of a title, preamble, or recital specified after the words "in part, namely, " in connexion with an Act mentioned in the said schedule, may be omitted from any revised edition of the statutes published by authority after the passing of this Act, and there may be added in the said edition such brief statement of the Acts, officers, persons, and things mentioned in the title, preamble, or recital, as may in consequence of such omission appear necessary.

Provided as follows:

The repeal of any words or expressions of enactment described in the said schedule shall not affect the binding force, operation, or construction of any statute, or of any part of a statute, whether as respects the past or the future;

and where any enactment not comprised in the said schedule has been repealed, confirmed, revived, or perpetuated by any enactment hereby repealed, such repeal, confirmation, revivor, or perpetuation, shall not be affected by the repeal effected by this Act;

and the repeal by this Act of any enactment or schedule shall not affect any enactment in which such enactment or schedule has been applied, incorporated, or referred to;

nor shall such repeal of any enactment affect any right to any hereditary revenues of the Crown, or affect any charges there* upon, or prevent any such enactment from being put in force for the collection of any such revenues, or otherwise in relation thereto;

and this Act shall not affect the validity, invalidity, effect, or consequences of anything already done or suffered — or any existing status or capacity — or any right, title, obligation, or liability already acquired, accrued, or incurred, or any remedy or proceeding in respect thereof — or any release or discharge of or from any debt, penalty, obligation, liability, claim, or demand — or any indemnity — or the proof of any past act or thing;

nor shall this Act affect any principle or rule of law or equity, or established jurisdiction, form or course of pleading, practice, or procedure, or the general or public nature of any statute, or any existing usage, franchise, liberty, custom, privilege, restriction, exemption, office, appointment, payment, allowance, emolument, or benefit, or any prospective right, notwithstanding that the same respectively may have been in any manner affirmed, , recognised, or derived by, in, or from any enactment hereby repealed;

nor shall this Act revive or restore any jurisdiction, office, duty, drawback, fee, payment, franchise, liberty, custom, liability, right, title, privilege, restriction, exemption, usage, practice, procedure, form of punishment, or other matter or thing not now existing or in force.

2. This Act may be cited as the Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1906.

1906.

Statute Law Revision (Scotland), 1906. Ch. 38.

115

SCHEDULE.

[Note. — The Enactments mentioned in the third column to this Schedule are wholly repealed unless the repeal is expressly confined to a specified part of the Ena ctment.]

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

JAMES I.

1424. May 26. 1424. Parliamentum Apud Perth.

Cap. 1 Cap. 1 Of the fredome of halikirk.

, 2, 2 Of pece to be kepit throu the realme.

99 3, 3 Of rebelloaris aganis the kingis porsone.

>. 4 , 4 Of inforsing the king aganis notour rebellouris.

, 5, 5 Of ridaris and gangaris throu the cuntre.

, 6 6 Of the ministeris and officiates of law throu the realme.

, 7, 7 Of sornaris.

* 8 99 Of the custumis and buroumaillis of the realme.

, 9, 9 j Anent inquisicione of the kingis landis possessionis and annuel rentis.

, 10 Of a general yelde to be rasyt for the payment of the finance to be made in Ingland for our lord the kingis costage. Of slauchter of salmonde in tyme forboayne be the law.

, 11, 10

» 12 99 11 i Of crufis and yaris.:In part, namely: The words " for thre yeris tocum, " and from ‘ ‘ and thai that has | to the end.

, 14, 13 i Of clerkis and thair procuratonris passand oure the see.

, 15 14 Of clerkis purchessand pensionis out of beneficis.

, 16, 15 Of the custum of gold and silver had oute of the realme.

, 17 16 Of strangeris that sellis merchandise in the realme and tak's mono tharfor.

, 18 17 Of playing at the fut ball.

, 19 18 Of archaris.

20, 19 Of rukis biggande in treis.

, 21, 20 Of murbyrne.

, 22, 21 Of the custum of hors nolt scheip and hering. H 2

116 Ch. 38. Statute Law Revision (Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1424. May 26. Cap. 23 1424. Cap. 22 Of the custum of mertrik skynnis and other furringis.

, 24, 23 Of the amending of tho mone.

25 Of the age and mark of boggers and of idle men.

, 27 Of chevisanco to be maide in Flanderis for payment of the financo for the kingis costage.

1424. Mar. 12. 1424. Parliamentum A pud Perth.

Cap. 1 Cap. 26 Of the fredome of halykirk.

, 2, 27 Anent hospital is.

ff 3, 28 Anentis heretikis and lollardis.

99 4, 29 Anent the keping of the statutis maid in the kingis first parliament.

9t 5, 30 Anent ligis and bandis.

99 6 •Of merchandis passand in Flanderis.

, 7, 31 Of the selling of hor3.

, 8, 32 Anent talch.

, 9 Of the pricis of viltallis.

, 10, 33 Of the stoyllaris of greene wode and brekaris of orchardis.

, 11, 34 Of stollyn tvodo fundjn in uthir lordis landis.

, 13, 36 Anent stalkiris that slais deir.

, 14 Of resettouris of theffis and reffaris.

, 15, 37 Of rosettouris of rebellouris.

, 16 , 38 Of merchandis pa&sand our the see.

, 18, > 19, 40 Anent the ordinance of processionis andprayeris for tho king the quen and thar barntymo. Of the custum of wollyn clayth.

, 20, 41 Anent the laboraris of the crd.

, 21, 42 Of thiggaris.

, 22, 43 Anent lesing makaris.

, 23, 44 Of wapynschawingis.

, 24, 45 Anent billis of complayntis. In part, namely: To " Justice ande, " and from "Ande gif the Jugo" to the end.

, 25, 46 Anent remissionis to be gevyn.

1906. Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1906. Ch. 38. 117

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1425. 1425. Parliamentum Apud Perth.

Mar. 11.

Cap. 1 1 Of the fredom of kaly kirk.

, 2 (lap. 47 Anent hames and armouris to be brocht hamo be merchandis.

, 4 Anent the regiatracione ofletteriaof newe infeftmenfc, confirmacion, &c.

, 5, 49 Of the halding of the mone within the realme.

, 6, 50 Of thame that may not gang apon asisse.

, 7, 51 Of forthocht felony.

, 8 .» 52 Of presens in the Parliament.

», 9 tt53 Of attournayis in the Justice ayr.

» 10 , 54-55 Of personis to be chosyn to examyn and mend the bukis of law of this realme.

, 11, 5C Anent hostolaris in boroustounis and throuchfaris.

12 Of orisoues to be maid for the king the queyn and thare childer.

, 13, 59 Anent mesuris.

.. 14 Anent wechtis.

, 15 57 Of wattcr mettis.

99 16, 58 Anent batemcn and feriaris.

, 17, 60 Of wapinschawingis.

, 18 , 61-64 Ordinance anent the passage betuix Scotlande and Irian da.

, 19, 65 Of the Sessionis to be haldin.

, 20, 66 Anent inquisicion to be maid of ydil men that has nocht of thare awii to leif upon.

, 21 67 1426. Of the registracione and proclamacione of the actis of parliament.

, 22 Cap. 68-70 Assisa de ponderibus et mensuris.

, 23, 71-7 ► Anentis fyre in townis.

1426. 1426. Parliamentum Apud Perth.

Sept. 30

Cap. 1 Cap. 76 Anent the custom of salmondis and uthir fisclie.

>, 3 78 Of the price of the werk maid by craftismen.

» 4, 79 Of the fee of workmen.

» 5, 80 Of the punicion of werkmen that fulfillis nocht thar werk at the tym< thai hecht.

118

Ch. 38. Statute Law Revision (Scotland) 190G. 6 Edw. 7.

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1426. Sept. 30. Cap. 6 1426. Cap. 81 Anent the sawing of quhete peis and benis.

, 7, 82 Anent the biggyn and reparelling of castellis and maner placis beyonde the mownth.

1427. July 1. Cap. 1 1426. Cap. 83 Parliamentum Apud Perth. De juramento auditorum ad causas et querelas terminandas.

2 3, 84, 85 De financia facienda per clericos aut laicos ad partes ultramarinas se transferentes. De hostellariis seu hospiciis publicis.

•>> 4, 86 Revocacio ordinacionum super artificum decanis.

- 5, 87 Pro expedicione litium in curia spirituali.

, 87 De arbitriis.

, 7 Do excepcionibus falsis et frivolis.

1427. Mar. 1. 1427. Concilium Generale Apud Perth.

Cap 1, 2 3 Cap. 100, 101, 102 Of thaim that has oute of the real me merchandice nocht payande the custum. Of the commissaris of the schiris and the commoun spekar of the parliament. Anentis the men of craftis in burowis.

>, 4, 103 Addicioun to the statut of beggaris.

M 5 >> 104 That baron is ger seik the quhelpis of the wolfis and ela thame.

, 6 Of cruffis in watteris.

, 7 The leife to merebandis to fure thar gudis in schippis of Ytbir cuntreis.

o, 8, 105 Anent lipper folk.

, 9, 106 Anent the passage of olerkis out of the realme.

10 That na man cum to courtis with gaddering.

~ 11 »> 107 Anent interpreting the kingis statutis.

12, 108 Anent wylde foulis.

1428. July 12. Yol. II., p. 17. 1428. Concilium Generale Apud Perth.

Cap. 109 De juramento prestando Domine Regine.

1429. Apr. 26. Cap. 1, no Parliamentum Apud Perth. De fugientibus a Rege vel also quocunque ejus locum lenento.

, 2 l De colonis pro anno futuro non removendis.

1306.

Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1906. Ch. 38.

110

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1429. Mar. 6. 1429. Parliamontum Apnd Perth.

Cap. 1 Cap. 111 Of mayris of fee.

, 2, 112 Of summondis.

, 4, 114 Of essonyeis.

, 5, 115 Of borghis fundyu be defendouris apon a weir of law and thar fredomo to be avisit.

, 6, 110 Of falsing of domis.

7 117 Of recounter is and of the absens of the parliis at the dome geying of the docrete.

, 8, 9 io, 118 Of the array of knychtis lordis and vthoris. Of the array of burgessis and their wyffis. Of the array of yemen and commonis to landwartis.

, 11 120 Anent the maner of grathing of gentilmen and ntheris for weir.

, 12 ., 121 Anent the maner of grathing of yemen for weir.

13 122 Of unlawis to be raisit of thaira nocht bodyn as is before writtyn.

, 14 ., 123 Anent the maner of grathing of burgessis for weir.

, 15 124 Anent schippis that brekis within the boundis of this realme.

, 16, 125 Of the aith of advocatis in temporallo courtis.

17 120 Anent the making and reparalling of galayis.

, 18 127 Of the breif of seysing.

, 19, 128 Of the kingis leigis that remanis in Ingland aganis the kingis will.

, 20, 129 Of soverte askit bo ony of the kingis liegis that he hes doute of his life. In part, namely: From " Aude gif that the " to the end.

21, 130 Anent the service of inquestis and retouris to the kingis chapell.

, 22, 131 Anent the act of the fishing of salmonde.

1431. Oct. 16. Cap. 1. 1431. Parliamontum Apnd Perth. Of a contribucion to be rasit for the resisting of the rebellouris in the north lande.

, 2, 3 Cap. 132 Anent the selling or bartcryng of salmondo out of the realme. Anent thaim that passit nocht with the king in the north cuntre againis his rebellouris.

4, 133 Of the analying of landis fra the croune be the governour of the realme.

120 Ch. 38. Statute Law Revision Act, 190G. 6 Edw. 7.

Record. Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1432. 1426. # Parliamentnm Apud Perth.

May 27.

Statutis for stanching of fellone slanchteris and barganis and for the abreging of the law in swilk case.

Cap. 1 Cap. 89 Of the persnte of thaim that committis slauchter.

, 2, 90 Of the slaar fugitive fra the law and proclamation to be maid not to resett him.

, 3 91 Of slauchter within a barony.

, 4, 92 Of slauchter done within burgh.

, 5, 93 Of schireffis and ministeris of Eegalite that exccutis nocht the law beforsaid.

, 6 94 Of Lordis of Regalite and Aldermen and Balyeis in burgh that executis nocht the law.

, 7, 95 Of barganis in burgh or on lande and inquisicion thairanent whither it be forthocht felony or suddandly done.

, 8, 96 Of fugitonris fra burghis in forthocht felony.

, 9, 97Of huriis and slauchtcris done be the frendis of assoverit partiis.

» 10 98 Of the punicion of thaim that rise nocht in suppowel of the schireff persewand fugitonris with tlio kingis home.

, 11, 99 That the kingis officiaris and the officiaris of regaliteis and burghis haif wandis and hornis. Precept tuiching the keping of theforsaid statutis.

1433. 1433. Parliamentnm .Apud Strivelyn.

Mar. 1.

Cap. 1 2 3 Cap. 134 Of the act maid at Perth anentis the breif of the breking of tho kingis proteccioun. Of the breif of wattcr gangis. Do vicecomitibus qui non debite fcccrnnt execucionem actornm parliamenti.

1434. Jan. 10. 1434. Parliamentnm Apud Perth.

Cap. 2 Cap. 136 De literis retinencie et fidelitatis dandis Domino Eegine.

1436. 1436. Concilium Generale Apud Edinburgh.

Oct. 22.

Cap. 1 Cap. 137 Anent the selling of thefis be lordis of regalite schireffis or baronis.

, 2 . 138 Of the aithe to be maid be assisouris.

, 3, 139 Of arrestmentis be crownaris at Justice airis.

tt 4 140 Of arrestment and persnte of trespassouris be schireffis in the kingis name.

1906.

Statute Law Revision (Scotland), 1906. Ch. 38.

121

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1436. Oct. 22. Cap. 5 1436. Cap. 141 Of assoverauce and protoccion be Inglismcn.

, 6, 142 Of the setting of courtis for juging of thcvis.

, 7, 143 Of the inbringing of bulyeon be merchandis.

, 8, 144 Of the tavernaris in the nicht.

, 9, 145 Ancnt Inglis clath and uthir gndis.

, 10, 146 Tuiching the selling of salmonde to Inglis men.

, 11, U7 Of bying of wyne fra Flemyngis of the Dam.

, 12, 148 That the kingis Justice hald the law qnhair the trcspas wes done.

, 13, 149 Of golde silver and jowalis.

JAMES II.

1437. Concilium Generalo Apud

Yol. II., p. 31. 39 Cap. 2, 1 Of alienacionis of landis and movabill gudis in prejudice of the cronn. Coronacio Domini Regis Apud monasterium Sancte Crucis de Edinburgh.

1438. Nov. 27. Cap. 1 Concilium Generale Apud Edinburgh. Ordinacio super inquisicionibus captis tempore domiDi regis Jacobi primi.

112 Of oppin reyffis and spoliacionis.

1438. Mar. 13. Cap. 1 1438. Concilium Generale Apud Strivilyn. Of the halding of twa sessionis yerly.

» 2 Cap. 3 Of arresting and taking soverte of rebellis or unrewlful men resett or haldyn within casbellis or fortalicis.

1440. Ang. 2. Cap. 1 1440. Cap. 4 Concilium Generale Apud Slrivilyn. Of the fredome of haly kirk.

, 2 5 Of Justice airis to be haldin twise in the yere.

, 3 99 6 Of remede and punicioun of crymis.

1443. Nov. 4. Cap. 1 1443. Cap. 7 Concilium Generale Apud Strivilyn. For the supple and defens of haly kirk.

1445. Jan. 14. Vol. II., p. 33. Parliamentum Apud Perth. Tuiching the landis quhilkis our soverane lordis fadir had in peceabill possessione the day of his deces.

122

Ch. 38. Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1906, 6 Edw. 7.

Record Edition. 12mo Edition.

1449. Jan. 19. Cap. 1 1449. Cap. 12

, 2, 13

, 3(» 141, 15/

»> 4, 16

, 5, 17

J, 18)

», 6<, 19j

, 7, 20

, 8 21

, 22

, 10

, n(, 12, 231 , 24/, 25

13, 26

.. 14, 27

, 15, 28

, 16

, 17, 29

, 18, 30

1450. May 4. Cap. 1 1450. Cap. 31

, 2, 32

1451. Oct. 25. 1451.

Cap. 1-13 Cap. 33")

, 14, 341

, 15, 35 J

, 16, 36 1

, 17-18, 37J

Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

Parliamentum Apud Edinburgh.

Of letteris of capcione to be gevin apon personis under censuris of haly kirk.

Of general peco to be proclamyt and kepit oute tbrou the realme.

Of rebellione agaynis the kingis persone or his autorite.

For the keping of trewi3 on the bordouris.

Of punicione of officiaris that wilfully trespassis in the ministraeion of thar office.

Of takis of landis for termes and takis of wedset landis eftir the oute quyting of the lande.

In part, namely:

From " Bot quha sa, " to the end.

For the restorance of spoliacion.

That Justicez chaumerlanis crownaris and uthir officiaris ryde bot with competent and esy nowmer.

For the away putting of sornaris fenyet fulis bardis and sic lik utheris rynnaris aboute.

Persons chosyn of the thre estatis til examyn the actis of parliament's and general counsallis.

Of the bying and selling of vittale for eschewyn of derthe in the lande.

Of treson agaynis the kingis persone or his majeste.

That regaliteis that ar in the kingis liandis be haldin in Ryalte.

For eschewing of masterful thift and reife.

Anent Justice Clerkis.

Anent the biggyn of touris or fortalicis.

Anentis the mone.

Ordinance anent the contumacy of partiis summonde befor the king and his consal.

Concilium Generale Apud Perth.

Of the bringing in of poyson bo ony person of the realme. Of the bringing in of poyson by strangearis.

Tarliamentum Apud Strivilyn.

The avisement of the Deputis of the thre Estatis tuiching the mater of the money, &c.

1906.

Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1906. Ch. 38.

123

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1452. Aug. 26. 1452. Parliamentum Apud Edinburgh *

Cap. 1 Of the course of the Inglis penny.

, 2 A parliament ordanyt to be haldin at Edinbnrghe the XXVIII day

of Marche next to cum.

, 3 Cap. 38 Anent the threschin out of come.

, 4, 39 Of halding wittail in gymall.

, 5 40 Of bying and halding wittail to a dertbe.

1454. 1454. Parliamentum Apud Edinburgh.

July 16.

Cap. 1 Of the statntis anent the keping and execucione of Justice.

, 2 Cap. 40 For the inbringing of wittalis.

1455. Aug. 4. 1455. Parliamentum Apud Edinburgh.

Cap. 3 Cap. 42 Of the office and power of the wardanis on the bordouris.

»» 4, 43 Of the annexacione of Regaliteis now in the kingis handis to tho

Rialte.

» 5*1, 44 (That na office be geflyn in fee and heritage.

, 6j I Of compensacion for officis or custmnis revokyt.

, 7 Of the arestouris of fals cunyeouris.

» 8, 45 Of sornouris.

» 9, 46 Of the secret consale of burowis.

, 10 Of ane ambaxat to the pape.

, 111, 47 Of the arraymentis for Parliamentis and Generalo Consallis.

, 12 J

, 13 Oontinuaoion of this parliament.

1455. Oct. 13. Parliamentum Apud Striviling.

Cap. ll r Of takynnis on tho est bordour be bulys birnyng.

» 48^ Of the punicion of thame that warnyB of the riding of ane host in

J I Inglar.de.

3, 49 Of personis sclanderit or suspect of tresone.

»> 4, 50 That nane pas in Inglande without leif in tyme of weir.

, 51 r That na Inglisman cum in Seotlande withoutyn conduct or assoverance.

» G>, 5W That na Scottisman bring in the realme ony Inglismen.

.. ?J I That na Scottisman sit apon speciale assoverance of ony Inglisman.

i

124

Ch. 38. Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1455. Oct. 13. Cap. 81, 9j 1455. Oap.521 That na Scottisman supple Berryk nor Roxburghe. Of the parting of gudis quhen the wnrdan ridis or ony nthir chiftane.

, 10, 63 Of reif of gudi3 or presonaris.

, HI, 12 J »* 641 Of willfull eflfray in the hoist. Thir saide statutis to be proclamyt at raidis maide in Inglande.

, 13 Anent Inquisicion of sornouris and oppressouris.

» 14 99 65 Of the laying of garnisonis apone the bordouris.

1456. Oct. 19. Cap. 1 1456. Concilium Generale Apud Edinburgh. Anent debatis of the taking of presonaris.

, 2 Of the supple of the bordouris.

, 3 Cap. 56 Of the defence of the realme.

, 4 Of cartis of weir.

»» 3 Of the sending to France.

, 6, 67 Of the pestilence and governance thairof.

, 7, 58 Of the mone.

, 8 Of Justice and of sessionis halding.

999, 59 Of distressis takin be schirefHs and constablis at faris.

, 10, 60 Of distressis for constabill feis.

, 11 Of vittalys passande to Berwik Roxburghe and Inglande.

1457. Mar. 6. Cap. 1 1457. Parliamentum Apud Edinburgh. Of the lordis of the sessione.

, 2 Cap. 61 Of the causis that the lordis of the sessione sail knaw apone.

»* 3 9, 4, 62, 63 •Of the manere at the cause salbe brocht befor the lordis of the sessione. Tuiching the expens of the lordis of the sessione.

99 3 Of uthir lordis of the sessione to be namit the said sessionis endit.

, o 99 64 Of wapinschawingis.

, 7 Of the mone.

, 8, 65 Anent the reformacione of golde and silver wrooht be goldsmythis.

, 9, 66 Of litstaris.

1906.

Statute Law Revision (Scotland), 1906. Ch. 38.

125

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1-457. 1457.

Mar. 6. Cap. 10 Cap. 67 Anent the estat of merchandice and restriccione of the multitude of

11 68 sailaris. Of the arraymontis for Parliaments.

12, 69 Anentis the reformacione of hospitalys.

, 13-1 1 , 7oj Anent restriccione of sumptuosc clothing.

, 14 J Of Justice ayris.

, 15 , 71 Anent the setting of landis in feufermo.

16 72 Of regaliteis.

17 Of beggaris.

, 18, 73 Anentis mettis and mesuris.

, 19 74 Anentis the contentacione of parteis plenyeande of personis quhilkis

, 20 has remissionis of the king. Anentis the reformacione of chanmerlane ayris.

21, 75 Of frehaldaris earning to Parliament or general consale.

, 22 Of the use of taking distressis for constable feis.

, 23, 76 The punicione of negligent officiaris.

9, 24, 77 Of bandis and ligis within burrowis and of manrent.

»» 25, 78 Anent maisterful men that schapis thame to occupy maisterfully lordis

, 26, 79 laudis. Of Inquisicione of Sornaris bardis maisterfull beggaris and fenyeit

, .27 99 80 fnlys. Anent plantacione of woddis and heggis and sawing of broum.

, 28, 81 Anent the sawing of quheit peys and benys.

, 29 t9 82 That all personis sail cum to courtis in sobyr and qnict maner.

, 30 t> 83 Anent yardis and heggis of dry staikis.

, 311 9, 841 Anent the keping of wylde f'oulys that ganis to eit for the snsten-

» 32 J tacione of man.

Anent the distroying of rukio crawys and uthir foulys of reif.

, 33, 85 Anent tho slauchtcr of rede fische.

»» 34, 86 Anent ingynis that lnt the smoltis to pas to the so.

, 35, 87 For the destrucciono of wolfis.

* > 36 88 Anentis the slaaris of haris and destruccione of cunnyngis.

, 37 The statute anent lesyng makaris confirmyt and approvyt.

, 38 The statute of murbyme apprevyt and ordanit to be kepit.

126

Ch. 38,

Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Record Edition. lit mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1457. Mar. 6. Cap. 39~, 40 J 1457. Cap. 89«| Anent proclamacione of the actis and ordinanois abone writtyn in schyris and burrowi 3. Exhortatione be the thre estatis to our soyerane lord tuiching the diligent execncione of thir actis and statu tis.

JAMES III.

1466. Oct. 9. Cap. 1 1466. Cap. 1 Parliamentum Apud Edinburgh. Of halikirk.

n 2 3, 2 Of a commission of Parliament for treating of the mariage of our lorde the king, my lady, my lordis of Albany and Marr and for divers uthir thingis. Anent the dowry of the queyne.

4 ft 3 Anent commendis of beneficis religious or seculare.

5, 4 Of pensionis oute of beneficis.

, 6 5 Anentis law borowis and the unlawis of thame that brekis the samyn.

, 7, 6 Anentis summondis to be abregeit to xxi dayis.

, 8 Anentis barnes that ar put in feis of landis.

, 9 9 9 7 That na Inglis man have benefice within Scotlande.

, 10, 8 Anent the money and for the halding of the samyn within the realme.

, 11 For the inbringing of the moneye in the realme.

, 12 ., 9 Of coppir money to be cunyeit and of the cours of all uthir money.

, 13, 10 For the reformacioune of the hospitalis.

1466. Jan. 31. Cap. 1, 11 Parliamentum Apud Edinburgh. That nane sale nor pass in merchandise out of the realme bot fre men.

, 2, 12 That na man of craft use merchandise.

»> 13 That na man sale in merchandise without half a last of gudis.

, 4, 14 That na schip be frachtyt without a charter party.

>» 5, 6, 7 8, 15, 16, 17 That na schip be frachtit with staple gudis fra the fest of Symondis day and Jude on io Candilmes. That nano by nor tel nx mak merchandise to the Swyn, the Sluse, the Dam, or Bruges. Tollerance granted till merch mdis to do thar merchandise at Myddil-burgh. Licence til merchandis to sale to the Bochel Bnrdeus France and Norway.

•1906,

Statute Law Revision (Scotland) 1906, Ch. 38,

127

i Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1467. 1467. Parliamenfcum Apud Edinburgh.

Oct. 12.

Cap. 1 Cap. 18 Of the course of the mone of uthir realmis and of the blak penny is.

, 2, 19 Of the payment of dettis and contracts bigane according to the cours of the mone at the making of the contractis.

, 3, 20 That briggis of buirdis be maide at forryis for the eis of schipping of hors.

» 1 1467. 21 The proposition of the clergy and burrowis tuiching the payment of subsiais procuracy is custumis and dewteis gif the mone be proclaimit to lawer price grantyt be the king. Parliamentum Apud Strivelin.

Jan. 12.

Cap. 1, 2 Anent the mariage of our soverane lord. Anent the mater of Noroway.

, 3, 22 Of the cours of the Soottis grote of the croune.

»» 4, 22 Of the cours of the Inglis penny.

« 5, 22 Of the cours of the quhite Scottis pennyis.

M 6, 22 Of the cours of the blak mone.

, 7, -8, 22 Anent the heing of the avale of the crounite grote and Inglis penny. Anent the inbringing of bulyon.

, 9, 10, 11, 22 Anentis mettis and mesuris. Anent the taxt of the barouns — Inquisicion to be takin and retourit of the avale of ilk mannis rent. The resavouris of the taxt — The personis ordanit to take the said Inquisicions in the several schirefdomis. Parliamentum Apud Edinburgh.

1468.

Cap. 1, 2 t, 23 Anent the mone. Of the Sessione.

, 3, 24 That no catel be sellit out of the realme.

» 4 5 »*, 7 That thar salbe bot twa sessiounis — ane in edinburgh and ane an perth. For autorizing of Justice aris set in feriale tyme. Of the unlawis of the session. The king and his consale to chese utheris in case ony of the personis nemmyt to the sessiouns be seeke or absent.

1469. 1469. Parliamentum Apud Edinburgh,

Nov. 20.

Cap. 1 Cap. 25 Of the fredome of halye kirk.

128

Ch. 38.

Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1469. Nov. 20. Cap. 2, 3 1469. Cap. 26, 27 Of schireffis and uthir Jugis ordinaris quhilkis wil nocht minister Justice to the pure pepil. Tuiching the new Inventionis of selling of landis be chartir and sesing and takin again of reversions. In part, namely: From " and because sik " to the end.

, 5, 6, 29, 30 Anent the electiouno of aldcrmon bailyis and nthiris of Hciaris. of burowis. Of notaris and tabellionis.

, 7, 31 Of the metting of woln claith be the rig and nocht bo the selwich.

.. 8, 32 Of the indorsing of the kingis brevis and letteris.

, 9 33 Of the takin of feis be constablis of castellis schireffis and bailyeis of borowis at faris parliament tymes and generale counsalis.

, 10, 34 Anent the pnnding for malis and incasting and owteasting of tennandis at witsnnday or martymes.

, 11 35 Of slachteris of forethocht felony and of sudante and of the immunite of haly kirk and girth.

« 12, 36 Anent the distrenying of tenandis for the lordis dettis. In partf namely: From "And gif the soumo optenit" to "said is or nocht, " and from "And gif thair can nocht" to " before the schireff, " and from " And failzeing thereof" to the end.

, 13, 37 For the multiplicacione of fisch salmonde grilses and trowtis.

, 14, 38 Anent the continnationnis of the court of parliament and uthir courtis.

, 15 Anent the executione of the act for the reformacione of hospitalis.

, 16, 17, 39 Anent. the executione of tho statute for the making of briggis at the ferryis. Anent patting the Kingis Rollis and Register in bukis.

, 18, 19, 40 Of blac mone of nthir realmes and counter fetis of the kingis blac mone. The personis to quhom the thre estatis hes committit ful power to anise commone and refer again to the next parliament of certane materis viz. the inbringing of bullion — the reductioue of the kingis lawis — tho reformations of mane sworne athis — and uthir articlis.

1471. Maii 6. Cap. 1 Parliamentum Apud Edinburgh. Of the fredome and privilege of halikyrk.

, 2, 3 1471. Cap. 42 Of ane ambaxate to be sendo to the king of France and the due of Burgunyo. Act anentis the stanchyn of slachtir ratifeit with addicion.

1906.

Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1906. Ch. 38.

129

Record Edition. 12mo Edition.

1471. Maii 6. Cap. 4 1 1471. Cap. 43

, 5

, 6, 44

, 7, 43

, 8, 46

, «, 47

, io, 48

, 11, 49

, 32

1471. Aug. 2. Yol. II., p. 101. 1471. Cap. 41

1474. Maii 9. Cap. 1

, 2

, 3

, 4 1474. Cap. 60

, 5

, 7, 52

, 8, 53

» 10 >> 55

11

, 12, 56

, 13, 57

, u, 58

, 15 59

, 16, 60

Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

That na clerkis pnrches abbasyis and uthir beneficis at the court of Rome quhilkis was nocht thairat of befor — nor offices of collectory — nor unyownys and annexacionis of benefices.

Of cartis of weir to be maid.

Of armouris — and of wapynschawing.

Anent the weiring of silkis.

Of the cours of the mone.

For the eschewing of maneswering of fals Inquestis and assisis.

Anent schippis and bnschis for fy soiling.

Of nnlawis in accionis befor the lordis of consail.

The personis that the power of the thre estatis is committit to,

Parliamentum Apnd Edinburgh.

Anent the ordour and forme in the taking of excepcions to brefis.

Parliamentum Apud Edinburgh.

Of the fredome of halykirk.

Of an ambassat to be sende in Ingland for redres of the barge and uthir attemptis.

Of a commission to be sende till the king of Denmark.

Anent the mone and the inbringyne of bulyeone.

Anentis the cartis of weir.

Anent the pruving of arestmentis.

Anent the aierschipe of movabill gudis of baronis gentilmen and frehaldaris.

Anent the awail of landis to be answerde in the Retour of the breifis of Inquest.

That complayntis be first persewit to the Juge ordinar.

Anent the consale to be chosin in burowis.

Anent ourlordis that frandfully deferris till enter to thair landis. Anent the apprehending of persons arrestit to the Justice ayr.

Anent the staling of hankis hundis, &c.

Anent the hunting and slaing of dais and rays and the taking of cunnyrgis, &c.

130 Gfl. 38.

Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Record 12mo

Edition. Edition.

1474. Maii 9. 1474.

Cap. 17 Cap. 61

, 18

‘1475. Nov. 20. Cap. 1

’ 2 1475.

, 3 Gap. 62

, 4, 63

, 5

, 6, 64

, 7, 66

, 8, 66

, 9, 67

, 10, 68

, 11, 69

1476.

July 1. Yol. II., , 70

p. 113.

p. 114

f9

1478. June 1. Cap. 1

, 2

3

, 4 1477.

, 5 Cap. 72

, 6, 73

Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

Of the fraucht to be takin be feriaris.

Continuation of the Parliament — and the power of the thre estatis committit to certano personis.

Parliamentum Apud Edinburgh.

Of the fredome of haly kirk.

Of Justice aris to be set twise in the yer and of the executioun of the act anent fugitivis to the girth, &c.

Anent the administracione of Justice in civile accions and complantis.

Twiching the reformacione of fals assisis passand upone criminale accions.

Anent the manage of our soverane lordis sistir.

Anent the money.

That cunyit money be not put to the fire to be maid bulyone.

Anent the breif of Idiotrie and furiosite.

Of the oours of the money.

Of the payment of dettis according to the former cours of the money. Of courtis of guerra.

Parliamentum Apud Edinburgh.

Revocacio omnium alienacionum corone regie prejudicialium.

Continuacio parliamenti.

The persons to whom the hail power of the parliament is committit.

Parliamentum Apud Edinburgh.

Of the fredome of halikirk.

Of the granting of remissiounis and respettis for slauchter.

Of the striking of cunye and of bulyeon.

Of an ambassiate to the Duk of Burgunye to get confirmacion of the privilegis grantit to the merchandis of this realme of befor.

For inbringing of vitalis and uthir lauchful merchandice in the realme.

For observing of the act anent the cruvis sett in watteris.

In part, namely: —

The words " under the pain of v li for Ilk cruf, " "under the samyn payne ", and from " And that the myd strerae " to the end.

1906. Statute Law Revision () Act, 1906

Cfl. 38.

131

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1478. June 1. Cap. 7 1477. Cap. 74 Anent the feriaris that rasis fraucht, nppoane the kingis liegis.

, 8, 75 Anent the murburne.

, 9, 76 Of the bind of salmonde.

.. io, 77 Of masterfull beggaris and soruaris.

, 11, 78 Of schoyn of hors in the qnyk be ignorant smethis.

, 12 The power of the Parliament committit to certane persons of the thre estatis.

1481. Apr. 2. Cap. 1, 2 1481. Cap. 80 Parliamentum A pud Edinburgh. The liegis to be warnyt to be redy to cum to the king bodin in feir of were. Of speris and jakkis.

, 3 Of targeis.

, 4, 81 Anent personis cummand to the oist.

» 3, 6, 82 Of the execucioun of the actis anent the wapinschawin and abilyement for were. For reparaling and stuffing the kingis castellis.

, 7 Anent the privilege of the croun tueching the presehtacions of beneficis the tyme of the vacacioun of the sege of bischoppis.

1481. Mar. 18. Cap. 1, 2, 3 Parliamentum Apud Edinburgh. Of the breking of the trewis be the revare Edward calland him king of Ingland. Grant to the king and promit be the estates to abide with thare persons and substance in his defence. The kingis promit for ministracione of justice and gude reull.

, 4, 5 The maner of redynes for resisting and aganestanding of the said revare Edward. Of the beraris of the kingis letteris to warn his liegis.

, 6 Twiching the resisting of the tratour James of Dowglace.

, 7 Grant of YIc men of were to be layd in garnysoun on the bordouris.

, 8 Of the placis that the said mon of were salbe layd in.

.. 9 Of the captanis of the saidis placis.

, io Of the waigis of the Capitauys foresaide.

» 11 Of the wardane on the west bordouris.

132 Ch. 38.

Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1481. Mar. 18. (^ap. 12 1481. Anent the punitionn of personis quhilkis favouris the tratonr James of Dowglas.

, 13 Of an ambaxat to the king of France for help and supplie.

, 16 Cap. 84 Of the privilege of the croun anent the presentacioun of benefices in the tyme of the vacacionn of the segis of bischopis.

, 17, 86 Of the punitionn of thame that takis officis of procuration, &c. contrare the said privilege.

, 18 For the inbringing of merchandise and vittalis in the realme be strangearis and alienaris.

Vol. IL, p. 141., 79 Declaracioun of the law tuiching the halding of courtis of Purprusioun.

1482. Dec. 2. Cap. 1 Parliamentum Apnd Edinburgh. Of pece and aliance with Ingland.

, 2 Anent the Duke of Albany — to tak apon him to be lieutennent generale of the realme.

, 3 For the defence of the realme baith be sey and land *

, 4, 6 1482. Cap. 86 On the ministracione of Justice be wardanis schireffs and uthir officiaris. Of the continuacioun of wardanis courtis.

, 6 87 Aganis thame that breikis sauf conduct.

, 7 »’ 88 Aganis the inbringing of corrupt or mixt wyne within the Realme.

» 8 Anent the halding of money within the realme.

, 9, 10 1487. Cap. 114 Anent the purchesing of pensions furth of beneficis. For the inbringing of victalis and nedefull merchandise be strangearis of uthir realmes.

, 11 For remede of the complaynt made be divers merchandis that thair gudis are haldin fra them in France.

1483. Feb. 16. Cap. 1 1483. Cap. 89 Parliamentum A pud Edinburgh. Of proolamacion to the liegis to cum to the king for the defens of the Realme — and of wapinschewingis.

, 2 Tueching the recovering of the castell of Dunbar.

, 3 Tueching the personis that ar summound for airt and part and tresonable assistance to Alexander sum tyme due of Albany.

, 4 Of Justice airis to be sett and haldin generally throu the Realme and of wardane Courtis.

, 5 Aganis the gevin of remissionis or respettis.

1906.

Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1906. Ch. 38.

133

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1483. Feb. 16. Cap. 6 1483. Cap. 90 Tueching the kingis malis rentis and fermez.

, 7 Anent the blame of the estatis and lordis that ar not cnmin to this parliament.

, 8 91 Anent the discordis that standis ymangis our souerane lordis liegis.

, 9 Anent Impetracionns made in the Court of Rome Incontrar onre soverane lordis privilege.

, 10 93 Of the money and Inbringing of bulloun.

, 11 Anent the having of mone furth of the Realme for promocions and pleis in the Court of Rome.

1485. Maii 9. Cap. 1 Parliamentum Apud Edinburgh. Of the fredome of halikirk.

, 2 Anent the pece now takin betuix our soverane lord and Richard king of Ingland. And the meriage and aliance appunctit to be maid and per formyt.

, 3, 4 1485., 94 Anent the fiscbgarth of Esk debatable betuix the Realmes. Of Justice airis to be baldin in all partis of the Realme twys in the yer — and of Remissions and Respittis.

•» 3 Of an ambassat to our haly fader the paip.

, .6-12 Materis to be put in the Instruccions that salbe gevin to the commissionaris forsaid to be send to the paip.

, 13, 95 Of feriaris that takis duble and trible fraucht.

14 Of speciale letteris to be writtin to the paip tuiching benefices elective.

.. 15 96 For eschewing of the dammage sustenit be the liegis in the mynysyng in the finace of silver werk.

, 16 Of the cours of the money and for the inbringing of bulyone — And anent the plakkis and half plakkis.

, 17 Anent the execucion of the act aganis the purchessaris of benefices pertening to our soverane lordis presentacioun the sege vacand.

1486 (?). Parliamentum Apud.

Cap. 1 97 The crying doune of the new plakkis.

99 2 Anent the halding and keping of talloun within the realme.

3 That na hydis sal tit dry nor barkit be had out of the realme.

1487. Oct. 1. Cap. 1 Parliamentum Apud Edinburgh.

Aganis the gevin of remissiounis andrespectis for viiyeirisnixt tocum.

" 2 Of Justicez generale to be deput — and of Justice airis to be haldin in all partis of the Realme.

134

Ch. 38. Statute Law Revision (, 1006. 6 Edw. 7,

Record Edition. 12mo I Edition. ! Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.:!

1487. Oct. 1. Cap. 3 994 1 1487. Cap. 98, 99 Promitt be the estatis not to manteine or defend tratouris nor uthir trespassouris. Anent the Cronnar quhen he Ressavishis porto we.

995 ..100 Of the execucion of the actis of parliament anent the pnnycion of slachter — with addicioun.

, 6 ., 101 Of the keping of trespassouris eftir that thai ar takin and arrestit be the crounar.

, 7 ..102 Anent the gudis of convict trespassouris and bringing in the samin to the chekker.

998 ., 103 Of an assise to be gevin at Justice airis to the schireff and Crounaris gif thai have us it and done thair office trewly.

, 9 »»104 Of the execucion of the act anent the cumin to Courtis in sobre and quiet wise with addicioun.

, 10 105 Of jurisdictioun and process in Civile accionis questionis and pleyis.

, 11 That thair be ane ambaxiat send to the king of Romanis with commissioun to laubonr for the doun putting of the letter of marque.

, 12 », 106 That the Actis of parliament made apon salaris furth of all burowis in the partis of Flandris Holland or Seyiand be put to execucioun.

, 13 ., 107 That the act of parliament tueching the craftismen usand and deland with merchandise be put to execucion.

, 14 , 108 That the act of parliament anent the chesing of officiaris in borowis be ratifiit and put to execucioun.

, 15, 109 That the act of parliament anent the francht and laiding of schippis be put to execucioun.

, 16 ..no Anent the barell bind of salmond not to be mynyst.

, 17, HI That certane commissionaris of borrowis convene in ilk yere in the burgh of Inverkethiu. In part, namely: i From " anis in ilk zero’1 to "James day" and from "and qnhat burgh " to the end.

, 18 Anent the fisching and making of hering at the west sey.

1487. Jan* 11. Gap. 1 j Parliamentum Apud Edinburgh. Of the fredom of halikirk.

, 2 j Anent the mariagis of our soverane lord and our lord the prince his son.

, 3 ' Of the castel and toun of Berwilc.

994 Anent the prolonging of the trewis.

99 5 Of certane personis to be nemmyt to be gret Justicis on the sowth side of forth.

1906.

Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1906. Ch. 38.

135

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1487. Jan. 11. Cap. 6 1487. Of the Justicis on north half forth.

, 7 Of Justice ayeris to be proolamyt.

, 9 Anent the monye.

, 10 j For punicioun of fals Cunyeouris.

, 11 I j Anent the Inbringing of bulyeoun and keping of gold and silver ! within tho Realme.

» 12 1 Anent Clerkis that makis Impetraciouns of beneficis at the Court of Rome.

m 13 ! Anent the having of the money furth of the Realme.

, 14 For the staynching of slauohter thift Reffis hereschippis and nthir:trespassis.

15 Anent the iisching and making of hering and nthir fisch at the west sey 1 and lowis.

, 16 I Anent oner souerane lordis bull of privilege tniohing legatis of' the Court of Rome.

» 1" Anent the statute that all acciouns and causis sal pas before the | schireffis and Jugez ordinaris.

, 18 Cap. 113 j. Anent the gudis of persouns that ar justifiit.

, 19 (Anent the vacacioun of the sege of Aberdene.

>» 115 1 Commission for examination of the lawos. 1

1 JAMES IV.

1488., Oct. 6. 1 Cap. 1 Parliamentum Apud Edinburgh. Of the halykirk.

» 2 Of oure soverane lordis mariage and a contribucionn for an ambaxiate to be send thairnpon.

» 3 ! t j Of a commissioun to roncw the consideracioun betuix the realmez of France and Scotland.

, 4 ' | ! 1 Anent the gudis landis and housis takyne befor the feild of Sterviling be lordis and personis that war with our soverane lord that now is.

» 5 ! I -; 1 Anent gudis takin fra burgessis and merchandmon sen the tyine of the feild of Sterviling and of a generale remissioun to thaim.

, 6 1 Of wardanis Justicis and uthir offioiaris quhilkis were in feild at Sterviling agane oure soverane lord — to be secludit and suspendit fra the said is officis.

W 7 Anent the entre of the aieris of thame that deit in the feild agane our Soverane lord.

, 8 j J Anent the furth putting of Justice throw all the realme.

136

Ch. 38. Statute Law Revision (Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1488. Oot. 6. Cap. 9, io 1488. Cap. 1 Anent the stanching of thift reff and uthiris innormitez. Anent the replegeing of the inhabitants of burrowis fra the Justicis.

» 11, 2 Anent the cunye and bulyoun.

, 12, 3 That all schippis cum to fre burrow is.

, 13 Anent clerkis quhilkis purchessis beneficis in the court of Rome quhilkis wes never thairat of befor.

, H, 4 Anent clerkis that purchessis beneficez in the court of Romo of the quhilkis the presentaciouu pertenis to his hienes the sege vacand.

, 15 Of the debaite and cause of the feild of Stervilin in the quhilk umquhile James king of Scotlande happinit to be slane and the cans and occasioun tharof.

, 16 Of cruffis and fisch dammys.

.. 17 Of the keping of the castell of Edinburgh and governance of my lord James duk of Ros.

, 18 That the castell of Dunbar be distroyit.

99 19, 5 Revocacion of alien acionis of giftis and privilegis grantit sen the secund day of Februar last by past be our soverane lordis saidir.

, 20, 6 Anent the aieris of lordis baronis and uthir landit men that war with oure soverane lord that now is in the feild of Sterviling.

1488. Jan. 14. Cap. 1 Parliamentum Apud Edinburgh. Of the cunye and inbringing of bulyono.

, 3 Anent the barell of salmond and the pakking and mesure of thesamyn.

1489. Jnne 26. Cap. 1 Parliamentum Apud Edinburgh. Of halykirk

, 2 Of the ansuer to the king of Ingland apon the letteris brocht fra him.

, 3 Anent the sending to the king of France for the renewing of the con-fideracioun.

, 4 Anent the sending to the king of Denmark for the renewing of the aliancez.

* > 5 Tuiching the takin of cawpis usit be heddis of kyn in Galloway.

" 6 Anent the wardane of the west and middill in orchis.

, 7 Tuiching the assegeing of the castellis that are halding conti’are our soverane lord.

, 8 ! Of the lordis to be chosin and be of consale to our soverane lord.

, 9 Of the money.

1906.

Statute Law Revision (Act, 1906. Ch. 38.

137

Record Edition. 12mo 1 Edition, j 1

1489. June 26. Cap. 10 I i | i 1

, 11 ! I

1489. Feb. 3. Cap. 1 1489. ' Cap. 7

, 2

» s 8

, 4 1, 9

» 5 I i

i i

, 7 i " 101

, 8

, »ii

, 10 i

, 11 j i

, 12 12

, 13, 13

, U, H

, 15 1 1 1

, 16, 15;

17 16

, 18 1 >. 17

, 19 m 18-

, 20, 19

, 21, 20

, 22 21

, 26, 22 ,

Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

Anent the byaris and sellaris of gold and silver cunyeit.

Of a proclamation to be maid that nane anherd with rebellis.

Parliamentnm Apud Edinburgh.

Of haly kirk.

Of the Justice airis.

Of frendschip and concord to be maid amangis all our soverane lordis liegis.

Anent the inbrynging of the taxt grantit in Parliament.

Tuiching the renewing of the conflderocioun and aliancez of France and elekwise with Denmark and Espanye.

Of an ambaziat to the king of Denmark.

Of the kingis properte and the annullacioun of all giftis donations &c. sen the day of his Coronacioun.

Anent the sustentacioun and governance of the Duk of Ros and erle of Mer.

Tuiching the observacioun of the treux takin with the king of Ingland.

Appoyntement of auditouris of our soverane lordis comptis.

Electioun of certane lordis to be oure soverane lordis secrett consale.

Of the autorite of the said Consale.

Of goldsmythis quhilkis makkis fals mixtouris of ewill metale.

Anent the act of saling of merchandis and anent the inbriuging of bulyoune.

Anent the act maid on the feriaris quhilkis takis double frauchte.

Anent cruvis and fisch yardis.

Ooncernyng the fre tennentis that haldis of the prince duk of Rothissay and stewart of Scotland.

Anent the money.

The taking of cawpis be the beddis of kyn in Galloway to be sessit.

Tuiching the cawpis taking in Carrick.

Anent the proces of the recovering of annuale rentis in burrowis.

Aganis thaim that compellis the kingis tennentis to do thaim ony maner of service.

Anent the act annulling alienacions of landis &c. be our soverane lordis saidir.

138

Ch. 38. Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1489. Feb. 3. Cap. 26, 27 The remit of tbame that tuk parte with Robert lord Lile and Matho Stewart in the halding of the castell of Dunbertane. Of the sitting of the lordis Auditouris of complantis with the lordis of Consale.

1491. Apr. 28. Cap. 1 1491. Parliamentum Apud Edinburgh. Of the fredommez of haly kirk.

, 2, 3 Cap. 23 Of the aliancez and confederacions betuix the realmez of France and Scotland. Of our soverane lordis mariage.

, 4 Of an ambaxiate to the king of Denmark.

, 5, 24 t Of the brevez of the Chancellary.

, 8, 27 Anent finding of lawborrois.

, 9 i 28 Of the pursuit of slaaris and demembraris.

, 10 !, 29 Of Justice airis to be set and haldin twis in the yere.

, 11 ! 30 Anent the execucioun of decrettis for the costis and scaithis of partiis.

, 12 I, 37 Anent tbame that refuse to tak gold that is crakkit.

, 13, 311, 32/ Of wapynschawingis foure tymes in the yere.

, 14 Of dais of meting on the bordouris for the keping of the trewis.

tt 15, 33 Of the statutis of mettis and mesuris.

, 16 Of the sitting of the sessionnis.

, 17 34. 1 Anent legis and bandis and convocacioun of commonis iU burrow is.

, 18, 35 Anent the breif and summondis of errour.

, 19, 36 Of the commoun gud of alljburrowis.

« 20

In part, namely:

From "And Inquisicioune" to the end.

Anent the proclaiming of thir aotis and statu tis.

Feb. 6. Cap. 1

Parliamentum Apud Edinburgh. Anent oure soverane lordis mariage.

t>

2

99

3

99

4

Anent the tressonr that our soverane lordis saider haid the tyme of his deces.

Of the personis that slew our soverane lordis saidir.

Of the dew execucioun of the actis for the administracioun of Justice.

1906.

Statute Law Revision (Scotland) 1906. Ch. 38.

139

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1493. Maii 8. Parliamentnm A pud Edinburgh.

Cap. 1 Anent the libertie and fredom of haliekirk.

, 2 Anent the privilegeis grantit be papis to our soverane lordis predeces-

1493. souris.

, 3 Cap. 38 Anent the beneficis quhilkis passis now to the court of Borne that war of befoir disponit in the realme be electiounis.

, 4 Anent the privilege tuiching the dispositioun and promotioun of all

benefices elective.

5 Anent the privilege That na legat salbo ressavit within the realme bot

gif he be ane Cardinall or nat ive born of the realme.

, 6 Indult grantit perpetuallio to the Segis of Sanctandrois and Glasgw to confirme the electiounis of all abbacei3.

, 7 Anent the pley now dopendand in the court of Borne betuix the

bischopis of Sanctandrois and Glasgw.

, 8 Anent all uthirs ployis in the court of Borne upone causis beneficiall.

, 9, 39 Anent taxationis of benefices oftir the auld taxation contenit in the

buke of Bagimontis taxt.

M 10, 40 Anent the refusing of the money for crakis and flawis being in it.

, n Of a commissioun to end and conclude our soverane lordis manage.

, 12 *1 ! Anent the defraude done to our soverano lord in his custumis be

strangearis.

, 13, 42 Anent the craftismen of burrowis that takis taxatioun penny of men of

the samin craft cummand to the merkot.

, 14 43 Anent the using of dekynnis of men of craft in burrowis And als anent

men of craft that statutis to have fee for the haly day.

, 15, 44 Anent the taking of multur of the floure that cumis furth of uther

landis to burrowis.

, 16, 46 Of the execucioun of all statutis quhilkis hes in the end of thame the

r, 461 pane of dittay.

, 17 J Of the taxatiounis to be takin be custumaris within the burgh.

I, 47 J

, 18 48 Anent sctlaris of mureburn.

, 19 Anent the distroying of heron sewis.

, 20, 49 Anent schippis and buschis for fischeing.

, 21, 50 Of donatiounis and infefi.mcnlis maid be our soverane lord that lust

1 decessit.

, 22 51 The kingis Eevocatioun of alienatiounis donatiounis &c.

, 231, 52 ji Anent the barelling of Salmond of the auld bind of Abirdene.

, 24 J I 1 Anent the schippis and makin of fische at the west coist.

140

Ch. 38. Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1496. Parliamentnm Apnd Edinburgh.

Jane 13.

Cap. 1 1494. Of the libertie and fredome of haly kirk.

9*2 Cap. 53 Anent the impetrat.ioun and purchessing at the court of Kome benefices elective and utheris.

, 3, 54 That all barronis and frehaldaris of substance put thair eldest sonis and airi8 to the sculis.

, 4 J, 55 Of the maister of the money and of cunye — and the inbringing of the bulyeoun.

99 6 1, 56 Of the prices maid upone all maner of stuffe wrocht be ony maner of workman.

6, 57 Anent summondis of errour or Inordinat proces.

1503. 1503. Parliamentum Apud Edinburgh.

Mar. 11.J

Yol. II., Cap. 100 Revocation of donationis statutis and all uthir thingis hurtand the

p. 240. croune or halikirk.

Cap. 1 Of the fredome of halykirk.

, 2, 58 Of ane consale to be chosin be the king quhilk sail sitt continually.

.. 3, 59 Of Justices and schireffis depute for the Ills.

, 4 9960 Of the Justice airis for Ergile and uthir pairtis.

»* 5 9961 Of the Justice airis for the schirefdomis of Ros and Cathnes.

, 6 , 9 62 Of remissionis.

, 7, 63 Aganis remissionis for slauchter upon forthoct fellony.

99 8, 64 Of fals X) otaris.

, 9, 65 Anent recent spnlye. In part, namely: The words " apoune xv dais " and from " sa that he mak " to " xxj dais."

9, 10, 66 Anent the expensis of Bchireffis for the executioun of thair office in the distrenyeing of personis for dettis.

99 11, 67 t Of the expensis of proces led befoir schireffis and uthir officiaris.

, 12, 68 j For the holding of money within the realm e.

, 13, 69 Anent stelaris of pikis out of stankis breikaris of dowcatis, &c.

, 14 9 970 Anent beggaris.

, 15 Anent bnachis and schippis to be maid for fisohing.

, 16, 71 Anent the unlaw of gren wod — and the unlaw of murburn.

, 17, 72 Anent the slauchter of red fische in forbodin tyme.

13.

73

74

75

78

79

80

81

82

83

84

85

86

87

88

89

90

91

92

93

94

95

96

97

99

Law Revision (Scotland) , 1906. Ch. 38.

141

Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

Anent the divisioun of schirefdomes.

Anent policy to be haldin in the cuntre.

Of wappinschawis.

Of presens in the Parliament.

That all the liegis be renlit be the lawis of the realme.

Of all officiaris haifand office of Jurisdictionn within burgh.

Of Jurisdictioun amang merchandis in partis beyond Bey.

Of the conservatour of Scotland.

Anent faris haldin apon halidais or within kirkis or kirk yardis.

Anent the privilegis and fredomes of merchandis and burrowis.

That the commissaris of burrowis be warnyt qnhen taxtis ar gevin.

Of the making of bnrgessis or gilde brethir.

Of the execucioun of the act anent salaris.

Aganis ligis or bandis within burghis.

That na man houe woll hydis nor akynnis in places ontwith fre burrowis.

Anent the gevin of seeing be preceptis of onre soverane lordis chapell. Anent the setting of oure soverane lordis propir landis in fewferme. Anent the setting of landis in fewferme be baronis and frehaldaris.

Of malt makaris in burrow touns.

Of the Jurisdictoun of landis lyand in sindry schirefdomez.

Anent the proponing of exceptions again the brief of inqueste.

Anent the proces of the breve of rycht and othir brevis pledabill.

Of mesouris and ^yechtis.

Anent the hamebringin of bulyeon.

Anent money othir crakit or flawit.

Anent the wordis of falsing of dumys.

Parliamentum Apud Edinburgh.

Anent the divisioun or unioun of schirefdomez.

Mortification of xx merkis to ane chaplane to sing in the chapell of Halirudehouse.

142 . Ch. 38. Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1509. Maii 8. Cap. 1 1509. Parliamentum Apud Edinburgh. Of the fredomes of halie kirk.

, 2 Cap. 101 Anent the Division of schirefdomes.

JAMES V.

1515. July 12. Cap. 1 1515. Cap. 1 Parliamentum Apud Edinburgh. Of halie kirk.

, 2 2 For stanching of the cryme of thift and stouthreif.

1522. July 24. Cap. 1, 2 1522. Cap. 3 4 Parliamentum Apud Edinburgh. Anent the waird releifis and mariageis of ony man slane in oist or army aganis our auld inimeis of Ingland. Anent the takkis or steidingis of tennentis slane be Inglismen in our soverane lordis armie.

1524. Nov. 14. Cap. 1 Parliamentum Apud Edinburgh. Of the halikirk.

, 2, 3, 4, 5 Tuiching the expiry of the office of tutory and governance of Jhone Duke of Albany. Appointement of the quenis grace to haif the keping and reule of the kingis persone. Anent the dispositioun of wardis mariagis and all utheris the kingis casualiteis. Of our soverane lordis secret counsale.

1 , 6, 7 Of the granting ane commission to the ambaxatours that now are to pas in Ingland. Of the sessioun.

, 8 Of the administratioun of Justice in crimynate actiouns.

, 9 Anent stanching of thifr.

, 10 Of the ounye.

, 11 Anent the inbringing of our soverane lordis propirtie.

, 12, 13 Anent the kingis propir landis sett in fewferms and assedatidun for xix yeris and utheris lang termes be Jhone Duke of Albany. Anent remiBsioun for slanchtir.

1524. Feb. 15. Cap. 1 Parliamentum Apud Edinburgh. Anent the Secret Counsale.

, 2 Anent the removing of the kyng.

1906.

Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1906. Ch. 38.

.143

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1524. 1 Feb. 15. Cap. 3 Anent the disposilioun of beneficez.

, 4 ! Anent the sure keping of the king.

1, 5 1 Anent the giding of the realme.

, 6 Anent the reule of the bordouris.

99 7 Anent the taking of gudis in Ingland.

99 8 Anent the taking of salt out of the realmo.

, 9 Anent the keping of the selis.

, 10 Anent the kingis propirtie.

, 11 Tuiching the capitano of the castell of Edinburgh.

99

12

Annullatioun of all proces of tressoun aganis James Erie of Mortoun and utheris.

1525. July 6. Cap. 1

, 4

5

99

6

fl

7

9, 8

, 10

Parliamentnm Apud Edinburgh.

Of the fredom of halikirk.

Of the Actis maid aganis thaim pnrchessand benefice at the court of Rome.

That na faith be gevin ony writing under ane sele without sub-scrip tioun.

Anent the dampnable opunyeouns of heresy.

That the lordis havand the kingis auctoritie salt nocht use the samin bot be all the lordis togidder or the maist part of thaim.

Anent the kingis letteris to be gevin aganis thame that lyis under the sentence of cursing for the spaoe of xl dais.

Of ane commissioun for treting of pece with Ingland.

Anent the processis of Justice airis and Justice oourtis.

Anent thame that lay wachis and besett gaitis for the slauchtir and invasioun of the personns that thai has ineraytie aganis.

Of the committaris of the crymes of fire rasing and revesing of wemen.

Ratificatioun of giftis actis &c. done bo the lordis of Secret Counsale in absence of the Quenis grace.

1526. Jun. 12. Cap. 1

Parliamentnm Apud Edinburgh.

Of halikirk.

9t

2

Declaracioun that the Kingis auctoritie riale is in his awn handis.

99

6

The lordis to be of the Kingis Counsale and of his Secret Oounsale.

144

Ch. 38.

Statute Law Revision (Scotland), 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Record

Edition.

12mo

Edition.

Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1526. Jun. 12. Cap. 7

10

11

12

13

14

15

16 17

Batificatioon of all giftis respectis remissiouns and all utljir aotis maid be his hienis sen his age of xiiij yeris.

Anenfc the gyding of the Kingis persone.

Berocatioun of all giftis &c. of the Kingis propirtie sen the deoeis of his fader.

Anent the oonrs of money bringing hame of bnlyeonn and the haring forth the gold of the mynd.

Anent the anld actis aganis thame that dois contrar the Kingis privilege grantit to his predecessouris and suocessooris be the sege of Borne.

Anent the manage of onr Soverane Lord.

Anent the keping of the anld Actis of Parliament ar penale.

Anent the gudis of persouns that deis within age.

Anent the ressaving of Legatis or Legatioun in this realm.

Of remeid aganis thaim that under traist with dissait committis slanohteris Ac.

1526. Nov. 12.

Cap.

Parliamentnm Apnd Edinburgh Of the fredome of haly kirk — with addicioun.

Anent the selling of breid within the tonne of Edinburgh.

Anent the selling of flesche in the toune of Edinburgh.

Anent the carying of talloune furth of the realme.

Anent fals money or counterfetis.

Of Justice airis to be haldin universalie.

Anent the oppressioune committet be the malt makiris of Leth.

Of conservatioune of the kingis previlege and how thai salbe punist that brekis the samyn.

, 10

1528. Sept. 2. Cap. 1

1528. Cap. 8

Of slauchteris murthouris and byrningis.

Jt

5

6

7

Parliamentnm Apud Edinburgh.

Anent the making of arrestmentis be crowneris.

Barounis and frehaldaris to ansuer in Justice aris for the men duelland upoun thair awine landis.

Anent actiounis for assithement.

1906.

Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1906. Ch. 38.

145

Record 12mo Edition. Edition.

1532. Mail 13. Cap. 1

1537.

2

Cap.

36-41

ff

3

Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

Parliamentnm Apud Edinburgh.

Of the auotorite liberte and fredome of the Beta of Rome and halikirk.

Concerning the ordour of Justice and the institutionn of ane college of cunning and wise men for the administracioun of Justice.

In part, namely:

The words " baith of Spirituale and temporale estate, " from " to the nowmer " to "half temporall, " the words "in this present parliament, " from "and nane ubheris" to "sitt quhill iammes, the word "thir " where it secondly occurs thereafter, the word "underwritten, " and from " Providing alwayis " to the end.

Anent the keping of money within the realme.

1535. Jun. 7. Cap. 1

, 2

, 3

, 4

6

, 7

, 8, 9

, 10, 11, 12, 13, 15, 16 17

1535. Cap. 9

10

11

12

13

14

16

17

Parliamentnm Apud Edinburgh.

Libertie of halikirk.

Aganis heretikis — for eschewing of heresy within this realme and the panis thareof.

Aganis thaine that sustenis the processe of cursing be the space of xl dais.

For ane generale provinciale consale to be had.

Taxt granted to the kingis grace.

The mater of money and cunye.

Off planting of woddis forestis and orchartis.

The panis of the distroyaris of woddis and thaim that makis mureburn in forbodin tyme.

For keping of forestis.

For slauchter of dais &c.

Off brekaris of dowkatis yardis cunygaris parkis and stankis.

Off brekaris of yardis and orchartis.

Of slaying of haris in forbodin tyme.

Anent ane contributioun grantit to the kingis grace be the thre Estatis. Off red fische smoltis and slaying of salmond in forbodin tyme.

Off cruvis and yaris.

1)

I)

ff

18

19

20 21

Of buschis for fisching.

Of wapinschawingis.

Hagbutis and utheris small artalyory to be fumest within the realme.

That merchandis bring hame hagbutis culveringis calmes powder and hernes.

K

146

Ch. 38. Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1906* 6 Edw4 7

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Eoactineot and Extent of Repeal.

1535. June 7. Cap. 22 1535. For bigging of strcnthis on the boruonris.

»* 23; Cap. 18 Provisioun for ostillaris and travellaria throw the cuntre.

, 24 i9 1 i That na man by Inglis hors or bartour for thamo and that all man havand stude places gar plenys the samyn.

, .•25 j, 20 That na man sell nolt schepo &c. to Inglismen nor send rittalis fische or salt in Ingland.

, 26 21 Off forstallaris.

, 27 For imbringing of the kingis grace propirtie and casualite.

, 28 ! For slauchter with additionn.

, 29, 22 | For the stanching of maisterfnll beggaris with additioun.

.. 30, 23:The romeid for delivering of them that fleis to girth.

m 31 The privelegis of barrow is.

, 32, 24 Anentis merchandis that salis incontrar the actis maid of before.

, 33 25 Thatna schip sale with stable gadis fra Symonis day and Jude quhill candilmes.

» 34, 31 That na man sale in Flandris bot twise in the yeir.

, 35, 26 Off chesing of officiaris in burgh and bringing of thare comptis of thare commoun gudis yerelie to the chekker.

, 36 |, 27 | That na man trnble or molest the prorest bailies aldermen officiari» and othsris induellaris in the burgh.

, 37 | 39 1 r, 33-| 34 v| L 35J j That my lord chanc^llar within ane certane of lordis qnham plesis the kingis grace to depute with him sitt wolkly ane day to trete on materis concernyng the commoun wele. That Justice aris and proces be peremptoure at the secund court and how crownaris sail mak tliair arrestment and that gret crymes be callit at perticuler diettis with the panis of thame that complenie wranguislio.

, 40: For eschewing of thift stouth and reiff.

» 4i: 26, 1 That wa man ryde bot in sobir raaner.

42* 29 ' For raaltmakaris. i

, 43 1, 30 1; Of craftistncn browstaris sellaris of salt and vittalo within' burgh.

1540. Dec. 3. Cap. 1 1540. Cap. 69 1 Parliamentum Apud Edinburgh. Deliverance anent ane summondis of tresonn aganis auo persouu that is deid.

, 2, 1533. Cap. 36 Ratification and pronunciacioun of the actis of the last parliament. Addicioun to the act of carsing.

"* r

srd

ion.

to.

.3.

4

5

6

7

8

9

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

20

21

22

23

24

25

26

27

28

40.

* .14.

p. 1

2

3.

4

5

6

tute Law Revision (Scotland) Ac, 1906. Ch. 38; 147

Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

The kingts grace vovocacioqn.

Off fredome of halikirk.

That the schireffis and utheris officiarig he present personalie at the thre heid conrtis.

Off setting of temporale courtis.

Off deputis to schireffis and nthir officiaris.

Anent Indorsing of letters.

Off electioun of Notaris.

Off geving of sesingis.

Off admission of Notaris.

That the prothogollis of all sesingis be presentit yerlie to the chokker. Off fals notaris and witnessis.

Off notaris ordinare in schireff courtis or utherwyis.

Off commissionis gevin in prejudice of the ordiner.

Off lesing makaris.

For ordouring of processis of forfaltouris.

Wapynschawing is to be twise in the yeir.

That the army of Scotland be unhorsit except greit baronis;

The manere of harnes wapnis and armoure.

Off armour conforme to every mannis ront and substance.

That all personis present in wapinschawingis be writtin with the-raaner of thair armour.

The premunitioun of wapinschawingis.

Off chesing of eapitanis in every parrochyne.

Generale remissionn gran tit be the kingis grace to all his liegis.

Parliamentum Apud Edinburgh.

For honour of the haly sacramentis.

For worschip to be had to the*Yirgin Mary.

That na man argun the papis auctorite.

For reforming of kirkis and kirkmen.

That na private conventionis be maid to desput on the scriptour.

Of personis abjurit of heresy.

14.

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

24

25

26

27

28

29

30

31

32

33

35

38

39

40

44

Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1906. C Ei>w. 7.

Of fugitivis suspect and summond for heresy.

Reward of thame that revelis conventionis and accusis heretikis.

That nane dishonour imagis of sanctis.

Ratificationn of the institutioun of the college of justice.

In part, namely:

From " And alsratifyis " to " pape and his hienes."

Hagbutis and utkir small artelyerie to be furaist within the realme.

For hamebringing of hagbutis culveringis pulder and harnesses.

For inbringing of the kingis grace propirtie and casualiteis.

Anentis committaris of slauchter mutilatioun and resetting of the kingis rebeJlis.

For stanching of thift stouth and reiff.

Fur eschewing of derth of wittalis flesche and fische.

Tuiching the croun of weent.

For stanching of derth and prices of wyne salt and tymmer.

Tuiching the hospitalia.

Remeid againis thame that lyis out and will not entir to thair landis in fraud of thare creditouris.

Anentis privilege of burrowis.

Off pakking and peling.

Anentis furth having of money of the realme.

Off mesouris.

Off the pane of thame that tynis the pley.

Anentis conductioun of craftismen.

Anentis dravvaris of claith.

Anentis forstallaris.

Anentis weehtis.

Dissolucion of tho unioun for setting of fewis.

Anentis birning of cornis rasing of fyre and revesing of women.

Anentis thame that brtkis or passis conti ar the kingis grace privilegis grantit to him by the sete of Rome.

The nerrest of the kyn to have the gudis of thaim that deis nntestit

Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

without prejudice of the cote. Off talloun.

1906.

Statute Law Revision (Act, 1906. Ch. 38.

149

Record Edition. 12mo Edition.

1540. 1540.

Mar. 14.

Cap. 45 Cap. 124

, 46, 125

, 47, 127

Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

Off thaim that counterfctis the kingis money.

Anentis thame that takis placis of bischoppis or abbotis eftir tharo deceis.

For prenting of the actis of Parliament.

1542. Mar. 12. Cap. 1

99

99

99

99

99

59

2

3

4

7

8 9

MARY.

Parliamentum apnd Edinburgh.

Declarationn tuiching James erle of Arrane lord hamiltoun secund persoun of this realms and tutour lauchfull to the quenis grace and governour of this realme.

Ratificatioun of the aiths gevin to the lord governour.

Tuiching the depesche of the ambassatouris to the king of Ingland for contracting of peise and marriage.

Of ane testimoniale to be made of the tua actis anentis my lord governour.

The namis of the lordis to be upoun my lord govemour’s secrete counsale.

The lordis ncmmit for keping of the quenis grace.

Anentis the place quhar the quenis grace sail remane.

99

10

Additioun to the actis intitulate of personis abjurit of heresy.

99

11

99

12

Additioun to the act intitulate of the fugitevis suspect & summond of heresy.

Anent haifing the haly write baith the new testament and the auld in the vulgar toung.

Yol. II., p. 424 *

1542. Cap. 1

Of actiounis of tresoun againis the aris of persounis deceesit.

Ratification ofaueactbe the lordis of counsale tuiching the passing of all signettouris.

1543.

Dec. 3. Cap- 1

Parliamentum apud Edinburgh.

Act in favouris of thame that come to Striveling & Linlithgw for furth bringing of the quenis grace to the palice of the samyn.

Declaratioun of the expify of the pece & contract of meriage laitlie maid with the king of Ingland.

Anent the renewal of the ancient considerationis of amite with the kingis of Franco.

Anent ane gret consale to be chosyn to tret the gret materia of the realm.

6

Againis heretikis & thair dampnable opinionis incontra the fayth and lawis of haly kirk.

150

Ch. 38. Statute Law Revision (1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Record 12mo Edition. Edition.

Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1543. Deo. 3. Cap. 7

7, 8

1543. Cap. 1

Ratificatioun of the in3titutioun of the College of Justice. Certane Acts befor writtin red publist and pronuncit.

1545. Sept. 28. Cap. 1

19

2

3

4 — 5

1546. July 31. Cap. 9

, 10

Parliamentum apud Lynlytbgw.

Of thame that sittis under assurance of the king of Ingland now in tyme of weir.

Anent the laying of gerneissons in the bordouris.

Of ane taxt of sixtene thowsand pund for the furnessing of horsmen.

Auentis the dividing laying & ordouring of the horsmen apoun the bordouris.

Anent payment of the restis of the last taxt of xxvi. m. li.

Tniching the lordis that tuik upoun thame the keiping of our soverane ladeis persoun.

Anent the inbringin of the taxt.

Parliamentum apud Edinburgh.

Ratificatioun of the act anentis the taking of spirituale men thair houssis and places.

Grant be the clergy of ane taxt for the siege of the Castell of Sane-tandrois.

If

11

99

12

Anent the acceptance of the comprehensioun maid for this realm in the contract of pece betuix the king of Prance & the king of England.

Tuiching my lord Govemouris eldest sone withaldin in the castell of Sanctandrois.

13, 14

15

1546. Cap. 3

Ratificatioun of the act anentis the laying furth of tennentis be thair oure lordis.

Ratificatioun of the actis of dissolution of the meriage be the lordis that consentit not to the samyn in the first parliament.

Anent the ingetting of the contributioun grantit to the sete of sessioun.

1551. 1551.

May 29.

Cap. 1 Cap. 7

" 2, 8

, 3, 9

Parliamentum apud Edinburgh.

Anent thame that wilfullie incurris the panis of cursing and Ivis thairin be the space of ane yeir or ressaifes halie Sacrament under the said cursing.

Anent tratouris banist or fugitive without license respect remissiouu or supersedere that cummis and resortis agane within this Realme.

Anentis thame that schutis with gunnis at deir and wylde foulis.

1906.

Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1906. Ch. -38.

151

Record | Edition, j 12mo Edition.

1551. Teb. 1. Cap. 1 1551. Cap. 11

, 2, 12 '

3, 13

»» 4 j, 14

, 5, 15

.. 7 |, 16

8! i 17

, 9 j, 18

, 10 i

12 i, 20

, 13

, 14, 21

, 15

, 16

, 17 22

, 18, 23

, 19, 24

, 20

, 21

» 22, 25

» 23 '

, 24

, 25

, 26, 27

» 27

, 28

Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

Parliamentum apud Edinburgh.

For suppressing of derth of vivers and wynis.

Anent the execution of the act maid upone the prices of all wylde foulis & tame foulis.

The articles & pnnctis eoncludit upone assurit Scottismen with In gland.

The secund article upone assurit persounis.

The third article upone assurit persounis.

Anent aithis sweiring execratiounis & blasphematioun of the name of God.

Aganis persounis quhilkis makis perturbatioun in the kirk the tyme of devine service.

Anent persounis knawand thame selfis under the proces of cursing that onteris the kirk in the time of devine service.

Anent persounis under proces of curs in that compellis kirkmen to say messo in thair presence.

Anent oppin and incorrigibill adulteraris.

Anent the derth rasit in this realme be malt makaris.

Anent ferryaris.

Anent the slauchter of lambis lapronis and young poutis.

Ratificatioun of the actis for stanching of beggars with additioun.

• Ratificatioun of the actis aganis fals notaris with additioun.

Anent the exhorbitant prices rasit be craftismen.

For executioun of the act concerning notaries with additioun.

; Anent the slaying of hairis in forbodin tyme.

I

j Anent thame that slais dais or rais.

Anentis the eschewing of derth .& the ordouring of everie mannis hous in his coursis and discheis of meit.

Anentis paking and peling.

Aganis regrataris & foirstellaris of mercatis.

Anent the having of quhite fische furth of the realme.

That prentaris prent na bukis without ane license.

Of letters to the maist Christian King in favouris of Monsieur D’Oscl his ambaxatour.

Ratificatioun of the contract maid betuix iny Lord Governour & Schir James Hammiltoun of Craufurde Johne knycht.

15£ Ch. 38.

Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1905. 6 Edw. 7.

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1551. Feb. 1. Cap. 29, 30 1551. Cap. 10 Ratificatioun of the act maid betuix the querns grace mother to our soverane lady & my lord Govemouris grace. Act of Registratioun in the bukis of Counsall of certane articlis.

1555. Jane 20. Cap. 1 1555. Parliamentum apud Edinburgh. Of the freedom© of halie kirk.

, 2 Coj). 25 Anent the making & delivering of reversiounis.

, 4, 31 Anent the additioun maid to the act of slauchters.

* > 5, 32 Anent proces to be had aganis persounis passand furth of the realme.

" 6, 33 The ordour for summoning of parteis to compeir befoir the justice or others jugeis. In part, namely: From " thairefter oppin proclamatioun *’ to the end.

, 7, 34 Anent the giving of sessingis.

, 9, 36 Anent the eitting of fiesche in lentrene & uthers dayis forbiddin.

, 10, 37 | Anent reversiounis for redemption & outquyting of landis.

, 11, 38 Anent resignatiounis of lordis ad perpetuam remanentiam.

, 13 Anent the punischement of slauchters daylie committit of parteis persewand & defendand thair actiounis.

99 14, 40 Anent the having of victuallis talloun or fiesche furth of the realme.

, 15, 41 Anent the cumming to the bar for defence or persute in criminall causis.

, 16, 42 Anent the ressaving of nulliteis be way of exceptiounis or replyis. In part, namely: From " Proudying alwayis " to end.

, 9 17, 43 Anent liggis & bandis of manrent and mantenance.

, 9 18, 43 Anent the admissioun of notaris, the examining and marking of their protocoil bukis and the geving of instrumentis be notaris.

, 19, 45 Anent the carrying of woll or uther stapill gudis customabill furth of this realme.

20 Auent the making of an universall wecht & ane universall mesoure.

, 1, 46 Anent the giving of sesingis upone preceptis that passis not furth of the chancellarie.

, 22, 47 Anent the punischement of fals witnes.

9, 24, 49 Ratificatioun of the priviligeis & actis of Parliament in favouris of burrowis.

, 25 , 9 51 Anent the executioun of the actis maid for the stanching of the slaying of wylde foulis and wylde beistis with additioun. In part, namely: To " this additioun, '’ from " and that na pertrik " to " Michael-mes, " and from " and x pund " to the end.

1906.

Statute Law Revision (Scotland) 1906. Ch. 38.

153

Record

Edition.

12mo

Edition.

Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1555. 1555.

June 20.

Cap. 26 | Cap. 52

27

28

29

30

31

32

33

34

35

36

37

38

39

40

41

1557. Dec. 14. Cap. 1

, 2

, 3

, 4

» 5

, 6

53

54

55

56

57

53

59

60 61

28

1557. Cap. 62

, 63

, 64

Anent the dischargeing of dekinnis of craftis &; for chesing of visitouris. j

Anent commoun hie gaittis for passage fra burrowis or cnmming thairto.

Anent_ the discharge of exactiounis upon the burrowis of the west partis for making of hering.:

Anent the proces upon kirkmen for non payment of tjheir taxtis.

Anent the slaaing of lambis. ’

Anent feryaris. j

Anent the slaaing of pontis. j

Anentis planting of woddis forrestis orchardis & parkis.

Anent the fraude done be goldsmythis. j

Anent the dispositioun of wyne salt and tymmer brocht in to the realme. j

j

Anent the executioun of the aclis anentis the steiling of halkis hundis perfcrikis dukis & slaughter of dais rais hunting >of deir taking'of cnningis and foulis. j

Anent the executioun of the act anentis the cummmg of schippis to fre burrowis at the west seyis with additioun. ! i

i .,; ,

Anent the executioun of the act for stanching of maisterfull beggaris.

Aganis thame that rasis murmuris sclanders & seditioun betuix the liegis of this realme and the maist Christin Kingis liegis.

Anent the chesing of sic ane personage as Robert Hude Lytill Johno Abbottis of unressonn or Quenis of Maij.

Registratioun of our Soverane Ladyis revocation subscrivit with hir hienes hand at Fontane Bellew of the date the xxv day of Api in the yeir of God ane thousand fyve hundreth fyftie fyve yeiris.

Parliamentum apnd Edinburgh, j *

Anent the ransounis of the commissionaris to pas in France in cais ony of thaim be taikin. !

Dispositioun of the wairdis mariageis nonentres benefices takkis vacand throuch the deceis of ony of the saidis commissionaris.

! i

ii

Supersedere of all actiounis againis the saidis commissionaris. '

j 1

Anent the finding of cautioun in materis of improbationn.

Anent the probatioun of exceptiounis.

The expensis of pley to be taxt & soutnit in the principal! decrettis.

154

Ch. 38Statute Lavj Revision (Scotland) Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1558. Nov. 29 Cap. 1 Parliamentum apad Edinburgh. Approbatioun exoneratioun & discharge of the commissionaris to our soverane lady anentis hir manage with the Dolphine of France.

, 2 Exoneratioun & discharge of thetsaidis commissionaris of thair offices tuiching certane articlis concerning James duke of Chatellarault.

, 3 Consent of the estatis that hir hienes may honour hir spous the King Dolphine with the crowne matrimoniale.

, 4 Of the maner & forme of all letteris quhatsumevir that sail pas the seilis during the tyme of the manage betuix the king and the quene Dolphine.

, 5, 6 1558. Cap. 65 Of the maner and forme of the commissioun to be maid tuiching the crowne matrimoniale. Anent ane letter of naturalitie to the maist Christin king of France subjectis being or eal happin to be in the realme of Scotland.

, 7 Anept the expeding of letteris of gift & utheris letteris.

1560. Aug. 1. Cap. 3 Parliament apud Edinburgh. I Anent the abolitioun of Idolatrie and of all Acts contrair to the confessioun of fayth publyst in this Parliament.

, r 4 Anent the Abolition of the mess.,

1563. June 4. Cap. 1 1563. Cap. G7 Parliamentuni: apud Edinburgh. The Act of Oblivioun.

, 2 Exceptiounis from the forsaid Act of Oblivioun.

, 3, 68 Ratificationn of the Act of King James IV. anent cruivis & fische dammis with additioun: In part, namely: From " and for executioun of" to the end.

M 4 69 Ratificationn of all actis maid of befoir anentis the carying & away taking of gold & silver forth of this realme — with additioun.

>» 5, 70 Ratificationn of all actis made of befoir tuiching the hamebringing of fals cuinyie within this realme & anentis the makaris & forgearis of fals cuinyie — with additioun.

, 6 Ratificatioun of the Act for repressing of derth of victuallis — with additioun.

, 7, 71 Anent ane new maner of making of salt.

, io tt 74 Anentis notoure & manifest adulterie.

, 11, 75 Anentis the raising of bandis of men of weir.

, 12, 76 Anentis the upholding & reparelling of paroche kirkis & kirk yairdis of the samin for buriall of the deid.

, 13 h 77 Anent the lauchfull poseessouris tenneptis & occupyaris of kirk landis & the setting of kirk lands in few or lang takkis for thre yeris next to cum.

155

1900. Statute Law Revision (Act, 1906. Ch. 38.

Record Edition. 12 mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1563. Jane 4. Cap. 14 i |; \ Anent mesouris &Wechtis. ' i

, 15, 16 !• i 1563. Cap. 78 Anent the schuting of deir and uther wylde beistis & wylde foulis. Dispensationn with the actis maid of befoir anentis the admissionn of notaris.

, 18, 80 Anent the geving of sesingis.

, 19, 81 Anent resignationnis be vassallis of thair.proprieteis in the superionris handis ad perpetnam remanentiam.

, 20, 82 Anent the warning of burrowis to conventiounis to conclude upono peaxe or weir or for granting of general 1 taxatiounis.

» 21 83 For stancheing and suppressing of tumultis within burrowis.

, 22 00 •% Anent the transporting of coillis forth of the realme.

23 85 1 That beif muttoun veill & lvke bestiall be brocht to mercatis with hyde skin & bime.

.. 24 , .86 Ratificatioun of actis, statutis, privelegeis & immnniteis grantit iu fayouris of the burrowis. 1 1

, 25 Anent the abusioun of the letters of marque grantit upon the King of Portingall.

, 26 Anent ane commissioun to visie the collegeis of Sanctandros & utheris within their realme & to reporte to the nixt parliament.

, 27 [f Of an ambassadour to be sende to the King of Demark.

1564. Deo. 15. Cap. 1 f 1564. Cap. 87 Parliamentum apud Edinburgh. Declaratioun of our soverane ladyis lauchfull & perfy te age.

o ft, 88 Anent confirmatiounis of infeftmentis of few-fermo of kirklandis.

1567. Apr. 14. Cap. 1 2 1567. Cap. 31 Parliamentum apud Edinburgh. The erle of Mar his discharge off the castell of Edinburgh. Act concerning the Religioun.

, 7 Act anent the decisioun of materis concerning the law of obliyioun.

, 8 Anentis the makaris and upsettaris ef plackardes and billis.

JAMES VI.

1567. Dec. 15. Cap. 1 *, 2 1567. Cap. 1 Parliamentum apud Edinburgh. Anent the dimissioun of the Crowne in favouris of our Soverane lord and his Majesteis coronatioun. Anent the constitutioun of James erle of Murray in regent to our Soverane lord his realme a, nd liegis.

156 Ch. 38.

Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repaal.:

1567. Dec. 15. 1567.

Cap. 3 Cap. 2 Anent the abolissing of the Pope and his nsarpit anbhoritie.

» 4 3 Anent the annulling of the actis of Parliament maid agannis Goddis word and mantenanco of idolatrie in ony tymes by past. The Confessionn of the faith and doctrine belevit and professit be the Protestantis of the Real me of Scotland exhibitit to the estatis of the same in Parliament and by thair public votis authorisit as a doctrine gronndit upon the infallibil word of God.

5» 5, 5 Anent the raesse abolischit and punisching of all that heiris or sayis the samin.

, 6, 6 Anent the trew and haly kirk and of thame that ar declarit not to be of the samin.

, 7 7 Anent the admissioun of thame that sal be presentit to benefices havand cure of ministerie.

, 9, 9 Anentis thame that suld beir publict office heirefter.

, 10 10 Anent thriddis of benefices grantit in the moneth of December the yeir of God 1561 yeiris for sustening of the Ministeris and uther effairis of the Prince.

, 11, 11 Anent thame that salbe teicheris of the youth in sculis.

>. 12 Anent the jurisdictioun of the kirk. In part, namely: From " And forther " to the end.

» 13, 12 Anent the dispositionn of the provestreis, prebendareis, and chap-lanereis to bursaris to be fundit in collegeis.

, H, 13 Anent the fylthie vico of fomicaticun and punisehement of the samin.

, 15, 14 Anent thame that committis incest. In part, namely: The words " to the deith."

, 17, 18, 16 Ane»t slaying of hart hynde and utheris beistis and foulis with culveringis. Anent the act of Parliament maid of befoir of the aeclaratioun of our soverane lordis motheris perfyto age.

, 19, 20 Anent the retention of our soverane lordis motheris person. The declaratioun of Parliament maid to the laird of Lochlevin anent the keiping of the Kingis mother in the house and fortalice of Lochlevin.

, 21, 17 Anent cunye.

» 23 18 Anent schuiting and beiring of culveringis and daggis.

, 24, 25, 19 1 Anent fals cunye. Ane commissioun to certaine lordis of the estatis to considder sik articklis as is committit to thame and to report the Ramin againe in the nixt Parliament.

‘1906.

‘ Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 190C. Ch. 38.

157

Record Edition. 12mo Edition.

1567. Dee. 15. Cap. 26 1567. Cap. 20

, 27, 21

00, 22

, 29

, 30, 23

, 31, 24

, 32, 25

CO CO, 26

, 31 27

, 35

, 36, 28

, 37 29

, 38, 30

, 39, 32

, 40, 33

1571. Aug. 28. Cap. 1 1571. Cap. 34

, 2, 35

, 3

* , 36

» 37

7

» 8, 39

Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

Approbatioun of giftis of benefices and pensiounis sen the moneth of August 1560 yeiris grantit and gevin be our soverane lordis mother.

Anent thiffc and resset of thift takin of the presouaris be thevis, or bandis for ransounis, and punischemont of the samin.

That na hors be caryit furth of the realm e as commoun merchandice.

Anent the residence and sitting of the Lordis of Sessioun for adminia-tratioun of Justice.

Anent giftis of escheit.

Anent priviligeis grantit to kirkmen.

The ratificatioun of the privilegeis of the barronis.

Anent the privilege granted to burrows.

Anent geving of sesingis within burgh.

Anent the demolischeing of the castell of Dunbar and fort of lnchkeith.

Anent the declaratioun to the Commissaris how thay sail proceide in bcncficiall materis.

Anent the dekinnis of maltmen.

Anent blak fische, cutting of grene wod, and slauchter of smoltis.

Anent the prenting of the actis maid in this present Parliament and of the act maid in our soveranes grandschiris tyme, anent the raising of fyre and birning.

Anent the raising of fyre and birning.

Parliamentum apud Striviling.

Anent the nomination electioun acceptatioun and approbatioun of my lord of Mar in regent.

Ratificatioun and approbatioun of the actis and statutis maid of befor anent the fredome and libertie of the tr3W kirk of God.

Ratificatioun of the domes decretis and utheris led and pronuncit in the last parliament haldin at Edinburgh in Maii last bipast.

Anent nlienationis resignationis and utheris maid or to be maid be ony person is convict or that sal happin to be convict of the slauchteris of our Soverane lordis fader or regentis.

Anent the vassallis and fre tenentis of sic as ar forfaltit in this parliament.

Anent the fredome and privelegeis of bnrrowis.

Anent alienationis resignationis and utheris dispositionis maid and gevin be ony personis burgessis and inhabitantis of Edinburgh or ony utheris* burrowis within this reelme that hes maid defectioun fra the kingis auctoritie.

15$ Ch. 38.

Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Jet, 1906. C Ed, w. 7.

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1571. Aug. 28. Cap. 9 1571. Cap. 40 That na sebippis saill without our Soverane lordis coquet.

, 10:j Anent herauldis masaris pursevantis and utheris officiaris that servifc aganis our Soverane lord and his aactoritie.

, 15 Anent the reformatioun of the chapel riall of Strireling.

18 | |, 41 Anent kirkmen that happinis to be slane in our soverane lordis service In defence of his hieness auctorite.

, 19, 42 Anent the ward reloif and meriage of thame that sal happin to be slane in our Soverane lordis service In defence of his Majesteis auctorite.

, 20, 43 Anent possessiounis.

tt21 Anent a commissioun for treating with the quenis Maiestie of Ingland.

1572. Jan. 26. Cap. 1 1572. Cap. 44 Parliamentum apud Edinburgh. Anent the approbatioun and eonfirmatioun of the regiment.

- 2, 45 Anent the trew and haly kirk.

» 3, 46 That the adversareis of Christis evangell sail not injoy the patrimonie of the kirk.

- 4 | 47 Anent the disobedientis quhilkis salbe ressavit to our Soverane lordis mercy and pardoun.

... 5, 48 The explanatioun of the act maid anent mansis and glcibis. In part, namely: From " And quhair ony personis" to the end.

9> 0 I ! Anent the ostablishing of the regiment in case at Goddis plesure that charge yit vaik during the kingis majesteis minorilie.

" ! Tuiching the recovering and collecting of the kingis Majesteis jowcllis and movables.

.. 8 49 Anent the possessouris of benefices pensionis poitionis and utheris spirituall rentis lyand at the horne attour the space of yeir and day.

. r, 9 ', 50 Approbatioun of the actis and procedingis done in name and , bo authoritie of our Soverane lord and of the inyaliditie of all thingis j attemptit in name or be culour of ony uther authoritie sen his . hienes coronatioun.

t» li Anent the inhabitantis of Edinburgh.

-, '12 51 | Anent purchessing of the Papis bullis or giftis of the quene our Soverano lordis mother.

, 13 !, 52 1 Ane approbatioun of the act maid anent the dispositioun of benefices to the ministeris of Christis Evangell.

, 14, 53 Anent thame that snstenis the proces of excommunicatioun.

, 15, 54 Anent the reparatioun of the Paroche Kirkis. In part, namely:, From " with this additioun " to the end.

159

1900. Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1906. Ch. 38.

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1573. Apr. 30. 1573. Parliamentum apud Halyrudhous.

Cap. 1 Cap. 55 Anent tbame that divertis fra utheris being joynit of bofoir in lanchfull mariage. In part, namely:From "That than the husband" to "for adherence. And, " and from " bot that the sentence " to " anis being pronuncit."

, 2 Anent the hamebringing of wyne and prices thairof.

, 3, 56 Anent the transporting of salt furth of this realme.

, 4 57 Anent the measure of salmond and hering barrellis.

», S8 Anent the annuollis to be pay it of brant and demolischit houses and tenementis within the burgh of Edinbugh Cannogait and ntheris suburbis thairabout the time of thir lait troublis.

, o; ...59 Anent the transporting of forbiddin gudis out of this realme.

, 7 ., 60 i Anent the slauchter of hering and qubyte fische and using of the samin thairefter.

1578. 1578. Parliamentum apud Striviling.

July 25.

Cap. 1 The declaratioun off the king and cstaitis of the fredome of this

parliament.

, 2 The ratifieatioun of the acccptationn of the regiment wpoun the kingis majestic in his aw no persoun.

, 3 Cap. 61 The ratifieatioun of the libertie of the trew kirk of God and religioun.

, 4 The nominatioun and electioun of the kingis majesteis counsall.

»> 5 Anent the visitatioun of the universiteis and coll9gis.

, 7, 63 Anent the visitatioun of the ho3piiallis.

» 12, 65 The ratifieatioun of ane act maid of befoir anent the alienatioun of landis and dimissioun of benefices be thame that sail happin to be convict or ar of the mnrtheris of our Soverane lordis fader and of his twa regentes.

., 15, 67 Ane act anent the carcing of fiesche furth of this realme in schippis

under cullour of victualling.

, 16 Ane act anent changing of vacance.

, 17 Ane commissioun to certane noblemen to treat with the lordis of

Sessionn upoun the confirmatioun of testamentis andj placing of commissaris.

, 18 Ane uther commissioun to treat uponn the lawe3.

, 19 Anent the polioie of the kirk.

, 23 Ane act maid anent cunyie.

, '.24 Ane act anent the taxatioun of ten tliowaand markis to the beting of the brig of Tay.

160

Ch. 38. Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1578. July 25. Cap. 33 s i Ane act concerning recognitioun of landis within the burgh remittit to the lordis appointit for viseing of the laws.

1579. Oct. 20. 1579. i Parliamentum apud Edinburgh.

Cap. 7 Cap. 69 Anent the jurisdictioun of the kirk. In part, namely: From " And further onr Soverane " to the end.

, 9, 71 Anent the youth and uthcris beyond sey suspectit to hare declinit 1‘rome the trew religioun.

v 10, 72 That honsehaldaris have bybillis and psalme buikis.

.. 11 73 For releiff of the laboraris of the ground troublit for want of tymous teynding of thair cornis.

, 12 ! •j 74 For punishment of the strong and ydle bcggaris and releif of the pure and impotent.

.. 13 tt75 For punishment of person is that contempnandlie remanis rebellis and at the home. In part, namely: — To "remeid thairfoir" and from " And that ilk soherref" to the end.

, 14, 76 For remeid of the fraudo and disordour usit amangis officiaris of armes in executioun of criminall lettres.

15, 77 That the panes of lauburrowis salbe div'idit betuix the king and the pairty offendit unto.

, 17, 79 Anent the cheising of inquestis in caussis of pcrambnlatioun.

, 18, 80 Anent the inserting of witnesses in obligationis and writtis of importance. In part, viz.: The words " and seillit."

.. 22, 84 Anent the aestroyaris of planting hanyng and policie.

, 23, 85 Ratificatioun of the privilegis of burrowis.

, 24, 86 Anent packing peiling forstalling and transporting of hering and quheit iische.

« 25, 87 For executioun of the Act of Parliament maid anent bering wering and schuting of culveriDgis and daggis.

, 26 ... 88 For pwniscliement of Regrataris and foirstallaris.

, 27, 89 Anent the distructioun of cruris and yairis slaughter of reid fische and smoltis bo wandis or utherwyse.

, 28, 90 Anent the transporting of coillis furth realme.

29 30 31, , 91 For pwnischement of thame that tynis the pley within burgh Ratificatioun of our soverane lordis revocatioun off feis and pensionis. Anent our soverane lordis counyie. i

1906. Statute. Law Revision(Scotland) Act, 1906. Ch. 38. 161

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1579. Oct. 20. Cap. 32 J579. Anent the establischeing of the kingis Majesteis Connsale.

33 Anenfc the dispositioun of the landis and lcvingis of the forfaltifc personi3.

, 34 Cap. 93 Anent the Scottis men using the privilegis of this natioun in the law countreis undir the king of Spanis dommionis.

, 35, 97 For avoidance of the great nowmer of fremen sail and in the law cuntreis.

, 36 Commissioun for taking ordour incertane articlis be the lordis of privie counsalc.

, 33 93 Anent the ndmissiomi of the ordiner lordis of the Sessioun and Reformatioun of certane abuses. S In part, namely: From " And in caise that" to the end.

, 41 Exoneratioun of thingis done in the'government of the erle of Murray regent.

, 45, 94 Declaratioun Anent the preving of letteris of hornyng and executiounis thairoff be witnesses. In part, namely: j To " sene and considerit, " and from " and that but prejudice " to the end.

, 54 Approbatioun of the act maid anent prooeiding in the kingis majestios name.

, 55 Act in favouris of oure sovcrane lordis trew and faythfull subjectis quhilkis has constantlie remanit at his bieness obedience.

, 50 Anent the making of aquavitie.

, 57 Commissioun to decide the antiquitie and prioritie amangis the burrowis.

, 58, 98 For instructioun of the youth in musik.

1581. Oct. 24. Cap. 1 1581. Cop. 99 Parliamenlum apud Edinburgh. The ratiticatioun of the libertie of the trew kirk of god and religioun with confirmatioun of the lawis and actis maid to that effect of before.

, 2, 100Anent provisioun of ministeris and certane stipendis forthame at all parocbe kirkis and appointing of Commissioneris for ordering ihairof. In part, namely: From " And that all kirkis" to the end.

, 3 101 Againis dilapidations of rentis of benefices providit to ministeris in title for thair liftymes.

* 102 That ministeris salbe presentit bo the kingis majestie and the lawit patroDis to all benefices of cuir under prelacyis.

»* 5, 103 For punishment of the blasphemy of goddis name and utueris horrifeill ait his.

162

Ch. 38. Statute Law revision (Scotland) Act, 1900., 6 Edw. 7.

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. | Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1681. Ocfc. 24. Cap. t> 1581. Cap. 104 Aganis passing in pilgramage to chapellis wellis and croces and the* superstitious observing of diverse uther papisticall rytes.

>, 7, 105 The explanatioun of the act tuiching the notoure and manifest committaris of adaltarie.

, s, 106 Aganis fugitivis and utheris papistis practising aganis the trevr religioun.

» 9 Commissioun to certane of everie estait with the kingis majesteia officiaris to treato and conclude on certane articles and supplica-tionnis eftir the end of this present parliament.

, io, 106 Anent the cunyie.

, 11 107 Ratificatioun of the actis anent the inbringing of bulyeoun.

, 12 108 Anent the dew payment of the kingis majesteis custumcs.

, 13, 109 For the suirtie of thame that assegit houssis be the kingis ’commissioun in his hines minoritie.

, 14, no Aganis the schamefull oppreBsioun of slaying and hocking of oxin and horses.

, 15, 111 For executioun of the actis maid anent casting doune and halding doun of cruvis and yairis and punischement of the transgressouris thairof slauchter of reid fische and of the fry of all fische.

, 16, 112 Additioun to the actis maid aganis notorious theiffis and soirnaris of clannis.

, 17 Commissioun for reformatioun of the hospitallis raasondewis almous-houssis and beid houssis and reducing thame to thair first institn-tioun.

, 18, 113 Aganis the excesse of costlie cleithing and transporting of woll quhairby the pure may be the better haldin to werk.

>1 19 114 Aganis superfluus banquetting and the inordinate use of confectouris and droggis.

20 115 Ratificatioun of the Act of Parliament concerning the decisioun of appellationis maid be the court of Rome.

, 21, 116 Aganis the abuse of some landit gentilmen and utheris forbeiring to keep hous at thair awin duelling places.

22 117 Additioun to the Act of lawborrois. In part, namely: To " Innocents Quhair foir " and the words "Lordis of Sessioun or utheris."

, 23 118 Anent deforcementis breiking of arreistmentis and alienatiouns maid in defralud of creditouris. In part, viz.: To "For Remid quhairof, " and from "and siclike for" to the end.

, 24, U9 Anent registratioun of Inhibitionis and Interdictionis.

.. 25 Vol. I., p. 466. Ratificatioun of the act anent prescriptioun in causis of spuilzeis and ejectionis.

1006.

Statute Law Revision (Scotland)<Ac£, 1906* Ch. 38.

163

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1581. Oct 24. Cap. 27 1581. Cap. 120 Anent the cuming of schippis to the burrowis of the west cuntrie.

, 28 121 Anent the setting of ordoure and price on all staf.

, 29, 122 Anent the halding of horsis at hard meit be cowparis.

, 30, 123 For executioun of the actis maid aganis schuting with gunnis at wylde beistis and fowlis.

, 31, 121 Aganis the transporting of nolt and scheip forth of the realme.

, 32, 125 Aganis the nnlawfull taking of profite be capitanis and keiparis of oure souverane lordis castellis.

» 33 126 For punishment of the fraudfnll mixioun of the wynis be the tavernaris and sellar is thairof and utheris thair abuses *

, 34, 37, 128 Additionn to the act of disherising of the posteritie of the personis foirfaltit for the murthuris of the king oure sorerane lordis father and his twa regentis. Anent the proclamatioun of the actis of parliament.

, 38 Anent the establishing of the kingis majesteis oounsale.

, 39, 40 Ordoure how the kingis majestie salbe releifeit of importune and untymous suitters. Anent the discharging off factoreis.

, 42 Anent the taxatioun of wardlandis.

, 65 Ratificatioun grantit to the Lordis of sessioun of thair commissioun-for ordour taking with the commissaris.

, 68 The revocations of the propertie casualitie with exceptionis furth of the same and first revocatioun of the propertie.

, 69 The revocatioun of the casual iteis.

». 70 The revocatioun of the colleotorie.

1584. Mai. 19. Cap. 1 Pari i amen turn apud Edinburgh. Anent the libertie of the preching of the trew word of Gol and administratioun of the Sacramentis.

, 3, «, 7, 8 1584. Cap. 130 182, 184 Anent the auctoritie of the thrie estatis of Parliament. Ane Act establissing the forme of jugement anent the depositioun and deprivatioun of ministeris and' utheris benefeceit personis fra thair benefices for worthie causis. Ane act ratefeand the declaratour of the kingis majestie and his estatis tneching the tresonnable attempt aganis his hienes at Ruthven and concerning the lait rebellion and ayderis thairof. Ane act for punishment of the authoris of the slanderous and nntrew calnmneis spokin aganis the kingis majestie hib counsell and pro-cedingis or to the dishonour and prejudice of his hienes his parentis progenitouris cronu and estate.

164

Ch. 38.

Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal. 1

1584. Mai. 19. Cap. 9 1584. Ane act ratefeing and approving the procedingis of the kingis majestie his counsall and of Hciaris in the tryall prosecutioun and punisment of the lait rebellioun attemptat aganis his hienes and his auctoritie. i

, 10 1 j Ane act for annulling ccrtane alienationis provisionis and dispositions 1 maid in prejudice of the kingis majesties eschaet. 1

, 11 Cap. 135 1 Aganis reductioun of foirfaltnris for nullitie of proces, and that nane travell or give counsell to that effect without speciall warrand of the kingis majestie and estatis in parliament.

, 12, 136 Aganis the granting of respettis and remissionis for slauchteris fire raising and utheris odious crymis to be committit eftir the dait heiroff.

13, 437 Ane act tueoheing the provisioun to his hienes of a gard and suir pament of thair ordinare wages.

, 14 , > 138 Ane act anent slauchter and trubling maid be parties in persute and defence of thair action is.

, 16 Ane act approving the constitutioun of certane the kingis majesties officiaris of the estate.

, 17, 140 Additioun to the actis maid of befoir anent the cumming to courtis and compering at the bar in sober maner in persute and defence of criminall caussis.

, 19, 21, 141, 142 Anent the gage and standert of salmound hering and quheit fische and principal! stapillis thairof. For explicatioun of the act maid befoir for punishment to rebellis contempnantile remanand at the home.

, 22 j Ane act for suir assignatioun and pament of the levingis and stipendis appointit for the ministeris of Goddis word and eschewing of the abuse of diuersitie of prices.

, 24 Ane act anent the arreisting intromissioun and sequestrationn of the eschaet guidis and debtis of the rebellis befoir they be convict or put to the horn. '

, 26 . Ane act of ratificatioun of the kingis majesteis lait Bevocatioun.

, 27 Ane act anent the reformatioun of the College of Justice.

, 28 Approbatioun of the lait cunyie of allayit money.

, 29 Ane act for ane new cunyie of gold.

1584. Parliamentum Apud Edinburgh.

Aug. 20. Cap. 2 Ane act for ane uniforme ordour to be observitbe the beneficit men ministeris reiddaris and maisteris of collegia and scuilis in obedience of the kingis majesteis lawis and thair oidinaris.

, 3, 1 Ane act for annulling of the successoris of prelaciis purchest of his hienes in the trublous tymis by past of his yung aige.

» 3, 6 Anent the dissolutioun of the unioun of landis annexed to the Croun to be sett be our soverane lord in fewferme.

/190G.

Statute Law Revision Scotland, 190G. Ch. 38,

165

Record

Edition.

12mo

Edition.

Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1584. Aug. 20. Cap. 6

, 7

, 8 12 13

it 14

, 15, 16 20

1585. Deo*. 1. Cap. 1

, 2, 3

, 4

, 5

, 7

.. 8

10

11

12

1584. Cap. 2

1585. Cap. 10

, 11

, 13

, 19

, 14, 16

Anent landis lordschipis heretages takis and possession is of landis and teyndis cnmand in our eoverane lordis handis be foirfaltour and qubairof the evidentis and rychtis of the personis foirfaltit ar maliciuslie abstractit in defraude of his hienes.

Act in favour of our soverane lordis thesaurare and his deputt concerning factoriis of the landis and possessions of the personis suspectit and delaitit of treasoun.

Act for confirmatioun of the lewis of kirklandis alsweill of auld as new.

Ane act prohibiting the eatting of flesche thrio dayis everie oulk.

Act ratefeing all former actis maid for transporting forbodin guddis out of this realme.

Ratificatioun of the libertie of burrowis in generall.

Act ratefeing the act of parliament maid of befoir anent the exces of coistlie clething.

Commissioun to ccrtane of everie estate with the kingis majesties officiaris to proceid in discussing of the remanand summondis of treasoun and of the orticlis and supplicationis now presentit.

Ratificatioun of the kingis majesteis revocatioun with additionis and exceptions specifiit thairin.

Parliamentum apud Linlythgow.

Ane act aganis the authouris of slaunderous spechis or writtis.

In part, viz.:

The words " under the pane of deid"; and from "and the said pane of deid " to the end.

Ane act for the better executioun of our soverane lordis lawis and actis of parliament.

Ane act anent feis of the scillis and chalmer and subscriptioun of the officiaris.

Ane act anent the alteratioun of the tymes of sitting of the college of justice.

Ane act aganis dilapidatioun of benefices.

Ane act for reformatioun of ccrtane abases in dircctioun of lettres.

Ane act ratefeing the formare act of parliament maid anent discharge of infeftmentis and sowmes of money oblist for deliverie of castellis.

Ane act interpreting the act of parliament maid of befoir anent dowble poyndingis.

Ane act for establishing of the kingis Majesties previe counsall.

Ane act in favouris of the burrowis anent the paking and peling of fisches.

Ane act anent transporting of forbiddin guidis.

166

Ch. 3$. Statute Laiv Revision () Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1585. Dec. 1. 1585.

Cap. 13 Cap. 16 Additioun to the act anent thevis and soirneris of clannis.

, 14 Ane act in favour of the tennentis qubahes maid payment to factouris.

» 15 That the act of parliament laitly maid anent the confirmationn of fewis of kirkland sail not preScrivo aganis minoris for the space of ane yeir heireftir.

» 16, 20 That all lottres be presentit to be subscrivit be the kingis majestie and be the ordinar officiaris.

.* 17 Anent the office of chan cel larie.

, 18 Batificatioun of the assent of the estaitis for treating and concluding of a league with the qnene of England.

19 License gevin to the advocatis to treat and consult with the personis foirfaltit anent thair restitutioun.

20, 17 The kingis Majesties revocatioun of his hienes propertie the lord Dingweil erle of Orkney and Williame Murray exceptit.

, 24 Act for repossessioun of ministaris and maisteris of collegis and senilis.

, 25, 18 Declaratioun of the Lord Hamilton To be curatour to the erle of Arrane his brother. In part, namely; From " And soing his hienes " to the end.

, 74 Anent commissionaris of the schyres to be send to the Parliament.

1587. July 8. 1587. Parliamentum apud Halyrudhous.

Dap. 1 Cap. 22 Declaratioun of oure Soverane Lordis perfite aige.

, 2, 23 Batificatioun of the libertie of the kirk of God.

, 3, 24 Anent tryall and punishement of the offences of the adversaria of the trew religioun presentlie professit within this realme.

.4, 25 Agasis sellaris and dispersaris of papisticall and erroneous buikis.

, 5, 26 Beleif of the ministrie of the first fructis and fyft penny of all

benefices of cuir under prelaciis.

, 7, 28 Anent proceiding in deprivatioun for the causis of dilapidatioun.

, 9 Commissioun anent the cunye.

, Iio Commissioun for the taxatioun to be grantit qnhen it sail pleis that oure Soverane lord sail treat and conclude uponn his manage.

, 11 Commissioun toward the establishing of ane universall mett mesour and weent.

, r 12 1 | Commissioun for satisfactioun of the clorgio for thair lyverentis.

i < 14, 31:The Kingis Majesties generall revocatioun.

15, 32 | For explanatioun of the Commissioun gevin to proceid aganis non rosidentis.

1906. Statute Law Revision (Scotland)'Act, 1900. Ch. 38. 167

Record

Edition.

12mo

Edition.

Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1687. July 8. Cap. 16

, 17

, 18

, 19

, 20

, 21

, 23

, 24

; >• 25

, 26

27

, 28, 29 . 30

31

32

33

34

35

36

38

39

40

41

42

44

45

1587.

Cap.

33-40

42

43

44

45

46

47

48

49

50 \

51/

52

53

>, 55, 56, 57, 58, 60

L 99

Anent the Parliament.

Aganis querrelling for prioritie of place or vote ih parliament. Commissioun anent prioritie of places and voiting in parliament.

Anent oure sorerane lordis privio conn sail.

Act in favour of the sessioun for ratiftoatioun of thair privileges.

Act in favour of sic of the lordis of sessioun as sail becum ageit and unhable.

Hatificatioun of the act of the lordis of counsail and sessioun anent procciding in caussis of molcstatioun.

Aganis wilfull and malitious pleyaris.

Anent the sitting and vacance of tho sessioun.

Act of certane materis remittit to the lordis of counsall and sessioun.

Act remitting the interpretatioun of the law of oblivioun to the lordis of sessioun.

Act of certane materis remittit to the secreit counsall.

For remcid of tho falsset and ignorance of sindrio notaris.

For reformatioun of the extraordiner nowmer and monyfauld abuses of offioiaris ol* armes.

In part, namely:

From " For triall qlkis " to " during thair lyftymes "; and from " letteres to be direct " to " in default thairof. And ".

Aganis supersedereis.

Act in favour of the laubouraris of the ground troublit be teynding. Anent accusatioun in crymes of tressoun.

Ccrtatie crymes doclairit to be tressoun in tyme curning.

Act concerning the punisement of usury.

For stancheing of derth and first for making of the prices of wyne and tymmer.

For punishement of foirstalleris and regraiteris.

Aganis transporting of victuallis or keping of the same to derth.

Aganis keeping of horssis at hard meit in symmer.

Anent victualling of schippis passand to the north fischeingis.

Aganis eiting of flesche in lentron and utbier dayes forbiddin.

Anent proclamatioun for serving of breves.

Act in favour of personis that hes maid payment bona fide to facto uris.

168

Ch. 38. _ Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7 '

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1587. July 8. Cap. 46 1587. Act authorizand the subscriptionis of commendataris allane that wanti s conventis.

, 47 Cap. 61 Act in favour of laic patronis for redemtioun of thair patronages.

, 48, 62 Anent counterfait and invalide giftis of pension is.

, 49, 63 Anent our souerane lordis chokker.

, 60, 64 Anent the presenting of seisingis yeirlie to the chekker.

, 51 Act of certane matcris remittit to the chekker.

i» 52, 65-69 Concerning oure souerane lordis propirtie.

>> 63 Anent the wodseting of the kingis propertie.

, 54, 70-81 For the help and augmentatioun of the Kingis Majesties rentis in his thesaurarie and casualities. In part, namely: Secs. 1-7, 9, and 11-15.

9 9 55 Act in favour of the thesaurair anent expeding of ratificatiounis.

, 56 For universall concord amangis the kingis liegis.

, 67, 82-92 For the furtherance and furthsetting of the criminall justice over all the realme. In part, viz.: Secs. (l)-(9) inclusive.

, 59 , 93-110 For the quieting and keping in obedience of the disorderit subjcctia inhabitantis of the bordouiis hielandis and ilis.

» 60 Ratificatioun of the pacificatioun restitutioun and abolitioun grantifc to oure soverane lordis liegis at divers parliamentis befoir.

77, in Act assolyeand kirkmen fra warrandice except thair awin deid.

99 109, 112 Anent taxatioun of burrowis.

, 114 The kingis Majesties declaratioun concerning the voittis of small baronis in parliament and instrumentis takin be the erle of Craufurde and the laird of Tullybardin.

, 123 Commissioun to treat for defence of the realme in tyme of weare.

, 124 Commissioun forsetting of the ordour of the taxatioun on all estaitis.

, 125 Commissioun for setting of the quantitie of the bulyeoun to be brocht to the cunyehous of all custumat guidis.

, 132 Commissioun for the article anent the better executioun of justice.

, 133 Commissioun to consider the lawis of this present and the last parliamentis.

, 135 Commissioun to treat on the conformitie of prices of all victuallis and merchandice.

, 1C6, 115 Mesuris and weehtis and the just quantitie thairof.

1906.

Statute Law Revision (Scotland), 1906. Ch. 38.

169

Record 12mo

Edition. Edition.

Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1592. Apr. 3. Cap.

Pari iamen turn apud Edinburgh.

Act in favouris of the inhabitants of Edinburg that had contracts or obligationis of the personis foirfaltit.

99

8

1592. Cap. 116

Act for abolisheing of the acts contrair the trew religioun. in part, namely:

From "and all and quhat sum ever " to "of, the trew kirk, " from " And becaus thair ar " to " haldin of pashe and yule, " and from " Item oure said soverane " to the end.

9

117

Anent depositioun of unqualified personis frome th$ir functionis and benefices. !

In part, namely:

From "(all personis" to "spociallie excejptit)" and from " And the said sentence " to the end.

11

, H9

Aganis Adulteraris.

In part namely:

To "realme And thairfoir, " and from "And ordanis this present " to the end.

if

12

120

For punishement of slauchter within kirkis or kirk yairdis.

13

a

14

121

122

Concerning the erectioun of kirk landis and teyndis in temporall lordschippis.

i i

Againis Jesuites seminary preistis and thair resettaris.

f *

15

fi

17

if

18

if

19

123

124

Ratificatioun of the act maid in Februar 1587 in favour of the ministrie thair stipendis and rentis.

Alteratioun of the mercat dayis frome the sabboth day.

125

Quha hes not gevin confessioun of thair faith sail not enjoy the benefite of pacificatioun.

Commissionn for reparatioun of hospitallis.

, 27, 28, 126

, 29, 127

30

128

31

Commissioun to confer and treat with the Ministre anent the provisioun of sufficient and locall stipendis to the ministeris.

Anent the dewtie of schireffis and utheris Jugeis ordinar thair depuittis and clerkis.

Concerning the office of lyoun king of arraes and his brether herauldis.

In part, viz.:

Sec. (2); sec. (3) from " discharging him " to " officiaris of armes "; and sec. (4).

For furthering of the payment and inbringing of the kingis; casualities.

For furthering of the kingis commoditie be the myn(s and metallis.

In part, viz.:

From "Thairfoir oure said" to " proffeit thairof as said is"? from " with avise of the thesaurare " to " conjunctlie and " from " with consent alwyis " to " in maner foirsaid "; the words "with the consent foirsaid"; from "with express provisioun " to " dewtie thairof"; and from " And forsamekle " to end.;

170 Ch. 38. Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Record Edition. 12mo Edition.

1592. Apr. 3. Cap. 32 j 1592. 1 i

ft 34 [Cap. 129

, 35 tf 130

» 36- I

, 37 I |, 131

•« ss:, 132

.. 41

2

j

, 41, 133

.. 45 1

, 46

» 47

, 48

, 49

, 50, 134

, 51 tt 135

, 52 ft 136

, 53 tt 137

54 tt 138

n - 55 h 13

» 56, 140

* , 57

58

, 60 tt 142

Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

Eatificationn of the kingis majesties rovocatioun.

Anent confirmatiounof the kingis propre land is past without advise of his Comptrollair.

For the better keiping of the kingis parkis.

Anont the payment of the burrow males.

Anent the custumes of Englische guidis.

That the ratificationis past in this present parliament sail not prejuge parties richtis.

The nominatioun and establishing of oure soverane lordis privie counsaill.

Concerning the thesaurair anent ratificationis and other materis past in this present parliament.

Anent the productioun of rentallis and fewis.

For visitting and caussing of the lawes and actis of parliament to be prentit.

Katificatioun of the contract of mariage betuix the King and Quenis majesties and of hir hienes infeftmentis and titles past thairupoun.

Approbationn of thair services quha accnmpaniet his majestie to Noroway and Denmark.

Batificationn of the erll of Merschellis proccding in Denmark direct to treat the mariage betnix the King and Quenis majesties and of his infeftmentis.

Eatificationn to the laird of Barnebarranche and Maister Piter Young and of thair procedingis in the said mariage and of thair infeftmentis.

Anent the aige and qualities of the Lordis of Sessioun.

In part, namely:

From " Annulland all " to the end.

Tuiching the autenticke daiting and registring of signatures.

For eschewing of faulsettis in reductioun of decreittis of redempbioun.

Act in favour of redemptioun of landis bo quhatsumevir personis.

Anent the validitie of new boundand evidentis.

Concerningtpensionis nocht authorizit:be decreit or possessioun.

Aganis unlawfull condicionis in contractis or obligation is.

Prescription of the act of repossessing.

Act annulling the brandis and contractis of personis J being in captivitie.

Anent denunceatioun of personis to the home upoun lettreB chargeing all and sindrio generallie.

IC0'6 Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Ac£, 1906. Ch. 38.

m

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1592. Apr. 3. Cap. 63- 1592. Cap. 145 That the obfconaris of giftie of escheatis pay the debt oontenit in the horning qnhairnponn the gift procedit.

r '^ 64 Ratificatioun of the commiissariat of EdlPhnfgh.

» 65, 146 For puneisment of the ressettaris of tratonris and rebellis.

, 66 147 Anent the eschaetia of rebellis.

, 67, 157 Againis granting of respeittis and remissionis.

, 68, 148 For pnneisment of the vrilfull setting of fyre in coil henchis.

, 69, 149 For pnneisment of masterfull beggaris and relief of the pair.

, 70, 150 Againis foirstalleris and regraittaris.

, 71 , .151 Aganis caryaris of nolt and scheip forth of the realme.

73, 153 Concerning the relevancie of lybellis in canssis criminall.

, 74, 154 Anent the liberties of frie burrowis.

, 76, 156 Aganis sic as exercesis craftis in snburbis adjacent to borrowis.

* , 77, 158 Aganis transporting of weill and kid skynnis forth of the realme.

, 78, 159 Concerning the streitis and passages off burrowis.

, 79, 160 Concerning certano abuses in the Admirallis procedingis.

, 88, 162 Act reinittand certane articlis and supplicationis to the privie counsaill.

, 89, 161 Anent provestries and prebendaries being laic patronages.

* 1593. Apr. 3 Cap. 6 1593. Cap. 163 Parliamentum apod Edinburgh. Act aganis keping of marcattis on the Sabboth day.

, 7, 164 For pnneisment of the oontempnaris of the doGreittis and judicatoriis of the kirk.

, 10, 167 Act anent benedcis disponit to ministeris.

, 11, 168 Aganis the sayaris of messe and ressattaris or interteneyaris of excommunicat papistes.

, 13, 170 Additioun to the panis of law borrowis and unlawes.

, 15, 172 For puneisment of custumaris and sercheonris offending in thair offices.

, 16, 173 Anent remissionis and respeittis.

, 17 Explanatioun of the act maid in favour of the vassallis of personis foirfaltit.

, 18 175 That infeftmentis of the1 propertie without consent of the comptrollar sal be nul.

, 19 176 Anent new infeftmentis with richt of patronage.

172 Ch. 38. Statute Law Revision (Scotland) 1906. 6 Edw.

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Epactment and Extent of Repeal.

1593. Apr. 3. Cap. 20 1593. Cap. 190 Anent confirmationis of kirklandis subscryvit of auld be the king and under the privie seill.

, 22, 177 Act for puneisement of thame that troublis the parliament sessioun and other jugementis. In part, namely:From " be oure soueratne lord " to " sicklyk Statutes and ordanis."

, 23, 178 Act concerning the disorderis in the wast marche.

, 24, 174 Ratificatioun of the priviligis of the College of Justice.

' , > 25, 179 That the wreittar insert his name in the body of the wreitt. In part, namely: From " and to begin " to " next to cum."

, 26, 186 Act in favour of personis quha wer provydit to the successorie of benefices befoir the yeir of God 1584.

, 30, 194 Commissioun anent decyding of suspensionis in the kingis causes.

, 31 Commissioun anent the cunyie.

, 33 Ratificatioun of the liberties and privilegis of burrowis.

, 36, 182 Aganis the transporting of calf kid and certayne other skynnis.

, 37, 183 Anent the costume to be tane of Englische beir.

, 38 >. 184 Act concerning the deane of gildis jurisdictioun in burrowis.

39, 185 Anent tho commoun gude of burrowis.

• In part, namely:From Understanding diverse to quhair of his heines, " from " efter the zeirlie rowping to " within the saids burrowis, " and from " nochtwithstanding of quhatsumevir " to the end.

, 45 Commissioun anent the ministeris stipendis.

, 46 Anent the Kingis Majesties privie counsaill.

1594. Apr. 22. Cap. 3 1594. Cap. 196 Parliamentum apud Edinburgh. Aganis wilfull Heiraris of messe.

, 4, 197 Anent satisfactioun to the kirk be papistes.

5, 198 Aganis erectionis efter the annexations

>, 6, 199 For provisioun of common kirlds.

, 7, 200 Anent eschaetis and lytientis of excommunicat personis.

10, 203 Anent setting of takkis without consent of the patrone.

, 11 , 204 Annulling of actis of parliament maid in favour of vassellis of personis foirfaltit.

1906.

Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1906. Ch. 38.

173

Record

Edition.

12mo

Edition.

Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1594. Apr. 22. Cap. 12

, 13

, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20

, 21, 23, 28, 29

» 31

, 32, 33, 34

, 37 ., 45

, 47, 74, 75, 76, 77

, 98

1597. Nov. 1. Cap. 2

1594. Cap. 205, 207

, 208, 209, 210, 211 , 212, 213 , 210

, 211, 217, 218, 219

, 225

, 222, 223, 224

, 231

, 206, 230

1597.

Cap. 235

Anent frandfnll dispositions maid be personis foirfaltit.

Ratification of the actis maid for annexationn of the propirtie and annulling of dispositionis maid in princes minorities.

General dissolntionn of the propirtie.

Anent lesing makaris and authoaris of sklanderis.

Anent payment of the dewtie of the wynes.

Annulling of ponsionis furth of the erectionis sen the aonexationn.

Anent souirties for officiaris off armes.

For tryall of the trenth of acquittances in suspensionis.

Anent haning of the kingis parkis and forrestis and incres of wyldfoull and vennysonn.

Anent the privilegis of the College of Justice.

Anent the beginning of the harvest vacance.

For consideration of articles to be proponit in Parliament.

Anent slauchter and trubling of parties in persute and defence of thair action is.

Anent the certane tyme of lentren sparing of young flesche in the spring and brokkaris of lentren and uther dayis forbiddin to eit flesche.

For punischement of committaris of usurie.

For punischement of sum disorderis of studentis and bursaris.

For execution of the actis anent slauchter of blak or reid fisclie and fry of salmound.

For punisemont of thift reif oppressioun and soming.

Prelattis and utheris beneficit personis suld haif releif of thair taxation.

Act in favour of the skynnaris.

Ratification of the act and contract anent the cunyie.

Ratificatioun of the act anent the bulyeoun. T

Ratificatioun of tho actis anent regrattaris and foirstallaris.

Of the panes of thame that makis nocht thair comptis tymouslie in the chekker.

Anent hospitallis and schoolis.

Parliamentum apud Edinburgh.

All ministeris provy dit to prelaceis suhl haif voit in parliament.

1.

4

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

18

19

20

21

22

23

24

25

26

27

28

29

30

31

32

33

34

Statute Law Revision (< Scotland) Act, 1-906. 6 Edw. 7.

Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

Alienatioun of the Kingis annexit propertie.;

Assyis hering may nocht be disponit.

Anent heritable chalmerlanreis and dispositiounis of the propertie.

Alienatio feudiferme fendifirmaram.

Anent takis and pcusionis germ furthe of thriddis.

Anent thriddia of beneficis common kirkis frierlandis rentia and bene-ficis of cuir under prelaceis.

The twa part of the beneficis vacand sail appertene to the King.

Anent ratificationis and diBpositionis maid in Parliament.

Ministeris and possessouris of benefices sail’ gif up the rentell of the temporalitie.

The fewaris of the temporalitie sail gif up ane rentell of thair dewties.

It is noch lesnm to tak mair annnelrent or proffeit nor ten for the hundrethe.

The pane of beraris usaris or schntaris with pistolettes ' culveringis daggis or ingynis of fyre wark.

The pricis of gold and silver of forene cunyie and bulyeoun.

Woll snld nocht be transports furthe of the realme.

All merchandice brocht -within this realme suld pay custome.

English clnithe and utheris Englishe merchandice maid of woll U forbidden.

Great bume coill suld nocht be transportit furthe of this realme.

Forbidden guids suld pay custume.

All cocqnettis suld be speciall and contene the particular kyndis of merchandice. '

All schippis suld haif ane sufficient cocquett.

The aithe of the merchandis schipperis and factoris passand to and fra the law countreis and furthe of this realms

All schippis and merchandis suld land at the ordinar staple.

The conservatour suld puneish usureris.

All merchandis sail gif ane in venture of thair mercheandice and gudis to the conservatour.

Of slayaris of reidfish smoltis frie and salmond in forbiddin tyme.

The inhabitants of the iles and helandis suld schaw thair haldingis.

Anent the biggin g of burrowes townis in the ils and hielandis.

Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1906. Ch. 38.

175

1906.

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1597. Nov. 1. Cap. 35 1597. Cap. 268 Letteris of horning inhibitionis interdictionis and publicatioun thairof aganis personis duelland within bailiereis said be registred in bukis.

, 36, 269 Registratioun of letteris of horning relaxationis exeoutionis inhibitionis suld be maid judioiallie or befoir ane notar and four witnessis. Of the judge refusand the registratioun.

, 37, 270 It is not lesum to slay deir rais hares wylde foules or dowes.

, 38, 271 Auld unlawes ar valued and amplified.

, 39, 272 Strang beggaris vagaboundis and Egiptians suld be punished.

, 42, 275 The schirreff clarkis sail bring thair buikis to the chekker. Thai suld be markit.

, 43, 276 Barrounes suld send to the parliament commissioneris with sufficient commissionis.

, 44, 277 Prisoun houses suld b2 begged within all burroues.

, 45, 278 Auent dimissioun of benefices contening reservatioun of the lyfrent of the resignant.

, 46, 279 Of personis duelland within brught subject to the help of the pure to the waching and warding.

, 47 280 All burgesses suld be taxi and stentit bo thair magistratis according to the rentis within burght.

48 »> 281 Ane taxation to be granted to the King. The forme and maner of the uptaking thairof.

, 66 Ane act anent oopper cunyie.

1600. Nov. 1. Cap. 3 1600. Cap. 1 Parliamentum apud Edinburgh. The fyft day of August appointit yeirlie for solempne thankis geving in all tyme cummyng.

, 12, 4 Anent invading and persewing of counsalouris.

, 13, 5 Anent purprusioun in the Kingis commonteis.

, 14 n 6 Anent beraris and schuteris with hagbuttis and pistolottis.

, 15, 7 Explanation of the actis of Parliament anent ocker and usurie.

, 16, 8 Anent dissolutioun of the coilhewchis of the propirtie and landis quhair demolessit strenthis and castellis were biggit of auld.

, 18, 9 Act anent cunyie.

, 19, 10 Act anent salting and transporting of herring.

>t20 11 Slaying of salmond in forbiddin tyme to be ane cryme of theift in tyme cummying.

, 22, 13 4-nent hqrnyngis. In part, namely: i From " discharges that part " to " and witnesses and."

170

Ch. 3SV Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1906/ 6 Edw. 7.

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1600. 1600.

Nov. 1 Cap. 24 Cap. 35 The pane of forbiddin and uncustumat gudis.

, 25, 16 i Ratificatioun of the actis maid of befoir in favouris of the kirk.

, 26, 17 Act anent non communicnntis.

, 27, 18 Ratificatioun of the act anent Jesuittis preistis excommunicat and

, 28, 19 j traflSquing papistis. i | Ratificatioun of tho act apent Strang and idill beggeris.

, 30 ., 21 Registeris of the schirefclevkis to be markit be the Clerk of Register

, 31, 22 and his deputtis and thair extractis to be markit be thame selffis. In part, namely:From "and this ordour " to " to be sa marked"; and the words "after the forosaid day." Act anent removcing and extingoischeing of deadlie feadis.

, 32 Act anent provisioun for armoure.

, 33, 28 Act anent the keiping of pledgis.

, 34, 23 Act aganis slauchter of wyld foullis.

, 35 Act aganis making of redres.

, 36 Anent registratioun of saisingis.

, 37, 24 Anent the custumyng of gudis.

, 38 >» 25 All charges of hornyng aganis persones duelland benorth Die to be

, 39, 26 direct upoun fyftene ‘dayes at the leist. Act aganis persones quha persewis utheris within one myle of the

, 52 kingis majesteis residence. Commis8ioun anent the ranking of the nobilmen.

, 53 Commissioun anent woll.

1604. 1604. \ Parliamentum apud Edinburgh.

Apr. 10.:;

Cap. 1 Cap. 1 Commissioun for the TJnioun. ‘

, 2 Act in favouris of the kirk.:1

1606. 1606. Parliamentum apud Edinburgh. I j

Jul. 11. 5

Cap. 4 Cap. 5 Act- anent the riveris of Tweid and Annand.

, 5, 6 Anent the customes butuix Scotland and England. j

, 7, 8 Anent teynding of cornea. j j)

8, 9 Anent auld decreittis of ejectioun and spulyie in the bordourisj I

, 10, 11 1 Anent coilyearis and sallaris. j; f

1906.

Statute Law Revision (, 1906. Ch. 38.

177

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1606. Jul. 11. Cap. 11 1606. Cap. 12 Act anent setting of fewis be snbvassellis of waird landis.

, 13 9914 Act in favoaris of his majesteis vassellis for payment of thair blenshe dueties.

, 14, 15 Act anent saisingis to be gevin on preceptis of the chancellarie.

15, 16 Act in favouris of the burro wis regall.

, 17 Anent the keiping of the kingis housis.

, 18, 17 Act anent the taxatioun and collecting thairof.

, 19 Act anent the granting of the taxatioun.

, 23 Commissioun anent the erectionis.

o 38 Act in favouris of the senatouris of the College of Justice and memberis of the samyn.

, 71 •» 3 Act anent the dilapidatioun of bishoprikis.

1607. Mar. 18. Cap. 1 1607. Parliamentum apud Edinburgh. Act anent the Union of Sootland and England.

, 2 Cap. 1 Act aganis the sayaris and wilfull heiraris of mess.

, 5 1 Act anent the kingis blensche dueteis in erectionis and ministeris stipendis of the kirkis erectit.

, 7, 2 Act anent weichtis and messuris.

, 8 4 Ratificatioun of the Act anent conduceing of crafbismen.

99 9 Commissioun anent grammer and teacheris thairof.

, 12, 5 Act in favouris of the burrowis regall.

, 13, 6 Act in favouris of the frie burrowis regall aganis unfremen. In part, namely: From " considering the great " to " and thairfor, " and from " that all unfrie " to " this Act And also.* ’

, 16 Act in favouris of the Clerk of Register anent the prenting of the book callit Regiam Majestatem.

1609. Apr. 12. Cap. 3 1609. Cap. 1 Parliamentum apud Edinburgh. Act anent the cheising of pedagoges to children passing furth of Scotland to schooles.

99 4 99 2 Act aganis children that becomes papistis when they are out of Scotland.

», 5 99 3 Act anent excommunieat persones nocht to injoy their landis rowmes and possessionis.

, 6, 4 Act anent giveing command to bischoppis to send the names of excommunicatt persones to the thesaurar and to the directour of the chancellarie.

M

178 Ca. 38,

Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7. '

Record

Edition.

12mo

Edition.

Title of Enactment and Extent of RepeaL

1609. Apr. 12. Cap. 7

, 8, 9

14

16

16

17

18

19

20 21

40

47

48

1609. Cap. 5 6

7

8

9

10

n

12

13

14

Act aganiB jesnitis seminarie priestes and resettaris of thatiSe.

Act of the commissariatis and jurisdictionn gevin to the archibis* choppis and bischoppes.

Act placeand Robert erle of Lonthiane in the Commissionn of the quorum in place of his father for setting down the Kings blenche dueteis in erectioniB and modefeing ministeris stipendia. And the bischop of Galloway in place of the bischop of Dunkeld for modefeing ministeris stipendis.

Actanentthe commissioners and justices of peace.

Act of the apparels of judges magistrates and kirkmen.

Act against scandalous speeches and libellis.

Act anent fugitive persones of the borders to the in countrey.

Act in favouris of the Lordis of Sessioun of ten thousand poundis to be gevin to them yearlie.

Act anent the patronages of foirfaulted persones.

Act anent the Egiptians.

Ratificatioun gevin be the king to the secrete counsaill to ressave resignation's.

Act anent the abolisheing of the secretaris register.

Submissiotn betuix the arcbibischop of Sanctandrous and the lord advocat in the Kingis name.

Commissioun anent the ravissing of wemen.

1612. 1612. Oct. 12.

Cap. 2 Cap. 2

»> 8, 3

Parliamentum apud Edinburgh.

Ane act for remanding back to his Majesties officiares of justice in England of offendours in some particular crymes in the act mentioned who efter the committing of the offence in England salhe thairuponn fugitive and remane in this kingdom.

Ane act declaring that in all tyme heirefter the objecting of homyng for a civile cause of the partie ayther slane or mutilat salbe no liberatioun of the offender frome the punischement dew of the law.

Ane act aganis ravischers of wemen.

39

5

5

Ane act anent more tymous teynding flfor the ease of the laborers of the ground.

, 6 ,

i

» 8 | ,

6 Ane act for discharge of all persute aganis any within the boundis of the lait borders for causes preceding his Majesties going to England with exception nottheles of all decretis recoverit and with rescr-vatioun of the criminall persute at the instance of his Majesties officiars.

8 Ane act anent reparing of bischops manses.

Statute Law Revision (Scotland) J.c£, 1906, Cfl. 38.

179

1906.

Record

Edition.

12mo

Edition.

Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1612.

Oct. 12. Ca.p. 9

, 12

, 13

, 16

, 24

• 47

1617. Mai. 27. Cap. 2

, 4

»» 6

, 6

1612. Cap. 9

16

1617. Cap. 2 4

, 5

, 6

, 7

, 8

, 9, 9

, 10, 10

» 11, 11

, 12

12

, 13, 13

, 14 i, 14

, 16

, 18 I, 18

, 20 I, 20

Ane act pardonyng the bypast eseaips* of some poenall statute thairin mentioned.

Ane act concerning the voluntar offer of ane taxatiouh maid be the Estaittis of Parliament to his Majestic.

Act anent the forme and order of tho uplifting of the said taxationn.

Commissioun for dealing betuix his Majestie and the bischop of Orknay for the bischops landis in Orknay.

Ratificationn in favours of the official’s of the cunzehouse.

General ratificatioun of the burrowis liberties.

Parliamentum apnd Edinburgh.

Anent the restitntioun of chapteris.

Anent the setting of takis be prelatis and utheris benefioed persones.

Additionn to the act anent dilapidationn off benefices.

Anent furnesing of necessaries for ministratione of the sacramentis.

In part, viz.:

From " and the Ministeris " to end.

Anent unlawis of absentia frome Parliament.

Anent the Justices for Keeping of the Kingis Majesties peace and thair constables.

Anent the teynding of Comis.

Anent the poore.

Anent the Qneines counsell.

Anent prescriptioun of heretable rightist iz.:

And his Majestie being carefull " to end.

In part, viz.: From " j ‘

Anent reductioun of retouris and snmmondis of errour.

In part, viz.:

From " It is alwayis declared " to end.

Anent exequutoures.

In part, viz.:

From " reserving only " to end.

Anent the registratione of reversiones seasingis and utheris writis.

In part, viz.:

The words "within thriescore dayes after the date of the same, " "within thriescore dayes efter the date of the seasing, " " within the said space of thriescore dayes "; from "instruments of seasing " to "nor yit to"; from" make and constitute" to "to that effect in Edinburgh"; and from " Ordaning Publicatioun " to the end.

Anent the keiping of forrestis.

Anent the punischment of drunkardis.

180 ' Ch. 38. Statute Law Revision (Scotland), 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. 1 Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1617. Mai. 27. Cap. 21 1617. Gap. 21 Anent dischargeing of caulpis.

22, 22 Anent the inbringing of protho-gollis.

, 24 A commissione for heretable offices.

, 25 A commissione for keiping of justice courtes.

, 37 A commission anent barking of hyidis.

1621. Jun. 1. Gap. 2 3 1621. Cap. 2 3 Parliamentum apud Edinburgh. Anent' the taxatioun grantit to his Majestie of threttie sohillingis termelie upone the pound land and the tuentie pennie of all annuelrentis. Anent the collecting and inbringing of the taxatione and relief to prelatis.

, 4, 4 Ane act of ratieficatioun in favouris of the prince his hieghnes.

» 6 7, 6, 7 Act anent comprysingis. In part, namely: From " It is statute and ordanit that the compryser " to " times following, and "; from " Bot it is declared" to " Landis is comprysed "; and from " And the saidis estaittis " to end. Anent adjudicatiounes. In part, namely: From " It is alwayes " where these words last occur to " alreddie recovered."

, 8, 9, 8 9 Anent the extractis of infeftmentis past upone comprysingis furth of the previe seale where the same ar not registrated at the great seall. Anent geving of lioience to bischopes to sett thair warde landis in fewferme.

11, 11 Batificatioun and additioun to the Act of Parliament made anent restitution of cheptoures.

, 12, 12 Anent packeing and peeling.

, 13 13 Anent the dischargeing of protectiounis.

, 15, 16, 15, 17 Act declaring all takis set for longer space nor tlirie yeiris without consent of the patrone be persones under the degne of prelattis since 1594 to be null. Anent metis and measures.

17 17 Anent the dischargeing of a peck to the boll.

, 19 ..12 (Sic) Batificatioun of the act of Counsell anent the pryces of wreates sealis &c. made 1606.

, 20, 20 Act ordaning annuelrent to be dew efter horning. In part, viz.: From " and suche persones " to end.

21 21 Anent servandis going lowse and leving thair maisteris service.

1906.

Statute Law Revision (Act, 1906. Ch. 38.

181

Record Edition. 12mo Edition.

1621. Jun. 1. Cap. 23 1621. Cap. 23

ft24, 24

tt26 t, 25

, 26, 26

, 27 27

, 28, 28

ft 29, 29

, 30 1 tt30

tt32 32

tt 34

tt 35

, 36

, 37

tt38

* 39

, 81

, 82

tt HI

, 112 ]

, H4; j

i 1633. Jun.18. Cap. 1 1633.; Cap. 1

, 2, 2

3, 3

Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

A generall pardoun for deidis done aganis penall statutes (sum few excepted) and a discharge of James Cranstoun his commissioun.

Anent evidentis past the gryit seale quhilkis ar not registrated.

Anent banqueting and apparel!.

Anent thaicking of houses in Edinburgh with sklate and skailyee.

Anent compryseing frome appeirand airis extendit alsweill to menis awin dettis as thair predicessouris.

Anent taking of annuelrent before hand to be usurie.

Batificatioun of the act of Seoreit Counsell aganis baxteris brewstaris flescheouris and candlemakaris of Edinburgh.

Act restrayning the hying and selling of certane wyild foullis.

Anent the harreing of haulk nestis and hounting in snaw.

Commissioun anent money is.

Commissioun anent the taxt roll within the schirrefdome of Kincardin.

Commissioun anent coallis and coil heughis.

Commissioun for modiefeing blenche dewties and ministeris stependis in erected prelacies.

Reference to the Seoreit Counsell anent metsteris.

Another anent the inbringing of water to Edinburgh.

Act in favoures off the Keiparis of the kingis castellis.

Declaration in favouris of utheris burrowis anent the actis grantit in favoures of Edinburgh.

Acceptation by the Parliament off the offer made by the extra-ordinarie Lordis of Sessioun anent thair taxatioun.

Ane act and Commissioun grantit by Parliament upoun the offer maid by the Advocatis and utheris memberis of the uolledge of Justice anent thair taxatioun.

Batificatioun in favouris of the Clerkis of Sessioun.

CHARLES I.

Parliamentary apud Edinburgh.

Act anent the taxatioun grantit to his Majestie of threttie schillings tearmlie upon the pound land and the saxteinth pennie of all annual rents.

Act anent the collecting and inbringing of the Taxatione and releife to prelates.

Act anent his Majesties royall prerogative and apparell of Kirkmen.

In part, viz.:

" And withall remembring " to the end.

J.S2 Ch. 38* Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Ac 6 Edw>)7»

Record Edition. 12mo Edition.

1633. Jun. 18. Cap. 4 1633. Cap* 4

>, 5, 5

, 7, 7

, o 1 " 9

, 12 V 12

, 16 16

, 17, 17

oo, 18

, 20, 20

21 21

.. 22, 22

CO CM, 23

24, 24

, 25; - 25

, 26, 26

v* 27 - 27

Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

Batificatioun of the actes toutchiag religione.

Batificatioun of the4 aot of counsall anent plantation© of Schoolep.

Act anent invading of ministers.

In part, namely:

The words *Archbischops, bischops, and, ’* and from "and becaus the malice " to the end.

The Kings generall revocation©.

Batifioationn of the actes of interruption©.

Act anent vassalles holding ward.

Act anent the rate and pryce of Teinds.

In part, namely:

From " Betnix and the terme of Martinmasse " to for selling of the saids teinds."

Act anent the Exchequer.

Act anent the King his designatione of the names to be insert in the commissionos anent the tithes and lawes.

Act anent the annuell of aucht to be takin of ilk hundreth in tyme to come allanerlie suspending the same for thrie yeirs And in the interim tuo of ten to be payit for the said space to his Majestie.

Act anent the Lordes of Session© thair taxatioun of ten shillings to be imposed upon everie pund of land of old extent.

Batifioationn of the liberties of the College of Justice.

Batificatioun of the priveledges of the frie Boyall burrowes.

Batificatioun of the Actes maid in favours of the Justices of peace and thair constables and commissione to the lords of secreit counsall thair anent.

Explanation of the Actes of Parliament maid in favours of the Lords of Sessione. Anent tuelflf pennies of the pund to be payit in decreits to be given by the saids Lords heireftir.

Act anent pardon of penal statuites.

, 33, »* 34 j

Commissioun for surveying the lawes.

Commiesioun anent the Admiralitie and chamberlanrie.

I

I Commissioun to the Lords of Secreit Counsell.

5 f

ft

35 j

38 j

39; 41 42 '

Commissioun to the Lordis of Privie Counsall.

I Commissioun anent the exchange of moneyes. Commissioun anent the criminall judicatorie. Commissioun to the Lordes of His Majesties Exchecker. Commisscun to the Lords of Secreit Counsall.

Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Ac£, 1906. Cfl. 38.

183

.1906.

Record

Edition.

12mo

Edition.

Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1661. Jan. 1. Cap. 4.

, 5 6

, 7

, 11, 12

, 13

, 15, 18

, 19

, 21

» 22

23

, 37

46

, 52

,; 57

, 87

1661.

Cap. 2

»> 3

, 5

, 52

, 8

, 9

, 10

12

CHARLES II.

Parliamentam apud Edinburgh.

Commission to the Lords of the Artioles and Processes.

Commission for trade and complaints.

Act anent the kingis Majesties prerogative in choiseing and appointing of the officers of State, Lords of Privy Council and Session.

In part, viz.:

From "And therfor" to the end.

Act anent his Majesties prerogative in calling and dissolveing of Parliamantis and makeing of lawis.

In part, viz.:

From " and therfor " to the end.

Act and Proclamation against the Remonstrators, and for order in the to an of Edinburgh.

Act anent his Majesties prerogative in making of Leagues and the Convention of the subjects.

In part, viz.:

From " and declares that " to the end.

Act anent his Majesties prerogative in the Militia and in making of Peace and War or treaties and leagues with forraine Princes or Estates.

In part, viz.:

From " Lykas the Kings " to the end.

Act for a guard of Horse to attend the Parliament.

Act annulling the Convention of Estates 1643 and rescinding any acts ratifieing the same.

Act and Proclamation against the meitings of Anabaptists Quakers &c.

Act rescinding the resolution of a Quaere iu June 1644.

Act concerneing the League and Covenant and dischargeing the renewing thereof without his Majesties warrand and approbation.

Act anent the disposall of vacant Stipends.

Act against saying of Meese seminary and Messe Preists and trafficquing Papists.

Act approveing the Engadgment of 1648 and annulling the Parliament and Committees 1649.

Act for opening the Signet.

Act condemneing the deliverie of the King.

Act concerning persons comeing from Ireland without a testimony.

Act concerning the judiciall proceidings in the tyme of the late usurpers.

184

Ch. 38. Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Acti 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1661. Jan. 1. Gap. 92 1661. i Anent the custom and price of tobacco pypes.

, 112 Cap. 13; Act and offer of 40000 pund Sterline to be payed to the Kings Majestie yeerly dnreing his lifetyme by this Kingdome.

, 126 99 15 ! Act rescinding and annulling the pretendit Parliaments in the yeers j 1640, 1641 Ac.

, 127 99 16, Act concerning Religion and Church Government.

, 128 99 14 J ' Act for raising the annuitie of 40000 pnnd sterling granted to his Majestie.

, 136 Act Declareing the Toun of Dunce the heid Burgh of the Shireff-dome of Berwick.

, 157 Ratification in favours of the Royall Burrowes of Scotland.

, 167 Act anent the poore Schoolers in Argyle.

, 194 Act anent the downsitting of the Session and opening the Signet.

, 199 Act anent the sitting of the Session.

, 217 99 22 Act against the severall degrees of casuall homicide.

, 218 99 29 | Act anent execution of poinding to follow upon Shireffs Commissers and other inferior Judges decreits. In part, viz.:From " Lykas his Maiestie " to the end.

, 219 99 -48 Act anent the priviledge of Soapworks.

, 240 99 27 Act for the pardon of penal status.

, 241 99 28 Act dischargeing the Quota of Testaments.

, 242 99 30 Acti anent the fewars and vassalls of Kirklands.

, 245 99 33 Act for the right packing of Salmond.

, 246 99 34 Act against clandestine and unlawful Marriages. In part, namely: From " Considering how " to " his saids Estates, " and from " And in caice ’* to the end.

m 253 99 35 Act concerning the election and charges of the Commissioners from the Shires to the Parliament.

, 254 Act anent an allowance to the Commissioners to the Parliament in the year 1648.

, 255 Act anent the oath of Alledgeance &o., to be taken by Magistrates and Councill within Burgh.

, 260 j 99 23 Act ratifieing the priveledges of the Colledge of Justice.

m 261 | Act explaneing the extent of ane former Act anent redemption of the fie lands.

, 205 Act anent the annuitie to be uplifted within the burgh of Edinburgh for ministers stipends.

.1906.

Statute Law Revision (Scotland), 1906. Ch. 38.

185

Record Edition. 12mo Edition.

1661. Jan. 1. Cap. 27C 1661. 1 Cap. 50

, 271

, 272, 37

, 273

, 274

, 275 " 42

, 276, 43

•> 277 " 44

, 278, 45

, 279, 39

, 280 40

, 282, 19;

, 284, 41 i

, 291, 36

, 292

, 296

, 308, 46

, 309 ! 1

310 47

, 320

, 321

, 330, 52

, 332, 55

CO CO CO, 56

, 334, 57

, 335 1, 58

1, 336 1, 59

, 337, 60

Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

Act and offer of 12000 pund Sterline to the Lords of Session.

Act anent ane augmentation to the rents of the Lords of Session.

Act concerning Bullion.

Act for coyning of copper money.

Act for provydeing a stock for the Minthouse.

Act establishing Companies and Societies for makeing lining doth, stuffs, &c.

Act dischargeing the exportation of lining yearne and regulateing the breadth of lining cloath Ac.

Act for enconrageing of Shiping and Navigation.

Act dischargeing the exportation of Skines, hyds, &c.

Act for the Fishings and erecting of companies for promoting the same.

Act for erecting Manufactories.

Act against sueareing and excessive drinking.

Act for planting and incloseing of ground.

In part, namely:

From "Considering how many" to "made. Doth therfor, " from " Revive the nynt act ’’ to " damnified. And further " and from " And recommends " to the end.

Act anent presentation of Ministers.

Act for appointing a Councill for Trade.

Act explaneing the extent of the Act anent the opening of the Signet.

Act dischargeing the exportation of wollen yearn worsteid broken copper and pewter.

Act for raising the price and fee of the Lord Registers Subscription.

Act dischargeing tradesmen to import made work.

Act anent craves Ac., upon fresh waters in forbidden tyme.

Act anent the accompts of the moneths mantenance imposed for defraying his Majesties expences from Holland, &c.

Act concerning the disposall of vacand stipends.

Act anent Cocquets and entries of Ships.

Act anent Coalhewers.

Act dischargeing the custom of two and a halff of the hundredth and the impost of four punds on the tun.

Act in favours of those who get thair waird holding changed by the King’s Majestie.

Act anent the Exchequer.

Act concerning docqueting and presenting of Signatonrs.

Cifc'38.

Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1906. 6 EeW.- 7,

<186

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1 1661. i 1661.

Cap. 838

Cap. 38

Commission and Instructions to the Justices of Peace and Constables.

In part, viz.:

From "The Justices of Peace at thair first sitting" (p. 306, col. 2) to " so help me God " (ibid.).

From " make and rectifie " to " handie crafts, " and from " and imploy the " (p. 306, col. 2) to " shall find most expedient."

From " if the partie be a " (p. 307, col. 1) to " of a. meaner degrie" (ibid.).

From " If either the Shirrcff or Baillie shall " (p. 307, col. 1) to " by his Majesties Council " (ibid.).

From " under the degrie of Noblemen " to " Colledge of Justice, " and from " And as concerning theso " to " had been then found."

From "The saids Commissioners shall put " (p. 307, col. 2) to "propper for them to enjoyn" (ibid.).

From "The saids Commissioners and Justices" (p. 307, col. 2) to " as apperteaneth " (p. 308, col. 1).

From "The saids Justices shall put his" (p. 308, col. 1) to " conform to the Acts of Parliament" (p. 308, col. 2).

From "It shall not be leisum" (p. 308. col. 2) to "tenor of the saids Acts" (ibid.).

From "They shall set doun order " (p. 308, col. 2) to " qualitie of the delinquent " (ibid.).

From "shall appoint at the " (p. 308, col. 2) to " fies The saids Justices " (ibid.); and the words "appointed by their ordinance."

From "The saids Justices shall take *’ (p. 309, col. 1) to " as the saids Justices shall appoint" (ibid.).

The words " Magistrate of. Burghs and " (p. 309, col. 1); and from "The saids Justices causeing" to "discretion of his Majesties Councill."

From " Item Our Soverane Lord " (p. 309. col. 1) to " con-traveeners as apperteaneth " (ibid.).

From "They shall cause" (p. 309, col. 1) to "qualities and deserts " (ibid. col. 2).

From "Our Soverane Lord" (p. 309, col. 2) to " such charges doth belong" (ibid.).

From " And because ther is sensible" (p. 309, col.2) to "whereof they find the necessity or use " (p. 310, col. 1).

From " The saids Justices shall beholden" (p. 310, col. 1) to " required to doe the same " (ibid.).

From " The saids Justices of Peace as well to" (p. 310, col. 1) to " mean time their further directions " (ibid. col. 2).

From " The saids Justices Shall put in execution " (p. 310, col. 2) to "as the Justices shall think fit" (p. 311, col. 1).

From " That the Justices shall put " (p. 311, col. 1) to "by the saids Justices in lyk-maner as aforsaid " (ibid.).

The words "and bind him to prosecute" (p. 311, col. 1, 1. 7 from foot).

From "And if any Nobleman" (p. 311, col. 2) to " may be taken therwith " (ibid.).

From " The saids Justices shall tuise " (p. 311, col. 2) to " shall see meet to impose " (p. 312, col. 1).

From "And further the saids Justices" (p. 312, col. 1) to "give their orders therein " (ibid. col. 2).

From " two at least in everie " (p. 312, col. 1) to " sex to sex moneths " (ibid.).

Ch. 38. 187

1906; 'iStatute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1906.

Record 12mo

Edition. Edition.

Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1661. Jan. 1. 1 C*p*388 i

1661.

Commission and Instructions to the Justices of Peace and Constables — 1 continued.

From ‘‘Followeth the oath" (p. 312, col. 2) to "enjoyne and appoint."

From " Everie constable in their " where these words first occur (p. 312, col. 2) to " next quarter Session " (ibid.).

I From " All constables shall arreist " (p. 313, col. 1) to " give

I such licences'’ (ibid.).

I From " And that the saids constables " (p. 313, col. 1) to " cause

them to be payed of the same " (ibid.).

From " And least this above-written " to " and no other-wayes."

Act suspending execution upon bands for publict debts till the next Session of Parliament.

34<r

341

Act anent the amendment of same of the Acts of Parliament past before the generall Act of Rescission.

Act in favours of the Commissers of Edinburgh.

342

Act and Commission for trying certain prissoners incarcerate within the tol-buith of Pearth.

344

, 346

Cap. 62; Act for ordering the payment of debts betwixt creditor and debitor, j In part, viz.:

From "Yet the troubles" to "for payment of their debts" from " Statute and Ordaines " where these words first occur to " the consignation forsaid. And" and the words "His Majestie for the reasons and with consent forsaid."

From "And statute and ordaines" (p. 318, col. 1) to " the same be now expyred " (p. 318, col. 2, 1. 2 from top), i From "And further for obviateing" (p. 319, col. 1, middle) to person or their forsaids " (ibid.).

From " And incace a Creditor " to " prejudged by these presents, " and from " And because befor the yeer " to the end.

, 49 . Act reducing annuel rents to sex for the hundreth.

862

Act and Commission anent the inbringing of the remainder of the tno moneths mantenance imposed in 1651 &c.

353

Act anent the inbringing of the 80,000 marks imposed on the royal burrows in 1650 &c.

, 357

i Act anent the sitting of the Oommisser Courts within the Burgh of I Aberdeen.

393

, 64, Act of Adjournment.

1662. May 5. Cap. 1

1662. i Parliamentum apud Edinburgh. Parlt. 1st. Sess. 2nd.

Act for calling in the Bishops to the Parliament.

Act concerning members of Parliament who doe not attend.

7

Cap. 3

Act concerning such Benefices and stipends as have been possest without presentations from the lawfull Patrons.

8

f Act for keipirtg the anniversary thanksgiveing for the Kings Majesties j birth and restaiiration.

188

Ch. 38. Statute Law Revision (Act, 1906. , 6 Edw. 7.

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. | Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1662. May 5. Cap. 11 1662. Act renewing the Commission anent the creditors of forfaited persons. I

, 12 Cap. 2 1 i Act for preservation of his Majesties Person Authoritie and Government.

, 16, 7 Act for the allowance of ten thousand punds Scots yeerlie to the Lords of Session oat of his Majesties Customes.

, 17, 6 Act for suppressing of theft robberies and depredations.

, 25 " 9 Act anent the teinds belonging to Bishops and other benefioed persons.

, 28 Act for releef of those who wer over-burthened in their leveys anno 1649 for their concurrence in the Engadgment 1648.

, 38 Act for keeping the Registers of session in the Parliament House.

, 50 ! 8 j The Kings Majesties generall Revocation with a Declaration thereanent.

, 71, io | The Kings Majesties gracious and free Pardon Act of Indemnity and 1 Oblivion.

, 78 Mai. 8. Cap. 74 i 1 Act anent the children and posteritie of forfeited persons. Act anent the abatement of Excise to some Shires and Burghs.

, 83 ! i Act suspending publict debts till the next session of Parliament.

, 84 Act in favours of these who wer absent and tooke the benefite of the I act anent Debitor and Creditor at London.

, 112, 12 Act of Adjournment.

1663. 1663. Parliamentum apud Edinburgh. Parlt. 1st. Sess. 3rd.

Jun. lo. Cap. 1 1 Commission for tryeing of the contrivance and carieing on of the Act of Billeting.

, 2 Cap. 4 Act against Protections.

, 3 M 9 Act anent the dischargeing of Advocations for sums within 200 merks.

M 5 1 Act allowing the inhabitants of Zetland to import forrane drinking beir for ane year.

, 10, i Act allowing to the Ministers who served befor and in the yeer 1662 the half! of the stipend for that yeer.

, 13 1, 7 Act dischargeing the importation of strong waters &c.

, 14, 8 Act dischargeing the mixing of tin with lead.

, 15 Act rescinding a former act passed in the last session of Parliament anent some ties acolamed due to the Lord Lyons office.

, 18, 14 Act imposeing a custome upon corne imported from Ireland into this Kingdoms.

, 19 Act concerning the pardoning and restoreing the childreen of forfeited persons.

, 23, is Act for ane new Imposition upon English commodities.

1906.

Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1906. Ch. 38.

189

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1663.]un. 18. Cap. 24 1663. Act and Reference to the Privy Conncill concerning the imposition

layd on English commodities.

, 25 Act in favours of silkweivers printers, &c.

, 27 Commission concerning the annual-rents due by persons forfeited by

the Usurpers.

, 28 Cap. 25 Act regulating the proportions of the Excise in the severall Shires and Burghs.

, 29, 11 Act against exportation of Money forth of the Kingdome.

, 30 Vol. II., Act rescinding two acts past in the second of this Parliament the one

p. 373. for excepting of persons from public trust and the other for voteing the same by Billets.

, 31 Cap. 21 Act anent Manses and Gleibs and poinding for Ministers stipends. In part, namely: From " Considering the great " to "Therforhis Majestie, " from Declares that it shall be " to " mercat croces. And, " and the

words " Thairfor our Soveraigne Lord with advice forsaid."

»> 33 Act concerning the Bideing of the Parliament and the penalties of such

as shall be absent from it.

, 35, 12 Act for encouragement of Tillage and Pasturage.

, 36, 22 Act anent Comprisings.

, 42, 26 A humble tender to his Sacred Majestie of the duetie and loyaltie of

his antient Kingdome of Scotland.

, 43, 19 Act dischargeing Monday and Saturday mercats in Royall Burghs.

, 52, 16 Act concerning Beggars and Vagabonds.

, 56, 17 Act anent the measure of Coall.

, 57, 18 Act anent the Foot measure.

, 59 Act concerneing the makeing of Cards.

, 63, 20 Act anent linseed hempseed and steel.

, 66, 15 Act for inbringing his Majesties rents.

, 72 Commission for ordering the pryces of offices writs and seals.

, 74 Act suspending execution upon public t debts until the next session

of Parliament.

, 82, 29 Act anent penall Status.

, 83 Act for renewing the Justices of Peace.

1669. Oct. 19. 1669. Parliamentum apud Edinburgh. Parlt. 2nd.

Cap. 1 Act anent the election of Commissioners from Shires.

»» 3 Cap. 2 Act concerning the Militia.

, 4, 4 1 Act for registration of instruments of resignation ad remanentiam.

Offi 38.' Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1900. 6 Edw. 7i

190 '

Record 12mo

Edition. 1 Edition.

Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1669. Oct. 19. Gap. 5

, 6 " 7

, 12, H

, 17, 18

, 20, 36

1669. Gap. 4

, 6

, 6

, 7

» 9

, 11

, 11, 14, 15

37 1, 16

, 40, 41, 42

, 115

, 127

, 132 .» 137

Act concerning poinding befor the days of the charge expyre. '

In part, viz.:

From " Bnt prejudice always " to " as formerly. And."

Act for the security of the persons of Ministers.

Act for the ordering of Suspensions of the Benefices and Stipends of the Clergy.

In part, viz.:

The words " Archbishop, bishop."

Act for the Naturalizaiton of Strangers.

Act concerning Prescriptions.

In part, viz.:

From " That all arreistments " to " Statuts and Ordaines, " where these words next occur.

Act concerning the forfeiture of persons in the late Rebellion.

Act concerning the Excise and Gustomes.

Act oonocrning the exportation of corns.

Act for regulateing the prices of ale and drinking beer, and ratifying a former act declaring Maltmon to be no craft &o.

Act for repairing High Ways and Bridges.

Let tor repairing High ways anc In part, namely:

From " Considering" to *]

19

20

22

‘Estates of Parliament, " from "the Shirreff of the Shire" to "heretor therin And"; from "to conveen at the head burgh" to "also to the saids Justices "; and from " and because the work " to the end.

Act concerning the Confirmation and Quote of Testaments.

Act for inbringing of Publict dues from the Northern Shyres.

Act suspending payment of Publict debts till the next session of Parliament.

Act in favours of Printers and Stationers, diechargeing the custome and excise on books imported and exported.

Commission anent the regulating of the Commisser Shirreff and other inferior courts of Justice.

Commission for Trade.

Act of Adjournment.

1670. 1670. Parliamentum apud Edinburgh. Parlt. 2nd. Sess. 2nd.

Jul. 22.

Cap. 1 Cap. 1 Act authorizeing certane Commissioners of the Kingdoms of Scotland

i to treat with Commissioners of England for the weel of both

I Kingdoms.

, 3 i, 3 j Act for raising a supply of 360000 punds Scots offered to his Majestie.

, 4 , t4 J Act against invading of Ministers.

Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1506. Ch. 38.

191

1906.

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1670. Jul. 22. Cap. 7 1670. -Act concerning1 legal! executions: to be used in the touns of Landed and Dance.

, 12 Cap. 8 Act ratifiieng the privilidges of the ordinary Lords of Session.

, 13, o Act concerning heigh wayes.

, 63, 11 Act of Adjournment.

1672. Jun. 12. 1672. Parliamentnm apud Edinburgh. Parlt. 2nd. Sees. 3rd.

Cap. 1 Cap. 1 Act for settling the Militia.

, 3, 3 Act Discharging the Importation of Irish Victuall.

.. 4, 4 Act for raising a new Supplie of 864000 pounds Scots offered to his Majestie.

* > 3 », 5 Act concerning the priveledges of Burghs Royall.

, 6 6 Act discharging second Summonds &c. In part, namely: To "without any ohange or alteration And, " and the word "further."

, 16, 7 Act concerning writs passing the great and privie Seals. In part, viz.: From " Considering how much" to " evill in tyme to come, " from " Statute and ordaine that all " to " Lykeas his Maiestie " and the words with advice forsaid."

, 17 >, 8 Act concerning Arrestments used within Burghs.

, 21, 10 Act conoeming Apparrell.

, 22, 11 Act against such who do not Baptize their Children.

, 24, 13 Act for the Ann due to the Executors of Bishopes and Ministers. In part, namely: Title, the words "Bishopes and ". The word " Bishopes."

, 25, 14 Act for the Be touring of taxt Marriages.

, 40 CO iH Act concerning thd’ Regulation of the Judicatories. In part, viz.: Art. 1, from "And that according" to "calling for it befor, " and from " Excepting onlie, " to end. Art. 2 to Art. 15 inclusive. Art. 16. Art. 17. Art. 19, from " And that the Clerk of the Bills " to " they wer mett togidder "; and from "And that the first " to the end. Art. 20 to Art. 22 inclusive. Art. 23 and Art. 24. Art. 26.

192

Ch. 38. Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1672. Jun. 12. Cap. 40 1672. Cap. 16 Act concerning the Regulation of tho Judicatories — continued. Art. 27.

Art. 28 to Art. 30 inolusive.

Art. 32, from "And that the Clerks, keipers " to " Junij 1673 " and from " upon payment of the dues " to the end.

Art. 33.

Concerning the Justice Courts.

Art. 1.

In part, namely:

From "the office of" to "five of" and from "four of the" to the end.

Art. 2.

Art. 5.

Art. 9.

, 42 r 00

, 45 tt 19

46, 20

, 47, 21

55

, 58 |, 22

, 149, 24

1673. Nov. 12. Cap. 1 Vol.II., p. 517

, 2 tt519

, 3 , 520

.» 4 1 521

Art. 11, from "and of the persons " to "the inquest"; and the words "and Assizers " and " or upon the Assize."

Concerning the Exchequer.

Art. 1 to Art. 4 inolusi ve.

From "And furder " to the end.

Act for establishing Correction-houses for Idle beggars and Vagabonds.

Act concerning Adjudications.

In part, viz.:

From "Considering how far" to "interest of debitors and Creditors" and from "that in place of" to "it is heirby Statute and Ordained"; from "But prejudice allwayes " to "maid theranent; " from "in case the debitor" to "in that case; " and from " Whilke Decreits " to the end.

Act for imploying vacant Stipends for the Universities.

Act concerning the priviledges of the office of Lyon King at Armes.

In part, viz.:

The word "Prelates"; from "For which shall be payed" to "Armes and noe more; " the words "and Bishops; " and from " and that they acqaaint " to " contraveiners of the law." Act suspending publiot Debts.

Act against Profaneness.

Act of Adjournment.

Parliamentum apud Edinburgh. Parlt. 2nd. Sess. 4th. Act concerning the preemption and Excise of Salt.

Act concerning the Importation and Excyse of Brandie.

Act concerning Apparell.

Act concerning the Impositione upon Tobacco.

1906.

Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1906. Ch. 38.

193

Record. Edition. 12rao Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1681. Jul. 28. 1681. Parliamentum apud Edinburgh. Parlt. 3rd.

Cap. 1 Cap. 1 Act rafcifieing all former laws for the security of the Protestant Religion.

»» 3, 3 Act for a voluntary Offer of a new Supplie to the Kings Majestic.

, 10, 8 Act for the continuation of the Excise,

, 11, 9 Act against personal Protections.

, 12, 10 Act concerning wives Terces. In part, viz.: From " But prejudice alwaies " to the end.

, 13, 11 Act concerning the registration of Sasinesand Reversions of Tenements within Burgh. In part, namely: The words " within Threscore dayes after the date of the same"; from ‘‘And that the Toun-Clerk" to "the several Burghs"; the words "within Sixty dayes after the date of the sasine"; and "within the said space of Sixtie days"*; and from "And it is hereby Declared" to the end.

<1 00, 12 Act for encouraging Trade and Manufactories.

, 80, 14 Act restraining the exorbitant expence of Marriages, Baptisms and burials.

, 81, 15 Act against Assassinations.

82, 16 Act concerning the Jurisdiction of the Admiral Court. In part, viz.: From "except the Great Admiral" to "allenerlie, " and from " and for the more ready " to the end.

» 83, 17 Act concerning the sale of Bankrupts lands. In part, namely: From "with consent of the debitor " to " ther is no Legal "; from " at the mercat " where these words first occur, to " the Lords deliverance"; the word "Letters" where it next occurs; and from " And the creditors having" to "placo of the Roup" where these words last occur.

W 00, 21 Act concerning the Election of Commissioners for Shires.

, 83 22 Act appointing the Quorum of the Justice Court in time of Yacance.

£- CO, 23 Act in favours of the Universitie of Saint Andrews appointing halfe a Moneth’s Cess to be raised for their use.

90 m 24 Act ordaining Bread and Butcher flesh to be sold by Weight,

91, 25 Additional Act concerning the Test.

92, 20 Act concei ning publick debts.

.. 93, 27 Act anont the prices of French and Spanish Salt,

, 94 Commission for revising the Laws.

95 Act anent the Lyone King at Arms,

N

Ch. 83. Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1900. 6 Edw. 7.

191

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1681. Jul. 28. Cap. 97 1681. | Act anent the king of Houses in Edinburgh and some other Burghs Royall with Lead Sclates, &c.

, 108, 109 i Act for rectification of valuations of the shires and declaring Coal and Salt not to boar any part of the supplie. In part, namely: To " of the Sbyre; And " and from "Providing always " to the end. j Act rescinding some Articles of the Regulation concerning Advocats, i Clerks and Writers. i

, 193 II. 568 i Act of Adjournment.

1685. Cap. 1 JAMES Til.

1685. Apr. 23. Cap. 1 Parliamentum apud Edinburgh. Parlt. 1st. Act for security of the Protestant Religion.

2, 2 A Declaration and offer of duty by the Kingdome of Scotland, with ane annexation of the Excise to the Crown.

, 3, 3 Act Concerning Citations in Processes for Treason.

« 4, 4 Act Concerning Witnesses in Processes for Treason.

, 9, 9 Act for the more effectuall payment and inbringing of his Majesty's Rents and Revenues.

, 10, io Act concerning Judiciall Confessions before the Commissioners of Justiciary.

, 12 12 1 99 1 Act of Supply.

, 22, 18] Act concerning Vacant stipends.

v 23, 19 Act rafcifteing the Privileges of the Senators of the College of Justice.

, 24, 20 Act for preserving Game.

, 25, 21 Act against Stealing of Dogs and Haulks.

26 27, 22 1 Act concerning Tailzies. In part, namely: From " And for which Record " to " aires of Tailzie" where these words next occur, and from "It is always hereby declared" to " body of his right." Act for a Commission of Trade.

, 28 Act concerning Trade and Manufactorys.

, 32, 29 Act concerning Citations before Circuit Courts.

, 37, 32 Act concerning the Militia.

, 38, 34 Act for Poll-money.

, 41, 31 j Act for Security of the Officers of State and others.

1906.

Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1906. Ch. 38.

195

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1685. Apr. 23. Cap. 47 1685. Cap. 38 i 1 Act concerning the Registration of-Writs in the Books of Session.

, 48 \ Act for a Commission anent the Estate of Arohibald Campbel lato Earle of Argyle.

, 49, 39 Act in favours of Planters and Inclosers of Ground.

, 51 41 Act declaring the Greenland Fishing to be a Manufactory.

, 57 Commission for Regulation of Inferior Judicatories.

, 59, 44 Act for a Standart of Myles.

, 121, 47 Act of Adjournment.

1686. Apr. 29. Cap. 3 1686. Cap. 2 Parliamentum apud Edinburgh. Parlt. 1st. Sess. 2nd. Act for the bettor inbringing of his Majesties Supply.

, 6 *• 8 Act appoynting the dyets of the Session.

, 10 1 Act adding Commissioners for supply for the shy res of Air Dumbarton and Caithness.

, 13, 8 Additional Act anent Highways and Bridges.

, 14 Act adding Commissioners of Supply in the shyres of Fyffe and Perth.

, 16 i 1 1 Act dissolving from the Croun forfaulted lands which held of other Superiors than the King.

, 20 23, io; i Act ordaining pursuers to furnish the Act to the defenders whereon they are to depone. Act appointing the Earl of Murray and Lord Doun conveeners of the Commissioners of Supply in the shyre of Inverness.

, 26, 14 Act prohibiting the importing of Irish Victuall anl Cattle.

, 27, 15 | Act declaring that Inhibitions shall not be prejudged by Recognition.

, 28 - 16 1 Act for burying in Scotts Linnen.

, 31 23 Commission for Regulation of Judicatories.

, 32 i 1 t Act of reference to the Councill anent allowing importatione of prohibited goods.

, 33, 19 Act anent the Registration of Sasines and Reversions.

' In part, namely:

, 35, 20 To " Lieges, Therfor, " from " Statnts and ordaines That where, " to "the Register And, " and the words "His Majestie with advice and consent forsaid." Act anent the ndmination of the Clerk to the Justices of Peace,

, 38, 24 i Act anent ane humble offer to his Majesty for ane i nposition upon certain commodities for defraying the expence of a free Coynage and other matters reliting to the Mint.

196

Ch. 38.

Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1686. 1686.

Apr. 29

Cap. 39 Act rescinding a Commission granted anent the Estate of Argyle.

, 40, 25 Act rescinding a Clause in the Address made by the Parliament against the late Earle of Argylo.

, 41, 30 Act anent the Measure of Bark.

, 42 Act rescinding ane act Entituled Act for Security of the Records.

>, 47 Act adding Commissioners for Sapply in the Shyres of Edinburgh Forfar Selkirk Kincardin Roxburgh Peebles Berwick and the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright.

, 48 Act in favours of the Sex Macers of Parliament.

, 103 Act of Adjournment. WILLIAM AND MARY.

1689. 1689. Conventio apud Edinburgh.

Mar. 14.

Cap. 1 Cap. 2 Act declaring this to be a free and lawful meeting of the Estates.

>» 2, 3 Proclamation for bringing in the bygone arrears of the publick Revenue.

, 3, 4 Act for putting the Kingdome in a posture of defence.

99 4 Act nominating the officers of Militia in the shyre of Berwick.

9* 6 - 6' Act approving the Address made by the Noblemen and Gentlemen to His Highness the Prince of Orange.

, 7, 7 Proclamation against Papists.

, io, 8 Act for securing suspect persones.

, 11 Act for distribution of the Armes amongst the westeme shyres.

, 12 Act Approving the good services done by severall persones belonging to Glasgow Argyle and uther western shyres.

, 13 Act in favors of the inhabitants of Glasgow.

Vol.IX., , 10 The nomination of the Committee Elected for settling the Government.

p. 22.

Cap. 15 :, 11 Proclamation for calling together the Militia on this syde of Tay and the fencible men in some shyres.

io Act anent the Militia Men in the Towne of Edinburgh.

, 20 Act in favors of the Tonne of Edinburgh.

, 21 Act anent transporting of Armes to Glasgovr.

, 22' Act for a new Nomination of Magistrates in the Towne of Edinburgh.

, 23 1, 12 I 1 Warrand to the Duke of Hamilton to secure suspect persons.

190 .

Statute Law .Revision(Scotland) Act, 1906. 38.

197

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1689. 1689.

Mar. 14. Cap. 24 Act appoynting the shireffe fiers to be the pryce of victuall payable to

, 27 the Exchequer for the Cropt 1688. Act in favors of the Horetors within the Towne of Glasgow.

, 29 Cap. 14 Proclamation declaring William and Mary King and Queen of England

« 30 tt 15 to be King and Queen of Scotland. Act declaring that the Estates are to continue in the Government

i* 32 until the King and Queen of England accept the Croune. Act for a new eloction of Magistrates in toun of Dundee.

* 33 Proclamation ordaining the absent Members from the Meeting of the

, 34, 16 Estates to attend. Proclamation against owning of the late King James and appoynting

ft 35 17 publick prayers for William and Mary King and Queen of Scotland. Additional Warrand for publishing the proclamation of William and

36, 38, 19 Mary King and Quoen of Scotland. Act anent the Militia. Warrand for ano Embargo upon ships and other vessells on the

43 Westerne Coast of Sootland. Act in favours of the Good Towne of Edinburgh for disbanding the

, 44 Companyunder the command of Captain Grahame. Act for a new Election of Magistrates in the Burgh of Rothesay.

ii 45, 20 Act for a levy of Horsemen out of the severall shyres of tho

, 46, 21 Kingdom. The Oath to be administered to the King and Queen at their accep-

, , 47 tance of the Oroune. Act in favours of the British Protestants corned from Ireland.

, 48, 22 Act for a new Election of Magistrates in the severall Royall Burghos.

« 49, 23 Act for levying some Regiments of foot.

, 50 Act for a now Election of Magistrates in Irvine.

, 51 Additional Act concerning the Embargo.

, 52 Act for valueing the two ships ordered to be fitted out for the public

« 54 >, 24 service. Act for Modelling the 500 horses in ten troopcs.

* 55 Act and Commission in favours of His Grace tho Duke of Hamiltoun

, 56 for a Garrisone in the Castle of Arran. Act and Commission in favours of the Earl Marishall for a Garrisone

, 57 >t 25 in the Castle of Dunnottor. Act ordering ane Embargo on all ships.

, 58 Act ordering the Rates of oates hay & straw for His Majesties forces.

198

Ch. 38.

Statute Law Revision (Scotland), 1906. 6 Edw. 7,

Record Edition. 12mo Edition.

1689. Mar. 14. Cap. 60 1689. Cap. 26

, 61, 28

, 68, 31

, 69

, 74 9932 1

, 75, 33

, 79, 34

, 80, 35

, 81 i

9 984, 36

lO 00

00 o>

, 87 ! !

CO o

99 91

9, 92

, 93

, 95

Vol.IX. p. 93. 37

Cap. 97, 40 1

1689. Jun. 5. Cap. 1, 1

, 2 ! *

, 3

»» 4 99 3

Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

Act nominating Commissioners to treate concerning the Union of the Two Kingdomes.

Act nominating porsones to attend their Majesties with the offer oi the Cronne.

A Proclamation for a publick Thanksgiving.

Act in favors of the Collector of the Customes and Excyse at Leith.

Act for raising Four Moncths Supply.

Act in favors of the Yassalls & Creditors of forfaulted persones.

Act for a voluntar Contribution to the Irish and French Protestants.

Commission to the Committee of Estates.

Act in favors of the Magistrates of Air.

Act of Adjournment of the Meeting of Estates.

Proclamation requyring the absent Members to attend.

Act for a new meeting of the Commissioners of Supply in some shyres.

Act containing a new Nomination of Commissioners for the Supply in the shyre of Aberdeen.

Act concerning the late Election of Magistrates in the burgh of Montrose.

Act and Warrand for a new Election of Commissioners for the shyre of Posse.

Act in favors of some Noblemen and Gentlemen for raising fencible men within the shyre of Fyfe.

Act in favors of the Commissioners of Supply of the shyre of Dum* bartoun.

Act in favors of the Inhabitants of the Toun of Glasgow.

Warrant to the Duke of Hamilton to draw Precepts for paying the Forces.

Act Adjourning the Meeting of the Estates to the fyfth of June.

Parliamentum apud Edinburgh. Parlt. 1st.

Act declaring the Meeting of the Estates to be a Parliament.

Act Recognizing their Majesties Royall Authoritie and for taking the Oath of Alledgeance.

Proclamation requyring the absent members to attend the Parliament.

Act abolishing Prelacie.

In part, namely:

From " And hereby roscinds *’ to the end.

1900.

Statute Law Revision () Act, 1906. Ch. .38.

199

Record Edition. 12mo Edition.

1689. Jun. 5. Cap. 5 1689.

' , 7

Yol. IX., p. 106. Cap. 6

1690. Apr. 15. Cap. 1 1690. Cap. 1

, 2 2

, 3 > 3

, 6

, 7, 5 i

, 8, 6

, io

, 11 8

, 12, 9

, 13, io

, 14, U

, 15 9912

, 17 99 14

, 23

, 25, 17

, 26, 18

, 37

, 45

, 48, 12

, 51

Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

Act for furnishing Baggage horses to the Army.

Act authorizing the Councill to call out the Heretors and fensible men. Act of Adjournment.

Parliamenturu apud Edinburgh. Parlt. 1st. Sess. 2nd.

t

Act Rescinding the first Act of the Second Parliament J669.

Act restoreing the Presbyterian Ministers who were thrust from their Churches since the 1st of January, 1661.

Act concerning the Election of Committees of Parliament.

Act adjourning the Courts of Judicature untill the first of July.

Act ratifying the Confession of Faith and settling Presbyterian Church Government.

In part, namely:

From " Lykeas, In pursuance" to "take further course therewith."

Act for raising a Supply offered to their Majesties.

Proclamation for a Publick Fast.

Act anent the Commissioners of Supply who do not take the Oath of Allegiance.

Act for Poll Money for relief of the Heritors.

Act for ane Additional Supply out of the annual rent of Money.

Act for ane additional Representation in Parliament of the greater Shyres of this Kingdome.

Act in favors of the Royall Burrowes.

Act Impowering the Privy Councill to put the Oath of Allegiance to suspect persons or to secure them.

Act concerning the sitting of the Session and inferior Courts.

Act for visitation of Universities Colledges and Schoolls.

Act Rescinding the Forefaultures and Fynes since the year 1665.

Act adding Commissioners of Supply in the shyre of Cromarty.

Act in favours of the Tonne of Glasgow anent the salo of some part of their Common Good.

Act of Dissolution of the forefaulted Lands annexed to the Crowns in the Reigne of the late Xing James.

Act anent the Coynage of Copper.

200

Ch. 38. Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Record I 12mo Edition. j Edition.

Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1690. Apr. 15. Cap. 53

, 54-, 55 57, 58 6)

, 61

52, 96 »7, 98, 99, 100, 101, 102, 103

104

» 105

Vol. IX., p. 230.

1690. fclepfc. 3. Cap. 2

, 3

.. 5

1690. Cap. 23

, 24, 25 27, 98 31

, 32

, 42, 40

, 39 # y 38, 37, 36, 35, 34

, 33

, 43, 45

1690. Cap. 4, 3

, 2

Act concerning Patronages.

In part, namely:

From "considering that" to "continued in this Realme"; the word "Therefore " noxt thereafter occurring; from " Discharge, cass annuli " to with advyce and consent forsaid " where these words lastly occur; and the word "said " twice occurring next thereafter.

Act concerning Vacant Stipends in the Synod of Argyle.

Act against Profaneness.

Act Rescinding the laws for Conformity.

Act Rescinding severall Acts of Parliament as useless or hurtfull.

Act Rescinding Forfaultures in absence before the Justice Court preceiding the year 1669 and restoring Caldwell and Kersland and Mr. William Voitch.

Act in favours of the small vassalls of Kirklands who now hold of their Majesties.

In part, namely:

To " Exchequer or other dewes. And."

Act anent the Executione of Poyndings in Galloway.

Act anent the retoured duty of Annual rents.

Act anent short Prescriptions of Adjudications and others.

Act anent Removing from Land.

Act for Security of their Majesties Government.

Act anent persons killed in the Kings Host *

Act anent the Mint.

Act anent Ministers that have not prayed for the King and Queen.

Act annulling the gift of Erection of the Roy all Company of the Fishery.

Act for security of the Creditors Vassalls and heirs of Entail of persons forefaulted.

Remit of the Proces of Treason to the Lords of Justiciary.

Act of Adjournment.

Parliamentum apud Edinbugh. Parlt. 1st. Scss. 3rd.

Act for Repressing the Depredations in the Highlands.

Act against robbing of the Pacquet.

Act and OiTer to their Majesties of Three Moneths Cess and Hearth

money in liew of the sixth part of Annuall rents.

1906.

Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1906. Ch. 38.

201

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1690. Sept. 3. Cap. 6 1690. Cap. 1 i Act for unlawing and amerciating Mombers absent from Parliaments or Conventions of Estates or from the dyets thereof.

, 7 Act appointing the Commissioners of Supply to meet at the Michaelmas head Court.

, 8 Act for Electing Additionall Commissioners in some Shyres.

Vol.IX. p. 238., 6 Act of Adjournment.

' 1693. Apr. 18. Cap. 1 1693. Parliamentum apud Edinburgh. Parlt. 1st. Sess. 4th. Act concerning the Members who have not signed the Assurance.

99 2 Act against the Members who have not taken the oath of Allegiance.

99 <3 Act fyning the absent Barons and Bnrrowes.

99 4 Act fyning the absent Noblemen.

»> 6 Cap. 1 Act for a Monethly Fast.

, 8 ft 2 Act for a new Supply out of the Land Rent.

», 9 Act for Levying of Seamen.

t> 10 3 Act for ane additional Excise.

, 11, 4 Act anent false Musters and froe Quarters and anent due paying of their Majesties Forces.

, 12 5 Act anent the loyall Cureing and Packing of Herring and Salmond Fish.

, 15, 7 Act for the Levy.

, 16 8 Act against Correspondence with France.

, 17 H 9 Act for Pole Money.

, 18, io Act ordering Quartering for the Bishops Rents in the Bounds of tho Synod of Argylo and the Isles.

, 20, 11 j Act Adjourning the Session to the First of November.

, 21, 12 | Act concerning Citations to the first and second Dyets. In part, namely: To " And further.".

.. 29 M 16 Act explanatory anent the Additional Excise.

, 30 ft 17 Act anent advising Concluded Causes.

, 31, 18 Act anent the Signing of Interlocutors immediately after voting. In part, viz.: From the words "in all points " to " go to the vote and "; and I the word "that" between "Dyet" and "the Interloquitor."

, 32 tt 19 Act anent the Lords of Session sitting in the Outer-house by turns.

, 33, 20 Act anent Advocats their Subscribing tho Minutes of Debate *

202

Ch. 38. .-Statute Law Revision (Scotland), 1906 6 Edw. 7,

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1693. Apr. 18. Cap. 34 1693. Cap. 21 Act anent the Lord Ordinar hiB not leaving the Outer bench.

, 37 Act prorogating tho Monethly Fast within the Town and Suburbs of Edinburgh.

, 38 22 Act for Settling the Quiet and Peace of the Church. In part, namely:From "for tho more effecfcuall Settleing" to "said Office And lastly."

, 39, 23 Act Renewing the Commission for Plantation of Kirks and Valuation of Teinds. In part, namely: From " and it being fitt and convenient" to the end.

, 4Q, 26 Act anent the Lords of Session their advising with open doors. In part, namely: EVotn "and hereby casses " to the end.

n45, 28 Act anent the Common Good of Royall Burrowes. In part, viz.:From "and for preventing the like" to "that doe affect the samen; " and the words "both of Merchants and Deacons of Crafts."

, 46, 31 Act anent Forfaulted Persons.

, 48, 29 Act anent the right making and measuring of linen Cloath.

, 49 Act in favours of the Manufactury of baises and Erecting them in a free Incorporation.

>, 50 32 Act for Encouraging of Forraigne Trade.

, 51, 30 Act and Ratification anent the Communication of Trade to Burghs of Barony and Regality. In part, namely: From " and their Majesties with consent forsaid " to the end.

, 60, 37 Act Prorogating the Dyet for Ministers to take the Oath of Ailed-geonce and Assurance.

, 61, 38 Additional Act ordaining the Lords of Session to judge summarly anent the persons restored against their Forfaultures.

, 62, 39 Act for the Justiciary in the Highlands.

, 64, 40 Act against Profaneness.

, 67, 41 Act altering the Quorum of the Commission for visitation of Universities Oolledges and Schools.

, 7], 33 Act anent Resetting and Intercommuning with declared Traitors.

, 72, 34 Commission for Regulation of Judicatories.

, 73, 35 Act anent Procuratories of Resignation and Precepts of Sasine.

Vol.IX., p. 346., 43 Act of Adjournment.

1906.

Statute Laiv Revision (Scotland) 1906. Cff. -38.

2Q3

Record Edition. 12rao Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1695. Mai. 9. Cap. 1 1695. Cap. 1 Parliamentum apud Edinburgh. Parlt. 1st. Sess. 5th. Act for a Solemn Past.

, 4, 2 Act Regulating Citations before the Parliament.

, 5, 3 Act Adjourning the Summer Session till the first of July.

, 6 4 Act anent the Justice Court. In part, via.: From " And that after the said dispute " to " shall proceed to the advising"; and from "And it is further hereby statute" to the end.

, 8 6 Act regulating the sale and Payment of Bankrupts Estates. In part, viz.: From in the hands of the Magistrats " to " compleat payment thereof "; the words "in manner forsaid " twice thereafter occurring; and from "And further His Majesty" to "may affect the purchase."

, 9, 7 Act for Six Months Supply upon the Land Rent.

, 10, 8 Act for a Company Tradeing to Afirica and the Indies.

, 11 j, 9 Act adjourning the Session till the first day of November 1695.

9 9 12, 10 Act for Pole Money.

, 16 13 Act against Prophaneness.

, 17, 14 Act for Restraining the Profanation of the Lords Day by keeping weekly Mercats on Monday and Saturday.

» 27, 16 Act anent the ease of annual rents due by Persons restored and anent the Creditors diligence to be used against them.

, 28, 17 Act anent the Mint.

, 29, 18 Act anent the Quorum of the Commission for Plantation of Kirks and Valuation of Teinds.

, 32, 21 Explanatory Act anent the Excise of Brandy.

, 35, 22 Act against Intruding into Churches without a Legall Call and Admission thereto. In part, namely: The words " from the Heretors and Eldership " and from " Likas-His Majesty Doth " to the end.

, 36, 23 Act anent Lands lying Run-rig. Id part, viz.: The words " Stewarts and Lords of Regality."

» 39, 24 Act for Obviating the fraud of Appearand Heirs.

, 40, 25 Act anent the Repetition of Fines.

» 42, 26 Act discharging Popish Persons to prejudge their Protestant Heirs in Succession.

204 pH. 38, Statute Law Revision (, 1906. C Edw. 7.

Record j Edition, j 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1695. Mai. 9. 1695.

Cap. 51 Cap. 27 Act concerning the Church.

In part, viz.:

From "being sensible of the hurt" to "good to allow, and";

from "hereby allowes to all Ministers" to "notwithstanding-

And His Majesty with consent forsaid"; and from "And lastly " to the end.

.. 52, 28 Act for the Additional and Annexed Excises,

, 53, 29 Act for continuing the Additional Excise till March 1697 with three

Moneths farther Cess.

, 55 31 Act for Turning the Tack of the Pole 1693 into a Collection.

, 57 Act and Commission for Reviseing the laws and practiques of this

I Kingdom.

, 63, 32: Act for Encouraging the Exportation of Victual.

, 64, 33 Act for the Levies.

, 65, 34 Ac.t for Additional Imposition upon Forraign Commodities imported.

, 66, 35 Act anent Burying in Scots Linen.

, 67 36 Act anent the Skinners.

, 68 M 37 Act anent the Justiciary of the Highlands.

, 71, 40 Act anent Letters passing the Signet. In part, viz.: The words " and Letters of Citation before the Parliament."

, 73, 42 Act allowing the Administrators of the Common good of Burrowes to Adventure their Stocks or any part thereof in the Company of Forraign Trade. Act for Roviving the Acts of Councill anent tho Poor.

, 74, 43

Vol. IX., , 45 Act of Adjournment.

p. 523.

1696. Sopt. 8. Cap. 1 1696. Parliamentum apud Edinburgh. Parlt. 1st. Soss. 6th.

Cap. 1 Act anent tho Supply of Eighteen Moneths Cess upon tho Land Rent.

, 2, 2 Act for an Additional Excise.

3 n 3 Act appointing tho Association to be Subscribed by all persons in publict trust.

* > 4 4 Act for regulateing Deeds done on death bed.

i) 5, 5 Act for declaring nottour Bankrupt. In part, namely: The words " or retire to the Abbey or any other privileged place, " " or retireing " and " retiroing." Act for Selling of Meal by weight.

, 6 6

, 7 9* 7 Act allowing tho Venting of Rum.

1906.

Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act 1906. Ch, 38.

205

Record Edition. 12mo Edition.

1696. Sept. 8. Cap. 9 1696. Cap. 9

, io 10

, 11, 11

, 12, 12

, 38 n 18

, 19, 19

, 21, 21

, 22, 22

9923, 23

, 24, 24

, 27, 27

, 28, 28

, 29, 29

, 30 30

, 31, 31

32, 32

, 35, 33

, 36 9934

, 39, 37

, 40, 38

, 43, 40

Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

Act of Prescription anont Tutors and Curators accompts.

In part, namely:

From " as also that " to the end.

Act that no Law pass at the first reading.

Act Explanatory of tho Act 1695 Entitulod Act for obviating the fraud of Appearand Heirs.

Act anent tho Privileges of Burghs of Rogality and Barrony as to the Cnreing and packing of Salmond fish.

Act anent Registration of Seasins and other writts and diligences.

In part, namely: .

From " and that notwithstanding" to " Articles of the said Act."

Act for Registrating of Summonds that shall be made use of for Interruptions.

In part, namely:

The words "upon a bill"; from "in a particular Register" to " keept at Edinburgh; " from " And that this registration " to "keopt in books apart "; from "and allows" to "Hornings and Inhibitions"; and from "And His Majestie " to the end. Act anent Aliments.

Act for Expenses in Suspensions.

Act anent the Lovy of a Thousand men.

Act for the better payment of the Creditors on forfault Estates.

Act approving tho Proclamation of Council for encourageing the Import of Victnall.

Act anent Protestant Servants in Popish Families.

Act for the better provideing the Poor and repressing of Beggars.

Act ratifieing the Proclamation of Council anent the Polo 1695.

Act against Prophaneness.

Act anent the Aliment of poor prisoners.

Act against Killers of Black Fish and Destroyers of tho Fry and Smolts of Salmond.

In part; namely:

To " discovery of the delinquents and "; and from under tho pains " to the end.

Act appointing Proclamations and other Legall Executions within the Stowartry of Monteith to be published and execute at the mercat cross of Doun in place of the Tapaltae.

Act anent the Measuring of Malt.

Act anent the old Fourteen shilling piccos and their Halfs.

Act Prorogating the Commission of Justiciary for the Highlands.

206

Ch. 38. Statute Law Revision () Act, 1906. C Edw. 7.

Record

Edition.

1696. Sept. 8. Cap. 44

45

, 46, 47 Vol. X.,

p. 112.

1698. Jul. 19. Cap. 1

5

6

7

9

10

11

12

14

33

34

36

37

38

39

12mo

Edition.

Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1696. Cap. 41

, 42, 43, 44, 46

1698. Cap. 1 4

, 5

ft 6

t, 7, 9

, t 10

, 11

12

14

15

17

18

19

20

Act declaring Minors free from Personall Execution for Civill Canses during their Pupillnrity.

Act against false Coyning and Clipping of Money.

Act discharging the makeing use of Salt in brewing Ale or Beer.

Act for makeing Salt upon Salt.

Act of Adjournment.

Parliamentum apud Edinburgh. Parlt. 1st. Sess. 7th.

Act anent the Supply of Sixteen Months Cess upon the Land Rent.

Act concerning Registration of Probative Writs.

In part, namely:

The words " and the principall to be given back to the partie."

Act in favors of Minors anent Registrating Summonds and Instruments of Interruption.

Act against Clandestine and Irregular Marriages.

In part, namely

From "Acts of Parliament " to "viz. The, " from "and 12 Act " to " current Parliament, " and the words "and 1695."

Act Dischargeing the Wearing of Gold and Silver Lace.

Act anent Quartering of Souldiers.

Act anent Quartering for Deficiency.

Act for the Ease of small Yassalls of Bishops Lands now hoi den of the King.

In part, viz.:

The words " and precepts for infefting of their heirs and the words "or Baillies of Regality, " and " or Baillies of Regalitie."

Act anent Pole Money.

Act in favors of the Four Ordinary Macers of the Session.

Act in favors of the Senators of the Col ledge of Justice.

Act for preserving the Game.

Act anent Persons going to and returning from France.

Act anent the Tunnage.

Act regulating the Trade betwixt burghs Royall and Burghs of Regality Barony and others.

Act for settleing the Communication of Trade.

In part, namely:

From "and especially about " to " mentioned in the Slid Act"; and from "that in the terms declared " to "with advyce and consent forsaid."

1906.

Statute Lav) Revision (Scotland) Act, 1906. Ch. 38.

207

Record 1 Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1698. 1693.

Jul. 19.

Cap. 40 Cap. 21 Act anent the Poor.

, 41, 22 Act against Personal Protections.

, 42, 23 Aol anent the Excyso of Brandie.

, 43, 24 Act for the Encouragement of White fishing and Herring fishing.

, 44 !, 25 Act continneing the Pole.

, 47, 26 Act and Remit to the Commission of the Pole.

Yol. X., 1, 28 Act of Adjournment.

p. 182.

1700. 1700. Parliamentum apud Edinburgh. Parlt. 1st. Sess. 9th.

Oct. 29.

Cap. 1 Cap. 1 Act Adjourning the Session to the first Tuesday of December.

, 2, 2 Act for Secureing the Protestant Religion and Presbyterian Govern* ment.

, 3, 3 Act for preventing the grouth of Popery.

" 4 4 Act Adjourning the Session till the first of January.

.. 5 1, 5 Act adjourning the Session to the twenty eight day of January next.

1701. 1701.

Jan. 31.

Cap. 6 Cap. 6 Act for preventing wrongous Imprisonments and against undue delayes in Tryals. In part, viz.: From " And to the effect that to " the like penalty of wrongous imprisonment "; from " And siklike it is hereby " to " anything in this Act notwithstanding "; and the words "parties disobedient or contumacious to Church censures.’ *

, 7, 7 Act Rescinding the Act of Parliament 1663 asserting the Kings prerogative in the ordering of Trade.

, 8 8 Act Discharging the importing and wearing of Forreign Woollen Manufacture.

, 9, 9 Act Discharging the Exportation of Wool.

11, 10 Act Dischargeing Wine Brandie and all other Liquors of the grouth of France.

, 12, 11 Act against Profaneness.

CO rH, 12 Act prohibiteing the Importing of Silk Stuffs and others.

, 14, 13 Act in favors of the African and Indian Company.

, 15, 14 Act Dischargeing the Quota of Testaments.

, 16 1, 15 j Act for a Supply of Twolve Moneths Cess upon the land rent.

, 53 1 t f'16 Act and Commission anent the Pole.

, 54, 18 Act of Adjournment.

i

208 Ch. 38. Statute Law Revision (Scotland), 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

ANNE. '

1702. Jun. 9. Cap. 1 1702. Cap. 1 Parliamentum apud Edinburgh, Act recognizeing her Majesties Royall Authority.

, 2 >9 2 Act Adjourning the Session till the first of July next.

, 3 99 3 Act for Secureing the trae Protestant Religion and Presbyterian Government.

, 4 99 4 Act Declaring the present meeting of Parliament to be a law full and free meeting of Parliament.

, 5 99 5 Act for a National Fast.

, 6 99 6 Act anent the Supply of Ten Months and a halfs Cess upon the Land Rent.

, 7 99 7 Act enabling her Majesty to appoint Commissioners to treat For an Union betwixt the two Kingdoms of Scotland and England.

‘ M 8 99 8 Act for the Justiciary in the Highlands.

Yol. XI., P-28. 99 9 Act of Adjournment.

1703. Mai. 6. Cap. 1 1703. Cap. 1 Parliamentum apud Edinburgh. Act Asserting and Recognizeing her Majesties Authority.

ft 2 99 2 Act for Secureing the true Protestant Religion and Presbyterian Government.

, 3 •9 3 Act Ratifieing the turning the meeting of the Estates in the year 1689 into a Parliament.

, 4 99 4 Act anent Leesing Makers and Slanderers.

, 7 99 6 Act and Commission anent the Public Accounts.

, 8 99 7 Act Dischargeing Butchers to be Grasiers, <fcc.

, 9 99 8 Act in favors of the Company trading to Africa and the Indies.

, 10 99 9 Act Dischargeing Importation of Irish Victual Beef and Cattle.

, 11 99 10 Act continuing the Prohibition of Exporting English or Irish Wool till the next Session of Parliament inclusive.

, 13 99 11 Act allowing the Importation of Wines and other Foreign Liquors.

1704. Jul. 6. Cap. 1 1704. Cap. 1 Parliamentum apud Edinburgh. Parlt. 1st. Se3s. 2nd. Act Adjourning the Session.

» 4 99 4 Act anent the Sapply of Six Moneths Cess upon the Land Rent.

, 5 99 5 Act in favors of the Five Lords Commissioners of the Justiciary.

1906.

209

Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1906. Ch 38. '

Record Edition. l2mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1704. 1704.

Jul. 6.

Cap. 6 Cap. 6 Act allowing the Exportation of Wool, <fcc.

, 7 99 7 Act continuing the Commission for the Publick Accounts.

9, 8 Act for an Imposition on Foreign Ships that come into this Kingdom for bearing the charges of finishing the Maps and description of Lho Sea coasts and Isles <feo.

1705. 1705. Parliamentum apud Edinburgh. Parlt. 1st. Sess. 3rd.

Jan. 28.

Cap. 47 Cap. 1 Act Discharging the Importation of English Irish and Forreign Butter and Cheese.

48, 2 Act for advancing and establishing the Fishing Trade in and about this Kingdom. In part, namely: From " And for the better carrying on " to the end.

, 49, 3 Act appointing a Council of Trade.

, 50, 4 Act for a Treaty with England.

, 51 5 Act for incouraging the Exportation of Beef and Pork.

, 52 », 6 Act Declaring Linnen and Woollen Manufacture free of duty at Expoitation.; o

, 53, 7 Act for a Supply of Seven Months Cess out of the Land Rent*; ,

Vol.XI. p. L99., 10 Act of Adjournment.

1706. 1706. Parliamentura apud Edinburgh. Parlt. 1st. Sess. 4th.

Oct. 3.

Cap. 1 Cap. 1 Act Adjourning the Session till the first day of December next.

2, 2 Act for a Supply of Eight Months Cess out of the Land Rent.

3 99 3 Act against all Musters and Rendevouzes during the present Session of Parliament without Her Majesties special command.

, 4 o 4 Act adjurneing the Session to the first day of January next and coutinueing the sitting thereof from the last of February to the last day of March next inclusive.

. 1707. Jan. 2. 1707.

Cap. 5 Oct. 3. Cap. 5 Act Adjourning the Session to the fourth day of February next to come.

Cap. 7, 7 Act Ratifying and Approving the Treaty of Union of the Two Kingdoms of Scotland and England. In part, namely: Art . v. Art. vi. from " And seeing " to the end. Art. viii. Arts. x. to xv. Art. xvi., from " And a mint " to the end. Art. xvii. Art. xix., from " And that after the Union*’ to the end. Art. xxii., from " And that when to the end.

O

•210 Ch. 38, 39. Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7-

Record Edition. 12mo Edition. Title of Enactment and Extent of Repeal.

1707. Oct. 3. Cap. 8 1707. Cap. 8 Act Settling the manner of Electing the Sixteen Peers and Forty Five Commoners to Represent Scotland in the Parliament of Great Britain. In part, namely: From "and that of the" to "his or their place, " and from " and Protestant excluding " to the end.

, 10 »• 9 Act anent Plantation of Kirks and Valuation of Teinds. In part, namely: The words each Wednesday in the afteruoon "; and from " And also declaring " to " and none else.’ *

, 11, 10 Act Discharging Musters and Rendezvouzes till the first day of January next and Prorogating the Suspension of the clause in the Act of Security thereanent till the said time.

91, 13 Act for preserving the Game. In part, namely: To " as above As also" and from " And if any common Fowller " to the end.

, 94 », 14 Act for Burying in Woollen.

, 96, 15 Act concerning the Payment of the Sums out of the Equivalent to the African Company.

97, 16 Act concerning the Publick Debts.

Vol XI., p. 491., 18 Act of Adjournment.

CHAPTER 39.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Sale of Intoxicating Liquors in Ireland on Saturdays and Sundays, and for other purposes connected therewith.

[29th November 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Continuance 1. The Sale of Liquors on Sunday (Ireland) Act, 1878, as amended by this Act, shall continue in force until Parliament Vict. c. 72. otherwise enacts, with the modification that, in section one

1906. Intoxicating Liquors () Act, 1906. Ch. 39.

211

thereof, the word "five" shall be substituted for "seven, " notwithstanding anything in any public or local Act.

2. It shall not be lawful for any person to sell or expose for sale intoxicating liquor, or to open or keep open any premises for the sale of the same, on Saturdays after ten o’clock at night in the case of cities or towns, the population of which, according to the last parliamentary census, exceeds five thousand, and after nine o’clock at night in all other towns and places in Ireland; and the provisions of every Act (in regard to penalties and otherwise) relating to selling or exposing for sale, or purchasing, intoxicating liquor, or opening or keeping open any premises for the sale of intoxicating liquor, or being present in or upon any such premises at any hour, shall be amended in this particular, and shall apply as if the said hours respectively were specified therein as the hours at which licensed premises are required to be closed on Saturdays. Where any business, other than the sale of intoxicating liquors, is carried on in the licensed premises the whole of such premises shall be closed at the hours aforesaid, unless the portion of the same in which such sale of intoxicating liquors is carried on is structurally separated from the remainder of the building:

Nothing in this Act shall in any way interfere with the rights of any licensed person who is the owner or lessee of a theatre, music hall, or other place of public amusement, but all such persons shall have the same rights and privileges as they have now under the existing licensing law as if this Act had not been passed.

3. Nothing in this Act shall be construed to apply to sales of intoxicating liquor to lodgers, or to sale of intoxicating liquor in packet boats, or in canteens in pursuance of the Acts regulating the same, or shall preclude the sale at a railway station refreshment room which is licensed for the sale of intoxicating liquors on arrival or departure of trains, or to bona fide travellers.

For the purposes of this Act and the other Acts relating to the sale of intoxicating liquors, a person residing or lodging within the metropolitan police district of Dublin, or any of the cities of Waterford, Cork, Limerick, and Belfast, shall not be deemed to be a bona fide traveller, unless the place where he lodged during the preceding night is at least five miles distant from the place where he demands to be supplied with liquor, such distance to be calculated by the nearest public thoroughfare.

4. This Act may be cited as the Intoxicating Liquors (Ireland) Act, 1906. This Act shall commence and come into operation on the first day of January one thousand nine hundred and seven.

0 2

Closing hours on Saturday.

Exemptions. Bon& fide travellers.

[Short title and commencement.]

212

6 Edw. 7.

Marriages of British subjects with foreigners abroad.

Ch. 4(7. Marriage with Foreigners Act, 1906.

CHAPTER 40.

An Act to amend the Law with respect to Marriages between British Subjects and Foreigners.

[29th November 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) Any British subject who desires to he married in a foreign country to a foreigner according to the law of that country may, if it is desired for the purpose of complying with the requirement of the law of that countiy to obtain the certificate hereinafter mentioned, give notice of the marriage, if resident in the United Kingdom, to the registrar, and if resident abroad, to the marriage officer, and apply to the registrar or officer for a certificate that after proper notices have been given no legal impediment to the marriage has been shown to the registrar or officer to exist, and the registrar or officer shall, after the conditions set out in the Schedule to this Act have been complied with, give the certificate applied for, unless the certificate is forbidden or a caveat is in operation as provided in that Schedule, or some legal impediment to the marriage is shown to the registrar or officer to exist.

(2) If a person —

(a) knowingly and wilfully makes a false oath or signs a false notice of marriage for the purpose of a certificate under this section; or

(b) forbids the granting of a certificate under this section by falsely representing himself to be a person who is authorised to forbid the certificate, knowing that representation to be false, that person shall be guilty of perjury, and, if the offence is committed abroad, may be tried in any county or place in the United Kingdom in which the offender may be, and dealt with in the same manner in all respects as if the offence had been committed in that county or place.

(3) If any person enters a caveat on grounds which the registrar or officer or, in case of appeal, the Registrar-General declares to be frivolous, that person shall be liable to pay as a debt to the applicant for the certificate such sum as the registrar or officer or, in the case of appeal, the Registrar-General considers to be proper compensation for the damage caused to the applicant by the entering of the caveat.

(4) Such fees may be charged in respect of any notice of an intended marriage, or any application for or grant of a certificate, or the entering of a caveat under this section, as may be fixed, as respects certificates to be granted by or caveats entered with registrars, by the Registrar-General, writh the

1906.

Marriage with Foreigners Act, 1906. Ch. 40.

213

consent of His Majesty in Council, and, as respects certificates

to be granted by or caveats entered with a marriage officer, as

may be fixed by Order under the Consular Salaries and Fees 54 & 55 Vict.

Act, 1891. c. 36.

2. — (1) Where arrangements have been made to the Marriage of satisfaction of His Majesty with any foreign country for the ^"tish issue by the proper officers of that country, in the case of subjects in the persons subject to the marriage law of that country proposing United King-to marry British subjects in the United Kingdom, of certificates dom‘

that, after proper notices have been given, no impediment according to the law of that country has been shown to exist to the marriage, His Majesty may, by Order in Council, make regulations -

(a) requiring any person, subject to the marriage law of that

foreign country, who is to be married to a British subject in the United Kingdom, to give notice of the fact that he is subject to the marriage law of that country to the person by or in the presence of whom the marriage is to be solemnised; and

(b) forbidding any person to whom such a notice is given

to solemnise the marriage or to allow it to be solemnised until such a certificate as aforesaid is produced to him.

(2) If any person knowingly acts in contravention of, or fails to comply with, any such regulation, he shall be guilty of a misdemeanour, and shall be liable to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding one year.

(3) Nothing in this section shall be taken to relate or have any reference to any marriages between two persons professing the Jewish religion solemnised according to the usages of the Jews in the presence of the secretary of a synagogue authorised

by either the Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1836, or the 6 & 7 will. 4. Marriages (Ireland) Act, 1844, or by the Marriage and Regis- c-86-tration Act, 1856, to register such a marriage, or of a deputy Vict* appointed by such secretary by writing under his hand, and i9 & 20 Vict 20 Vict. approved by the president fojr the time of the London committee c-l19* of deputies of the British Jews by writing under his hand.

3. His Majesty may by Order in Council make general Power to regulations prescribing the forms to be used under this Act mak? general

o o room loti atiq

i i ill reuiuaiioiiDi

and making such other provisions as seem necessary or expedient for the purposes of this Act, and may by Order in Council revoke, alter, or add to any Order in Council made under this Act.

4. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, — interpretation.

The expressions "Registrar-General " and "registrar"

mean respectively the Registrar-General within the meaning of the Births and Deaths Registration Act,

1836, and a superintendent registrar of marriages within the meaning of the Marriage Act, 1836; and

214

Ch. 40.

Marriage with Foreigners, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

55 & 56 Vict. c. 23.

Application to Scotland.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 80.

Application to Ireland.

Short title

The expression "marriage officer" means a marriage officer for the time being under the Foreign Marriage Act, 1892, and includes any person for the time being empowered to register a marriage under section eighteen of that Act.

5. In the application of this Act to Scotland —

(1) References to the forbidding of a certificate shall not apply;

2) A reference to a caveat shall be construed as a reference to an objection, and the provisions respecting the entry of a caveat on frivolous grounds shall not apply;

(3) The expressions " Registrar-General " and "registrar"

mean respectively the Registrar-General of births, deaths, and marriages in Scotland, and the registrar of births, deaths, and marriages for a parish or district under the Registration of Births, Deaths, and Marriages (Scotland) Act, 1854, and the Acts amending that Act;

(4) Paragraph (a) of subsection one of section two shall be

read as if the following words were inserted after the word "solemnised, " namely, " or to any registrar, " law agent, or other person whom he desires to " draw up any declaration of irregular marriage " between him and a British subject "; and paragraph (b) of the same subsection shall be read as if the following words were inserted after the word "solemnised, " namely, " or to aid in effecting the said irregular marriage ";

(5) The duly appointed minister of a synagogue shall be

substituted in subsection (3) of section two for the secretary of the synagogue or deputy as described in that subsection.

6. In the application of this Act to Ireland the expressions "Registrar-General " and " registrar " mean respectively the Registrar-General and registrar within the meaning of the Marriages (Ireland) Act, 1844.

7. This Act may be cited as the Marriage with Foreigners Act, 1906.

SCHEDULE.

Part I.

Provisions applicable except in Scotland.

A. — Conditions.

1. The applicant shall sign a notice stating the name, surname, profession, condition, nationality, and residence of each of the parties to the marriage, and whether each of the parties is or is not a minor.

1906. Marriage with Foreigners Act, 1906. Ch. 40. 215

2. The applicant shall at the time of giving the notice make and subscribe in a book to be kept by the registrar or officer for the purpose an oath —

(a) that the applicant believes that there is no impediment to the marriage by reason of kindred or alliance, or otherwise; and

(b) that the applicant has for three weeks immediately preceding had his usual residence within the district of the registrar or officer; and

(c) if the applicant, not being a widower or widow, is under the age of twenty-one years, that the consent of the persons whose consent to the marriage is required by law has been obtained thereto, or that there is no person having authority to give that consent, as the case may be.

3. The registrar or officer shall file every such notice and keep it with the archives of his office, and shall forthwith enter in a book of notices to be kept by him for the purpose, and post up in some conspicuous place in his office a copy of every such notice, and shall keep it so posted up for at least twenty-one days.

4. The book in which the notice is entered, and the copy posted up, shall be open at all reasonable times without fee to the inspection of any person.

B. — Provisions as to forbidding Certificate, and as to Caveats.

5. Any person whose consent is required by law to marriages solemnised in England may forbid the certificate by writing the word "forbidden" opposite to the entry of the application in the book of notices, and by subscribing thereto his name and residence and the character by reason of which he is authorised to forbid the certificate.

6. — (a) Any person may enter with the registrar or officer a caveat against the granting of the certificate, signed by him or in his behalf and stating his residence and the grounds of his objection.

(ft) The registrar or officer shall examine into the matter of the caveat and decide whether it ought to obstruct the giving of the certificate or not, but he may if he thinks fit refer the matter to the Registrar-General to decide. If the registrar or officer decides the question himself, and decides that the caveat ought to obstruct the granting of the certificate, the applicant for the certificate may appeal to the Registrar-General in manner provided by regulations made under this Act.

(c) The caveat shall cease to operate —

(i) if withdrawn by the persons entering it; or (ii) if it is decided by the registrar or officer or by the Registrar-General on appeal that it ought not to obstruct the giving of the certificate.

Part II.

Provisions applicable in Scotland.

A. — Conditions.

1. The applicant shall give a notice to the registrar of the parish or district in which he shall have resided for a period of not less than fifteen clear days previous to the giving thereof. Such notice shall be in the

form as nearly as may be set forth in Schedule A. to the Marriage Notice 41 & 42 Vict. (Scotland) Act, 1878, but shall state, in addition to the particulars therein c* 43* set out, the nationality of the parties to the intended marriage.

2. On the receipt of a notice of an intended marriage the registrar, being satisfied that the notice is conformable to the requirements of this

m

Oil. 40, 41. Marriage with Foreigners 1906, 6 Edw. 7.

Marine insurance defined.

Mixed sea and land risks.

Act, shall forthwith enter the particulars, set forth in the notice in the Marriage Notice Book kept in terms of the Marriage Notice (Scotland) Act, 1878, and shall on the same day post or put up in a conspicuous and accessible place on the door or outer wall of his office a public notice of the intended marriage, in the form as nearly as may be set forth in the Schedule B. annexed to the said last-mentioned Act, but stating, in ^addition to the particulars therein set out, the nationality of the parties to the intended marriage, and shall keep the same so posted or put up for seven consecutive days thereafter.

B. — Provisions as to Objections.

3. — (a) Any person may enter with the registrar an objection against the granting of the certificate signed by him or on his behalf, and stating his residence and the grounds of his objection.

(b) The registrar shall refer any objection to the Registrar-General, who shall decide whether it ought to obstruct the granting of the certificate or not, and shall instruct the registrar accordingly, and the instructions so given shall be carried out by the registrar.

(c) The objection shall cease to operate —

(i) if withdrawn by the person entering it; or

(ii) if it is decided by the Registrar General that it ought not to

obstruct the granting of the certificate.

CHAPTER 41.

An Act to codify the Law relating to Marine Insurance.

[21st December 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Marine Insurance.

1. A contract of marine insurance is a contract whereby the insurer undertakes to indemnify the assured, in manner and to the extent thereby agreed, against marine losses, that is to say, the losses incident to marine adventure.

2. — (1) A contract of marine insurance may, by its express terms, or by usage of trade, be extended so as to protect the assured against losses on inland waters or on any land risk which may be incidental to any sea voyage.

(2) Where a ship in course of building, or the launch of a ship, or any adventure analogous to a marine adventure, is covered by a policy in the form of a marine policy, the provisions of this Act, in so far as applicable, shall apply thereto; but, except as by this section provided, nothing in this Act shall alter or affect any rule of law applicable to any contract of insurance other than a contract of marine insurance as by this Act defined.

1906.

Marine Insurance, 1906.

Ch, 41.

217

3. — (1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, every lawful Marine adven marine adventure may be the subject of a contract of marine insurance. defined.

(2) In particular there is a marine adventure where —

(a) Any ship goods or other moveables are exposed to

maritime perils. Such property is in this Act referred to as " insurable property ";

(b) The earning or acquisition of any freight, passage

money, commission, profit, or other pecuniary benefit, or the security for any advances, loan, or disbursements, is endangered by the exposure of insurable property to maritime perils;

(e) Any liability to a third party may be incurred by the owner of, or other person interested in or responsible for, insurable property, by reason of maritime perils.

"Maritime perils" means the perils consequent on, or incidental to, the navigation of the sea, that is to say, perils of the seas, fire, war perils, pirates, rovers, thieves, captures, seisures, restraints, and detainments of princes and peoples, jettisons, barratry, and any qther perils, either of the like kind or which may be designated by the policy.

Insurable Interest.

4. — (1) Every contract of marine insurance by way of Avoidance of

gaming or wagering is void. - gSgln-

(2) A contract of marine insurance is deemed to be a tracts, gaming or wagering contract —

(a) Where the assured has not an insurable interest as defined by this Act, and the contract is entered into with no expectation of acquiring such an interest; or

(i b)Where the policy is made " interest or no interest, " or " without further proof of interest than the policy r itself, " or " without benefit of salvage to the insurer, " or subject to any other like term:

Provided that, where there is no possibility of salvage, a policy may be effected without benefit of salvage to the insurer.

5. — (1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, every person insurable in-has an insurable interest who is interested in a marine adventure. terest defined.

(2) In particular a person is interested in a marine adventure where he stands in any legal or equitable relation to the adventure or to any insurable property at risk therein, in consequence of which he may benefit by the safety or due arrival of insurable property, or may be prejudiced by its loss, or by damage thereto, or by the detention thereof, or may incur liability in respect thereof.

6. — (1) The assured must be interested in the subject-matter When interest insured at the time of the loss though he need not be interested must attach-when the insurance is effected:

218

Ch. 41.

Marine Insurance Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Defeasible or contingent interest.

Partial interest.

Re-insurance.

Bottomry.

Master’s and

seamen’s

wages.

Advance

freight.

Charges of insurance.

Quantum of interest.

Assignment of interest.

Provided that where the subject-matter is insured " lost or not lost, " the assured may recover although he may not have acquired his interest until after the loss, unless at the time of effecting the contract of insurance the assured was aware of the loss, and the insurer was not.

(2) Where the assured has no interest at the time of the loss, he cannot acquire interest by any act or election after he is aware of the loss.

7. — (1) A defeasible interest is insurable, as also is a contingent interest.

(2) In particular, where the buyer of goods has insured them, he has an insurable interest, notwithstanding that he might, at his election, haye rejected the goods, or have treated them as at the seller’s risk, by reason of the latter’s delay in making delivery or otherwise.

•8. A partial interest of any nature is insurable.

9. — (1) The insurer under a contract of marine insurance has an insurable interest in his risk, and may re-insure in respect of it.

(2) Unless the policy otherwise provides, the original assured has no right or interest in respect of such re-insurance.

10. The lender of money on bottomry or respondentia has an insurable interest in respect of the loan.

11. The master or any member of the crew of a ship has an insurable interest in respect of his wages.

12. In the case of advance freight, the person advancing the freight has an insurable interest, in so far as such freight is not repayable in case of loss.

13. The assured has an insurable interest in the charges of any insurance which he may effect.

14. — (1) Where the subject-matter insured is mortgaged, the mortgagor has an insurable interest in the full value thereof, and the mortgagee has an insurable interest in respect of any sum due or to become due under the mortgage.

(2) A mortgagee, consignee, or other person having an interest in the subject-matter insured may insure on behalf and for the benefit of other persons interested as well as for his own benefit.

(3) The owner of insurable property has an insurable interest in respect of the full value thereof, notwithstanding that some third person may have agreed, or be liable, to indemnify him in case of loss.

15. Where the assured assigns or otherwise parts with his interest in the subject-matter insured, he does not thereby transfer to the assignee his rights under the contract of insurance, unless there be an express or implied agreement with the assignee to that effect.

But the provisions of this section do not affect a transmission of interest by operation of law.

1906.

Marine Insurance , 1906. Ch. 41.

219

Insurable Value.

16. Subject to any express provision or valuation in the Measure of in-policy, the insurable value of the subject-matter insured must8urable value-be ascertained as follows: —

(1) In insurance on ship, the insurable value is the value, at

the commencement of the risk, of the ship, including her outfit, provisions and stores for the officers and crew, money advanced for seamen’s wages, and other disbursements (if any) incurred to make the ship fit for the voyage or adventure contemplated by the policy,

* plus the charges, of insurance upon the whole:

The insurable value, in the case of a steamship, includes also the machinery, boilers, and coals and engine stores if owned by the assured, and, in the case of a ship engaged in a special trade, the ordinary fittings requisite for that trade:

(2) In insurance on freight, whether paid in advance or other-

wise, the insurable value is the gross amount of the freight at the risk of the assured, plus the charges of insurance:

(3) In insurance on goods or merchandise, the insurable

value is the prime cost of the property insured, plus the expenses of and incidental to shipping and the charges of insurance upon the whole:

(4) In insurance on any other subject-matter, the insurable

value is the amount at the risk of the assured when the policy attaches, plus the charges of insurance.

Disclosure and Representations.

17. A contract of marine insurance is a contract based upon insurance is the utmost good faith, and, if the utmost good faith be not ubemmaefidei-observed by either party, the contract may be avoided by the

other party.

18. — (1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the assured Disclosure by must disclose to the insurer, before the contract is concluded, a88Ured* every material circumstance, which is known to the assured, and

the assured is deemed to know every circumstance which, in the ordinary - course of business, ought to be known by him. If the assured fails to make such disclosure, the insurer may avoid the contract.

(2) Every circumstance is material which would influence the judgment of a prudent insurer in fixing the premium, or determining whether be will take the risk.

(3) In the absence of inquiry the following circumstances need not be disclosed, namely: —

(a) Any circumstance which diminishes the risk;

(b) Any circumstance which is known or presumed to be

known to the insurer. The insurer is presumed to

220

Oil. 41.

Marine Insurance, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Disclosure by agent effecting insurance.

Representations pending negotiation of contract.

When contract is deemed to be concluded.

know matters of common notoriety or knowledge, and matters which an insurer in the ordinary course of his business, as such, ought to know;

(c) Any circumstance as to which information is waived by

the insurer;

(d) Any circumstance which it is superfluous to disclose by

reason of any express or implied warranty.

(4) Whether any particular circumstance, which is not disclosed, be material or not is, in each case, a question of fact.

(5) The term "circumstance " includes any communication made to, or information received by, the assured.

19. Subject to the provisions of the preceding section as to circumstances which need not be disclosed, where an insurance is effected for the assured by an agent, the agent must disclose to the insurer —

(a) Every material circumstance which is known to himself,

and an agent to insure is deemed to know every circumstance which in the ordinary course of business ought to be known by, or to have been communicated to, him; and

(h) Every material circumstance which the assured is bound to disclose, unless it come to his knowledge too late to communicate it to the agent.

20. — (1) Every material representation made by the assured or his agent to the insurer during the negotiations for the contract, and before the contract is concluded, must be true. If it be untrue the insurer may avoid the contract.

(2) A representation is material which would influence the judgment of a prudent insurer in fixing the premium, or determining whether he will take the risk.

(3) A representation may be either a representation as to a matter of fact, or as to a matter of expectation or belief.

(4) A representation as to a matter of fact is true, if it be substantially correct, that is to say, if the difference between what is represented and what is actually correct would not be considered material by a prudent insurer.

(5) A representation as to a matter of expectation or belief is true if it be made in good faith.

(b) A representation may be withdrawn or corrected before the contract is concluded.

(7) Whether a particular representation be material or not is, in each case, a question of fact.

21. A contract of marine insurance is deemed to be concluded when the proposal of the assured is accepted by the insurer, whether the policy be then issued or not; and, for the purpose of showing when the proposal was accepted, reference may be made to the slip or covering note or other customary memorandum of the contract, although it be unstamped.

1906.

Marine Insurance 1906. Ch. 41,

221

The Policy.

22. Subject to the provisions of any statute, a contract of marine insurance is inadmissible in evidence unless it is embodied in a marine policy in accordance with this Act. The policy may be executed and issued either at the time when the contract is concluded, or afterwards.

23. A marine policy must specify —

(1) The name of the assured, or of some person who effects

the insurance on his behalf:

(2) The subject-matter insured and the risk insured

against:

(3) The voyage, or period of time, or both, as the case may

be, covered by the insurance:

(4) The sum or sums insured:

(5) The name or names of the insurers.

24. — (1) A marine policy must be signed by or on behalf of the insurer, provided that in the case of a corporation the corporate seal may be sufficient, but nothing in this section shall be construed as requiring the subscription of a corporation to be under seal.

(2) Where a policy is subscribed by or on behalf of two or more insurers, each subscription, unless the contrary be expressed, constitutes a distinct contract with the assured.

25. — (1) Where the contract is to insure the subject-matter " at and from, " or from one place to another or others, the policy is called a " voyage policy, " and where the contract is to insure the subject-matter for a definite period of time the policy is called a " time policy." A contract for both voyage and time may be included in the same policy.

(2) Subject to the provisions of section eleven of the Finance Act, 1901, a time policy which is made for any time exceeding twelve months is invalid.

26. — (1) The subject-matter insured must be designated in a marine policy with reasonable certainty.

(2) The nature and extent of the interest of the assured in the subject-matter insured need not be specified in the policy.

(3) Where the policy designates the subject-matter insured in general terms, it shall be construed to apply to the interest intended by the assured to be covered.

(4) In the application of this section regard shall be had to any usage regulating the designation of the subject-matter insured.

27. — (1) A policy may be either valued or unvalued.

(2) A valued policy is a policy which specifies the agreed value of the subject-matter insured.

(3) Subject to the provisions of this Act, and in the absence of fraud, the value fixed by the policy is, as between the insurer and assured, conclusive of the insurable value of the subject intended to be insured, whether the loss be total or partial.

Contract must be embodied in policy.

What policy must specify.

Signature of insurer.

Voyage and time policies.

1 Edw. 7. c. 7.

Designation of subject-matter

Valued policy.

222

Ch. 41.

Marine Insurance Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Unvalued

policy.

Floating policy by ship or ships.

Construction of terms in policy.

Premium to be arranged.

Double insurance.

(4) Unless the policy otherwise provides, the value fixed by the policy is not conclusive for the purpose of determining whether there has been a constructive total loss.

28. An unvalued policy is a policy which does not specify the value of the subject-matter insured, but, subject to the limit of the sum insured, leaves the insurable value to be subsequently ascertained, in the manner herein-before specified.

29. — (1) A floating policy is a policy which describes the insurance in general terms, and leaves the name of the ship or ships and other particulars to be defined by subsequent declaration.

(2) The subsequent declaration or declarations may be made by indorsement on the policy, or in other customary manner.

(3) Unless the policy otherwise provides, the declarations must be made in the order of dispatch or shipment. They must, in the case of goods, comprise all consignments within the terms of the policy, and the value of the goods or other property must be honestly stated, but an omission or erroneous declaration may be rectified even after loss or arrival, provided the omission or declaration was made in good faith.

(4) Unless the policy otherwise provides, where a declaration of value is not made until after notice of loss or arrival, the policy must be treated as an unvalued policy as regards the subject-matter of that declaration.

30. — (1) A policy may be in the form in the First Schedule to this Act.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Act, and unless the context of the policy otherwise requires, the terms and expressions mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act shall be construed as having the scope and meaning in that schedule assigned to them.

31. — (1) Where an insurance is effected at a premium to be arranged, and no arrangement is made, a reasonable premium is payable.

(2) Where an insurance is effected on the terms that an additional premium is to be arranged in a given event, and that event happens but no arrangement is made, then a reasonable additional premium is payable.

Double Insurance.

32. — (1) Where two or more policies are effected by or on behalf of the assured on the same adventure and interest or any part thereof, and the sums insured exceed the indemnity allowed by this Act, the assured is said to be over-insured by double insurance.

(2) Where the assured is over-insured by double insurance — (a) The assured, unless the policy otherwise provides, may claim payment from the insurers in such order as he may think fit, provided that he is not entitled to receive any sum in excess of the indemnity allowed by this Act;

1906.

Marine Insurance Act, 1906. Ch. 41.

223

(b) Where the policy under which the assured claims

is a valued policy, the assured must give credit as against the valuation for any sum received by him under any other policy without regard to the actual value of the subject-matter insured;

(c) Where the policy under which the assured claims is an

unvalued policy he must give credit, as against the full insurable value, for any sum received by him under any other policy;

(d) Where the assured receives any sum in excess of the

indemnity allowed by this Act, he is deemed to hold such sum in trust for the insurers, according to their right of contribution among themselves.

Warranties, &o.

33. — (1) A warranty, in the following sections relating to Nature of warranties, means a promissory warranty, that is to say, a warranty-warranty by which the assured undertakes that some particular

thing shall or shall not be done, or that some condition shall be fulfilled, or whereby he affirms or negatives the existence of a particular state of facts.

(2) A warranty may be express or implied.

(3) A warranty, as above defined, is a condition which must be exactly complied with, whether it be material to the risk or not.

If it be not so complied with, then, subject to any express provision in the policy, the insurer is discharged from liability as from the date of the breach of warranty, but without prejudice to any liability incurred by him before that date.

34. — (1) Non-compliance with a warranty is excused when, When breach of

by reason of a change of circumstances, the warranty ceases ex '

to be applicable to the circumstances of the contract, or when compliance with the warranty is rendered unlawful by any subsequent law.

(2) Where a warranty is broken, the assured cannot avail himself of the defence that the breach has been remedied, and the warranty complied with, before loss.

(3) A breach of warranty may be waived by the insurer.

35. — (1) An express warranty may be in any form of words Express war-

from which the intention to warrant is to be inferred. ranties.

(2) An express warranty must be included in, or written upon, the policy, or must be contained in some document incorporated by reference into the policy.

(3) An express warranty does not exclude an implied warranty, unless it be inconsistent therewith.

36. — (1) Where insurable property, whether ship or goods, is Warranty of expressly warranted neutral, there is an implied condition that neutrality* the property shall have a neutral character at the commencement.

of the risk, and that, so far as the assured can control the matter, its neutral character shall be preserved during the risk.

224

Ch. 41.

Marine Insurance, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

(2) Where a ship is expressly warranted " neutral " there is also an implied condition that, so far as the assured can control the matter, she shall be properly documented, that is to say, that she shall carry the necessary papers to establish her neutrality, and that she shall not falsify or suppress her papers, or use simulated papers. If any loss occurs through breach of this condition, the insurer may avoid the contract.

37. There is no implied warranty as to the nationality of a ship, or that her nationality shall not be changed during the risk.

38. Where the subject-matter insured is warranted " well " or " in good safety " on a particular day, it is sufficient if it be safe at any time during that day.

Warranty of 39. — (1) In a voyage policy there is an implied warranty orship! 688 t^at at the commencement of the voyage the ship shall be seaworthy for the purpose of the particular adventure insured.

(2) Where the policy attaches while the ship is in port, there is also an implied warranty that she shall, at the commencement of the risk, be reasonably fit to encounter the ordinary perils of the port.

(3) Where the policy relates to a voyage which is performed in different stages, during which the ship requires different kinds of or further preparation or equipment, there is an implied warranty that at the commencement of each stage the ship is seaworthy in respect of such preparation or equipment for the purposes of that stage.

(4) A ship is deemed to be seaworthy when she is reasonably fit in all respects to encounter the ordinary perils of the seas of the adventure insured.

(5) In a time policy there is no implied warranty that the ship shall be seaworthy at any stage of the adventure, but where, with the privity of the assured, the ship is sent to sea in an unseaworthy state, the insurer is not liable for any loss attributable to unseaworthiness.

40. — (1) In a policy on goods or other moveables there is no implied warranty that the goods or moveables are seaworthy.

(2) In a voyage policy on goods or other moveables there is an implied warranty that at the commencement of the voyage the ship is not only seaworthy as a ship, but also that she is reasonably fit to carry the goods or other moveables to the destination contemplated by the policy.

41. There is an implied warranty that the adventure insured is a lawful one, and that, so far as the assured can control the matter, the adventure shall be carried out in a lawful manner.

The Voyage.

implied condi- 42. — (1) Where the subject-matter is insured by a voyage

men^ment°of" P0^cy "at and from " or " from " a particular place, it is risk. " not necessary that the ship should be at that place when the

No implied warranty that goods are seaworthy.

Warranty of legality.

No implied warranty of nationality.

Warranty of good safety.

1906.

225

Marine Insurance Act, 1906. Ch. 41.

contract is concluded, but there is an implied condition that the adventure shall be commenced within a reasonable time, and that if the adventure be not so commenced the insurer may avoid the contract.

(2) The implied condition may be negatived by showing that the delay was caused by circumstances known to the insurer before the contract was concluded, or by showing that he waived the condition.

43. Where the place of departure is specified by the policy, Alteration of

and the ship instead of sailing from that place sails from any £^ofde?ar* other place, the risk does not attach. ure *

44. Where the destination is specified in the policy, and the Sailing for dif* ship, instead of sailing for that destination, sails for any other grent destina-destination, the risk does not attach.

45. — (1) WTiere, after the commencement of the risk, the Change of voy* destination of the ship is voluntarily changed from theage' destination contemplated by the policy, there is said to be

a change of voyage.

(2) Unless the policy otherwise provides, where there is a change of voyage, the insurer is discharged from liability as from the time of change, that is to say, as from the time when the determination to change it is manifested; and it is immaterial that the ship may not in fact have left the course of voyage contemplated by the policy when the loss occurs.

46. — (1) Where a ship, without lawful excuse, deviates from Deviation, the voyage contemplated by the policy, the insurer is discharged

from liability as from the time of deviation, and it is immaterial that the ship may have regained her route before any loss occurs.

(2) There is a deviation from the voyage contemplated by the policy —

(a) Where the course of the voyage is specifically designated by the policy, and that course is departed from; or

(i b)W7here the course of the voyage is not specifically designated by the policy, but the usual and customary course is departed from.

(3) The intention to deviate is immaterial; there must be a deviation in fact to discharge the insurer from his liability under the contract.

47. — (1) Where several ports of discharge are specified by Several ports of the policy, the ship may proceed to all or any of them, but, in dl8charge* the absence of any usage or sufficient cause to the contrary, she must proceed to them, or such of them as she goes to, in the order designated by the policy. If she does not there is a deviation.

(2) Where the policy is to "ports of discharge, " within a given area, which are not named, the ship must, in the absence of any usage or sufficient cause to the contrary, proceed to them,

P

226

Ch. 41.

Marine Insurance, 1900.

6 Edw. 7.

Delay in voyage.

Excuses.for deviation or delay.

When and how policy is assignable.

Assured who has no interest cannot assign.

or such of them as she goes to, in their geographical order. If she does not there is a deviation.

48. In the case of a voyage policy, the adventure insured must be prosecuted throughout its course with reasonable dispatch, and, if without lawful excuse it is not so prosecuted, the insurer is discharged from liability as from the time when the delay became unreasonable.

49. — (1) Deviation or delay in prosecuting the voyage contemplated by the policy is excused —

(a) Where authorised by any special term in the policy; or

(b) Where caused by circumstances beyond the control of the master and his employer; or

(c) Where reasonably necessary in order to comply with an express or implied warranty; or

(d) Where reasonably necessary for the safety of the ship or subject-matter insured; or

(e) For the purpose of saving human life, or aiding a ship in distress where human life may be in danger; or

(f) Where reasonably necessary for the purpose of obtaining medical or surgical aid for any person on board the ship; or

(g) Where caused by the barratrous conduct of the master or crew, if barratry be one of the perils insured against.

(2) When the cause excusing the deviation or delay ceases to operate, the ship must resume her course, and prosecute her voyage, with reasonable dispatch.

Assignment of Policy.

50. — (1) A marine policy is assignable unless it contains terms expressly prohibiting assignment. It may be assigned either before or after loss.

(2) Where a marine policy has been assigned so as to pass the beneficial interest in such policy, the assignee of the policy is entitled to sue thereon in his own name; and the defendant is entitled to make any defence arising out of the contract which he would have been entitled to make if the action had been brought in the name of the person by or on behalf of whom the policy was effected.

(3) A marine policy may be assigned by indorsement thereon or in other customary manner.

51. Where the assured has parted with or lost his interest in the subject-matter insured, and has not, before or at the time of so doing, expressly or impliedly agreed to assign the policy, any subsequent assignment of the policy is inoperative:

Provided that nothing in this section affects the assignment of a policy after loss.

1906. Marine Insurance Act, 1906. Ch. 41. 227

The Premium.

52. Unless otherwise agreed, the duty of the assured or his When premium agent to pay the premium, and the duty of the insurer to issue Payable-

the policy to the assured or his agent, are concurrent conditions, and the insurer is not bound to issue the policy until payment or tender of the premium.

53. — (1) Unless otherwise agreed, where a marine policy is Policy effected effected on behalf of the assured by a broker, the broker is throu8b broker, directly responsible to the insurer for the premium, and the

insurer is directly responsible to the assured for the amount which may be payable in respect of losses, or in respect of returnable premium.

(2) Unless otherwise agreed, the broker has, as against the assured, a lien upon the policy for the amount of the premium and his charges in respect of effecting the policy; and, where he has dealt with the person who employs him as a principal, he has also a lien on the policy in respect of any balance on any insurance account which may be due to him from such person, unless when the debt was incurred he had reason to believe that such person was only an agent.

54. Where a marine policy effected on behalf of the assured Effect of re-by a broker acknowledges the receipt of the premium, such ceipt on policy-acknowledgment is, in the absence of fraud, conclusive as between the insurer and the assured, but not as between the

insurer and broker.

Loss and Abandonment.

55. — (1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, and unless the included and policy otherwise provides, the insurer is liable for any loss ^ded proximately caused by a peril insured against, but, subject as aforesaid, he is not liable for any loss which is not proximately caused by a peril insured against.

(2) In particular, —

(a) The insurer is not liable for any loss attributable to

the wilful misconduct of the assured, but, unless the policy otherwise provides, he is liable for any loss proximately caused by a peril insured against, even though the loss would not have happened but for the misconduct or negligence of the master or crew;

(b) Unless the policy otherwise provides, the insurer on

ship or goods is not liable for any loss proximately caused by delay, although the delay be caused by a peril insured against;

(c) Unless the policy otherwise provides, the insurer is not liable for ordinary wear and tear, ordinary leakage

228; Ch. 41. Marine Insurance Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

and breakage, inherent vice or nature of the subject-matter insured, or for any loss proximately caused by rats or vermin, or for any injury to machinery not proximately caused by maritime perils.

Partial and 56. — (1) A loss may be either total or partial. Any loss

tota 088. other than a total loss, as hereinafter defined, is a partial loss.

(2) A total loss may be either an actual total loss, or a constructive total loss.

(3) Unless a different intention appeal’s from the terms of the policy, an insurance against total loss includes a constructive, as well as an actual, total loss.

(4) Where the assured brings an action for a total loss and the evidence proves only a partial loss, he may, unless the policy otherwise provides, recover for a partial loss.

(5) Where goods reach their destination in specie, but by reason of obliteration of marks, or otherwise, they are incapable of identification, the loss, if any, is partial, and not total.

total 57. — (1) Where the subject-matter insured is destroyed, or so

0S8’ damaged as to cease to be a thing of the kind insured, or where

the assured is irretrievably deprived thereof, there is an actual total loss.

(2) In the case of an actual total loss no notice of abandonment need be given.

Missing ship. 58. Where the ship concerned in the adventure is missing, and after the lapse of a reasonable time no news of her has been received, an actual total loss may be presumed.

Effect of tran- 59. Where, by a peril insured against, the voyage is inter-s ipment, c. mp^e(j an intermediate port or place, under such circumstances as, apart from any special stipulation in the contract of affreightment, to justify the master in landing and re-shipping the goods or other moveables, or in transhipping them, and sending them on to their destination, the liability of the insurer continues, notwithstanding the landing or transhipment.

Constructive total loss defined.

60. — (1) Subject to any express provision in the policy, there is a constructive total loss where the subject-matter insured is reasonably abandoned on account of its actual total loss appearing to be unavoidable, or because it could not be preserved from actual total loss without an expenditure which would exceed its value when the expenditure had been incurred.

(2) In particular, there is a constructive total loss —

(i) Where the assured is deprived of the possession of his ship or goods by a peril insured against, and (a) it is unlikely that he can recover the ship or goods, as the case may be, or () the cost of recovering the ship or goods/as the case may be, would exceed their value when recovered; or

1906. Marine Insurance Act, 1906. Ch. 41. 229

(ii) In the case of damage to a skip, where she is so

damaged by a peril insured against that the cost of repairing the damage would exceed the value of the ship when repaired.

In estimating the cost of repairs, no deduction is to be made in respect of general average contributions to those repairs payable by other interests, but account is to be taken of the expense of future salvage operations and of any future general average contributions to which the ship would be liable if repaired; or

(iii) In the case of damage to goods, where the cost of

repairing the damage and forwarding the goods to their destination would exceed their value on arrival.

61. Where there is a constructive total loss the assured may Effect of con. either treat the loss as a partial loss, or abandon the subject* Jjctive total matter insured to the insurer and treat the loss as if it were an

actual total loss.

62. — (1) Subject to the provisions of this section, where the Notice of \ assured elects to abandon the subject-matter insured to the abandonmeIlt' insurer, he must give notice of abandonment. If he fails to do

so the loss can only be treated as a partial loss.

(2) Notice of abandonment may be given in writing, or by word of mouth, or partly in writing and partly by word of mouth, and may be given in any terms which indicate the intention of the assured to abandon his insured interest in the subject-matter insured unconditionally to the insurer.

(3) Notice of abandonment must be given with reasonable diligence after the receipt of reliable information of the loss, but where the information is of a doubtful character the assured is entitled to a reasonable time to make inquiry.

(4) Where notice of abandonment is properly given, the rights of the assured are not prejudiced by the fact that the insurer refuses to accept the abandonment.

(5) The acceptance of an abandonment may be either express or implied from the conduct of the insurer. The mere silence of the insurer after notice is not an acceptance.

(6) Where notice of abandonment is accepted the abandonment is irrevocable. The acceptance of the notice conclusively admits liability for the loss and the sufficiency of the notice.

(7) Notice of abandonment is unnecessary where, at the time when the assured receives information of the loss, there would be no possibility of benefit to the insurer if notice were given to him.

(8) Notice of abandonment may be waived by the insurer.

(9) Where an insurer has re-insured his risk, no notice of abandonment need be given by him.

63. — (1) Where there is a valid abandonment the insurer Effect of

is entitled to take over the interest of the assured in whatever abandonment, may remain of the subject-matter insured, and all proprietary rights incidental thereto.

230

Ch. 41.

Marine Insurance , 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Particular average loss.

Salvage

charges.

General average loss.

. (2) Upon the abandonment of a ship, the insurer thereof is entitled to any freight in course of being earned, and which is earned by her subsequent to the casualty causing the loss, less the expenses of earning it incurred after the casualty; and, where the ship is carrying the owner’s goods, the insurer is entitled to a reasonable remuneration for the carriage of them subsequent to the casualty causing the loss.

Partial Losses (including Salvage and General Average and Particular Charges).

64. — (1) A particular average loss is a partial loss of the subject-matter insured, caused by a peril insured against, and which is not a general average loss.

(2) Expenses incurred by or on behalf of the assured for the safety or preservation of the subject-matter insured, other than general average and salvage charges, are called particular charges. Particular charges are not included in particular average.

65. — (1) Subject to any express provision in the policy, salvage charges incurred in preventing a loss by perils insured against may be recovered as a loss by those perils.

(2) " Salvage charges" means the charges recoverable under maritime law by a salvor independently of contract. They do not include the expenses of services in the nature of salvage rendered by the assured or his agents, or any person employed for hire by them, for the purpose of averting a peril insured against. Such expenses, where properly incurred, may be recovered as particular charges or as a general average loss, according to the circumstances under which they were incurred.

66. — (1) A general average loss is a loss caused by or directly consequential on a general average act. It includes a general average expenditure as well as a general average sacrifice.

(2) There is a general average act where any extraordinary sacrifice or expenditure is voluntarily and reasonably made or incurred in time of peril for the purpose of preserving the property imperilled in the common adventure.

(3) Where there is a general average loss, the party on whom it falls is entitled, subject to the conditions imposed by maritime law, to a rateable contribution from the other parties interested, and such contribution is called a general average contribution.

(4) Subject to any express provision in the policy, where the assured has incurred a general average expenditure, he may recover from the insurer in respect of the proportion of the loss which falls upon him; and, in the case of a general average sacrifice, he may recover from the insurer in respect of the whole loss without haying enforced his right of contribution from the other parties liable to contribute.

1906. Marine Insurance Act, 1906. Ch. 41. 231

(5) Subject to any express provision in the policy, where the assured has paid, or is liable to pay, a general average contribution in respect of the subject insured, he may recover therefor from the insurer.

(6) In the absence of express stipulation, the insurer is not liable for any general average loss or contribution where the loss was not incurred for the purpose of avoiding, or in connexion with the avoidance of, a peril insured against.

(7) Where ship, freight, and cargo, or any two of those interests, are owned by the same assured, the liability of the insurer in respect of general average losses or contributions is to be determined as if those subjects were owned by different persons.

Measure of Indemnity.

67. — (1) The sum which the assured can recover in respect Extent of lia-

of a loss on a policy by which he is insured, in the case of an loss

unvalued policy to the full extent of the insurable value, or,

in the case of a valued policy to the full extent of the value fixed by the policy, is called the measure of indemnity.

(2) Where there is a loss recoverable under the policy, the insurer, or each insurer if there be more than one, is liable for such proportion of the measure of indemnity as the amount of his subscription bears to the value fixed by the policy in the case of a valued policy, or to the insurable value in the case of an unvalued policy.

68. Subject to the provisions of this Act and to any express Total loss, provision in the policy, where there is a total loss of the subject-matter insured, —

(1) If the policy be a valued policy, the measure of indemnity

is the sum fixed by the policy:

(2) If the policy be an unvalued policy, the measure of

indemnity is the insurable value of the subject-matter insured.

69. W7here a ship is damaged, but is not totally lost, the Partial loss of measure of indemnity, subject to any express provision in the shiP-policy, is as follows: —

(1) Where the ship has been repaired, the assured is entitled

to the reasonable cost of the repairs, less the customary deductions, but not exceeding the sum insured in respect of any one casualty:

(2) Where the ship has been only partially repaired, the

assured is entitled to the reasonable cost of such repairs, computed as above, and also to be indemnified for the reasonable depreciation, if any, arising from the unrepaired damage, provided that the aggregate amount shall not exceed the cost of repairing the whole damage, computed as above:

232 Ch. 41. Marine Insurance, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

(3) Where the ship has not been repaired, and has not been sold in her damaged state during the risk, the assured is entitled to be indemnified for the reasonable depreciation arising from the unrepaired damage, but not exceeding the reasonable cost of repairing such damage, computed as above.

Partial loss of 70. Subject to any express provision in the policy, where freight. there is a partial loss of freight, the measure of indemnity is such proportion of the sum fixed by the policy in the case of a valued policy, or of the insurable value in the case of an unvalued policy, as the proportion of freight lost by the assured bears to the whole freight at the risk of the assured under the policy.

Partial loss of 71. Where there is a partial loss of goods, merchandise, or chandiS6&c °^er moveables, the measure of indemnity, subject to any n c* express provision in the policy, is as follows: —

(1) Where part of the goods, merchandise or other moveables

insured by a valued policy is totally lost, the measure of indemnity is such proportion of the sum fixed by the policy as the insurable value of the part lost bears to the insurable value of the whole, ascertained as in the case of an unvalued policy:

(2) Where part of the goods, merchandise, or other move-

ables insured by an unvalued policy is totally lost, the measure of indemnity is the insurable value of the part lost, ascertained as in case of total loss:

(3) Where the whole or any part of the goods or merchandise

insured has been delivered damaged at its destination, the measure of indemnity is such proportion of the sum fixed by the policy in the case of a valued policy, or of the insurable value in the case of an unvalued policy, as the difference between the gross sound and damaged values at the place of arrival bears to the gross sound value:

(4) " Gross value" means the wholesale price or, if there be

no such price, the estimated value, with, in either case, freight, landing charges, and duty paid beforehand; provided that, in the case of goods or merchandise customarily sold in bond, the bonded price is deemed to be the gross value. " Gross proceeds" means the actual price obtained at a sale where all charges on sale are paid by the sellers.

Apportionment 72. — (1) Where different species of property are insured

of valuation. uncter a single valuation, the valuation must be apportioned over the different species in proportion to their respective insurable values, as in the case of an unvalued policy. The insured value of any part of a species is such proportion of the total insured value of the same as the insurable value of the part bears to the insurable value of the whole, ascertained in both cases as provided by this Act.

.1906.

Marine Insurance Act, 1906. Ch. 41.

233 *

(2) Where a valuation has to be apportioned, and particulars of the prime cost of each separate species, quality, or description of goods cannot be ascertained, the division of the valuation may be made over the net arrived sound values of the different species, qualities, or descriptions of goods.

73. — (1) Subject to any express provision in the policy, General aver-where the assured has paid, or is liable for, any general average tSnsand^i-contribution, the measure of indemnity is the full amount of vage charges, such contribution, if the subject-matter liable to contribution is insured for its full contributory value; but, if such subject-

matter be not insured for its full contributory value, or if only part of it be insured, the indemnity payable by the insurer must be reduced in proportion to the under insurance, and where there has been a particular average loss which constitutes a deduction from the contributory value, and for which the insurer is liable, that amount must be deducted from the insured value in order to ascertain what the insurer is liable to contribute.

(2) Where the insurer is liable for salvage charges the extent of his liability must be determined on the like principle.

74. Where the assured has effected an insurance in express Liabilities to terms against any liability to a third party, the measure of third parties‘ indemnity, subject to any express provision in the policy, is the amount paid or payable by him to such third party in respect

of such liability.

75. — (1) Where there has been a loss in respect of any General provi-subject-matter not expressly provided for in the foregoing gj^g8^8^' provisions of this Act, the measure of indemnity shall be nity. ascertained, as nearly as may be, in accordance with those provisions, in so far as applicable to the particular case.

(2) Nothing in the provisions of this Act relating to the measure of indemnity shall affect the rules relating to double insurance, or prohibit the insurer from disproving interest wholly or in part, or from showing that at the time of the loss the whole or any part of the subject-matter insured was not at risk under the policy.

76. — (1) Where the subject-matter insured is warranted free Particular from particular average, the assured cannot recover for a loss of *

part, other than a loss incurred by a general average sacrifice, unless the contract contained in the policy be apportionable; but, if the contract be apportionable, the assured may recover for a total loss of any apportionable part.

(2) Where the subject-matter insured is warranted free from particular average, either wholly or under a certain percentage, the insurer is nevertheless liable for salvage charges, and for particular charges and other expenses properly incurred pursuant to the provisions of the suing and labouring clause in order to avert a loss insured against.

(3) Unless the policy otherwise provides, where the subject-matter insured is warranted free from particular average under

Ch. 41.

Marine Insurance Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

234

a specified percentage, a general average loss cannot be added to a particular average loss to make up the specified percentage.

(4) For the purpose of ascertaining whether the specified percentage has been reached, regard shall be bad only to the actual loss suffered by the subject-matter insured. Particular charges and the expenses of and incidental to ascertaining and proving the loss must be excluded.

Successive 77. — (1) Unless the policy otherwise provides, and subject

losses. to the pr0yisions of this Act, the insurer is liable for successive

losses, even though the total amount of such losses may exceed the sum insured.

(2) Where, under the same policy, a partial loss, which bas not been repaired or otherwise made good, is followed by a total loss, the assured can only recover in respect of the total loss:

Provided that nothing in this section shall affect the liability of the insurer under the suing and labouring clause.

Suing and la- 78. — (1) Where the policy contains a suing land labouring

bounng clause. ciaugej the engagement thereby entered into is deemed to be supplementary to the contract of insurance, and the assured may recover from the insurer any expenses properly incurred pursuant to the clause, notwithstanding that the insurer may have paid for a total loss, or that the subject-matter may have been warranted free from particular average, either wholly or under a certain percentage.

(2) General average losses and contributions and salvage charges, as defined by this Act, are not recoverable under the suing and labouring clause.

(3) Expenses incurred for the purpose of averting or diminishing any loss not covered by the policy are not recoverable under the suing and labouring clause.

(4) It is the duty of the assured and his agents, in all cases, to take such measures as may be reasonable for the purpose of averting or minimising a loss.

Rights of Insurer on Payment.

Right of subro- 79. — (1) Where the insurer pays for a total loss, either of

gation* the whole, or in the case of goods of any apportionable part, of

the subject-matter insured, he thereupon becomes entitled to take over the interest of the assured in whatever may remain of the subject-matter so paid for, and he is thereby subrogated to all the rights and remedies of the assured in and in respect of that subject-matter as from the time of the casualty causing the loss.

(2) Subject to the foregoing provisions, where the insurer pays for a partial loss, he acquires no title to the subject-matter insured, or such part of it as may remain, but he is thereupon subrogated to all rights and remedies of the assured in and in respect of the subject-matter insured as from the time of the

1906.

Marine Insurance, 1906. Ch. 4l.

235

casualty causing the loss, in so far as the assured has been indemnified, according to this Act, by such payment for the loss.

80. — (1) Where the assured is over-insured by double in- Right of con-surance, each insurer is bound, as between himself and the tribution* other insurers, to contribute rateably to the loss in proportion

to the amount for which he is liable under his contract.

(2) If any insurer pays more than his proportion of the loss, he is entitled to maintain an action for contribution against the other insurers, and is entitled to the like remedies as a surety who has paid more than his proportion of the debt.

81. Where the assured is insured for an amount lfess than Effect of under the insurable value or, in the case of a valued policy, for an insurance-amount less than the policy valuation, he is deemed to be his

own insurer in respect of the uninsured balance.

Return of Premium.

82. Where the premium or a proportionate part thereof is, Enforcement of

by this Act, declared to be returnable, — return.

(a) If already paid, it may be recovered by the assured from

the insurer; and

(b) If unpaid, it may be retained by the assured or his

agent.

83. Where the policy contains a stipulation for the return of Return by the premium, or a proportionate part thereof, on the happening agreement, of a certain event, and that event happens, the premium, or,

as the case may be, the proportionate part thereof, is thereupon returnable to the assured.

84. — (1) Where the consideration for the payment of the Return for premium totally fails, and there has been no fraud or illegality

on the part of the assured or his agents, the premium is thereupon returnable to the assured.

(2) Where the consideration for the payment of the premium is apportionable and there is a total failure of any apportionable part of the consideration, a proportionate part of the premium is, under the like conditions, thereupon returnable to the assured.

(3) In particular —

(a) Where the policy is void, or is avoided by the insurer as from the commencement of the risk, the premium is returnable, provided that there has been no fraud or illegality on the part of the assured; but if the risk is not apportionable, and has once attached, the premium is not returnable:

(b) Where the subject-matter insured, or part thereof, has never been imperilled, the premium, or, as the case may be, a proportionate part thereof, is returnable:

236

Ch. 41.

Marine Insurance Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Modification of Act in case of mutual insurance.

Ratification by assured.

Provided that where the subject-matter has been insured " lost or not lost " and has arrived in safety at the time when the contract is concluded, the premium is not returnable unless, at such time, the insurer knew of the safe arrival.

(c) Where the assured has no insurable interest throughout

the currency of the risk, the premium is returnable, provided that this rule does not apply to a policy effected by way of gaming or wagering;

(d) Where the assured has a defeasible interest which is

terminated during the currency of the risk, the premium is not returnable;

(e) Where the assured has over-insured under an unvalued

policy, a proportionate part of the premium is returnable;

(f) Subject to the foregoing provisions, where the assured has over-insured by double insurance, a proportionate part of the several premiums is returnable:

Provided that, if the policies are effected at different times, and any earlier policy has at any time borne the entire risk, or if a claim has been paid on the policy in respect of the full sum insured thereby, no premium is returnable in respect of that policy, and when the double insurance is effected knowingly by the assured no premium is returnable.

Mutual Insurance.

85. — (1) Where two or more persons mutually agree to insure each other against marine losses there is said to be a mutual insurance.

(2) The provisions of this Act relating to the premium do not apply to mutual insurance, but a guarantee, or such other arrangement as may be agreed upon, may be substituted for the premium.

(3) The provisions of this Act, in so far as they may be modified by the agreement of the parties, may in the case of mutual insurance be modified by the terms of the policies issued by the association, or by the rules and regulations of the association.

(4) Subject to the exceptions mentioned in this section, the provisions of this Act apply to a mutual insurance.

Supplemental.

86. Where a contract of marine insurance is in good faith effected by one person on behalf of another, the person on whose behalf it is effected may ratify the contract even after he is aware of a loss.

1906.

Marine Insurance Act, 1906. Ch. 41.

237

87. — (1) Where any right, duty, or liability would arise Implied obliga* under a contract of marine insurance by implication of law, ^e^ent^rby it may be negatived or varied by express agreement, or by usage, usage, if the usage be such, as to bind both parties to the contract.

(2) The provisions of this section extend to any right, duty, or liability declared by this Act which may be lawfully modified by agreement.

88. Where by this Act any reference is made to reasonable Reasonable time, reasonable premium, or reasonable diligence, the question

what is reasonable is a question of fact. ta*.lon °

89. Where there is a duly stamped policy, reference may siip^as evi-be made, as heretofore, to the slip or covering note, in any legal dence-proceeding.

90. In this Act, unless the context or subject-matter interpretation

otherwise requires, — o£ terms *

" Action " includes counter-claim and set off:

" Freight " includes the profit derivable by a shipowner from the employment of his ship to carry his own goods or moveables, as well as freight payable by a third party, but does not include passage money:

" Moveables" means any moveable tangible property, other than the ship, and includes money, valuable securities, and other documents:

" Policy" means a marine policy.

91. — (1) Nothing in this Act, or in any repeal effected Savings, thereby, shall affect —

(a) The provisions of the Stamp Act, 1891, or any enactment 54&B5 Vict.

for the time being in force relating to the revenue; c’S9,

(b) The provisions of the Companies Act, 1862, or any 25 & 26 Vict.

enactment amending or substituted for the same; c. 89.

(c) The provisions of any statute not expressly repealed by

this Act.

(2) The rules of the common law including the law merchant, save in so far as they are inconsistent with the express provisions of this Act, shall continue to apply to contracts of marine insurance.

92. The enactments mentioned in the Second Schedule Repeals, to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in that schedule.

93. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of Commence-

January one thousand nine hundred and seven. ment *

[Short title.]

94. This Act may be cited as the Marine Insurance Act, 1906.

238

Ch. 41.

Marine Insurance Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Section 30.

Lloyd’8 S.G* policy.

tSue and ibour clause.]

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Form of Policy.

Be it known that as well in

own name as for and in the name and names of all and every other person or persons to whom the same doth, may, or shall appertain, in part or in all doth make assurance and cause

and them, and every of them, to be insured lost or not lost, at and from

Upon any kind of goods and merchandises, and also upon the body, tackle,

apparel, ordnance, munition, artillery, boat, and other furniture, of and in

the good ship or vessel called the

whereof is master under God, for this present voyage,

or whosoever else shall go for master in the said ship, or by whatsoever

other name or names the said ship, or the master thereof, is or shall be

named or called; beginning the adventure upon the said goods and

merchandises from the loading thereof aboard the said ship,

upon the said ship, &c.

and so shall continue and endure, during her abode there, upon the said ship, &c. And further, until the said ship, with all her ordnance, tackle, apparel, &c., and goods and merchandises whatsoever shall be arrived at

upon the said ship, &c., until she hath moored at anchor twenty-four hours in good safety; and upon the goods and merchandises, until the same be there discharged and safely landed. And it shall be lawful for the said ship, &c., in this voyage, to proceed and sail to and touch and stay at any ports or places whatsoever

without prejudice to this insurance. The said ship, &c., goods and merchandises, &c., for so much as concerns the assured by agreement between the assured and assurers in this policy, are and shall be valued at

Touching the adventures and perils which we the assurers are contented to bear and do take upon us in this voyage:they are of the seas, men of war, fire, enemies, pirates, rovers, thieves, jettisons, letters of mart and countermart, surprisals, takings at sea, arrests, restraints, and detainments of all kings, princes, and people, of what nation, condition, or quality soever, barratry of the master and mariners, and of all other perils, losses, and misfortunes, that have or shall come to the hurt, detriment, or damage of the said goods and merchandises, and ship, &c., or any part thereof. And in case of any loss or misfortune it shall be lawful to the assured, their factors, servants and assigns, to sue, labour, and travel for, in and about the defence, safeguards, and recovery of the said goods and

1906.

Marine Insurance Act, 1906. Ch. 41.

239

merchandises, and ship, &c., or any part thereof, without prejudice to this insurance; to the charges whereof we, the assurers, will contribute each one according to the rate and quantity of his sum herein assured. And it [Waiver is especially declared and agreed that no acts of the insurer or insured in clause.] recovering, saving, or preserving the property insured shall be considered as a waiver, or acceptance of abandonment. And it is agreed by us, the insurers, that this writing or policy of assurance shall be of as much force and effect as the surest writing or policy of assurance heretofore made in Lombard Street, or in the Royal Exchange, or elsewhere in London. And so we, the assurers, are contented, and do hereby promise and bind ourselves, each one for his own part, our heirs, executors, and goods to the assured, their executors, administrators, and assigns, for the true performance of the premises, confessing ourselves paid the consideration due unto us for this assurance by the assured, at and after the rate of

In Witness whereof we, the assurers, have subscribed our names and Sums assured in London.

N.B. — Corn, fish, salt, fruit, flour, and seed are warranted free from [Memo-average, unless general, or the ship be stranded — sugar, tobacco, hemp, randum.j flax, hides and skins are warranted free from average, under five pounds per cent., and all other goods, also the ship and freight, are warranted free from average, under three pounds per cent, unless general, or the ship be stranded.

Rules fob Construction of Policy.

The following are the rules referred to by this Act for the construction of a policy in the above or other like, where the context does not otherwise require: —

1. Where the subject-matter is insured " lost or not lost, " and the loss Lost or not has occurred before the contract is concluded, the risk attaches unless, at lost-such time the assured was aware of the loss, and the insurer was not.

2. Where the subject-matter is insured " from " a particular place, the From, risk does not attach until the ship starts on the voyage insured.

3. — (a) Where a ship is insured " at and from " a particular place, At and from, and she is at that place in good safety when the contract is concluded, the [Ship.] risk attaches immediately.

(6) If she be not at that place when the contract is concluded, the risk attaches as soon as she arrives there in good safety, and, unless the policy otherwise provides, it is immaterial that she is covered by another policy for a specified time after arrival.

(c) Where chartered freight is insured " at and from " a particular [Freight.] place, and the ship is at that place in good safety when the contract is concluded the risk attaches immediately. If she be not there when the contract is concluded, the risk attaches as soon as she arrives there in good safety.

(d) Where freight, other than chartered freight, is payable without special conditions and is insured " at and from " a particular place, the risk attaches pro rata as the goods or merchandise are shipped; provided that if there be cargo in readiness which belongs to the shipowner, or which some other person has contracted with him to ship, the risk attaches as soon as the ship is ready to receive such cargo.

4. Where goods or other moveables are insured " from the loading From the load-thereof, " the risk does not attach until such goods or moveables are in8 thereof, actually on board, and the insurer is not liable for them while in transit

from the shore to the ship.

240

Ch. 41.

Marine Insurance , 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Safely landed.

Touch and stay.

Perils of the seas.

Pirates.

Thieves.

Restraint of princes.

Barratry.

All other perils.

Average unless general.

Stranded.

Ship.

Freight.

Goods.

5. Where the risk on goods or other moveables continues until they are " safely landed, " they must be landed in the customary manner and within a reasonable time after arrival at the port of discharge, and if they are not so landed the risk ceases.

6. In the absence of any further license or usage, the liberty to touch aDd stay " at any port or place whatsoever " does not authorise the skip to depart from the course of her voyage from the port of departure to the port of destination.

7. The term "perils of the seas " refers only to fortuitous accidents or casualties of the seas. It does not include the ordinary action of the winds and waves.

8.. The term "pirates " includes passengers who mutiny and rioters who attack the ship from the shore.

9. The term "thieves " does not cover clandestine theft or a theft committed by any one of the ship’s company, whether crew or passengers.

10. The term "arrests, &c., of kings, princes, and people " refers to political or executive acts, and does not include a loss caused by riot or by ordinary judicial process.

11. The term "barratry" includes every wrongful act wilfully committed by the master or crew to the prejudice of the owner, or, as the case may be, the charterer.

12. The term "all other perils " includes only perils similar in kind to the perils specifically mentioned in the policy.

13. The term "average unless general" means a partial loss of the subject-matter insured other than a general average loss, and does not include " particular charges."

14. Where the ship has stranded, the insurer is liable for the excepted losses, although the loss is not attributable to the stranding, provided that when the stranding takes place the risk has attached and, if the policy be on goods, that the damaged goods are on board.

15. The term "ship " includes the hull, materials and outfit, stores and provisions for the officers and crew, and, in the case of vessels engaged in a special trade, the ordinary fittings requisite for the trade, and also, in the case of a steamship, the machinery, boilers, and coals and engine stores, if owned by the assured.

16. The term "freight " includes the profit derivable by a shipowner from the employment of his ship to carry his own goods or moveables, as well as freight payable by a third party, but does not include passage money.

17. The term "goods" means goods in the nature of merchandise, and does not include personal effects or provisions and stores for use on board.

In the absence of any usage to the contrary, deck cargo and living animals must be insured specifically, and not under the general denomination of goods.

1906.

Marine Insurance, 1906.

Oil 41, 42.

241

SECOND SCHEDULE. Section 92.

Enactments Repealed.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title or Extent of Repeal.

19 Geo. 2. c. 37. An Act to regulate insurance on ships belonging to the subjects of Great Britain, and on merchandizes or effects laden thereon. The whole Act.

28 Geo. 3. c. 56. An Act to repeal an Act made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled " An Act for regulating Insurances " on Ships, and on goods, merchandizes, or effects, " and for substituting other provisions for the like purpose in lieu thereof. The whole Act so far as it relates to marine insurance.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 86. The Policies of Marine Assurance Act, 1868. The whole Act.

CHAPTER 42.

An Act to remove -doubts as to the manner in which the powers and duties of justices acting in and for a borough may be exercised under the Licensing Acts,

1828 to 1904.

[21st December 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

l. — (l) It is hereby declared that where a power may be justices acting exercised or a duty is to be performed under the Licensing Acts, 1828 to 1904, or under any rule or regulation made under Licensing Acts those Acts or any of them, by justices acting in and for a may a.ct bya borough, including a county borough (whether those justices ma]onty' are described as the whole body of justices or otherwise), it is lawful and shall be deemed always to have been lawful for that power to be, and to have been, exercised and for that duty to be, and to have been, performed by a majority of the justices present at a meeting of the justices assembled for the purpose.

(2) Nothing in this Act shall prejudice the operation or enforcement of any judgment or order of any court of competent jurisdiction pronounced or made before the first day of December nineteen hundred and six as between the parties to

242

Ch. 42, 43.

Licensing Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Short title and construction.

Betting in a street, &c.

the proceedings in which the judgment was pronounced or the order made, and any appeal from any such judgment or order shall he decided as if this Act had not passed.

2. This Act may be cited as the Licensing Act, 1906, and may be cited and construed as one with the Licensing Acts, 1828 to 1904.

CHAPTER 43.

An Act for the Suppression of Betting in Streets and other Public Places.

[21st December 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) Any person frequenting or loitering in streets or public places, on behalf either of 4iimself or of any other person, for the purpose of bookmaking, or betting, or wagering, or agreeing to bet or wager, or paying or receiving or settling bets, shall

(a) in the case of a first offence be liable, on conviction

under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts, to a fine not exceeding ten pounds;

(b) in the case of a second offence be liable, on conviction

under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts, to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds; and

(c) in the case of a third or subsequent offence, or in any

case where it is proved that the person whilst committing the offence had any betting transaction with a person under the age of sixteen years, be liable on conviction on indictment to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for a term not exceeding six months without the option of a fine, or on conviction under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts to a fine not exceeding i thirty pounds or to imprisonment, with or without

hard labour, for a term not exceeding three months, without the option of a fine;

and shall in any case be liable to forfeit all books, cards, papers, and other articles relating to betting which may be found in his possession.

(2) Any constable may take into custody without warrant any person found committing an offence under this Act, and may seize and detain any article liable to be forfeited under this Act.

(3) Any person who appears to the court to be under the age of sixteen years shall for the purpose of this section be deemed

1006.

Street Betting Act, 1906. Ch. 43, 44.

243

to be under that age unless the contrary be proved, or unless the person charged shall satisfy the court that lie had reasonable ground for believing otherwise.

(4) For the purpose of this section the word "street " shall include any highway and any public bridge, road, lane, footway, square, court, alley, or passage, whether a thoroughfare or not; and the words "public place" shall include any public park, garden, or seabeach, and any unenclosed ground to which the public for the time being have unrestricted access, and shall also inelude every enclosed place (not being a public park or garden) to which the public have a restricted right of access, whether on payment or otherwise, if at or near every public entrance there is conspicuously exhibited by the owners or persons having the control of the place a notice prohibiting betting therein.

2. Nothing contained in this Act shall apply to any ground used for the purpose of a racecourse for racing with horses or adjacent thereto on the days on which races take place.

3. In Scotland, " indictment " has the same meaning as in the Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1887, and " passage " includes common close or common stair or passage leading thereto; and, in the event of an offender failing to make payment of a fine imposed under section 1 (1), (a) or (6), of this Act, he shall be liable to imprisonment in accordance with the provisions of the Summary Jurisdiction Acts; an offence prosecuted summarily under this Act may be tried before the sheriff or before any magistrate of any royal, parliamentary, or police burgh officiating under the provisions of any local or general Police Act.

4. In Ireland, where in pursuance of this Act an order is made by a court of summary jurisdiction for a term of imprisonment not exceeding one month, without the option of a fine, the party against whom the order is made shall be entitled to appeal in like manner as if the term of imprisonment exceeded one month.

5. This Act may be cited as the Street Betting Act, 1906.

CHAPTER 44.

An Act to amend the Law with respect to the consents required for the use of ground for burials and the construction of Cemeteries.

[21st December 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Act not to apply to a racecourse.

Application to Scotland.

Application to Ireland.

[Short title.]

244

Ch. 44, 45.

Burial Ac, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Consents under 1. The consent of the owner, lessee, and occupier of a J8*819g^ict* dwelling-house to the use for burials of any ground used or ' .' appropriated for a burial ground or cemetery, mentioned in

section nine of the Burial Act, 1855, shall not be, and shall be deemed never to have been, required in any case where the dwelling-house is or was begun to be erected, or is or was erected or completed, after any part of that ground has or had been so used or appropriated:

Provided that nothing in this section shall affect any rights acquired before the twenty-seventh day of November one thousand nine hundred and six under any judgment or order of a court of competent jurisdiction or under any agreement in writing, but if a dispute, one of the parties to which is a burial authority 63 & 64 Vict, within the meaning of the Burial Act, 1900, arises under such an c. 15. agreement as to any such right, the dispute shall, if either party

so requires, be determined by the Local Government Board either as arbitrators or otherwise at the option of the Board, in like manner as if it were a difference which the Board are authorised 61 & 52 Vict. to determine under the Local Government Act, 1888, and section c-41* sixty-three and subsections (1) and (5) of section eighty-seven of

that Act, as amended by any subsequent enactment, shall apply accordingly.

Consents under 2. In section ten of the Cemeteries Clauses Act, 1847, as J°6511 Vict* incorporated with the Public Health (Interments) Act, 1879, " one 42 &*43 Vict. hundred yards " shall be substituted for " two hundred yards " c- 81. as the distance from a dwelling-house within which no part of a

cemetery may be constructed without the consent of the owner, lessee, and occupier of the house.

[Short title.]

3. This Act may be cited as the Burial Act, 1906, and may

be cited with the Burial Acts, 1852 to 1900, as the Burial Acts, 1852 to 1906.

CHAPTER 45.

An Act to repeal the provisions of the Metropolitan Police Act, 1839, with respect to the removal of Offensive Matter in places within the Metropolitan Police District.

[21st December 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Repeal of 2 &3 1. Paragraph (4) of section sixty of the Metropolitan Police

as to offensive1’ Act, 1^39 (which paragraph relates to the emptying of privies matter. and the removal of offensive matter), is hereby repealed.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Removal of Offensive Matter

Act, 1906.

1906. Recorders, Stipendiary Magistrates, and Ch. 46. 245

Clerks of the Peace Act, 1906.

CHAPTER 46.

An Act to make provision as to the appointment of Deputies for Recorders, Stipendiary Magistrates, and Clerks of the Peace, and for the temporary performance of the duties of those officers in case of vacancies.

[21st December 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) If at any time it appears to the authority having Power to ap-power to appoint to any office to which this Act applies that and Sn^to the holder of the office is, by reason of illness, absence, or any act tempo-other cause, incapable of appointing or removing a deputy, the ra?ny cer-

A, 7 r ., , rr j tain offices.

authority may exercise that power on his behall, and in so doing may assign out of his salary or stipend a suitable remuneration to any deputy so appointed.

(2) If any office to which this Act applies becomes vacant

by death or otherwise, any person who immediately before the vacancy was a duly appointed deputy of the holder of the office, or, if there is no such deputy or no such deputy willing to act, any person appointed for the purpose by the authority having power to appoint to the office may act temporarily in the office until a person is duly appointed to fill the vacancy, and any person while so acting shall be in the same position as respects remuneration and otherwise as if he were the last holder of the office:Provided that the power of a person to act temporarily

under this provision shall not extend beyond a period of six months from the occurrence of the vacancy.

(3) All things required or authorised by law to be done by, to, or before the holder of any office to which this Act applies, may be done by, to, or before any deputy appointed or any person acting temporarily in the office under this Act, as if that deputy or person were the holder of the office.

(4) In cases where His Majesty has power to appoint to an office, the power to appoint a deputy or person to act temporarily under this Act may be exercised by the Secretary of State, and this Act shall be construed as if the Secretary of State were the authority having power to appoint to the office.

(5) Where any qualification is required by law in the case of a deputy of the holder of any office to which this Act applies, the same qualification shall be required as respects any person appointed to act temporarily in the office under this Act.

(6) This Act shall apply to the offices of recorder, stipendiary magistrate, and clerk of the peace, but the powers given by this Act shall be in addition to and not in derogation of any similar

246 Ch. 46, 47. Recorders, Stipendiary Magistrates, and 6 Edw. 7,

Clerks of the Peace Act, 1906.

power existing tinder subsection (4) of section eighty-three of si & 52 Vict, the Local Government Act, 1888, or otherwise.

c. 41.

short title and 2. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Recorders, Stipendiary

repeal. Magistrates, and Clerks of the Peace Act, 1906,

5i k 52 Vict. (2) The Recorders, Magistrates, and Clerks of the Peace c. 23. Act, iggg} is hereby repealed. ’

Amendment of law of conspiracy in the case of trade disputes.

38 & 39 VicS c. 86.

Peaceful

picketing.

Removal of, liability for interfering with another person’s business, &c.

Prohibition of actions of tort against trade unions.

CHAPTER 47.

An Act to provide for the regulation of Trades Unions and Trade Disputes.

[21st December 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The following paragraph shall be added as a new paragraph after the first paragraph of section three of the Conspiracy and Protection of Property Act, 1875:—

" An act done in pursuance of an agreement or combination by two or more persons shall, if done in contemplation or furtherance of a trade dispute, not be actionable unless the act, if done without any such agreement or combination, would be actionable."

2. — '(!) It shall be lawful for one or more persons, acting on their own behalf or on behalf of a trade union or of an individual employer or film in contemplation or furtherance of a trade dispute, to attend at or near a house or place where a person resides or works or carries on business or happens to be, if they so attend merely for the purpose of peacefully obtaining or communicating information, cr of peacefully persuading any person to work or abstain from working.

(2) Section seven of the Conspiracy and Protection of Property Act, 1875, is hereby repealed from " attending at or near " to the end of the section.

3. An act done by a person in contemplation or furtherance of a trade dispute shall not be actionable on the ground only that it induces some other person to break a contract of employment or that it is an interference with the trade, business, or employment of some other person, or with the right of some other person to dispose of his capital or his labour as he wills.

4. — (1) An action against a trade union, whether of workmen or masters, or against any members or officials thereof on behalf of themselves and all other members of the trade union in

1906.

Trade Disputes Act, 1906. Ch. 47, 48.

247

respect of any tortious net alleged to have been committed by or on behalf of the trade union, shall not be entertained by any court.

(2) Nothing in this section shall affect the liability of the trustees of a trade union to be sued in the events provided for by the Trades Union Act, 1871, section nine, except in respect 34 & 35 Vict, of any tortious act committed by or on behalf of the union in c-31 contemplation or in furtherance of a trade dispute.

5. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Trade Disputes Act, short title and 1906, and the Trade Union Acts, 1871 and 1876, and this Act construction, may be cited together as the Trade Union Acts, 1871 to 1906.

(2) In this Act the expression "trade union" has the same meaning as in the Trade Union Acts, 1871 and 1876, and shall include any combination as therein defined, notwithstanding that such combination may be the branch of a trade union.

(3) In this AGt and in the Conspiracy and Protection of Property Act, 1875, the expression "trade dispute" means any dispute between employers and workmen, or between workmen and workmen, which is connected with the employment or non-employment, or the terms of the employment, or with the conditions of labour, of any person, and the expression "workmen" means all persons employed in trade or industry, whether or not in the employment of the employer with whom a trade dispute arises; and, in section three of the last-mentioned Act, the words "between employers and workmen " shall be repealed.

CHAPTER 48.

An Act to amend the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1894 to 1900.

[21st December 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Part I.

Safety.

1. Sections four hundred and thirty-seven to four hundred Application of and forty-three of the principal Act (which relate to load-line) pne^rovSons except subsections (3) and (4) of section four hundred and forty, tonforeign81°nS shall, after the appointed day, apply to all foreign ships while shiPs-they are within any port in the United Kingdom, as they apply to British ships, without prejudice —

- (a) to the power of His Majesty previously to apply those provisions to the ships of any foreign country, if the Government of that country so desire, under section seven hundred and thirty-four of the principal Act; and

248

Ch. 48.

Merchant Shipping Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

(h) to any direction of His Majesty in Council given under section four hundred and forty-five of the principal Act in the case of ships of any foreign country in which the regulations in force relating to overloading and improper loading are equally effective with the provisions of the principal Act.

Detention of 2. Section four hundred and sixty-two of the principal Act when unsafe (which relates to the detention of foreign ships) — owing to defec- (1) shall apply in the case of a ship which is unsafe by mentq&cP* reason of the defective condition of her hull, equip-

’ ' ments, or machinery, and accordingly that section

shall be construed as if the words "by reason of the " defective condition of her hull, equipments, or " machinery, or" were inserted before the words by " reason of overloading or improper loading "; and (2) shall apply with respect to any foreign ships being at any port in the United Kingdom, whether those ships take on board any cargo at that port or not.

Loading of 3. — (1) After the first day of October one thousand nine

grain cargoes on hundred and seven, sections four hundred and fifty-two and oreign s ips. £Qur hundred and fifty-five of the principal Act shall apply to a foreign ship which loads a grain cargo in the United Kingdom so long as the ship is within a port in the United Kingdom.

(2) If, after the first day of October one thousand nine hundred and seven, a foreign ship laden with grain cargo* arrives at any port in the United Kingdom, having the grain cargo so loaded that the master of the ship, if the ship were a British ship, would be liable to a penalty under the provisions of Part V. of the principal Act relating to the carriage of grain, the master of that foreign ship shall be liable to a fine not exceeding three hundred pounds.

(3) After the first day of October one thousand nine hundred and seven section four hundred and fifty-five of the principal Act shall apply to a foreign ship laden with grain which discharges all or any part of her cargo at any port in the United Kingdom so long as the ship is within a port in the United Kingdom.

(4) The provisions of section four hundred and fifty-four of the principal Act, so far as that section provides for the delivery of the notice mentioned therein to the proper officer of customs in the United Kingdom, shall apply to all foreign ships laden with grain cargo arriving at a port in the United Kingdom after the date aforesaid, and the master of the ship shall be liable accordingly.

Power to apply 4. Sections four hundred and twenty-seven to four hundred

1Uyinaa*0 U-*G' and thirty-one of the principal Act relating to life-saving ancesfoforeign appliances shall, after the appointed day, apply to all foreign ships in cer- ships while they are within any port of the United Kingdom as tam cases. t^ey apply to British ships:

Provided that His Majesty may by Order in Council direct that those provisions shall not apply to any ship of a foreign

1906.

Merchant Shipping, 1906. Ch. 48.

249

country in which the provisions in force relating to life-saving appliances appear to His Majesty to be as effective as the provisions of Part V. of the principal Act, on proof that those provisions are complied with in the case of that ship.

5. For the purposes of this Part of this Act the appointed Appointed day. day shall be the first day of January nineteen hundred and

nine, or such other day not being more than twelve months later, as the Board of Trade may appoint; and different days may be appointed for different provisions of this Part of this Act, and for different foreign countries.

6. Nothing in the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Saving for ship Act shall affect any foreign ship not bound to a port of the "er^tress of United Kingdom which comes into any port of the United weather, &c. Kingdom for any purpose other than the purpose of embarking

or landing passengers, or taking in or discharging cargo or taking in bunker coal.

7. The exemption of ships under eighty tons register Coasting employed solely in the coasting trade under sections four ^"Jempt01 hundred and thirty-seven and four hundred and thirty-eight of from load-line the principal Act (which relate to the marking of deck lines provisions, and load-lines) shall cease so far as respects steamships:

Provided that the Board of Trade may except from the provisions of this section any class of steamships, so long as they do not carry cargo, and the provisions of this section shall not apply to any steamship belonging to any class so excepted.

8* — (1) Section four hundred and forty of the principal Act Extension of (which relates to the time for marking load-lines) shall apply to to

all British foreign-going ships, and, so far as it is applied by marking load-this Act to foreign ships, to all foreign foreign-going ships, line, whether the owner is required to enter the ship outwards or not.

(2) In the case of a ship which the owner is not required to enter outwards —

(a) the disc indicating the load-line shall be marked before clearance for the ship is demanded;

(h) the master shall prepare a statement similar to that required to be inserted in the form of entry under subsection (2) of the said section four hundred and forty, and in the case of a British ship shall enter a copy of the statement in the agreement with the crew and in the official log-book, and subsections (3) and

(4) of that section shall apply accordingly;

(c) the master shall deliver a copy of the statement to the officer of customs from whom a clearance for the ship is demanded, and a clearance shall not be granted until the statement is so delivered.

(3) Where the certificate referred to in subsection (4) of section four hundred and forty-three of the principal Act (which relates to regulations as to load-line) is required to be delivered, the provisions of this section as to the statement to be prepared by the master shall not take effect.

250

Cij. 48.

Merchant Shipping Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7«

Entry in logbook of boat drill, &c.

Loading of timber.

(4) For the purpose of providing for an alteration of marks during a voyage, subsection (5) of section four hundred and forty of the principal Act shall be read as if the words "or, if " the mark has been altered abroad in accordance with regulations made by the Board of Trade for the purpose, marked " with the mark as so altered " were added after the words "so marked, " and subsection (2) of section four hundred and forty-three of the principal Act shall be read as if the purposes for which regulations may be made under that section included provision for the alteration of marks on ships abroad.

9. — (1) The master of every. British ship shall enter or cause to be entered in the official log-book, a statement, or if there is no official log-book, cause a record to be kept, of every occasion on which boat drill is practised on board the ship, and on which the life-saving appliances on board the ship have been examined for the purpose of seeing that those appliances are fit and ready for use.

(2) The master shall, if and when required by any officer of the Board of Trade, produce for inspection any record kept by him for the purposes of this section.

(3) If the master of a ship fails to comply with any requirement of this section, he shall be liable on summary conviction for each offence to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

10. — (1) If a ship, British or foreign, arrives between the last day of October and the sixteenth day of April in any year at any port in the United Kingdom from any port out of the United Kingdom, carrying any heavy or light wood goods as deck cargo (except under the conditions allowed by this section)* the master of the ship, and also the owner, if he is privy to the offence, shall be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds for every hundred and fifty cubic feet of space in which wood goods are carried in contravention of this section.

(2) The conditions under which heavy wood goods may be carried as deck cargo are as follows:—

(a) that they must only be carried in covered spaces; and (h) that they must be carried only in such class of ships as may be approved by the Board of Trade for the purpose; and

(c) that they must be loaded in accordance with regulations made by the Board of Trade with respect to the loading thereof.

(3) The conditions under which light wood goods may be carried as deck cargo are as follows: —

(a) Each unit of the goods must be of a cubic capacity not greater than fifteen cubic feet; and (h) The height above the deck to which the goods are carried must not exceed —

(i) in the case of an uncovered space on a deck forming the top of a break, poop, or other permanent closed-in space on the upper deck, three feet above the top of that closed-in space; and

1900.

Merchant Shipping, 1906. Ch. 48.

251

(ii) in the case of an uncovered space, not being a space forming the top of any permanent closed-in space on the upper deck or a space forming the top of a covered space, the height of the main rail, bulwark, or plating, or one-fourth of the inside breadth of the ship, or seven feet, whichever height is the least; and

(iii) in the case of a covered space the full height of that space:

(c) Regulations may be made by the Board of Trade for the protection of seamen from any risk arising from the carriage of the goods in any uncovered space to the height allowed under this section, and those regulations must be complied with on the ship.

(4) A master or owner shall not be liable to any fine under this section —

(a) in respect of any wood goods which the master has

considered it necessary to place or keep on deck during the voyage on account of the springing of any leak, or of any other damage to the ship received or apprehended; or

(b) if he proves that the ship sailed from the port at which

the wood goods were loaded as deck cargo at such time before the last day of October as allowed a sufficient interval according to the ordinary duration of the voyage for the ship to arrive before that day at the said port in the United Kingdom, but was prevented from so arriving by stress of weather or circumstances beyond his control; or

(c) if he proves that the ship sailed from the port at which the wood goods were loaded as deck cargo at such time before the sixteenth day, of April as allowed a reasonable interval according to the ordinary duration of the voyage for the ship to arrive after that day at the said port in the United Kingdom, and by reason of an exceptionally favourable voyage arrived before that day.

(5) For the purposes of this section —

(a) the expression "heavy wood goods" means —

(i) any square, round, waney, or other timber, or any pitch pine, mahogany, oak, teak, or other heavy wood goods whatever; or

(ii) any more than five spare spars or store spars, whether or not piade, dressed, and finally prepared for use; and

(b) the expression "light wood goods" means any deals,

battens, or other light wood goods of any description; and

(c) the expression "deck cargo" means any cargo carried

either in any uncovered space upon deck or in any covered space not included in the cubical contents forming the ship’s registered tonnage; and

252

Summary prosecution for offences under the loading of grain provisions.

Prohibition of engagement of seamen with insufficient knowledge of English.

Inclusion of foreign steam* ships as passenger steamers.

Ch. 48. Merchant Shipping Act, 1903. 6 Edw. 7.

(d) the space in which wood goods are carried shall be deemed to be the space limited by the superficial area occupied by the goods, and by straight lines enclosing a rectangular space sufficient to include the goods.

(6) Nothing in this section shall affect any ship not bound to a port in the United Kingdom which comes into any port of the United Kingdom under stress of weather, or for repairs, or for any purpose other than the delivery of her cargo.

(7) This section shall come into operation on the passing of this Act.

11. Any offence for which a person is liable to a fine under subsection (2) of section four hundred and fifty-two of the principal Act (which relates to the obligation to take precautions to prevent grain cargo from shifting) or under any provision of this Act which relates to the lading of grain cargoes on foreign ships may be prosecuted summarily; but the fine to which a person is liable for any such offence shall not, if the offence is prosecuted summarily, exceed a hundred pounds.

12. After the thirty-first day of December nineteen hundred and seven, the superintendent or other officer, before whom a seaman is engaged to be entered on board 'any British ship at any port in the British Islands or on the continent of Europe between the River Elbe and Brest inclusive, shall not allow a seaman to sign the agreement if in his opinion the seaman does not possess a sufficient knowledge of the English language to understand the necessary orders that may be given to him in the course of the performance of his duties; but nothing in this section shall apply to any British subject or inhabitant of a British protectorate or to any lascar:

Provided that where a seaman has been allowed to sign an agreement after the date on which this section comes into force, and is discharged before a superintendent or other officer, the superintendent or officer shall note the fact on his certificate of discharge in manner directed by the Board of Trade, and a superintendent or other officer shall not under this section refuse to allow a seaman who holds a certificate so noted to sign an agreement unless the superintendent or officer considers that there are special reasons for the refusal, and in that case he shall make a special report of the matter to the Board of Trade.

Part II.

Passenger and Emigrant Ships.

13. The definition of "passenger steamer " in section two hundred and sixty-seven of the principal Act shall be amended so as to include every foreign steamship (whether originally proceeding from a port in the United Kingdom or from a port out of the United Kingdom) which carries passengers to or from any place, or between any places, in the United Kingdom.

1906.

Merchant Shipping Act, 1906. Ch. 48.

253

14. The following paragraph shall he substituted for para- Definition of

graph (3) of section two hundred and sixty-eight of the principal steera^e pas-Act — senger ’

"(3) The expression ‘steerage passenger’ means all passengers except cabin passengers, and persons shall not be deemed cabin passengers unless —

" (a) the space allotted to their exclusive use is in the proportion of at least thirty-six clear superficial feet " to each statute adult; and " (h) the fare contracted to be paid by them amounts to at " least the sum of twenty-five pounds for the entire " voyage or is in the proportion of at least sixty-five " shillings for every thousand miles of the length of the voyage; and " (c) they have been furnished with a duty signed contract " ticket in the form prescribed by the Board of Trade " for cabin passengers."

15. Where a passenger steamer takes on board passengers Passengers from a tender, or lands passengers by means of a tender, she j£^ed em* shall be deemed to be taking the passengers on board from, or means o/ten-landing the passengers at, the port from or to which the tender ders. comes or goes, and passengers conveyed in a tender to or from

a ship from or to a place in the United Kingdom shall for the purposes of Part III. of the principal Act, and for the purposes of any returns to be made under the Merchant Shipping Acts, be deemed to be passengers carried from or to a place in the United Kingdom.

16. — (1) A ship shall not carry passengers, whether cabin or Restriction as steerage passengers, on more than one deck below the waterline, wMchpas-

(2) If this section is not complied with in the case of any sengers may be ship the master of the ship shall for each offence be liable to carried, a fine not exceeding five hundred pounds.

17. — (1) The Board of Trade may prescribe regulations, Regulations scales, conditions, and forms in substitution for those contained substituted for in the Tenth, Eleventh, Twelfth, Thirteenth, and Fourteenth nt 12, ’Y3, and Schedules of the principal Act (which relate to the number of u principal persons carried on emigrant ships, the accommodation for Act* steerage passengers on emigrant ships, the provisions and water

to be issued to steerage passengers on emigrant ships, the carriage of horses and cattle on emigrant ships, and the forms to be used under Part III. of that Act).

(2) Any reference in the Merchant Shipping Acts or in any other Act or document to any of those schedules shall be construed as a reference to the corresponding regulations, scales, conditions, or forms prescribed by the Board of Trade under this section.

18. — (1) The master of every emigrant ship shall on request Copies of scale produce to any steerage passenger for his perusal a copy of the J.ppUcSSe'to scale of provisions to which that person is entitled either in voyage to be

254

produced to steerage passenger and posted up in ship.

Provision as to the time at which a steer* age passenger is to be ready to embark.

Power to allow continuing master’s bond.

Ch. 48. Merchant Shipping, 190C. 6 Et)W. 7.

pursuance of the principal Act or under any conditions subject to which the Board of Trade have dispensed with that scale in pursuance of their powers under the Merchant Shipping Acts, and shall post up copies of the scale in ^t least two. conspicuous places between the decks on which steerage passengers may be carried, and shall keep them posted so long as any steerage passenger is entitled to remain in the ship.

(2) The master shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding forty shillings for every day during any part of which by his act or default copies of the extracts are not posted up, and shall, if he fails to produce a copy of the scale as required by this section to a steerage passenger, for each offence be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding forty shillings.

(3) If any person displaces or defaces any copy of the scale posted under this section, he shall for each offence be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding forty shillings.

(4) The obligation of the master under this section shall be in addition to and not in derogation of any obligation lie may be under in pursuance of section three hundred and sixty-one of the principal Act.

19. For the purpose of adapting section three hundred and twenty-eight of the principal Act to any hour of sailing, the following paragraph shall be substituted for paragraph (i) of that section: —

" (i) The steerage passenger is at the place of embarkation " before the hour appointed in his contract, or if no " hour is appointed in the contract, before any hour " fixed for the embarkation of which he has received " not less than twenty-four hours notice; and "

20. — (1) The Board of Trade, on the application of the

owner of any emigrant ship, may, by regulations made under this section, allow the master’s bond, required under section three hundred and nine of the principal Act, to be given, subject to such conditions as may be prescribed, in the form of a continuing bond as respects that ship.

(2) The Board of Trade may make regulations for the purpose of adapting the provisions of sections three hundred and nine and three hundred and ten of the principal Act to the case of a continuing bond, and for prescribing the conditions under which continuing bonds may be allowed in the case of any ship.

(3) Subsection (3) of section three hundred and ten of the principal Act shall have effect with respect to every voyage of the ship during the continuance of the bond, and references to the arrival of the ship and the return of the ship shall be construed as references to the arrival of the ship and the return of the ship after any voyage, so far as respects matters happening during or in connection with the voyage.

1906.

Merchant Shipping, 1906. Ch. 48.

255

21. If the provisions of the Merchant Shipping Acts which Penalty on require a passenger steamer to be surveyed and to have a pas- ^eTfor non-senger steamer’s certificate are not complied with in the case of compliance any such steamer, the master or owner of the steamer shall, with provisions without prejudice to any other remedy or penalty under the ^eanmrsT0^ Merchant Shipping Acts, be liable on summary conviction to a

fine not exceeding ten pounds for every passenger carried from or to any place in the United Kingdom, and the master or owner of any tender by means of which passengers are taken on board or landed from any such steamer shall be liable to a like penalty for every passenger so taken on board or landed.

22. If a passenger steamer has on board at any place a Overcrowding number of passengers which, having regard to the time, occasion, steamers^1 and circumstances of the case, is greater than the number allowed by the passenger steamer’s certificate, the owner or

master of the steamer shall, for the purposes of section two hundred and eighty-three of the principal Act, be deemed to have received those passengers on board at that place.

23. The provisions of Part III. of the principal Act, relating Sale of stecr-to passage brokers, shall apply to any person who at any place age Passages* in the British Islands sells or lets, or agrees to sell or let, or is anywise concerned in the sale or letting of, steerage passages

from any place in Europe not within the Mediterranean Sea.

24. The following section shall be substituted for section Frauds in three hundred and fifty-three of the principal Act: — attemptfng to

" If any person, by any false representation, fraud, or false induce persons pretence, induces or attempts to induce any person to emigrate g^ggage 1>as' or to engage a steerage passage in any ship, he shall for each offence be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, or to imprisonment with or without hard labour for a period not exceeding three months."

Part III. Seamen’s Food.

25. — (1) The master of every ship for which an agreement statutory scale with the crew is required under the Merchant Shipping Acts ^rpJ^81011s shall, if the agreement is made after the first day of June nineteen hundred and seven, furnish provisions to every member of the crew (who does not furnish his own provisions), in accordance with the scale set out in the First Schedule to this Act, and for the purposes of section one hundred and ninety-nine of the principal Act (which provides for compensation in the case of short or bad provisions) every such member of the crew of the ship shall be deemed to have stipulated by his agreement for provisions in accordance with that scale.

(2) The power of the court to modify or refuse compensation under section one hundred and ninety-nine of the principal Act shall be extended to cases where a member of the crew claiming

256

Ch. 48.

6 Edw. 7.

Inspection

provisions

water.

Merchant Shipping Act, 1906.

compensation, although, he has not been supplied with the provisions actually required by the scale, has been supplied with provisions containing on the whole the same or a greater amount of wholesome nutriment in their place.

(3) If the master of a ship fails to furnish provisions in accordance with this section, and the court before which the case is tried consider that the failure was due to the neglect or default of the master, the master shall be liable on summary conviction, in addition to paying compensation under section one hundred and ninety-nine of the principal Act, to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds.

(4) His Majesty may by Order in Council vary or add to the First Schedule to this Act.

(5) This section shall not apply in the case of lascars or natives of India or others not accustomed to a European dietary, with whom an agreement is entered into providing an adequate scale of provisions suited to their needs and uses.

of 26. — (1) An inspecting officer appointed under section two

and hundred and six of the principal Act may inspect (either on board the ship or before shipment) any provisions or water intended for the use of the crew of any British ship which is going from any port in the United Kingdom and for which an agreement with the crew is required under the Merchant Shipping Acts (other than provisions provided by the crew themselves), and if he finds that the provisions or water are in any respect deficient in quality, the ship shall be detained until the defects are remedied to his satisfaction:

Provided that any inspection of provisions or water under this section shall be made before shipment whenever practicable, and, if the master, owner, or agent of a ship gives notice to the inspecting officer that any provisions or water for the ship are ready for inspection, the inspecting officer shall not have power to inspect any such provisions or water under this section, if they are at a convenient place for inspection, except within forty-eight hours after the notice is given, without prejudice to the power of the inspecting officer to inspect any provisions or water not specified in the notice or without unnecessarily delaying the ship to proceed on board the ship in order to satisfy himself that there has been no evasion of the requirements of this section by the substitution of other provisions or water for those which have been inspected on shore or specified in a notice as being the provisions or water for the ship, or otherwise.

(2) Where any provisions or water are found deficient in quality under this section, the master of the ship shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding a hundred pounds, unless the court before which the case is tried think that the finding of the inspecting officer was not justified; but if the master of the ship shows to the satisfaction of the court that the responsibility for the defects in the provisions or water rests

1

1906.

Merchant Shipping Act, 1906. Ch. 48.

257

either with the owner of the ship, or any agent of the owner of the ship, or with the person who has supplied the provisions or water, that agent, owner, or person shall he liable to conviction for the offence instead of the master, and the master shall be exempt.

(3) The master of the ship and any other person having charge of any provisions or water liable to inspection under this section shall give the inspecting officer every reasonable facility for the purpose of his inspection under this section, and, if he refuses or fails to do so shall be liable for each offence on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

27. — (1) After the thirtieth day of June nineteen hundred and eight, every British foreign-going ship of a thousand tons and upwards gross tonnage, going to sea from any place in the British Islands or on the continent of Europe between the River Elbe and Brest inclusive, shall be provided with and carry a duly certificated cook who is able to prove one month’s service at sea in some capacity.

(2) A cook shall not be deemed to be duly certificated within the meaning of this section unless he is the holder of a certificate of competency in cooking granted by the Board of Trade or by some school of cookery or other institution approved for the purpose by that Board, or is the holder of certificates of discharge showing at least two years’ service as cook previously to the said thirtieth day of June nineteen hundred and eight.

(3) The cook shall be rated in the ship’s articles as ship’s cook, or in the case of ships of not more than two thousand tons gross tonnage, or ships in which the crew, or the majority of the crew, provide their own provisions, either as ship’s cook or as cook and steward.

(4) In the case of an emigrant ship, the ship’s cook shall be in addition to the cook required by section three hundred and four of the principal Act.

(5) If the requirements of this section are not complied with in the case of any ship, the master or owner of the ship shall, if there is no sufficient reason for the failure to comply with the requirements, for each offence be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty-five pounds.

Part IV.

Provisions as to Relief and Repatriation of Distressed Seamen, and Seamen left behind Abroad.

28. — (1) If a seaman belonging to any British ship is left behind out of the British Islands, the master of the ship shall subject to the provisions of this section —

(a) as soon as may be, enter in the official log-book a statement of the effects left on board by the seaman and of the amount due to the seaman on account of wages at the time when he was left behind; and

R

Certificated cooks for foreign-going ships.

Dealing with wages and effects of a seaman who is left behind.

258

Ch. 48.

Merchant Shipping, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

(i b) on the termination of the voyage during which the seaman was left behind, furnish to the proper officer within forty-eight hours after the arrival of the ship at the port at which the voyage terminates, accounts in a form approved by the Board of Trade, one (in this section referred to as the delivery account) of the effects and wages, and the other (in this section referred to as the reimbursement account) of any expenses caused to the master or owner of the ship by the absence of the seaman in cases where the absence is due to desertion, neglect to join his ship, or any other conduct constituting an offence under section two hundred and twenty-one of the principal Act. The master shall, if required by the proper officer, furnish such vouchers as may be reasonably required to verify the accounts.

(2) The master of the ship shall deliver to the proper officer the effects of the seaman as shown in the delivery account, and subject to any deductions allowed under this section, the amount due on account of wages as shown in that account, and the officer shall give to the master a receipt, in a form approved by the Board of Trade, for any effects or amount so delivered.

(3) The master of the ship shall be entitled to be reimbursed out of the wages or effects any sums shown in the reimbursement account which appear to the proper officer or, in case of an appeal under this section, to a court of summary jurisdiction to be properly chargeable, and for that purpose the officer, or, if necessary, in the case of an appeal, the Board of Trade, shall allow those sums to be deducted from the amount due on account of wages shown in the delivery account, and, so far as that amount is not sufficient, to be repaid to the master out of the effects.

The proper officer, before allowing any sums to be deducted or repaid under this provision, may require such evidence as he thinks fit as to the sums being properly chargeable to be given by the master of the ship, either by statutory declaration or otherwise.

Where the master of a ship whose voyage terminates in the United Kingdom is aggrieved by the decision of the proper officer as to the sums to be allowed as properly chargeable on his reimbursement account, and the amount in dispute exceeds ten pounds, he may appeal from the decision of the proper officer to a court of summary jurisdiction.

(4) Where during the voyage of a ship two or more seamen have been left behind, the delivery and reimbursement accounts furnished as respects each seaman may at the option of the master of the ship be dealt with, as between him and the proper officer, collectively instead of individually, and in that case the master of the ship shall be entitled to be reimbursed, out of the total amount of the wages and effects of the seamen left behind,

1906.

Merchant Shipping Act, 1906. Ch. 48.

259

the total of the amounts allowed under this section as properly chargeable on the reimbursement accounts, and shall be required to deliver to the proper officer on account of wages only the sum by which the total of the amounts shown on the delivery accounts to be due on account of wages exceeds the total of the amounts allowed as properly chargeable on the reimbursement accounts.

(5) The proper officer shall (subject to any repayment made under this section) remit the effects, and any amount received by him on account of wages under this section, at such time and in such manner as the Board of Trade require, and shall render such accounts in respect thereof as the Board direct.

(6) In this section the expression "effects " includes the proceeds of any sale of the effects if these effects are sold under this section, and the effects shall be sold by the proper officer in such manner as he thinks fit when they are delivered to him, unless the Board of Trade direct to the contrary, and, if not so sold, shall be sold by the Board as and when they think fit unless they are delivered to the seaman.

(7) The master shall be under no liability for any loss of effects or for any damage to the effects if he proves to the proper olficer that the loss or damage occurred without his neglect or privity after the seaman left the ship.

(8) The Board of Trade shall not be under any liability with respect to anything done under this section, except that, if after the wages or effects of a seaman have been dealt with under this section, any legal proceedings are taken in respect of those wages or effects, or involving the forfeiture of those wages or effects, or of any sum out of the wages, by the seaman against the master or owner of the ship, or by the master or owner of the ship against the seaman, the Board shall, if notice is given to them of the proceedings, and a reasonable opportunity afforded to them of appearing, comply with any order of the court made as respects the wages or effects, so far as they can do so out of the wages and effects remitted to them in respect of the voyage of the ship, and, so far as those wages and effects are not required for reimbursing any expenses incurred by or on behalf of the Crown, or incurred by the Government of a foreign country and repaid to that Government by or on behalf of the Crown, as expenses of a distressed seaman on behalf of the seaman.

The Board shall be entitled to appear and be heard in any such proceedings by any of their officers, and for the purpose of this section notice to any superintendent shall be deemed to be notice to the Board.

The Board may, if and so far as they think fit, meet any claim made by a seaman against the master or owner of the ship in respect of any wages or effects dealt with under this section, although legal proceedings are not actually taken in respect thereof:Provided that they have given notice to the master or owner of the ship, and the master or owner has not given written notice of objection within ten days of the notice being given.

260

Ch. 48.

Merchant Shipping Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

For the purposes of this subsection, any legal proceedings taken or any claim made by a person in whose favour an allotment note has been made, or who claims reimbursement of expenses on behalf of any union or parish under section one hundred and eighty-two of the principal Act, shall be treated as proceedings taken or a claim made by the seaman.

(9) Any sums remitted under this section or arising from the sale of effects under this section shall be paid into the Exchequer, and any sums payable by the Board of Trade under this section shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(10) If the master of a ship fails without reasonable cause to comply with this section, he shall (without prejudice to any other liability) for each offence be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, and, if he delivers a false account or makes a false statement or representation for the purposes of this section, he shall in respect of each offence be guilty of a misdemeanor.

(11) The proper officer for the purpose of this section shall be —

(i) at a port in the United Kingdom, a superintendent;

(ii) at a port in a British possession, a superintendent, or, in the absence of any such superintendent, the chief officer of customs at or near the port;

(iii) at a port elsewhere, the consular officer at the port.

(12) This section shall not apply in the case of an absent seaman —

(a) Where the master of the ship satisfies the proper officer that none of the effects of the seaman have to his knowledge been left on board the ship, and that he has paid all wages due to the seaman; or

(b) where the amount of wages earned by the seaman (after taking into account any deductions made in respect of allotments or advances for which provision is made by the agreement with the crew) appears from the agreement to be less than five pounds, and the master does not exercise his option to deal with the delivery and reimbursement accounts collectively; or

(c) where the master of the ship satisfies the proper officer that the net amount due to the seaman on account of wages (after taking into account any deductions lawfully made in respect of allotments, advances, or otherwise) is less than three pounds, and the master does not exercise his option to deal with the delivery and reimbursement accounts collectively; or

(d) where the question of the forfeiture of the wages and effects of the seaman has been dealt with in legal proceedings lawfully instituted before the termination of the voyage, or within forty-eight hours of the arrival of the ship at the port at which the voyage terminates.

1906. Merchant Shipping Act, 1906. Ch. 48. 261

29. The provisions of Part II. of the principal Act, relating Property of to the property of deceased seamen shall be extended so as to

apply to seamen belonging to a British ship registered in the voyage of 6 United Kingdom, the voyage of which is to terminate out of the which does not United Kingdom, and in that case the British consular officer at the Unitwin the port at which the voyage terminates, or, if the port is in a Kingdom. British possession, the officer of customs there, shall exercise the same powers as he may exercise under those provisions when a ship the voyage of which is to terminate in the United Kingdom touches and remains for forty-eight hours at a port elsewhere than in the United Kingdom, and those provisions shall apply accordingly.

30. — (1) The master of a British ship shall not discharge a sanction reseaman at any place out of the United Kingdom (except at quixed oTsea" a port in the country in which he was shipped), unless he mengout of* previously obtains, endorsed on the agreement with the crew, the United the sanction of the proper authority as defined for the purpose Kingdom‘

in this Part of this Act, but that sanction shall not be refused where the seaman is discharged on the termination of his service.

(2) The authority to whom an application is made for sanction under this section may, and, if not a merchant, shall, examine into the grounds on which a seaman is to be discharged at a place out of the United Kingdom, and for that purpose may, if he thinks fit, administer oaths, and may grant or refuse the sanction as he thinks just, but such sanction shall not be unreasonably withheld.

(3) If the master of a ship fails to comply with this section, he shall, in respect of each offence, be guilty of a misdemeanor, and in any legal proceeding for the offence it shall lie on the master to prove that the sanction was obtained or could not be obtained or was unreasonably withheld.

31. Where the master of a British ship discharges a seaman Certificate of at any place out of the United Kingdom, he shall give to that ^8rco^rge seaman a certificate of discharge in a form approved by the Board

of Trade, and, in the case of any certificated officer whose certificate he has retained, shall return that certificate to him.

32. — (1) Where the service of a seaman belonging to a Repatriation of British ship terminates at a port out of His Majesty's dominions ^iSon^f*" otherwise than by the consent of the seaman to be discharged service at during the currency of the agreement, the master of the ship foreign port shall, besides giving the certificate of discharge required under

this Part of this Act, and besides paying the wages to which the seaman is entitled, make adequate provision in accordance with this Act for his maintenance and for his return to a proper return port, and the proper authority as defined for the purpose in this Part of this Act shall endorse upon the agreement with the crew of the ship which the seaman is leaving the particulars of any provision so made.

262 Ch. 48. Merchant Shipping Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

(2) If the master fails, without reasonable cause, to comply with this section, the expenses of maintenance and of the journey to the proper return port, —

(a) if defrayed by the seaman, shall be recoverable as wages r due to him; and

(h) if defrayed by the proper authority or by any other person, shall (unless the seaman has been guilty of barratry) be a charge upon the ship to which the seaman belonged, and may also be recovered against the person who is the owner of the ship for the time being, or, where the ship has been lost, against the person who was the owner of the ship at the time of the loss, or, where the ship has been transferred to some person not being a British subject, either against the owner for the time being or against the person who was the owner of the ship at the time of the transfer, at the suit of the proper authority or other person defraying the expenses, or, in case they have been allowed to the authority or person out of public money, as a debt to the Crown, either by ordinary process of law or in the court and in the manner in which wages may be recovered by seamen.

(3) This section shall not apply in the case of a foreign seaman who has been shipped at a port out of the United Kingdom and discharged at a port out of the United Kingdom.

Discharge, &c. t 33. — (1) Where a British ship is transferred or disposed of charTTof °n any Por^ out His Majesty's dominions, any seaman be-ownership of longing to that ship shall be discharged unless the seaman ship at a for- consents in writing, in the presence of the proper authority as eign port. defined for the purpose in this Part of this Act, to complete the voyage of the ship if continued.

(2) Where a seaman is so discharged the provisions of this Part of this Act as to the certificate of discharge, and the return of the seaman to a proper return port, shall apply as if the service of the seaman had terminated otherwise than by the consent of the seaman to be discharged during the currency of the agreement, and shall apply to foreign seamen whether they have been shipped at a port in the United Kingdom or not.

Expenses of 34. — (1) If the master of, or a seaman belonging to, a ship ^ce in case of" rece^ves any ^urt or injury in the service of the ship, or suffers injury or ill- from any illness (not being venereal disease, or an illness due to nesB. his own wilful act or default or to his own misbehaviour), the

expense of providing the necessary surgical and medical advice and attendance and medicine, and also the expenses of the maintenance of the master or seaman until he is cured, or dies, or is returned to a proper return port, and of his conveyance to the port, and in the case of death the expense (if any) of his burial,

1906.

Merchant Shipping Act, 1906. Ch. 48.

263

shall be defrayed by the owner of the ship, without any deduction on that account from his wages.

(2) If the master or a seaman is on account of any illness temporarily removed from his ship for the purpose of preventing infection, or otherwise for the convenience of the ship, and subsequently returns to his duty, the expense of the removal and of providing the necessary advice and attendance and medicine, and of his maintenance while away from the ship, shall be defrayed in like manner.

(3) The expense of all medicines, surgical and medical advice, and attendance, given to a master or seaman whilst on board his ship shall be defrayed in like manner.

(4) In all other cases any reasonable expenses duly incurred by the owner for any seaman in respect of illness, and also any reasonable expenses duly incurred by the owner in respect of the burial of any seaman who dies whilst on service, shall, if duly proved, be deducted from the wages of the seaman.

35. — (1) If any of the expenses attendant on the illness, Recovery of hurt, or injury of a seaman, which are to be paid under the exPen6es from Merchant Shipping Acts by the master or owner, are paid by

any authority on behalf of the Crown, or if any other expenses in respect of the illness, hurt, or injury of any seaman whose wages are not accounted for under the Merchant Shipping Acts to that authority, are so paid, those expenses shall be repaid to the authority by the master or owner of the ship.

(2) If the expenses are not so repaid, the amount thereof shall with costs be a charge upon the ship, and be recoverable from the master or from the owner of the ship for the time being, or where the ship has been lost from the person who was the owner of the ship at the time of the loss, or, where the ship has been transferred to some person not being a British subject, either from the owner for the time being or from the person wrho was the owner of the ship at the time of the transfer, as a debt to the Crown, either by ordinary process of law or in the court and in the manner in which wages may be recovered by seamen.

(3) In any proceeding for such recovery, a certificate of the facts, signed by the said authority, together with such vouchers (if any) as the case requires, shall be sufficient proof that the said expenses were duly paid by that authority.

36. — (1) The master of a British ship shall not leave a Certificate of seaman behind at any place out of the United Kingdom, ashore proper au-

or at sea (except where the seaman is discharged in accordance qu^ed where a with the Merchant Shipping Acts), unless he previously obtains, seaman is left endorsed on the agreement with the crew, the certificate of the behint1 abroad-proper authority, as defined for the purpose in this Part of this Act, stating the cause of the seaman being left behind, whether the cause be unfitness or inability to proceed to sea, desertion, or disappearance or otherwise.

264 Ch. 48.

Merchant Shipping Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7

Account of wages in case of seaman left behind on ground of unfitness or inability to proceed to sea.

Payment of wages of seaman left behind on ground of unfitness or inability to proceed to sea.

(2) The authority to whom an application is made for a certificate under this section may, and, if not a merchant, shall, examine into the grounds on which a seaman is to he left behind, and for that purpose may, if he thinks fit, administer oaths, and may grant or refuse the certificate as he thinks just, but the certificate shall not be unreasonably withheld.

(3) If the master of a ship fails to comply with this section, he shall (without prejudice to his liability under any other provision of the Merchant Shipping Acts) be guilty in respect of each offence of a misdemeanor, and in any legal proceeding for the offenoe it shall lie on the master to prove that the certificate was obtained or could not be obtained without unreasonable delay to the ship or was unreasonably withheld.

37. — (1) Where a master of a British ship leaves a seaman behind on shore in any place out of the United Kingdom on the ground of his unfitness or inability to proceed to sea, he shall deliver to the person signing the required certificate of the proper authority a full and true account of the wages due to the seaman, and if that person is a consular officer shall deliver the account in duplicate.

(2) If a master fails without reasonable cause to deliver the account, he shall for each offence be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds, and, if he knowingly delivers a false account, he shall for each offence be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, in addition in each case to the payment of the wages.

38. — (1) The master shall pay the amount of wages due to a seaman left behind on the ground of his unfitness or inability to proceed to sea, if he is left in a British possession to the seaman himself, and if he is left elsewhere to the British consular officer.

(2) Where payment is made to a British consular officer, that officer shall retain one duplicate of the account delivered to him, and, if satisfied with the account, endorse on the other duplicate a receipt for the payment, and return it to the master, and the master shall deliver the duplicate within forty-eight hours of his return to his port of destination, if that port is in the United Kingdom, to the superintendent at that port, and, if that port is not in the United Kingdom, to the proper authority as defined for the purpose of this Part of this Act.

(3) The payment shall be made, whenever it is practicable, in money, and, when not so practicable, by bills drawn on the owner of the ship, but if payment is made by bill —

(a) the person signing the required certificate of the proper authority shall certify by endorsement on the bill that the bill is drawn for seamen’s wages, and shall also endorse on the agreement with the crew the amount for which the bill is drawn, and such further particulars as the Board of Trade require;

1906. Merchant Shipping Act, 1906. Ch. 48. 265

(b) if the bill is drawn by the master, the owner of the ship shall be liable to pay the amount to the holder or endorsee thereof; and it shall not be necessary in any proceeding against the owner upon the bill to prove that the master had authority to draw it;

(c) a bill purporting to be drawn and endorsed under this section shall, if produced out of the custody of the Board of Trade or of the Registrar-General of Shipping and Seamen, or of any superintendent, be admissible in evidence; and any endorsement on any such bill purporting to be made in pursuance of this section shall also be admissible as evidence of the facts stated in the endorsement.

(4) If a master fails, without reasonable cause, to make such payment of wages as provided by this section, he shall for each offence be liable on summary conviction, in addition to the payment of the wages, to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

39. Where the amount of wages due to a seaman left behind on the ground of his unfitness or inability to proceed to sea is so paid to a British consular officer, that officer shall deal with the sum so paid to him in the following manner, namely:—

(1) If the seaman subsequently obtains employment at or

quits the port at which the payment has been made, he shall deduct out of the sum any expenses incurred by him in respect of the maintenance of the seaman under the Merchant Shipping Acts; except such as the owner or master is by the Merchant Shipping Acts required to defray, and shall pay the remainder to the seaman, and deliver to him an account of the sums so received and expended on his behalf;

(2) If the seaman dies before his ship quits the port, he shall

deal with the sum as part of the property of a deceased seaman; and

(3) If the seaman is sent to a proper return port at the public

expense under the Merchant Shipping Acts, he shall account for the sum to the Board of Trade; and the sum, after deducting any expenses duly incurred in respect of the seaman, except such expenses as the master or owner of the ship is required by the Merchant Shipping Acts to pay, shall be dealt with as wages of the seaman.

Application by British consular officer of payments on account of wages of seamen left behind.

40. The Board of Trade shall make regulations with respect Regulations as to the relief, maintenance, and return to a proper return port of maintenance of shipwrecked seamen and of seamen found otherwise in distress distressed sea-in any place out of the United Kingdom, and may, by those men-regulations (in this Act referred to as the distressed seamen regulations), make such conditions as they think lit with regard to that relief, maintenance, and sending to a proper return port,

266

Ch. 48.

Merchant Shipping, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

and a seaman shall not have any right to he relieved, maintained, or sent to a proper return port, except in the cases and to the extent and on the conditions provided by those regulations.

Provisions for 41. — (1) Where either —

relief and ' 9

maintenance of (a) any seamen, whether subjects of His Majesty or not,

distressed sea- are found in any place out of the United Kingdom,

men’ and have been shipwrecked from any British ship or

any of His Majesty's ships, or by reason of having been discharged or left behind from any such ship in any place out of the United Kingdom, are in distress in that place, or

(b)any seamen, being subjects of His Majesty, who have been engaged by any person acting either as principal or agent to serve in a ship belonging to the government or to a subject or citizen of a foreign country, are in distress in any place out of the United Kingdom,

the proper authority as defined for the purpose in this Part of this Act may, and, if not a merchant, shall, in accordance with and on the conditions prescribed by the distressed seamen regulations, provide in accordance with this Act for the return of those seamen (who are in this Act included in the term distressed seamen) to a proper return port, and also provide for their necessary clothing and their maintenance until their departure for such a port, and, in addition, in the case of shipwrecked seamen for the repayment of any expenses incurred in their conveyance to port after their shipwreck, and their maintenance while being so conveyed.

(2) The authority shall be paid in respect of the expenses incurred under this section on behalf of distressed seamen such sums as the Board of Trade may allow, and those sums shall, on the production of the bills of disbursements, with the proper vouchers, be paid as provided by this Part of this Act.

Recovery of 42. — (1) Where any expenses (other than excepted expenses

reiief^dis- as defined by this section) are incurred by or on behalf of the

tressed seamen.

Crown, or are incurred by the government of a foreign country, and repaid to that government by or on behalf of the Crown, on account of a distressed seaman, either for his maintenance, necessary clothing, conveyance to a proper return port, or in case of death for his burial, or otherwise in accordance with this Act, those expenses (together with the wages, if any, due to the seaman) shall be a charge upon the ship, whether British or foreign, to which the distressed seaman belonged, and shall be a debt to the Crown from the master of the ship, or from the owner of the ship for the time being, or, where the ship has been lost, from the person who was owner of the ship at the time of the loss, or, where the ship has been transferred to some person not being a British subject, either from the owner for the time being or from the person who was the owner of

1906.

Merchant Shipping Act, 1906. Ch. 48.

267

the ship at the time of the transfer, and also, if the ship be a foreign ship, from the person, whether principal or agent, who engaged the seaman for service in the ship.

(2) The debt, in addition to any fines which may have been incurred, may be recovered by the Board of Trade, on behalf of the Crown, either by ordinary process of law or in the court and manner in which wages may be recovered by seamen.

(3) In any proceeding for such recovery the production of the account (if any) of the expenses furnished in accordance with this Act or the distressed seamen regulations, and proof of payment of the expenses by or on behalf of the Board of Trade, shall be prima facie evidence that the expenses were incurred or repaid under this Act by or on behalf of the Crown.

(4) For the purpose of this section, excepted expenses are expenses incurred in cases where the certificate of the proper authority obtained on leaving a seaman behind states, or the Board of Trade are otherwise satisfied, that the cause of the seaman being left behind is desertion, or disappearance, or imprisonment for misconduct, or discharge from his ship by a naval court on the ground of misconduct, and expenses incurred on account of the return to a proper return port of a distressed seaman who has been discharged at the port at which he was shipped, or at some neighbouring port.

43. A person belonging to a British ship shall not wrong- Penalty for fully force a seaman on shore and leave him behind or otherwise onrg(j"fe8eamen cause a seaman to be wrongfully left behind at any place, either on shore or at sea, in or out of His Majesty's dominions, and if he does so he shall in respect of each offence be guilty of & misdemeanour.

44. — (1) Every fine imposed on a seaman for any act of Deduction from misconduct for which his agreement imposes a fine shall be wages andpay-

, , , - ± \ ment to super-

deducted as follows (that IS to say):— intendents,

(a) if the offender is discharged in the United Kingdom, *

and the offence, and the entry in the log-book required by the Merchant Shipping Acts in respect thereof, are proved to the satisfaction, in the case of a foreign-going ship of the superintendent before whom the offender is discharged, and in the case of a home-trade ship of the superintendent at or nearest the port at which the crew are discharged, the master or owner shall deduct the fine from the wages of the offender;

(b) if the offender enters His Majesty's naval service or is

discharged abroad, and the offence and the entry as aforesaid are proved to the satisfaction of the officer in command of the ship he so enters, or of the proper authority by whose sanction he is discharged, as the case may be, the fine shall be deducted as

268

Ch. 48.

Merchant Shipping Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Proper return port.

Mode of providing for return.

aforesaid and an entry made in the official log-book of the ship and signed by the officer or authority to whose satisfaction the offence is proved.

(2) Every fine so deducted shall be paid —

(a) if the offender is discharged in the United Kingdom,

to the superintendent;

(b) if the offender enters His Majesty's naval service, on

the return of the ship to its port of destination, if that port is in the United Kingdom, to the superintendent before whom the crew is discharged, or in. the case of a home-trade ship to the superintendent at or nearest to the port at which the crew is discharged, and, if the port of destination is not in the United Kingdom, to the proper authority as defined for the purpose of this Part of this Act;

(c) if the offender is discharged at any place out of the

United Kingdom, to the proper authority.

(3) A proper authority shall remit any amounts received by them under this section at such times and in such manner, and render such accounts in respect thereof, as the Board of Trade require.

(4) If a master or owner fails without reasonable cause to pay any fine as required by this section, he shall for each offence be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding six times the amount of the fine not so paid.

(5) An act of misconduct for which any fine has been inflicted and paid by, or deducted from the wages of, the seaman, shall not be otherwise punished under the Merchant Shipping Acts.

45. For the purpose of this Part of this Act, either the port at which the seaman was shipped or a port in the country to which he belongs, or some other port agreed to by the seaman, in the case of a discharged seaman, at the time of his discharge, shall be deemed to be a proper return port:

Provided that in the case of a seaman belonging to a British possession who has been shipped and discharged out of the United Kingdom the proper officer may treat a port in the United Kingdom as a proper return port.

46. — (1) A seaman may be sent to a proper return port by any reasonable route, either by sea or land, or partly by sea and partly by land.

(2) Provision shall be made for the return of the seaman as to the whole of the route if it is by sea, or as to any part of the route which is by sea, by placing the seaman on board a British ship which is in want of men to make up its complement, or, if that is not practicable, by providing the seaman with a passage in any ship, British or foreign, or with the money for his passage, and, as to any part of the route which is by land, by

1906.

Merchant Shipping Act, 1906. Ch. 48.

269

paying the expenses of his journey add of his maintenance during the journey, or providing him with means to pay those expenses.

(3) Where the master of a ship is required under this Part of this Act to provide for the return of a discharged seaman to a proper return port, the master may, instead of providing the seaman’s passage, or the expenses of his journey, or of providing the seaman with means to pay his passage or those expenses, deposit with the proper authority such sum as that authority consider sufficient to defray the expenses of the return of the seaman to a proper return port.

(4) The Board of Trade may, by the distressed seamen regulations, make such provision as may be necessary for enabling the proper authority, and in the case of expenses required to be incurred in the United Kingdom any officer named for the purpose by the Board, to defray on behalf of the authority originally making arrangements for the return of a distressed seaman to a proper return port any expenses on account of that seaman which the authority originally acting in respect of him could defray, and any expenses so incurred shall for the purposes of this Part of this Act relating to distressed seamen be deemed to be expenses incurred on behalf of the distressed seaman.

47. If any question arises as to what return port a seaman Decision of

is to be sent to in any case, or as to the route by which he should as to

be sent, that question shall be decided by the proper authority, proper au-and, in deciding any question under this provision, the authority thority.j shall have regard both to the convenience of the seaman and to the expense involved, and also, where that is the case, to the fact that a British ship which is in want of men to make up its complement is about to proceed to a proper return port.

48. — (1) Where a distressed seaman is, for the purpose of Provisions as to his return to a proper return port, placed on board a British ^ssed seamen ship, the authority by whom the seaman is so placed shall 0n ships, endorse on the agreement with the crew of the ship the name of

the seaman so placed on board, together with any particulars directed to be endorsed by the distressed seamen regulations.

(2) The master of every British ship shall receive on board his ship, and afford a passage and maintenance to, all distressed seamen whom he is required under this Act to take on board his ship, not exceeding one for every fifty tons burden, and shall during the passage provide every such distressed seaman with a proper berth or sleeping place, effectually protected against sea and weather.

(3) On the production of a certificate, signed by the authority by whose directions any such distressed seaman was received on board, specifying the nupaber and names of the distressed seamen and the time when each of them was received on board, and on a declaration made by the master before a justice of the peace, or any officer authorised to administer an oath, stating

270

Ch. 48.

Merchant Shipping Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7,

Definitions of " proper authority " and " seamen."

Ships’ names.

the number of days during which each distressed seaman has received maintenance, and stating the full complement of his crew and the actual number of seamen employed on board his ship, and every variation in that number, whilst the distressed seamen received maintenance, the master shall be entitled to be paid, in respect to the maintenance and passage of every seaman so conveyed, maintained, and provided for by him, exceeding the number (if any) wanted to make up the complement of his crew, such sum per diem as the Board of Trade allow.

(4) If any master of a British ship fails without reasonable cause to comply with this section in the case of any distressed seaman, he shall for each offence be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds.

49. For the purposes of this Part of this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, —

(1) The expression "proper authority" means —

(a) as respects a place out of His Majesty's dominions, the British consular officer, or, if there is no such officer in the place, any two British merchants resident at or near the place, or, if there is only one British merchant so resident, that British merchant; and

(b) as respects a place in a British possession —

(i) in relation to the discharge or leaving behind of seamen, or the payment of fines, a superintendent, or, in the absence of any such superintendent, the chief officer of customs at or near the place; and

(ii) in relation to distressed seamen the governor of the possession, or any person acting under his authority; and

(2) The expression "seamen" includes not.only seamen as

defined by the principal Act, but also apprentices to the sea service:

(3) The provisions of this Part of this Act shall, for the

purpose of sections two hundred and sixty to two hundred and sixty-six of the principal Act (which relate to the application of Part H. of that Act), be construed as if they were contained in Part H. of that Act.

Part V.

Miscellaneous.

50. — (1) The Board of Trade, in conjunction with the Commissioners of Customs, may make regulations enabling the Board of Trade to refuse the registry of any ship by the name by which it is proposed to register that ship if it is already the name of a registered British ship or a name so similar as to be calculated

1906.

Merchant Shipping Act, 1906. Ch. 48.

271

to deceive, and may by those regulations require notice to be given in such manner as may be directed by the regulations before the name of the ship is marked on the ship, or before the name of the ship is entered in the register.

(2) If the registry of a ship by the name by which it is proposed to register that ship is refused by the Board of Trade, or if any requirements of the regulations are not complied with in the case of any ship which it is proposed to register, that ship shall not be registered under the name proposed or until the regulations are complied with, as the case may be.

51. — (1) Where it appears to the Commissioners of Customs Power to in-that there is any doubt as to the title of any ship registered as g^eJfn*0rth _ a British ship to be so registered, they may direct the registrar ter^sWp^18" of the port of registry of the ship to require evidence to be be registered, given to his satisfaction that the ship is entitled to be registered

as a British ship.

(2) If within such time, not less than thirty days, as the Commissioners fix, satisfactory evidence of the title of the ship to be registered is not so given, the ship shall be subject to forfeiture under Part I. of the principal Act.

(3) In the application of this section to a port in a British possession, the Governor of the British possession, and, in the application of this section to foreign ports of registry, the Board of Trade, shall be substituted for the Commissioners of Customs.

52. — (1) Subsection (1) of section twenty-one of the principal Provisions Act shall be read as if the following words were inserted at the mort5gesCoft0 end of that subsection, " and the registry of the ship in that shipssoidto book shall be considered as closed except so far as relates to any foreigners, unsatisfied mortgages or existing certificates of mortgage entered therein."

(2) It is hereby declared that where the registry of a ship is considered as closed under subsection (1) of section twenty-one of the principal Act as amended by this section, or under subsection (10) of section forty-four of that Act, on account of a transfer to persons not qualified to be owners of British ships, any unsatisfied registered mortgage (including mortgages made under a certificate of mortgage) may, if the ship comes within the jurisdiction of any court in His Majesty's dominions which has jurisdiction to enforce the mortgage, or would have had such jurisdiction if the transfer had not been made, be enforced by that court notwithstanding the transfer, without prejudice, in cases where the ship has been sold under a judgment of a court, to the effect of that judgment.

53. The following subsection shall be substituted for sub- Amendment of

section (2) of section forty-eight of the principal Act: — 5s8 ^lct *

" (2) If default is made in registering anew a ship, or in registering an alteration of a ship so altered as aforesaid, the owner of the ship shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, and, in addition, to a fine not

272

Ch. 48.

Merchant Shipping Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Deduction of spaces used for water ballast in ascertaining tonnage.

Crew space of foreign ships.

Second mate certificates allowed in small foreign-going sailing ships.

exceeding five pounds for every day during which the offence continues after conviction."

54. — (1) For the purpose of enabling spaces used for water ballast to be deducted in ascertaining the register tonnage of a ship, section seventy-nine of the principal Act shall be read as if the words —

" (iv) Any space (other than a double bottom) adapted only for water ballast; and " were added at the end of paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of that section.

(2) For the purpose of obtaining the benefit of a deduction under this section the owner of any existing ship who claims to be entitled to the deduction may apply to the Board of Trade to have the necessary remeasurements of his ship made, and the Board of Trade, on the payment of such fee, not exceeding in any case one-fifth of the corresponding maximum fee fixed by the Third Schedule to the principal Act, as they may authorise, shall direct those measurements to be made, and the number denoting the register tonnage shall be altered accordingly.

55. Subsection (1) of section eighty-four of the principal Act shall be read as if the following words were added thereto, namely, " and any space shown by the certificate of registry or " other national papers of any such ship as deducted from " tonnage on account of being occupied by seamen or apprentices, and appropriated to their use, shall be deemed to have " been certified under this Act, and to comply with the provisions of this Act which apply to such a space in the case of " British ships, unless a surveyor of ships certifies to the Board " of Trade that the construction and the equipment of the ship " as respects that space do not come up to the standard required " under this Act in the case of a British ship, and if any ques-

tion arises whether the construction and the equipment of the " ship so come up to the required standard a surveyor of ships " may inspect the ship for purpose of determining whether such " a certificate should be given by him or not."

56. The following paragraph shall be substituted for paragraph (6) of subsection (1) of section ninety-two of the principal Act (which relates to the certificates of competency to be held by officers of ships): —

" (b)If the ship is of one hundred tons burden or upwards

with at least one officer besides the master holding a certificate not lower than that of —

(i) mate in the case of a home trade passenger ship;

(ii) second mate in the case of a foreign-going sailing ship of not more than two hundred tons burden; and

(iii) only mate in the case of any other foreign-going ship."

1906.

Merchant Shipping Act, 1906. Ch. 48.

273

57. In any action or other legal proceedings by the master Powers of court of a ship for the recovery of any sum due to him on accountin of un-of wages, the court may, if it appears to them that the payment adayir^paying of the sum due has been delayed otherwise than owing to the master’s wages, act or default of the master, or to any reasonable dispute as

to liability, or to any other cause not being the wrongful act or default of the person liable to make the payment, order that person to pay, in addition to any sum due on account of wages, such sum as they think just as damages in respect of the delay, without prejudice to any claim which may be made by the master on that account.

58. — (1) For the purpose of reducing the period of service Title to be required as a qualification for the rating of A.B., the period of rated as a.b.

" three years before the mast " shall be substituted for the period

of " four years before the mast, " and " two years of that employment " shall be substituted for " three years of that employment, " and " two or more years sea service " shall be substituted for " three or more years sea service, " in section one hundred and twenty-six of the principal Act.

(2) Any superintendent or other officer before whom a seaman is engaged shall refuse to enter the seaman as A.B. on the agreement with the crew unless the seaman gives such satisfactory proof as is required by section one hundred and twenty-six of the principal Act of his title to be so rated; and if any seaman, for the purpose of obtaining a rating as A.B., makes any false statement or false representation, he shall be liable on summary conviction in respect of each offence to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

59. — (1) Where the master of a ship disrates a seaman he Notice of dis-shall forthwith enter or cause to be entered in the official log- rating of sea* book a statement of the disrating, and furnish the seaman with

a copy of the entry; and any reduction of wages consequent on the disrating shall not take effect until the entry has been so made and the copy so furnished.

si (2) Any reduction of wages consequent on the disrating of a seaman shall be deemed to be a deduction from wages within the meaning of sections one hundred and thirty-two and one hundred and thirty-three of the principal Act (which relate to the delivery of the account of wages and the allowance of deductions therefrom).

60. Notwithstanding anything in section one hundred and Power to ex-thirty-six of the principal Act, a seaman may except from the

release signed by him under that section any specified claim or settlement of demand against the master or owner of the ship, and a note of wages, any claim or demand so excepted shall be entered upon the release. The release shall not operate as a discharge and settlement of any claim or demand so noted, nor shall subsection (4) of that section apply to any payment, receipt, or settlement made with respect to any such claim or demand.

S

274

Ch. 48.

Merchant Shipping, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Obligation to 61. In order to give effect to the provisions of section one offer allotment hundred and forty-one of the principal Act enabling a seaman notes‘ to require a stipulation for the allotment of his wages by means

of an allotment note every superintendent or other officer before whom the seaman is engaged shall, after the seaman has signed the agreement, inquire of the seaman whether he requires such a stipulation for the allotment of his wages by means of an allotment note, and if the seaman requires such a stipulation shall insert the stipulation in the agreement with the crew, and any such stipulation shall be deemed to have been agreed to by the master.

Time for payment of allotment note.

62. A payment under an allotment note shall begin at the expiration of one month from the date of the agreement with the crew and shall be paid at the expiration of every subsequent month after the first month, and shall be paid only in respect of wages earned before the date of payment.

Master to give facilities to seamen for remitting wages.

63. — (1) Where the balance of wages due to a seaman is more than ten pounds, and the seaman expresses to the master of the ship his desire to have facilities afforded to him for remitting all or any part of the balance to a savings bank, or to a near relative in whose favour an allotment note may be made, the master shall give to the seaman all reasonable facilities for so doing so far as regards so much of the balance as is in excess of ten pounds, but shall be under no obligation to give those facilities while the ship is in port if the sum will become payable before the ship leaves port, or otherwise than conditionally on the seaman going to sea in the ship.

(2) If the master of a ship fails to comply with the provisions of this section, he shall be liable on summary conviction for each offence to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

increase of 64. — (1) Subsection (1) of section two hundred and ten of

crew space. £[ie principal Act (which provides for the space required for each seaman or apprentice in any place in a British ship occupied by seamen or apprentices and appropriated to their use) shall be construed as if a space of not less than one hundred and twenty cubic feet and of not less than fifteen superficial feet measured on the deck or floor of that place were substituted for a space of not less than seventy-two cubic feet and of not less than twelve superficial feet measured on the deck or floor of that place.

(2) In estimating the space available for the proper accommodation of seamen and apprentices, there may be taken into account the space occupied by any mess rooms, bath rooms, or washing places appropriated exclusively to the use of those seamen and apprentices, so, however, that the space in any place appropriated to the use of seamen or apprentices in which they sleep is not lees than seventy-two cubic feet and twelve superficial feet for each seaman or apprentice.

1906.

Merchant Shipping Act, 1906. Ch. 48.

275

(3) Nothing in this section shall affect —

(a) any ship registered before the passing of this Act or which was in course of construction on the first day of January nineteen hundred and seven; or

(b) any ship of not more than three hundred tons burden; or

(c) any fishing boat within the meaning of Part IV. of the principal Act,

or require any additional space to be given in the case of places occupied solely by lascars and appropriated to their use.

65. — (1) Where a seaman who has been lawfully engaged Provisions as to and has received under his agreement an advance note, after sMpInd’Cr-negotiating his advance note, wilfully or through misconduct tion.

fails to join his ship or deserts therefrom before the note becomes payable, he shall, on summary conviction, be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds, or, at the discretion of the court, to imprisonment for not exceeding twenty-one days, but nothing in this section shall take away or limit any remedy by action or by summary procedure before justices which any person would otherwise have in respect of the negotiation of the advance note, or which an owner or master would otherwise have for breach of contract.

(2) Where it is shown to the satisfaction of the superintendent that a seaman lawfully engaged has wilfully or through misconduct failed to join his ship, the superintendent shall report the matter to the Board of Trade, and that Board may direct that any of the seaman’s certificates of discharge shall be withheld for such period as they may think fit, and, while a seaman’s certificate of discharge is so withheld, the Registrar-General of Shipping and Seamen, and any other person having the custody of the necessary documents, may, notwithstanding anything in the Merchant Shipping Acts, refuse to furnish copies of any of his certificates of discharge or certified extracts of any particulars of service or character.

66. Where, on any investigation or inquiry under the pro-Appeal from

visions of Part VI. of the principal Act, the court find that a as"

shipping casualty has been caused or contributed to by the to shipping wrongful act or default of any person, and an application for re- casualties, hearing has not been made under section four hundred and seventy-five or section four hundred and seventy-eight of the principal Act, or has been refused, the owner of the ship, or any

other person who, having an interest in the investigation or inquiry, has appeared at the hearing and is affected by the decision of the court, may appeal from that decision in the same manner and subject to the same conditions in and subject to which a master may appeal under those sections against a decision with respect to the cancelling or suspension of his certificate.

276

Cit. 48.

Merchant Shipping Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Power of naval court to send a person sentenced to imprisonment home to undergo sentence.

Appeal from naval courts.

Calculation of tonnage of steamship for the purpose of limitation of liability.

67. — (1) The powers of a naval court under section four hundred and eighty-three of the principal Act (which deals with those powers) shall include a power to send an offender sentenced by the Court to imprisonment either to the United Kingdom or to any British possession to which his Majesty by Order in Council has applied this section, as appears to them most convenient for the purpose of being imprisoned, and the court may take the same steps, and for that purpose shall have the same powers, as respects the orders which may be given to masters of ships as a consular officer has for the purpose of sending an offender for trial under section six hundred and eighty-nine of the principal Act, and subsections (2), (4), and (5) of that section shall apply with the necessary modification.

(2) Any master of a ship to whose charge an offender is committed under this section shall, on his ship’s arrival in the United Kingdom or in a British Possession, as the case may be, give the offender into the custody of some police officer or constable, and the offender shall be dealt with as if he had been convicted and sentenced to imprisonment by a court of competent jurisdiction in the United Kingdom or in the British possession, as the case may be.

(3) His Majesty may by Order in Council apply this section to any British possession the Legislature of which consents to that application.

68. — (1) Any person aggrieved by an order of a naval court ordering the forfeiture of wages, or by a decision of a naval court of a question as to wages, fines, or forfeitures, may appeal to the High Court in such manner and subject to such conditions and provisions as may be provided by rules of court, and on any such appeal the High Court may confirm, quash, or vary the order or decision appealed against as they think just.

(2) Subsection (2) of section four hundred and eighty-three of the principal Act shall not have effect with respect to any order of a naval court which is quashed on an appeal under this section, and, where an order of a naval court is varied on appeal, shall apply as if the order as so varied were the order originally made by the naval court.

69. For the purpose of the limitation under the Merchant Shipping Acts of the liability of owners of ships, docks, or canals, and of harbour authorities and conservancy authorities, the tonnage of a steamship shall be her registered tonnage, with the addition of any engine-room space deducted for the purpose of ascertaining that tonnage, and the words "registered tonnage " with the addition of any engine-room space deducted for the " purpose of ascertaining that tonnage " shall accordingly be substituted in paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of section five hundred and three of the principal Act for " gross tonnage without deduction on account of engine-room."

1906.

Merchant Shipping Act, 1906. Ch. 48.

277

70. The proviso to section one of the Merchant Shipping Liability of (Liability of Shipowners) Act, 1898, shall cease to have effect, shipowners as but that section shall not be construed so as to extend section launched but five hundred and two of the principal Act to the owners of any not registered, ship, or any share therein, after the ship has become a foreign jj1^ 62 Vict* ship.

71. Sections five hundred and two to five hundred and nine Liabmt of the principal Act shall be read so that the word "owner " charterer, shall be deemed to include any charterer to whom the ship is demised.

72. Section five hundred and eighteen of the principal Act Delivery o£ shall apply to wreck found or taken possession of outside the to re* limits of the United Kingdom, and brought within the limits

of the United Kingdom, as it applies to wreck found or taken possession of within the limits of the United Kingdom.

73. After the date of the passing of this Act a pilotage Alien pilotage certificate shall not be granted to the master or mate of a ship certlficates* unless he is a British subject, but nothing in this section shall

affect the renewal of a pilotage certificate granted before the first day of J une nineteen hundred and six to a master or mate who is not a British subject.

A pilotage certificate includes not only a certificate which may be granted under sections five hundred and ninety-nine and six hundred of the principal Act, but also the certificate which may be granted under section six hundred and four of that Act.

74. — (1) In the United Kingdom, all superintendents, Provisions as to deputies, clerks, and servants in mercantile marine offices shall ^ents1 &cU* be appointed and removable by the Board of Trade, and all superintendents, whether appointed before or after the commencement of this Act, shall, in carrying into effect the provisions of the Merchant Shipping Acts, be subject to the control of, and obey directions given by, the Board of Trade, except as respects any matter which, under those Acts or any Order in Council made thereunder, is subject to the control of any other Government Department, and the power of removal by this section conferred on the Board of Trade shall be exerciseable by the Board as respects superintendents, deputies, clerks, and servants appointed before the commencement of this Act.

(2) In subsection (1) of section two hundred and forty-four of the principal Act the words "such of the provisions of this Act as relate to their powers and duties " shall be substituted for the words "this Act."

75. — (1) Any person appointed to be a surveyor of ships Substitution of under section seven hundred and twenty-four of the principal forPshipwright Act may be appointed either as a ship surveyor or as an surveyor, engineer surveyor, or as both, and any reference in that section

278

Ch. 48.

Merchant Shipping, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

or in any other section of the principal Act to a shipwright surveyor shall be construed as a reference to a ship surveyor.

(2) Any surveyor of ships who before the passing of this Act has been appointed as a shipwright surveyor, or both as a shipwright surveyor and an engineer surveyor, shall be deemed to have been appointed as a ship surveyor, or both as a ship surveyor and an engineer surveyor, as the case may be.

(3) The surveys required to be made under section two hundred and seventy-two of the principal Act by a ship surveyor and by an engineer surveyor may be made by the same person if that person has been appointed both as a ship surveyor and as an engineer surveyor, and that section shall be construed accordingly.

(4) The Board of Trade may, under subsection (2) of section seven hundred and twenty-four of the principal Act, in addition to appointing a surveyor-general of ships, appoint such other principal officers in connection with the survey of ships and other matters incidental thereto, as the Board think lit.

Return to be 76. — (1) The master of every ship, whether a British or

S^Teraeofby foreign ship, which carries any passenger to a place in the ships as to pas-United Kingdom from any place out of the United Kingdom, sengers. or from any place in the United Kingdom to any place out of the United Kingdom, shall furnish to such person and in such manner as the Board of Trade direct a return giving the total number of any passengers so carried, distinguishing, if so directed by the Board, the total number of any class of passengers so carried, and giving, if the Board of Trade so direct, such particulars with respect to passengers as may be for the time being required by the Board.

(2) Any passenger shall furnish the master of the ship with any information required by him for the purpose of the return.

(3) If the master of a ship fails to make a return as required by this section, or makes a false return, and if any passenger refuses to give any information required by the master of the ship for the purpose of the return required by this section, or gives any false information for the purpose, the master or passenger shall be liable for each offence on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

Return as to 77. — (1) The master of every ship which carries any cattle-

broSt to the men to an^ P01^ in th-e United Kingdom from any port out of

United King- the United Kingdom shall furnish to such person and in such dom. manner as the Secretary of State directs a return giving such

particulars with respect to any cattlemen so carried as may be required for the time being by order of the Secretary of State, and every such cattleman shall furnish the master of the ship with any information required by him for the purpose of the return.

(2) If the master of a ship fails to make the return required by this section, or makes a false return, he shall be liable on

1906.

Merchant Shipping Act, 1906. Ch. 48.

279

summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, and if any cattleman refuses to give information required by the master for the purpose of the return under this section, or gives any false information for the purpose, he shall be liable oil summary conviction to imprisonment with hard labour for a term not exceeding three months.

(3) For the purpose of this section the expression "cattleman" means any person who is engaged or employed to attend during the voyage of the ship on any cattle carried therein as cargo.

78. — (1) The Board of Trade may, if they think fit, and Dispensing upon such conditions (if any) as they think fit to impose, exempt jj^of Trade any ship from any specified requirement contained in, or prescribed in pursuance of, the Merchant Shipping Acts, or dispense with the observance of any such requirement in the case of any ship, if they are satisfied that that requirement has been substantially complied with in the case of that ship, or that compliance with the requirement is unnecessary in the circumstances of the case, and that the action taken or provision made as respects the subject-matter of the requirement in the case of the ship is as effective as, or more effective than, actual compliance with the requirement.

(2) The Board of Trade shall annually lay before both Houses of Parliament a special report stating the cases in which they have exercised their powers under this section during the preceding year, and the grounds upon which they have acted in each case.

79. — (1) The Board of Trade may, if they think fit, appoint Power to ap-committees for the purpose of advising them when considering the making or alteration of any rules, regulations, or scales for 00 the purpose of the Merchant Shipping Acts, consisting of such persons as they may appoint representing the interests principally affected, or having special knowledge of the subject matter.

(2) There shall be paid to the members of any such committee, out of moneys provided by Parliament, such travelling and other allowances as the Board of Trade fix with the consent of the Treasury.

(3) Committees may be appointed under this section to advise the Board of Trade specially as regards any special rules, regulations, or scales, or generally as regards any class or classes of rules, regulations, or scales which the Board may assign to them.

80. — (1) His Majesty may by Order in Council make Power to reregulations with respect to the manner in which Government mentships111' ships may be registered as British ships for the purpose of the under the Mer-Merchant Shipping Acts, and those Acts, subject to any shiPP'ng exceptions and modifications which may be made by Order in

280

Cii, 48.

Merchant Shipping Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Application of certain sections of principal Act to Scotland.

Amendment of procedure in Scotland.

Council, either generally or as respects any special class of Government ships, shall apply to Government ships registered in accordance with those regulations as if they were registered in manner provided by those Acts.

(2) Nothing in this Act shall affect the powers of the Legislature of any British possession to regulate any Government ships under the control of the Government of that possession.

(3) In this section the expression "Government ships" means ships not forming part of His Majesty's Navy which belong to His Majesty, or are held by any person on behalf of or for the benefit of the Crown, and for that reason cannot be registered under the principal Act.

81. — (1) Sections four hundred and thirteen to four hundred and sixteen of the principal Act (which relate to certificates of skippers and second hands on trawlers) shall apply to fishing boats being trawlers of twenty-five tons tonnage and upwards going to sea from any port of Scotland in like manner as they apply to such fishing boats going to sea from any port of England or Ireland, except that in section four hundred and fifteen the date of the commencement of this Act shall be substituted for the dates mentioned in that section, and Part iV. of the principal Act shall be construed accordingly.

(2) The sections aforesaid as hereby applied to Scotland shall, notwithstanding anything contained in Part IV. of the principal Act, be deemed to be portions or provisions of Part IV. referred to in section three hundred and sixty-nine of the principal Act (conferring power on the Board of Trade to make exempting or extending orders), and that section (with the substitution of the Edinburgh Gazette for the London Gazette) and Part IV. shall be construed accordingly: Provided that any Order to be published in the Edinburgh Gazette under that section shall be subject to the consent of the Secretary for Scotland.

82. The principal Act in its application to Scotland, is amended as follows:—

(1) Subsection one of section two hundred and thirty-seven of the principal Act is hereby amended by the addition thereto of the following words: "And such person found on board without consent as aforesaid may be taken before any sheriff or justice of the peace without warrant, and such sheriff or justice may summarily hear the case, and, on proof of the offence, convict such offender as aforesaid."

(2) The provisions of section six hundred and eighty of the

principal Act shall apply to Scotland.

(3) Section seven hundred and twro of the principal Act shall

be amended by the deletion of the words "by criminal " libel at the instance of the procurator fiscal of the

Ch. 48.

281

1906.

Merchant Shipping, 1906.

" county before the sheriff, " and every offence referred to in section seven hundred and two of the principal Act may be prosecuted by indictment.

(4) The words " or misdemeanors " in section seven hundred and three of the principal Act are hereby repealed.

, 83. Section seven hundred and forty-four of the principal Amendment of Act (which relates to the application of that Act to certain fishing vessels) shall not apply to ships engaged in the whale c. go, as re-fisheries off the coast of Scotland and registered at ports in balerscottish Scotland, and accordingly there shall be added at the end of w a ers* that section the words "and of ships engaged in the whale " fisheries off the coast of Scotland and registered at ports in " Scotland."

Part VI.

Supplemental.

84. — (1) In this Act the expression "principal Act" means Construction of

the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, and the expression "Merchant MerchanTt0 Shipping Acts" means the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1894 to Shipping Acts. 1900, and this Act. 57 & 58 Vict.

(2) Any reference in this Act to any provision of the c'60* Merchant Shipping Acts, 1894 to 1900, which has been amended by any subsequent Act or is amended by this Act, shall be construed as a reference to the provision as so amended.

85. The enactments mentioned in the Second Schedule to Kepeai. this Act are.hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

86. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Merchant Shipping Short title and Act, 1906, and shall be construed as one with the principal Act, m^ence* and the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1894 to 1900, and this Act may

be cited together as the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1894 to 1906.

(2) This Act shall, save as otherwise expressly provided, come into operation on the first day of June nineteen hundred and seven.

SCHEDULE I S.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

rM

uo

oo

to

O

w

00

g

<9!

n '

a-

o

o

Scale of Provisions.

— Water. Soft Bread. Biscuit. Salt Beef. Salt Pork. | Preserved Meat. Fish. Potatoes. Dried or Compressed Vegetables. Peas, Split. Peas, Green. Calavances or Haricot Beans. Flour. Rice. Oatmeal. cj H Coffee. Sugar. Milk, Condensed. Butter. Marmalade or Jam. Syrup or Molasses. Suet. Pickles. Dried Fruits. Fine Salt. Mustard. Pepper. Curry Powder. Onions.

i qts. lbs. lbs. lbs. lbs. lbs. lb. lbs. lb. pint. pint. pint. lbs. lb. oz. oz. OZ. lbs. lb. lb. lb. lb. OZ. pt OZ. OZ. OZ. OZ. OZ. OZ.

Sunday - 4 1

Monday - 3

Tuesday - 4 1 - H

Wednesday 4 - 1

Thursday - 4 1

Friday 4 I " 1 - - 1 I

Saturday - 4 - 1

j Weekly - 28' 3 4 3 2 24 1 6 4 i 4 4 2 *4 8 If 4 4 4 1 4 4 4 5 2 4 4 4 3

pi

Oi

e

(Continued on page 283.)

1906.

Merchant Shipping Act, 1906. Ch. 48.

283

Conditions and Exceptions in applying Scale.

1. The issue of provisions for which a total weekly, and no daily, amount is given in the above scale shall be reasonably distributed throughout the week.

2. The issue of soft bread under the scale shall not be required —

(a) in a ship of less than one thousand tons gross registered tonnage; or

(ft) if rough weather renders the making of the bread impracticable; or

(c) in any ship until the date of the first agreement with the crew entered into after the first day of January nineteen hundred and eight;

but where soft bread is not issued, an equivalent amount of biscuit shall be issued instead.

3. An equal quantity of fish, up to an amount not exceeding three-quarters of a pound in any one week, may be substituted for preserved meat under the above scale.

The fish issued, whether under the scale or as a substitute, must be fresh fish, dried fish, or canned salmon or canned herrings.

4. Within the tropics, a pound and a half of preserved meat or three pounds of fresh meat may be substituted for two pounds of salt pork.

5. Fresh potatoes must be issued for at least the first eight weeks of the voyage in the case of every ship leaving a port within the home trade limits at any time between the last day of September and the first day of May, and at any other time when they can be procured at a reasonable cost.

When fresh potatoes are not so issued, an equal amount of yams, or vegetables preserved in tins, or an equivalent amount of dried or compressed potatoes or dried or compressed vegetables in the proportion of one pound to six pounds of fresh potatoes, must be issued in their place.

6. Fresh vegetables, or vegetables preserved in tins, may at any time be substituted for dried or compressed vegetables in the proportion of half a pound of fresh vegetables, or vegetables preserved in tins, to one ounce of dried or compressed vegetables.

7. A mixture of coffee and chicory containing not less than seventy-five per cent, of coffee may at any time be substituted for coffee in the proportion of five ounces of the mixture to four ounces of coffee.

8. The dried fruit issued under the above scale must be raisins, sultanas, currants, figs, or prunes.

9. The onions to be issued under the above scale must be fresh onions when in season; and, when fresh onions are not in season, an equal amount of onions or vegetables preserved in tins, or an equivalent amount of dried or compressed ouions or vegetables in the proportion of one ounce to half a pound of fresh onions must be issued.

10. In port —

(a) soft bread shall be issued in lieu of biscuit; and

(ft) when procurable at a reasonable cost, a pound and a half of fresh meat and half a pound of fresh vegetables shall be issued daily, and, when fresh meat and fresh vegetables are so issued, salt and preserve*I meat and dried or compressed vegetables need not be issued.

11. The stokehold hands are to receive sufficient oatmeal and one quart of water extra daily while under steam.

284

Ch. 48.

Merchant Shipping Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Section 85.

Substitutes and Equivalents — not to be used without Reasonable Cause.

Fresh meat Salt meat Preserved meat

Coffee -

Cocoa

Tea -

Flour -

Biscuit -

Rice -

Split peas Flour -

Calavances or haricot beaus Rice -

Marmalade -Jam -

Blitter -

Mustard Curry powder

H lb* 1 ,

1 oz.

2 »

- 1

- 1

- 1

lb.

- | lb.

To be considered equal.

To be considered equal.

To be considered equal.

To be considered equal when issued with meat rations.

To be considered equal.

To be considered equal.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Extent of Repeal.

57 & 58 Vict. c. 60. The Merchant Shipping Act, 1894. Subsection (2) of section forty-eight, paragraph () of subsection (1) of section ninety-two, section one hundred and forty-four. Sections one hundred and eighty-six to one hundred and ninety-three; sections two hundred and seven, two hundred and eight, and two hundred and thirty-five. In subsection (2) of section two hundred and forty-six the words "and appoint and remove the " superintendents, deputies, clerks, " and servants, " and in paragraph (a) of that subsection the words "the number of persons to be so " appointed and the amount of " their salaries and wages, and " and the word "other"; and paragraph (c) of that subsection; and in paragraph (d) of that subsection the words "and all persons

1906.

Merchant Shipping, 1906. Ch. 48.

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

57 & 58 Vict. The Merchant Shipping c. 60 — cont. Act, 1894 — cont.

Extent of Repeal.

" and offices so appointed shall be " subject to the immediate control of the Board of Trade and " not of the local marine board of the port "; and in subsection (3) of the same section the words "and appoint and remove all the " requisite superintendents, deputies, clerks, and servants."

In section two hundred and sixty-seven the words "and every " foreign steamship carrying passengers between places in the " United Kingdom."

Paragraph (3) of section two hundred and sixty-eight.

Section two hundred and ninety-one. Section two hundred and ninety-nine.

Paragraph (i) of section three hundred and twenty-eight; section three hundred and fifty-three; in subsection (1) of section four hundred and thirteen the words "of^ngland or Ireland."

Section four hundred and fifty-one as from the passing of this A*ct.

In section four hundred and sixty-two, the words "has taken on " board all or any part of her " cargo, " and the word "and " where it next occurs, and the words "whilst at that port "; in paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of section five hundred and three the words "gross tonnage without " deduction on account of engineroom."

The Tenth, Eleventh, Twelfth, Thirteenth, and Fourteenth Schedules as from the dates on which regulations, scales, conditions, and forms are prescribed by the Board of Trade in substitution for those Schedules respectively.

61 & 62 Vict. c. 14.

The Merchant Shipping Section one, from " provided, " to (Liability of Ship- the end of the section, owners) Act, 1898.

61 & 62 Vict. c. 44.

The Merchant Shipping (Mercantile Marine Fund) Act, 1898.

Section four.

286

Ch. 49.

Census of Production , 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Periodical

census.

expenses of census.

CHAPTER 49.

An Act to provide for taking a Census of Production.

[21st December 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. A census of production shall be taken in the year one thousand nine hundred and eight, and subsequently at such intervals as may be determined by an order made by the Board of Trade as soon as practicable after the taking of the first census and laid before Parliament.

Central au- 2. — (1) The Board of Trade shall superintend the taking of

onty for^anci the census, and shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, prepare and issue such forms and instructions as they deem necessary for the taking of the census.

(2) The expenses incurred, with the approval of the Treasury, for the purpose of the census shall be paid out of money provided by Parliament.

3. — (1) Forms shall be prepared for the purpose of being filled up by the persons specified in the schedule to this Act with such of the following particulars in respect of the calendar year next preceding the date of the census, or any prescribed part of that year, as may be prescribed; that is to say, the nature of the trade or business, and particulars relating to the output, the number of days on which work was carried on, the number of persons employed, and the power used or generated, and relating to such other matters of a like nature, except the amount of wages, as may be found to be necessary for the purpose of enabling the quantity and value of production to be ascertained:Provided that —

(a) If in any case it is found inconvenient to furnish such particulars as respects the calendar year, the Board of Trade may allow the particulars to be furnished as respects some other period of twelve months or prescribed part thereof;

(i b)In order to enable the Board of Trade to compile, as far as practicable, statistics of the net value of production without duplication, the prescribed particulars as to output may include particulars as to the aggregate estimated value of the materials used and the total amount paid to contractors for work given out to them; and

(c) Particulars as to the quantity of output shall not be required, except in the case of articles the quantity of which is, on their importation into or exportation

Preparing and filling up of schedules.

1906.

Census of Production Act, 1906. Ch. 49.

287

from the United Kingdom, required by the official import or export list to be entered, nor shall such particulars be required in greater detail than in those

* lists.

(2) It shall be the duty of every person specified in the schedule to this Act, upon receiving notice in writing from the Board of Trade to that effect, to fill up, and sign, and to deliver in such manner as may be prescribed, on or before the prescribed date, such date not to be less than three months after the issue of the forms, the form appropriate to his trade or business.

(3) The Board of Trade shall issue to every person required to make a return under this Act the form to be filled up by him.

4. As soon as practicable after any census is complete the Report to Board of Trade shall present to Parliament a report of their Parliament-proceedings under this Act, and a summary of the statistics compiled from the returns under this Act, and from such other information as the Board are able to obtain; such summary

shall include a separate statement of the statistics obtained in Ireland, and a similar separate statement for Scotland.

5. — (1) The Secretary of State may, as respects any factory, inter-depart-workshop, mine, or quarry, issue and collect any of the forms J^gements under this Act by arrangement with the Board of Trade, and

in such case shall have the same powers and duties for the purpose as are by this Act conferred on the Board of Trade:

Provided that the Board of Trade shall not transfer its powers to make rules under section eight.

(2; The Secretary of State may, if he thinks fit, by arrangement with the Board of Trade, cause any statistical returns, which under any other enactment he is authorised to obtain with respect to factories, workshops, mines, or quarries, to be collected at the same time, and, if convenient, on the same forms as returns under this Act.

6. — (1) No individual return, and no part of an individual Prohibition return, made, and no answer to any question put, for the repurposes of this Act shall, without the previous consent in writing of the owner for the time being of the undertaking in turns, relation to which the return or answer was made or given, be published, nor, except for the purposes of a prosecution under

this Act, shall any person not engaged in connexion with the census be permitted to see any such individual return or any such part of an individual return, and every person engaged in connexion with the census shall be required to make a declaration in the prescribed form that he will not disclose or, except for the purposes of this Act, make use of the contents of any such individual return or any such part of an individual return, or any such answer as aforesaid, and any person who knowingly acts in contravention of any declaration which he has so made shall be guilty of a misdemeanour and on conviction be liable

288 Ch. 49. Census of Production, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Returns by local and other authorities.

Power of Board of Trade to make rules.

to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for a term not exceeding two years, or to a fine, or to both imprisonment and a fine.

(2) It shall be the duty of the Board of Trade, in preparing forms, instructions, or rules under this Act, to have due regard to the circumstances of various trades and industries, and in particular to the importance of avoiding the disclosure in any return of any trade secret or of trading profits, or of any other information the disclosure of which would be likely to tend to the prejudice of the person making the return.

(3) In compiling any report, summary of statistics, or other publication under this Act, the Board of Trade shall not disclose in any manner whatever any of the particulars comprised in any individual return, or arrange them in any way which would enable any person to identify any particulars so published as being particulars relating to any individual person or business.

(4) Where it is shown to the satisfaction of the Board of Trade that any trade or business is carried on by any company in whole or in part by means of any one or more subsidiary companies, any aggregate of two or more returns relating to the trade or business so carried on shall for the purposes of this Act be treated as an individual return.

A company shall be treated as subsidiary to another company for the purposes of this provision if not less than three-fourths of its ordinary share capital is held by that other company.

(5) If any person, having possession of any information which to his knowledge has been disclosed in contravention of the provisions of this section, publishes or communicates to any other person any such information, he shall be guilty of a misdemeanour and shall on conviction be liable to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for a term not exceeding two years, or to a fine, or to both imprisonment and a fine.

7. For the purposes of this Act the exercise and performance by a local or other public authority of the powers and duties of that authority shall be treated as the trade or business of that authority.

8. The Board of Trade may, after consultation with the Secretary of State, make rules under this Act —

(a) for prescribing, either generally or as respects any particular industry or class of industries, anything which, under this Act, is to be prescribed; and

(b) for exempting from the obligation to make returns under this Act, either wholly or to the prescribed extent, and either unconditionally or subject to the prescribed conditions, any persons or any prescribed class of persons; and

(c) generally for carrying this Act into effect.

All rules made in pursuance of this Act shall be laid before Parliament.

1906.

Census of Production, 1906. Ch. 49.

289

9. — (1) The Board of Trade shall appoint one or more committees, including persons conversant with the conditions of and engaged in various trades and industries, for the purpose of advising them when considering the preparation of the forms and instructions necessary for the taking of the census and the making of any rules under this Act, and in particular such of those rules as prescribe the details of the particulars relating to output and other matters to be filled in in the several forms.

(2) There may be paid to the members of any such committee, as part of the expenses incurred for the purpose of the census, such travelling and other allowances as the Board of Trade fix, with the consent of the Treasury.

(3) Committees may be appointed under this section to advise the Board of Trade specially as regards any special forms, instructions, or rules, or generally as regards any class or classes of forms, instructions, or rules which the Board may assign to them.

(4) A member of an advisory committee shall not as such be permitted to see any individual return or any part thereof or to be made acquainted with any information contained in any answer to any question put for the purposes of this Act.

10. If the Secretary of State so directs, the intervals at which returns are to be made under section one hundred and thirty of the Factory and Workshop Act, 1901, may, notwithstanding anything in that section, be the same as the intervals at which a census is directed under this Act to be taken.

11. Nothing in this Act shall be construed as preventing the Board of Trade or the Secretary of State from obtaining such additional statistical or other information as any person may be willing to supply either by the insertion of additional particulars in the forms under this Act, or by the circulation of separate forms in any censal or inter-censal year: Provided that such particulars, if inserted in forms under this Act, shall be clearly distinguished from the particulars required under this Act to be filled in.

12. If any person required to make a return under this Act —

(a) wilfully refuses or without lawful excuse neglects to fill up a form to the best of his knowledge and belief, or to sign and deliver it as required by this Act; or (h) wilfully makes, signs, or delivers, or causes to be made, signed, or delivered, any false return in respect of any matter specified in the form; or

(c) refuses to answer, or wilfully gives a false answer to, any question necessary for obtaining the information required to be furnished under this Act,

he shall for each offence be liable on conviction under the -Summary Jurisdiction Acts to a fine not exceeding ten pounds and in the case of a continuing offence to a further fine not

T

Power to appoint advisory committees.

Intervals for making returns under 1 Edw. 7.C. 22. s. 130.

Voluntary information.

Penalty for offences.

290

Ch. 49, 50. Cermt8 o Production Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

[Short title.]

Section 3.

Short title and extent.

Definitions.

exceeding five pounds for each day during which the offence continues and in respect of fake returns and answers the offence shall be deemed to continue until a true return or answer has been made or given.

13. This Act may be cited as the Census of Production Act, 1906.

SCHEDULE.

List of Persons required to make Returns.

(a) The occupier of every factory or workshop within the meaning of the Factory and Workshop Act, 1901.

(b) The owner, agent, or manager of every mine and quarry.

(c) Every builder, that is to say, a p^*son who, by way of trade or business, undertakes the construction or alteration of a building or any part thereof.

(d) Every person who by way of trade or business executes works of construction, alteration, or repair of railroads, tramroads, harbours, docks, canals, sewers, roads, embankments, reservoirs or wells, or of laying or altering gas or water pipes, or telegraphic, telephonic, or electric lines or works, or any other prescribed works.

(e) Every person who by way of trade or business gives out work to be done elsewhere than on his own premises.

(f) Every person carrying on any other trade or business which may be prescribed.

CHAPTER 50.

An Act to establish a Board of Trustees to manage the National Galleries of Scotland; and for other purposes.

[21st December 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the National Galleries of Scotland Act, 1906, and shall apply to Scotland only.

2. In this Act (unless the context otherwise requires) —

" The Board " shall mean the Board of Trustees established by this Act:

"Prescribed" shall mean prescribed by Order under the hand of the Secretary for Scotland; provided that every such Order shall be laid as soon as may be upon the table of both Houses of Parliament:

1906.

291

National Galleries of Scotland Act, 1906. Ch. 50.

"The National Galleries of Scotland" shall, until otherwise prescribed, mean the several buildings situated in Edinburgh, and known as the Royal Institution, the National Gallery, and the National Portrait Gallery, and shall include any other buildings which may be prescribed:

" Buildings " shall include any land held with or for the purposes of a building.

.. 3, A Board shall be established for the purpose of managing Establishment the National Galleries of Scotland and for such other purposes Queries1 Trus-connected with the promotion of the Fine Arts in Scotland as tees for Scot-may be prescribed. The Board shall be called the Board of land. Trustees for the National Galleries of Scotland, and from and after the establishment of such Board, the Board of Trustees for Manufactures in Scotland (in this Act referred to as the Board of Manufactures), established by the Linen and Hempen 13 Geo. I. c. 26. Manufactures (Scotland) Act, 1726, the Fisheries (Scotland) 13 Geo. I. c. 30. Act, 1726, and letters patent issued in pursuance of the last-mentioned Act, and by any amending Acts, shall cease to exist, and a reference to the Board of Manufactures in any Act shall be construed as a reference to the Board, and subject to the provisions of this Act all the powers, duties, and liabilities vested in or imposed on the Board of Manufactures by any letters patent, Treasury minute, deed, or other instrument shall, until otherwise prescribed, be vested in, transferred to, and imposed on the Board, and, subject as aforesaid, the powers and duties of the Board shall be such, and shall be exercised and discharged by the Board in such manner, as may be prescribed.

4. — (1) The Board shall be appointed by the Secretary for Constitution Scotland, and shall consist of seven members, three of whom of Board* when so appointed shall be members of elected local authorities in Scotland. The said seven members shall hold office for five years from the establishment of the Board, and may be reappointed. At the expiration of every period of five years the Board shall be, reconstituted as aforesaid. Four members shall be a quorum.

(2) The Board shall be established from and after the prescribed date not being a later date than the first day of April nineteen hundred and seven.

(3) Any vacancy caused by the death or resignation of any member shall, as soon as practicable, be filled by the Secretary for Scotland, but the person appointed to fill any such vacancy shall hold office so long only as the vacating member would have retained the same if such vacancy had not occurred.

(4) The Secretary for Scotland shall appoint one of the members of the Board chairman for such period, not being less than a, year, as he may think fit, and the chairman shall have a casting as well as a deliberative vote.

292 Ch. 50. National Galleries of Scotland Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Transfer of

existing

officers.

Transfer of property.

Vesting of buildings, kc. in Commissioners of Works.

(5) Subject as herein-after provided, the officers of the Board shall be appointed by the Secretary for Scotland or otherwise as may be prescribed.

(6) The Board shall comply with any instructions which may be issued by the Secretary for Scotland and shall make an annual report to him, which report shall be presented to Parliament.

5. The secretary and all clerks and other persons in the employment of the Board of Manufactures in any capacity immediately before the establishment of the Board shall from and after such establishment be transferred and attached to, and be under the control of, the Board, and shall hold their offices by the same tenure and upon the same terms and conditions as if this Act had not passed, and while performing the same duties shall receive not less salaries or remuneration and be entitled to not less pensions (if any) than they would have received or been entitled to if this Act had not passed:Provided that it shall be lawful for the Treasury to grant a superannuation or other allowance under the Superannuation Acts, 1834 to 1887, to any person so transferred, as if he had been admitted to his office under the Board of Manufactures with a certificate from the Civil Service Commissioners or were otherwise qualified under the said Acts.

6. — (1) It shall be lawful for the Secretary for Scotland to allocate out of the general fund of the Board of Manufactures such sums as may be prescribed —

(a) Towards the building and equipment of a school of art in Edinburgh;

(b) For the purchase, erection, and equipment of buildings,

and for the purchase of any land necessary in connection therewith, to be vested in the Commissioners of Works, and to be used for the purposes of the Royal Society of Edinburgh until otherwise prescribed with the consent of the Treasury.

(2) Subject as herein-after provided all property belonging to or vested in or held in trust for or by the Board of Manufactures immediately before the establishment of the Board shall from and after such establishment pass to and vest in and be held in trust for or by the Board, subject to all debts and liabilities affecting the same, and shall be held by the Board, and applied by them for such purposes connected with the promotion of the Fine Arts in Scotland as may be prescribed.

7. From and after the establishment of the Board the buildings presently vested in the Board of Manufactures, known as the Royal Institution, the National Gallery, the National Portrait Gallery, and Dunblane Cathedral, shall pass to and be vested in the Commissioners of Works, in the case of the two first-mentioned buildings for such purposes as may, with the consent of the Treasury, be prescribed, and in the case of the

1906. National Galleries of Scotland Act, 1906. Ch. 50. 293

two last-mentioned buildings for the purposes and subject to any rights for or subject to which such buildings are presently held.

The said buildings shall be maintained and kept in repair by the said Commissioners, and the expense of such maintenance and repair, together with the expenditure incurred by the Board in the payment of officers and otherwise in connection with the management of the National Gallery and National Portrait Gallery, shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament, subject to such conditions in regard to the application of the capital moneys at the passing of this Act held by the Board of Manufactures for the maintenance and repair of any building specified in this section as may, with the consent of the Treasury, be prescribed:Provided that nothing in this Act contained and nothing done under this Act shall have the effect of imposing upon the heritors of the parish of Dunblane any obligations from which they were free at the passing of this Act.

8. From and after the first day of April nineteen hundred Transfer of and seven, the annuity of two thousand pounds, payable in ^soMated terms of the fifteenth Article of the Treaty of Union and of the Fund. Revenue of Scotland Act, 1718, which is presently payable out 5 Geo. i. c. 20. of moneys provided by Parliament in terms of the Public Revenue 18 Vict‘ and Consolidated Fund Charges Act, 1854, shall, so long as it remains payable, be charged on, and payable to the Board out

of, the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof, and shall be applied by them as may be prescribed.

9. From and after the establishment of the Board, the enact- Repeal, ments mentioned in the schedule to this Act shall be repealed

to the extent mentioned in the third column thereof.

SCHEDULE.

Enactments repealed. Section 9.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. ! Title or Extent of Repeal.

5 Geo. I. c. 20 Revenue of Scotland Act, 1718. Section 14.

13 Geo. I. c. 26 Linen and Hempen Manufactures (Scotland) Act, 1726. Whole Act.

13 Geo. I. c. 30 Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1726. Whole Act.

48 Geo. III. c. 110. Herring Fishery (Scotland) Act, 1808. Section 4.

Ch. 50, 51. National Galleries of Scotland 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

m

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title or Extent of Repeal.

io & n Vict. c. 91. Manufactures Improvement Fund (Scotland) Act, 1847. Whole Act.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 86. An Act for the erection on the Earthen Mound in the City of Edinburgh of Buildings for a National Gallery, and other purposes connected therewith and with the promotion of the Fine Arts in Scotland. Whole Act.

17 & 18 Vict. 0. 94.; »’Public Revenue and Consolidated Fund Charges Act, 1854. 1 Schedule (B.), second column, the words "ditto for improving Fisheries and manufactures." Schedule (B.), third column, the words "5 Geo. I. c. 20."

CHAPTER 51.

An Act to continue various Expiring Laws.

[21st December 1906.]

WHEREAS the Acts mentioned in the Schedule to this Act’are, in so far as they are in force and are temporary in their duration, - limited to expire on the thirty-first day of December nineteen hundred and six:

And whereas it is expedient to provide for the continuance as in this Act mentioned of those Acts, and of the enactments amending or affecting the same:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Continuance 1. — (1) The Acts mentioned in the Schedule to this Act

Sci^iuie" shall, to the extent specified in column three of that Schedule, be continued until the thirty-first day of December nineteen hundred and seven, and shall then expire, unless further continued.

(2) Any unrepealed enactments amending or affecting the enactments continued by this Act shall, in so far as they are temporary in their duration, be continued in like manner, whether they are mentioned in the Schedule to this Act or not.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Expiring Laws Continuance

Act, 1906.

1906.

Expiring Laws Continuance, 1906. Ch. 51

295

SCHEDULE.

[Short Title.]

1. Session and Chapter. 2. 3. How far continued. 4. Amending Acts.

3 & 4* Vict. c. 89. The Poor Rate Exemption Act, 1840. The whole Act, —

(2.) 3 & 4 Vict. c. 91. The Textile Manufactures (Ireland) Act, 1840. The whole Act 5 & 6 Vict. c. 68. 30 & 31 Vict. c. 60.

• (3.) 4 & 5 Vict. c. 30. The Ordnance Survey Act, 1841. The whole Act 33 Vict. c. 13. 47 & 48 Vict 48 Vict. c. 43. 52 & 53 Vict. c. 30.

(4.) 10 & 11 Vict. c. 98. The Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction Act, 1847. As to the provisions continued by 21 & 22 Vict. c. 50. —

(5.) 14 & 13 Vict. c. 104. The Episcopal and Capitular Estates Act. 1851. The whole Act 17 & 18 Vict.'c. 116. 21 & 22 Vict! c. 94. 22 & 23 Vict. c. 46. 23 & 24 Vict. c. 124. 31 & 32 Vict. c. 114. s. 10.

(6.) 17 & 18 Vict. c. 102. The Corrupt Practices Prevention Act, 1854. So much as is continued by the Qor-• rupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. 26 & 27 Vict. c. 29. 8. 6. 31 & 32 Vict. c, 125. 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

(7.) 23 & 24 Vict. c. 19. The Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1860. The whole Act. —

(8.) 26 & 27 Vict. c. 105. The Promissory Notes Act, 1863. The whole Act 45 & 46 Vict. c. 61.

(9.) 27 & 28 Vict. c. 20. The Promissory Note? (Ireland) Act, 1864. The whole Act. —

(10.) 28 & 29 Vict. c. 46. The Militia (Ballot Suspension) Act, 1865. The whole Act 45 & 46 Vict. c. 49.

(11.) 28 & 29 Vict. c. 83. The Locomotives Act, 1865 The whole Act 41 & 42 Vict. c. 58. 41 & 42 Vict. c. 77. (Part II.) 59 & 60 Vict. c. 36. 61 & 62 Vict. c. 29.

• (12.) 29 & 30 Vict. c. 52. The Prosecutions Expenses Act, 1866. The whole Act.

296

Ch. 51

Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

l.

Session ami Chapter.

(13.)

31 & 32 Vict,

c. 123.

(14.)

32 & 33 Vict,

c. 21.

(15.)

32 & 33 Vict,

c. 56.

(16.)

33 & 34 Vict. c. 112.

(17.)

34 & 35 Vict, c. 87.

(18.)

33 & 36 Vict. c. 33.

(19.)

38 & 39 Vict,

c. 84.

(20.)

39 & 40 Vict,

c. 21.

(21.)

41 & 42 Vict. c. 41.

(22.)

43 Vict. c. 18.

(23.)

43 & 44 Vict,

c. 42.

(24.)

46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

(25.)

47 & 48 Vict. c. 70. '

2.

[Short Title.]

3.

How far continued.

The Parliamentary Elections Act, 1868.

The Corrupt Practices Commission Expenses Act, 1869.

The Endowed Schools Act, 1869.

The Glebe Loan (Ireland) Act, 1870.

The Sunday Observation Prosecution Act, 1871.

The Ballot Act, 1872

The Parliamentary Elections (Returning Officers) Act, 1875.

The J urors Qualification (Ireland) Act, 1876.

The Parliamentary Elections Returning Officers Expenses (Scotland) Act, 1878.

The Parliamentary Elections and Corrupt Practices Act, 1880.

The Emnloyeis’ Liability Act, 1880.

The Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883.

The Municipal Elections (Corrupt and Illegal Practices) Act, 1884.

So much as is continued by the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883.

The whole Act

As to the powers of making schemes.

The whole Act

The whole Act.

The whole Act

The whole Act

The whole Act

The whole Act

The whole Act

The whole Act.

The whole Act

The whole Act

4.

Amending Acts.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 75. 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 61.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 87.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 87.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 4<X

34 & 35 Vict. c. 100. 49 Vict. c. 6.

45 k46 *Vict. c. 50.

(Municipal Elections).

46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

s. 32.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 62.

49 & 50 Vict. c. 57.

57 & 58 Vict. c. 49. 61 & 62 Vict. c. 37. s. 69.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 62.

49 & 50 Vict. c. 58. 54 & 55 Vict. c. 49.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

58 & 59 Vict. c. 40.

56 & 57 Vict. c. 73.

1906.

Expiring Laics Continuance, 1906. Ch. 51, 52.

297

[Short Title.]

1. Session and Chapter. 2. 3. How far continued. 4. Amending Acts.

(26.)

49 & 60 Vict. The Crofters Holdings As to the powers of 50 & 51 Vict. c. 24.

c. 29. (27.) (Scotland) Act, 1886. the Commissioners for the enlargement of holdings, s. 22. 51 & 52 Vict. c. 63. 54 & 55 Vict. c. 41.

61 & 52 Vict. c. 56. (28.) The Sand Grouse Protection Act, 1888. The whole Act.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 40. (29.) The Welsh Intermediate Education Act, 1889. As to the powers of the joint education committee and the suspension of the powers of the Charity Commissioners. 53 & 54 Vict. c. 60.

57 & 58 Vict. c. 12. (30.) The Indian Railways Act, 1894. The whole Act.

58 & 59 Vict. c. 21. (31.) The Seal Fisheries (North Pacific) Act, 1895. The whole Act.

59 Vict. c. 1. -(32.) The Local Government (Elections) Act, 1896. The whole Act.

69 & 60 Vict. c. 48. (33.) The Light Railways Act, 1896. As to the powers of the Light Railway Commissioners.

61 & 62 Vict. c. 49. (34.) The Vaccination Act, 1898 The whole Act.

3 Edw. 7. c. 36. The Motor Car Act, 1903 The whole Act.

CHAPTER 52.

An Act to appoint additional Commissioners for executing the Acts granting a Land Tax and other Rates and Taxes, and to remove the qualification by estate required in the case of all such Commissioners, whether appointed under this or any previous Act.

[21st December 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The persons named in the schedule signed by and Additional deposited with the Clerk of the House of Commons shall (being where so required duly qualified by inhabitancy) be Commissioners. sioners within the respective counties, shires, and places in the

298

Ch. 52.

Land Tax Commissioners, 190G. 6 Edw. 7.

7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 75.

Removal of property qualification.

Power of justices to act as Commissioners.

7 & 8 Geo. 4. c 75.

[Short title.]

Section 2.

said schedule respectively mentioned for putting into execution the Acts for granting an aid to His Majesty by a land tax in Great Britain and the Acts for continuing or granting to His Majesty rates and taxes, as fully and effectually as if they had been designated with the other Commissioners in the Land Tax Commissioners Act, 1827; and on the passing of this Act the said schedule shall be printed in the London Gazette, which shall be sufficient evidence of such schedule for all purposes whatsoever, and thereafter the Treasury shall cause the names of the Commissioners to be otherwise published or made known, and notice to be given to each Commissioner of all meetings of the Commissioners of the county, shire, or place for which he acts in such manner as the Treasury shall prescribe.

2. The qualification by estate, either landed or personal, required in the case of Commissioners for putting into execution such Acts as aforesaid, whether appointed under this or any previous Act, is hereby abolished, and the enactments mentioned in the schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that schedule:

Provided that nothing in this repeal shall be construed as imposing a qualification by inhabitancy in any case where no such qualification would have been required if this Act had not been passed.

3. For removing doubts it is hereby declared that so much of section one of the Land Tax Commissioners Act, 1827, as constitutes justices of the peace for any county, shire, riding, division, or district to be Land Tax Commissioners within their respective counties, shires, ridings, divisions, and districts extends to justices of the peace for a borough as if in that section the expression "district " included a borough.

4. This Act may be cited as the Land Tax Commissioners Act, 1906.

SCHEDULE.

Enactments repealed.

[Short Title.]

Session ami Chapter. Extent of Repeal.

38 Geo. 3. c. 5. The Land Tax Section forty-nine.

Act, 1797. Section fifty. In section eighty-six, the words "capable " of acting according to the qualifications required by this Act." Section ninety-one. Section ninety-two from "attorney or " solicitor" to "one thousand seven " hundred and ninety-seven or any." Section ninety-three. Section ninety-four. Section one hundred and thirty-seven.

1906.

Land Tax Commissioners Act, 1906. Ch. 52, 53.

299

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Extent of Repeal.

38 Geo. 3. c. 48. The Land Tax Commissioners Act, 1798. The preamble. Section one, from " except the cities, " liberties, and places " to " the amount " of one thousand pounds nor " and the words "in either case, " and from " nor " except in administering " to " contrary " hereof in anywise notwithstanding, " and the words "or not having taken an " oath or affirmation as herein-before " directed." Section three.

CHAPTER 53.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Returns and Notifications of Accidents in Mines, Quarries, Factories, and Workshops, and under the Notice of Accidents Act, 1894.

[21st December 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Section thirty-three of the Coal Mines Regulation Act, 1887, and section one of the Metalliferous Mines Regulation Act, 1875 (both in its application to metalliferous mines and in its application to quarries), shall be read as if the matters to be specified in the returns to be given under those sections respectively included a statement containing such particulars as the Secretary of State may prescribe of all accidents which occurred in or about the mine or quarry during the year to which the return relates, and disabled for more than seven days any person employed in or about the mine or quarry from working at his ordinary work.

2. — (1) Section thirty-five of the Coal Mines Regulation Act, 1887, shall be read as if the following subsection were substituted for subsection (1) of that section:—

" (a) Where, in or about any mine to which this Act applies whether above or below ground, any accident occurs which either —

" (i) causes loss of life to any person employed in or about the mine; or

" (ii) causes any fracture of the head or of any limb, or any dislocation of a limb, or any other serious personal injury to any person employed in or about the mine; or

Annual returns of accidents in mines and quarries.

50 & 51 Vict, c. 58.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 39.

Notices of accidents in mines and quarries.

300

Ch. 53.

"Notice of Accidents, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 77.

Application to railway sidinga in connection with mines and quarries.

63 & 64 Vict. c. 27.

Notices of accidents in factories and workshops.

" (iii) is caused by any explosion of gas or coal dust, or any explosive, or by electricity, or by overwinding, or by any other such special cause as the Secretary of State specifies by order, and causes any personal injury whatever to any person employed in or about the mine, the owner, agent, or manager of the mine shall forthwith send notice in writing of the accident, and of any loss of life or personal injury caused thereby, to the inspector of the district, in such form and accompanied by such particulars as the Secretary of State prescribes."

(2) The same subsection shall be substituted for so much of section eleven of the Metalliferous Mines Act, 1872, as is repealed by this Act, both as respects the application of that section to metalliferous mines and as respects its application to quarries.

3. Where any line or siding, ijot being part of a railway within the meaning of the Railway Employment (Prevention of Accidents) Act, 1900, is used in connection with a mine or quarry, the provisions of the Coal Mines Regulation Acts, 1887 to 1896, and of the Metalliferous Mines Regulation Acts, 1872 and 1875, as respectively amended by this Act with respect to returns and notification of accidents shall have effect, so far as regards accidents to persons employed by or on behalf of the owner of the mine or quarry, as if the line or siding were part of the mine or quarry.

4. — (1) Where any accident occurs in a factory or workshop which is either —

(a) an accident causing loss of life to a person employed in

the factory or workshop; or

(b) an accident due to any machinery moved by mechanical

power, or to molten metal, hot liquid, explosion, escape of gas or steam, or to electricity, and so disabling any person employed in the factory or workshop as to cause him to be absent throughout at least one whole day from his ordinary work; or

(c) an accident due to any other special cause which the

Secretary of State may specify by order, and causing such disablement as aforesaid; or

(d) an accident disabling for more than seven days a person

employed in the factory or workshop from working at his ordinary work, written notice of the accident, in such form and accompanied by such particulars as the Secretary of State prescribes, shall forthwith be sent to the inspector of the district and also in the case of the accidents mentioned in paragraphs (a) and (6) of this subsection, and (if the order of the Secretary of State specifying the special cause so requires) of accidents mentioned in paragraph (c), to the certifying surgeon of the district.

1906.

Notice of Accidents, 1906. Ch. 53.

301

(2) If any accident causing disablement is notified under this section, and after notification thereof results in the death of the person disabled, notice in writing of the death shall be sent to the inspector as soon as the death comes to the knowledge of the occupier of the factory or workshop.

(3) If any notice with respect to an accident in a factory or workshop required to be sent by this section is not sent as so required, the occupier of the factory or workshop shall be liable to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

(4) If any accident to which this section applies occurs to a person employed in a factory or workshop the occupier of which is not the actual employer of the person killed or injured, the actual employer shall immediately report the same to the occupier, and in default shall be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(5) The foregoing provisions of this section shall be substituted for section nineteen of the Factory and Workshop Act, 1901.

5. — (1) If the Secretary of State considers that, by reason of the risk of serious injury to persons employed, it is expedient that notice should be given under this Act in every case of any special class of explosion, fire, collapse of buildings, accidents to machinery or plant, or other occurrences in a mine or quarry, or in a factory or workshop, including any place which for the purpose of the provisions of the Factory and Workshop Act, 1901, with respect to accidents is a factory or workshop, or is included in the word "factory " or " workshop, " or is part of a factory or workshop, the Secretary of State may by order extend the provisions of this Act requiring notice of accidents to be given to an inspector to any such class of occurrences, whether personal injury or disablement is caused or not, and, where any such order is made, the provisions of this Act shall have effect as extended by the order.

(2) The Secretary of State may by any such order allow the required notice of any occurrence to which the order relates, instead of being sent forthwith, to be sent within the time limited by the order.

6. Section one of the Notice of Accidents Act, 1894, shall be read as if the words "cause him to be absent throughout at least one whole day from his ordinary work " were substituted for the words "prevent him on any one of the three working " days next after the occurrence of the accident from being " employed for five hours on his ordinary work " in subsection (1) of that section.

7. — (1) The enactments mentioned in the schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that schedule.

(2) This Act may be cited as the Notice of Accidents Act, 1906, and shall come into operation on the first day of January

1 Edw. 7. c. 22.

Power to extend provisions as to notice of accidents to dangerous occurrences.

Notice of accidents under 57 & 58 Vict. c. 28.

Repeal, construction, and short title.

302

Ch. 53, 54.

Notice of Accidents Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

nineteen hundred and seven, but the Secretary of State may appoint a later date (not being later than the first day of January one thousand nine hundred and eight) for any special provision of the Act to come into operation, and, if a later date is so appointed, .that special provision shall not oome into operation until that later date.

SCHEDULE.

Section 7. ENACTMENTS REPEALED.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. 1 Extent of Repeal.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 77. The Metalliferous Mines Regulation Act, 1872. Section eleven from the beginning to " injured respectively."

50 & 51 Vict. c. 58. The Goal Mines Regulation Act, 1887. Section thirty-five, subsection one.

57 & 58 Vict. c. 28. The Notice of Accidents Act, 1894. Section one, subsection three.

63 & 64 Vict. c. 27. The Railway Employment. (Prevention of Accidents) Act, 1900. Section thirteen, subsection three.

1 Edw. 7.C. 22. The Factory and Workshop Act, 1901. Section nineteen.

CHAPTER 54.

An Act to improve the position of Tenants of certain Houses, Shops, or other Buildings in Ireland.

[21st December 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the* authority of the same, as follows:

Compensation for Improvements.

Tenant’s 1. — (1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, .a tenant of a

T)ensation0Sr Elding'to which this Act applies may, on quitting his holding. Improvements. claim, in the prescribed manner, compensation to be paid by the , -landlord in respect of all improvements on his holding made by hinder.his predecessors in title which at the date of such claim

1906.

Town Tenants (Ireland) Act, 1906,

Ch. 54. 303

add to the letting value of the holding, and are suitable to the character of the holding, and have not diminished the letting value of any other property of the same landlord. Provided always that the sum to be awarded as compensation for any improvement shall, in no case, exceed the capitalised value of such addition to the letting value of such, holding as the Court shall determine to be the direct result of such improvement.

(2) In the event of any dispute between a landlord and a tenant with regard to a claim for compensation under this section, such dispute, unless the parties agree to refer it to arbitration, shall be determined by the court in accordance with the provisions of this Act, and the court, in awarding such compensation to the tenant in respect of such improvements, may, in reduction of the tenant’s claim, take into consideration the time during which the tenant may have enjoyed the advantage of the improvements and the rent at which such holding had been held, and any benefits which the tenant may have received from his landlord in consideration expressly or impliedly of the improvements made.

2. — (1) A tenant of a holding who is quitting it shall not Limitation of be entitled to any compensation in respect of any improvement ^certainawes. when it appears to the court that the landlord has made an

offer, which in the opinion of the court is reasonable, of a new tenancy or of the continuance or renewal of the tenancy, with the right to the tenant to dispose of his interest therein, and the tenant has not accepted the offer.

(2) A tenant shall not be entitled to any compensation in respect of any improvement made either before or after the passing of this Act which the landlord had undertaken to make, except in cases where the landlord has failed to perform his undertaking within the time agreed on between him and the tenant, or within a time which, in the opinion of the court, is a reasonable time.

(3) A tenant shall not be entitled to any compensation in respect of any improvement made, whether before or after the passing of this Act, in contravention of a contract in writing not to make the improvement.

(4) A tenant shall not be entitled to any compensation in respect of any improvement made, whether before or after the passing of this Act, in pursuance of a contract entered into for valuable consideration, including a building lease.

(5) A tenant shall not be entitled to claim compensation for any improvement made before the passing of this Act, except permanent buildings, unless made within ten years before the date of such claim.

3. — (1) Where a tenant of a holding proposes after the Landlord’s passing of this, Act to make improvements in hie holding, he rigfat to object, shall send to his landlord notice, in the prescribed manner, of his intention to make such improvements, together with a specification and plan of the proposed improvements, and if the

304

Ch. 54.

, Town Tenants (Ireland) Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Conditions of compensation.

landlord or his known agent does not, within three months after the receipt of the notice, send notice of objection, in the prescribed manner, to the tenant, the tenant may proceed to make the proposed improvements; but, if the landlord or his agent sends such notice objecting to all or any of the improvements, the tenant may, in the prescribed manner, apply to the court, and the court may, if satisfied that the improvement will add to the letting value of the holding, and is reasonable and suitable to the character thereof, and will not diminish the letting value of any other property of the same landlord, sanction all or any of the proposed improvements, making such modifications in the specification or plan as the court thinks fit.

(2) Provided always that the landlord may, at any time after receiving the tenant’s notice or during the hearing by the court or after the decision of the court, undertake to execute the improvement himself, and may execute the same in a reasonable and proper manner, and charge the tenant with a sum not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum on the outlay incurred in executing the improvement, or at the election of the tenant not exceeding such annual sum payable for a period of twenty-five years as will repay such outlay in the said period, with interest at the rate of three pounds per centum per annum. Any annual sum charged against a tenant under this subsection shall be recoverable as rent.

(3) A tenant shall not be entitled to claim compensation in respect of any improvements made after the passing of this Act unless he has given notice thereof under this section, and (in case the landlord has given notice of objection thereto) the improvements have been sanctioned by the court: Provided that where any sanitary authority under the Public Health (Ireland) Acts; 1878 to 1900, or the Housing of the Working Classes (Ireland) Acts, 1890 to 1896, requires the owner or occupier to make any improvements or execute any works in the holding, the occupier, upon the landlord’s default, may make or execute (subject to the provisions of the preceding subsection) such improvements or works, and such improvements or works shall be deemed to be improvements within the meaning of this Act.

4. Where, in the case of any holding, there are several persons standing in the relation to each other of landlord and tenant, the following provisions shall apply: —

Any mesne landlord against whom a claim arises under this Act shall, at the end of his term, be entitled to claim compensation against his immediate landlord in like manner and on the same conditions as if he had himself made the improvements in question:

A mesne landlord shall not be entitled to make a claim under this section unless he has, within the time and in the manner prescribed, sent to his immediate landlord or his agent copies of all documents relating to proposed improvements or claims which have been sent to him,

1906.

Town Tenants (Ireland), 1906. Ch. 54.

305

in pursuance of the last preceding section. The said immediate landlord shall thereupon have, in addition to the mesne landlord, the powers conferred by or in pursuance of the last preceding section in like manner as if he were the immediate landlord of the occupying tenant, and shall, in the manner and to the extent prescribed, be bound by the proceedings.

5. — (1) Where the landlord, without good and sufficient Compensation cause, terminates or refuses to grant a renewal of the tenancy, ^le (Ssturb* or it is proved that an increase of rent is demanded from the anCe. tenant as the result of improvements which have been effected

at the cost of such tenant, and for which he has not, either directly or indirectly, received an equivalent from the landlord, and such demand results in the tenant quitting the holding, the tenant upon quitting the holding shall, in addition to the compensation (if any) to which he may be entitled in respect of improvements, and notwithstanding any agreement to the contrary, be entitled to compensation for the loss of goodwill and the expense which, by reason of his quitting the holding, he sustains or incurs upon or in connection with the removal of his goods, implements, produce, or stock.

In the event of any difference arising as to any matter under this section, the difference shall, in default of agreement, be settled by the court.

(2) This section shall apply only to houses, shops, and other buildings occupied wholly or to a substantial extent for trade or business purposes, and which are held (a) under tenancies from year to year created after the passing of this Act, or (b) under leases made after the passing of this Act for terms of less than thirty-one years, or for a life or lives, or (c) under contracts of tenancy existing at the passing of this Act where the rent of the holding is under one hundred pounds per annum.

6. Out of any moneys payable to a tenant under this Act, Sums to be de-all sums due to the landlord from the tenant or his predecessors ducted by land in title in respect of rent, or in respect of any deterioration of

the holding arising from any non-observance on the part of the tenant of any express or implied covenant or agreement, may be deducted by the landlord, and also any taxes payable by the tenactedue in respect of the holding and not recoverable by him from the landlord.

7. A tenant who is evicted for breach of any condition of his Exceptions, tenancy shall not be entitled to any compensation for disturbance

under this Act.

8. This Act shall not apply to any holding let to the tenant Exclusion of during his continuance in any office, appointment, or employ- ?e^tain hold* ment, or for the temporary convenience, or to meet a temporary ° necessity, either of the landlord or tenant, provided that any such letting made after the passing of this Act shall be by

U

306

Prohibition of

contracting

out.

Jurisdiction of the county-court.

Appeals.

Proceedings in respect of claims.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 46.

Ch, 54. Town Tenants (Ireland) 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

contract in writing which shall express the purpose for which such letting is made.

9. Any contract (other than a contract either to make or not to make an improvement) made whether before or after the passing of this Act, by virtue of which a tenant would be, directly or indirectly, deprived of his right to obtain compensation under this Act, shall be void unless the court adjudicating upon a claim for compensation by such tenant shall, having regard to all the circumstances of the case, be of opinion that such contract was reasonable and that it was entered into by the parties without any direct or indirect compulsion.

10. — (1) The court for the determination of all matters under this Act shall be the county court having jurisdiction where the holding is situate.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Act, rules for regulating proceedings in a county court under this Act may be made in accordance with the County Courts (Ireland) Acts, 1851 to 1889, and such rules may (inter alia) provide for —

(a) the manner in, and the time within, which notices under this Act shall be served;

(b) the manner in which notices, orders, and other documents under this Act may be authenticated;

(c) (subject to the provisions of this Act) the particulars to be inserted in any notice to any person or in any application to, or order made by, the court under this Act.

(3) Any rules under this section shall be made after consultation with, or notice of considtation sent to, the President of the Incorporated Law Society of Ireland.

11. — (1) Any person aggrieved by any determination of the county court under this Act may appeal either —

(a) to the judge of assize or a judge of the High Court, as the case may be, in accordance with the provisions of the County Courts (Ireland) Acts, 1851 to 1889, relating to appeals in the case of ordinary civil bills; or

(b)to the Court of Appeal in accordance with rules of the Supreme Court:

Provided that, if in any proceedings appeals are taken both to the judge of assize or a judge of the High Court and to the Court of Appeal, the appeal shall be heard together by such judge, and a further appeal may be taken from his determination to the Court of Appeal in accordance with rules of the Supreme Court.

12. Sections eighteen, twenty-one, twenty-three, twenty-six, and twenty-seven of the Landlord and Tenant (Ireland) Act, 1870, shall, so far as they are applicable, apply to proceedings in respect of claims under this Act; and the said section, twenty-three shall have effect as if " county court " were substituted therein for "civil bill court"; and the duty imposed upon

1C 06.

Town Tenants (Ireland) , 1906. Ch. 51.

307

the court by the said section twenty-seven shall, on the application of a limited owner, be performed as well where compensation is awarded by the court as where the amount of compensation is agreed upon.

13. The landlord of a holding, or any person authorised by Right of entry, him, may at all reasonable times enter on the holding, or any

part of it, for the purposes of this Act.

14. Capital money arising under the Settled Land Act, Application of 1882, may be applied in payment of any moneys expended and

costs incurred by a landlord under or in pursuance of this Act Vict> c. 38. in or about the execution of any improvement, as for an improvement authorised by the said Settled Land Act; and such money may also be applied in discharge of any charge created on a holding under or in pursuance of this Act in respect of any such improvement as aforesaid, as in discharge of an incumbrance authorised by the said Settled Land Act to be discharged out of such capital money.

15. Where the landlord is a person entitled to receive the provision in rents and profits of any holding as trustee, or in any character case of trus-otherwise than for his own benefit, the amount due from such tees' landlord in respect of compensation under this Act shall be charged and recovered as follows, and not otherwise (that is

to say): —

(1) The amount so due shall not be recoverable personally

against such landlord, nor shall lie be under any liability to pay such amount, but the same shall be a charge on and recoverable against the holding only;

(2) Such landlord shall, either before or after having paid to-

the tenant the amount due to him, be entitled to obtain from the county court a charge on the holding to the amount of the sum required to be paid or which has been paid, as the case may be, to the tenant.

" (3) If such landlord neglect, or fail within one month after

the tenant has quitted his holding, to pay to the tenant the amount due to him, then after the expiration of such one month the tenant shall be entitled to obtain from the county court in favour of himself, his executors, administrators, and assigns, a charge on the holding to the amount of the sum due to him, and of all costs properly incurred by him in obtaining the charge or in raising the amount due thereunder.

(4) The court shall, on proof of the tenant’s title to have a charge made in his favour, make an order charging the holding with payment of the amount of the charge, including costs, in like manner and form as in case of a charge which a landlord is entitled to obtain.

16. Any company now or hereafter incorporated by Parlia- Advance made ment, and having power to advance money for the improvement by a company-of land, may take an assignment of any charge made by a county

308

Ch. 54.

Town Tenants (IrelaAet, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Holdings to which Act applies.

Definitions.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 154.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 52.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 49.

Registration oi improvements.

[Commencement of Act.]

[Short title.]

court under the provisions of this Act, upon such terms and conditions as may be agreed upon between such company and the person entitled to such charge; and such company may assign any charge so acquired by them to any person or persons whomsoever.

17. The holdings to which the provisions of this Act relating to compensation for improvements apply are houses, shops, and other buildings situate in urban districts, towns, or villages, and occupied either for residential or for business purposes, or partly for residential and partly for business purposes.

18. The following expressions in this Act shall, unless the context otherwise requires, have the meanings herein-after respectively assigned to them (that is to say): —

" Landlord " shall have the same meaning as in section one of the Landlord and Tenant Law Amendment Act, Ireland, 1860;

" Owner " shall have the same meaning as in section two of the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878;

" Tenant " shall mean any person entitled in actual possession to the holding under any contract of tenancy for a year or for any longer period, whether the interest of such tenant shall have been acquired by original contract, lawful assignment, bequest, devise, or act and operation of law;

"Lease" means a lease, under-lease, assignment operating as a lease or under-lease, or an -agreement for such lease, under-lease, or assignment;

" Rules " includes forms;

" Prescribed" means prescribed by rules of the comity court;

The expression "predecessor in title " shall have the same meaning as in the Landlord and Tenant (Ireland) Act, 1870, as amended by section seven of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881.

19. Improvements by a landlord or tenant on any holding may be registered in the manner provided by section six of the Landlord and Tenant (Ireland) Act, 1870, but the court in which the improvements may be registered shall be the court within the meaning of this Act, and the said section for the purposes of this section shall be deemed to be incorporated in this Act.

20. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January nineteen hundred and seven.

21. This Act may be cited as the Town Tenant (Ireland) Act, 1906.

1906.

Public Trustee Act, 1906. Ch. 55.

309

CHAPTER 55.

An Act to provide for the appointment of a Public Trustee and to amend the Law relating to the administration of Trusts.

[21 st December 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual' and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament asse nbled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Establishment of Public Trustee.

1. — (1) There shall be established the office of public office of public trustee. trustee-

(2) The public trustee shall be a corporation sole under that name, with perpetual succession and an official seal, and may sue and be sued under the above name like any other corporation sole, but any instruments sealed by him shall not, by reason of his using a seal, be rendered liable to a higher stamp duty than if he were an individual.

Powers and Duties of Public Trustee.

2. — (1) Subject to and in accordance with the provisions of General power* this Act and rules made thereunder, the public trustee may, if he thinks fit —

(a) act in the administration of estates of small value;

(b) act as custodian trustee;

(c) act as an ordinary trustee;

(d) be appointed to be a judicial trustee;

(e) be appointed to be the administrator of the property of

a convict under the Forfeiture Act, 1870. 33 & 34 Vict.

c. 23.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Act, and to the rules made thereunder, the public trustee may act either alone or jointly with any person or body of persons in any capacity to which he may be appointed in pursuance of this Act, and shall have all the same powers, duties, and liabilities, and he entitled to the same rights and immunities and be subject to the control and orders of the court, as a private trustee acting in the same capacity.

(3) The public trustee may decline, either absolutely or except on the prescri bed'conditions, to accept any trust, but he shall not decline to accept any trust on the ground only of the small value of the trust property.

(4) The public trustee shall not accept any trust which involves the management or carrying on of any business, except in the cases in which he may be authorised to do so by rules

310

Ch. 55.

Public Trustee, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Administration of small estates.

56 & 57 Vict,

c. 53.

made under this Act, nor any trust under a deed of arrangement for the benefit of creditors, nor the administration of any estate known or believed by him to be insolvent.

(5) The public trustee shall not accept any trust exclusively for religious or charitable purposes, and nothing in this Act contained, or in the rules to be made under the powers in this Act contained, shall abridge or affect the-powers or duties of the official trustee of charity lands or official trustees of charitable funds.

(1) In the Administration of small Estates.

3. — (1) Any person who in the opinion of the public trustee -would be entitled to apply to the court for an order for the administration by the court of an estate, the gross capital value whereof is proved to the satisfaction of the public trustee to be less than one thousand pounds, may apply to the public trustee to administer the estate, and, where any such application is made and it appears to the public trustee that the persons beneficially entitled are persons of small means, the public trustee shall administer the estate, unless he sees good reason for refusing to do so.

(2) On the public trustee undertaking, by declaration in writing signed and sealed by him, to administer the estate the trust property other than stock shall, by virtue of this Act, vest in him, and the right to transfer or call for the transfer of any stock forming part of the estate shall also vest in him, in like manner as if vesting orders had been made for the purpose by the High Court under the Trustee Act, 1893, and that Act shall apply accordingly. As from such vesting any trustee entitled under the trust to administer the estate shall be discharged from all liability attaching to the administration, except in respect of past acts:

Provided that —

(a) the public trustee shall not exercise the right of

himself transferring the stock without the leave of the court; and

(b) this subsection shall not apply to any copyhold land

forming part of the estate, but the public trustee shall, as respects such land, have the like powers as if he had been appointed by the court under section thirty-three of the Trustee Act, 1893, to convey the land, and section thirty-four of that Act shall apply accordingly.

(3) For the purposes of the administration the public trustee may exercise such of the administrative powers and authorities of the High Court as may be conferred on him by rules under this Act, subject to such conditions as may be imposed by the rules.

1906.

Public Trustee Act, 1906. Ch. 55.

311

(4) Rules shall be made under this Act for enabling the public trustee to take the opinion of the High Court on any question arising in the course of any administration without judicial proceedings, and otherwise for making the procedure under this section simple and inexpensive.

(5) Where proceedings have been instituted in any court for the administration of an estate, and by reason of the small value of the estate it appears to the court that the estate can be more economically administered bj7 the public trustee than by the court, or that for any other reason it is expedient that the estate should be administered by the public trustee instead of the court, the court may order that the estate shall be administered by the public trustee, and thereupon (subject to any directions by the court) this section shall apply as if the administration of the estate had been undertaken by the public trustee in pursuance of this section.J

(2) As Custodian T

4. — (1) Subject to rules under this Act the public trustee Custodian may, if he consents to act as such, and whether or not the number trustee-of trustees has been reduced below the original number, be appointed to be custodian trustee of any trust —

(a) by order of the court made on the application of any person on whose application the court may order the appointment of a new trustee; or

(b) by the testator, settlor, or other creator of any trust; or

(e)by the person having power to appoint new trustees.

(2) Where the public trustee is appointed to be custodian trustee of any trust —

(a) The trust property shall be transferred to the custodian

trustee as if he were sole trustee, and for that purpose vesting orders may, where necessary, be made under the Trustee Act, 1893:

(b) The management of the trust property and the exercise of

any power or discretion exerciseable by the trustees under the trust shall remain vested in the trustees other than the custodian trustee (which trustees are herein-after referred to as the managing trustees):

(c) As between the custodian trustee and the managing

trustees, and subject and without prejudice to the rights of any other persons, the custodian trustee shall have the custody of all securities and documents of title relating to the trust property, but the managing trustee shall have]) free access thereto and be entitled to take copies thereof or extracts therefrom:

(d) The custodian trustee shall concur in and perform all acts necessary to enable the managing trustees to exercise their powers of management or any other power or discretion vested in them (including the power to pay

312

Ch. 55.

Public Trustee, 1906. 6 Edw. 7,

money or securities into court), unless the matter in which he is requested to concur is a breach of tmst> or involves a personal liability upon him in respect of calls or otherwise, but, unless he so concurs, the custodian trustee shall not be liable for any act or default on the part of the managing trustees or any of them:

(e) All sums payable to or out of the income or capital of the trust property shall be paid to or by the custodian trustee:Provided that the custodian trustee may allow the dividends and other income derived from the trust property to be paid to the managing trustees or to such person as they direct, or into such bank to the credit of such person as they may direct, and in such case shall be exonerated from seeing to the application thereof and shall not be answerable for any loss or misapplication thereof:

(f) The power of appointing new trustees, when exerciseable by the trustees, shall be exerciseable by the managing trustees alone, but the custodian trustee shall have the same power of applying to the court for the appointment of a new trustee as any other trustee:

(g) In determining the number of trustees for the purposes

of the Trustee Act, 1893, the custodian trustee shall not be reckoned as a trustee.

(h) The custodian trustee, if he acts in good faith, shall not

be liable for accepting as correct and acting upon the faith of any written statement by the managing trustees as to any birth, death, marriage, or other matter of pedigree or relationship, or other matter of fact, upon which the title to the trust property or any part thereof may depend, nor for acting upon any legal advice obtained by the managing trustees independently of the custodian trustee:

(i) The court may, on the application of either the custodian

trustee, or any of the managing trustees, or of any beneficiary, and on proof to their satisfaction that it is the general wish of the beneficiaries, or that on other grounds it is expedient, to terminate the custodian trusteeship, make an order for that purpose, and the court may thereupon make such vesting orders and give such directions as under the circumstances may seem to the court to be necessary or expedient.

(3) The provisions of this section shall apply in like manner as to the public trustee to any banking or insurance company or other body corporate entitled by rules made under this Act to act as custodian trustee, with power for such company or body corporate to charge and retain or pay out of the trust property fees not exceeding the fees chargeable by the public trustee as custodian trustee.

1906.

Public Trustee, 1906. Ch. 55.

313

(3) As an ordinary Trustee.

5, — (1) The public trustee may by that name, or any other Appointment, sufficient description, be appointed to be trustee of any will or jj^be trus-settlement or other instrument creating a trust or to perform tee, executor, any trust or duty belonging to a class which he is authorised &c-

by the rules made under this Act to accept, and may be so appointed whether the will or settlement or instrument creating the trust or duty was made or came into operation before or after the passing of this Act, and either as an original or as a new trustee, or as an additional trustee, in the same cases, and in the same manner, and by the same persons or court, as if he were a private trustee, with this addition, that, though the trustees originally appointed were two or more, the public trustee may be appointed sole trustee.

(2) Where the public trustee has been appointed a trustee of any trust, a co-trustee may retire from the trust under and in accordance with section eleven of the Trustee Act, 1893, notwithstanding that there are not more than two trustees, and without such consents as are required by that section.

(3) The public trustee shall not be so appointed either as a new or additional trustee where the will, settlement, or other instrument creating the trust or duty contains a direction to the contrary, unless the court otherwise order.

(4) Notice of any proposed appointment of the public trustee either as a new or additional trustee shall where practicable be given in the prescribed manner to all persons beneficially interested who are resident in the United Kingdom and whose addresses are known to the persons proposing to make the appointment, or, if such beneficiaries are infants, to their guardians, and if any person to whom such notice has been given within twenty-one days from the receipt of the notice applies to the court, the court may, if having regard to the interests of all the beneficiaries it considers it expedient to do so, make an order prohibiting the appointment being made, provided that a failure to give any such notice shall not invalidate any appointment made under this section.

6. — (1) *If in pursuance of any rule under this Act, the Power as to public trustee is authorised to accept by that name probates of

wills or letters of administration, the court having jurisdiction P to grant probate of a will or letters of administration may grant such probate or letters to the public trustee by that name, and for that purpose the court shall consider the public trustee as in law entitled equally with any other person or class of persons to obtain the grant of letters of administration, save that the consent or citation of the public trustee shall not be required for the grant of letters of administration to any other person, and that, as between the public trustee and the widower, widow or next-of-kin of the deceased, the widower, widow or next-of-kin shall be preferred, unless for good cause shown to the contrary.

314

Ch. 55.

6 Edw. 7.

Liability of

Consolidated

Fund.

Officers and offices.

Public Trustee Act, 1906.

(2) Any executor who has obtained probate or any administrator who has obtained letters of administration, and notwithstanding he has acted in the administration of the deceased’s estate, may, with the sanction of the court, and after such notice to the persons beneficially interested as the court may direct, transfer such estate to the public trustee for administration either solely or jointly with the continuing executors or administrator, if any. And the order of the court sanctioning such transfer shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, give to the public trustee all the powers of such executor and administrator, and such executor and administrator shall not be in any way liable in respect of any act or default in reference to such estate subsequent to the date of such order, other than the act or default of himself or of persons other than himself for whose conduct he is in law responsible.

Liability:Officers and Offices:Fees.

7. — (1) The Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom shall be liable to make good all sums required to discharge any liability which the public trustee, if he were a private trustee, would be personally liable to discharge, except where the liability is one to which neither the public trustee nor any of his officers has in any way contributed, and which neither he nor any of his officers could by the exercise of reasonable diligence have averted, and in that case the public trustee shall not, nor shall the Consolidated Fund, be subject to any liability.

(2) All sums payable in pursuance of this section out of the Consolidated Fund shall be charged on and issued out of that fund or the growing produce thereof.

8. — (1) The Lord Chancellor shall appoint a fit person to the office of public trustee, who shall hold office during pleasure, and receive such salary or fees, and be appointed on such terms, as the Treasury may determine.

(2) The Lord Chancellor shall appoint such persons to be officers of the public trustee as, subject to the sanction of the Treasury, he may consider necessary for the purposes of this Act, and those officers shall hold office upon such terms, and be remunerated at such rates and in such manner, as the Treasury may sanction.

(3) Any person appointed to be public trustee or an officer of the public trustee may, and shall, if the Treasury so require, be a person already in the public service.

(4) The public trustee shall, if so directed by the Lord Chancellor with the concurrence of the Treasury, maintain offices in London and elsewhere, and, so far as practicable, buildings already used for public purposes shall be used for such offices.

(5) The salary or remuneration of the public trustee and his officers and such other expenses of executing his office or other-

1906. Public Trustee Act, 1906. Ch. 55. 315

wise carrying this Act into effect as may be sanctioned by the Treasury shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

9. — (1) There shall be charged in respect of the duties of the Fees charged public trustee such fees, whether by way of percentage or other- b^ Public wise, as the Treasury with the sanction of the Lord Chancellor rus

may fix, and such fees shall be collected and accounted for by such persons, and in such manner, and shall be paid to such account, as the Treasury direct.

(2) Any expenses which might be retained or paid out of the trust property if the public trustee were a private trustee shall be so retained or paid, and the fees shall be retained or paid in the like manner as and in addition to such expenses.

(3) Such fees shall, under the regulations of the Treasury, be applied as an appropriation in aid of moneys provided by Parliament for expenses under this Act, and so far as not so applied shall be paid into the Exchequer.

(4) The fees under this section shall be arranged from time to time so as to produce an annual amount sufficient to discharge the salaries and other expenses incidental to the working of this Act (including such sum as the Treasury may from time to time determine to be required to insure the Consolidated Fund against loss under this Act) and no more.

(5) The incidence of the fees and expenses under this section as between capital and income shall be determined by the public trustee.

Supplemental Provisions as to Public Trustee.

10. — (1) A person aggrieved by any act or omission or decision Appeal to the of the public trustee in relation to any trust may apply to the court* court, and the court may make such order in the matter as the

court thinks just.

(2) Subject to rules of court, an application under this section to the High Court shall be made to a judge of the Chancery Division of the High Court in Chambers.

11. — (1) The public trustee shall not, nor shall, any of Mode of action his officers, act under this Act for reward, except as provided by Public

irusiCv#

this Act.

(2) The public trustee may, subject to the rules made under this Act, employ for the purposes of any trust such solicitors, bankers, accountants, and brokers, or other persons as he may consider necessary, and in determining the persons to be so employed in relation to any trust the public trustee shall have regard to the interests of the trust, but subject to this shall, whenever practicable, take into consideration the wishes of the creator of the trust and of the other trustees (if any), and of the beneficiaries, either expressed or as implied by the practice of the creator of the trust, or in the previous management of the trust.

316

Ch. 55.

Public Trustee Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Application of Act to palatine courts.

Investigation and audit of trust accounts.

(3) On behalf of the public trustee such person as may be

prescribed may take any oath, make any declaration, verify any account, give personal attendance at any court or place, and do any act or thing whatsoever which the public trustee is required or authorised to take, make, verify, give, or do: Provided that

nothing in this Act or in any rule made under this Act shall confer upon any person not otherwise entitled thereto any right to appear, or act, or be heard in or before any court or tribunal, on behalf or instead of the public trustee, or to do any act whatsoever on behalf or on the instructions of the public trustee, which could otherwise only be lawfully done by a barrister or a duly certificated solicitor.

(4) Where any bond or security would be required from a private person upon the grant to him of administration, or upon his appointment to act in any capacity, the public trustee, if administration is granted to him or if he is appointed to act in such capacity as aforesaid, shall not be required to give such bond or security, but shall be subject to the same liabilities and duties as if he had given such bond or security.

(5) The entry of the public trustee by that name in the books of a company shall not constitute notice of a trust, and a company shall not be entitled to object to enter the name of the public trustee on its books by reason only that the public trustee is a corporation, and, in dealings with property, the fact that the person or one of the persons dealt with is the public trustee, shall not of itself constitute notice of a trust.

12. The provisions of this Act with respect to the High Court shall, in their application to cases within the jurisdiction of a palatine court, include that court, and the public trustee shall provide an address within the county palatine where service upon him of any proceedings under this Act in such palatine court may be effected; the rules of court relating to the exercise of the jurisdiction of a palatine court under this Act shall be made by the authority having power to make general rules and orders of that court.

Investigation and Audit of Trust Accounts.

13. — (1) Subject to rules under this Act and unless the court otherwise orders, the condition and accounts of any trust shall, on an application being made and notice thereof given in the prescribed manner by any trustee or beneficiary, be investigated and audited by such solicitor or public accountant as may be agreed on by the applicant and the trustees or, in default of agreement, by the public trustee or some person appointed by him:

Provided that (except with the leave of the court) such an investigation or audit shall not be required within twelve months after any such previous investigation or audit, and that a trustee

1906.

Public Trustee, 1906.

Cir. 55.

317

or beneficiary stall not be appointed under this section to make an investigation or audit.

(2) The person making the investigation or audit (hereinafter called the auditor) shall have a right of access to the books, accounts, and vouchers of the trustees, and to any securities and documents of title held by them on account of the trust, and may require from them such information and explanation as may be necessary for the performance of his duties, and upon the completion of the investigation and audit shall forward to the applicant and to every trustee a copy of the accounts, together with a report thereon, and a certificate signed by him to the effect that the accounts exhibit a true view of the state of the affairs of the trust and that he has had the securities of the trust fund investments produced to and verified by him or (as the case may be) that such accounts are deficient in such respects as may be specified in such certificate.

(3) Every beneficiary under the trust shall, subject to rules under this Act, be entitled at all reasonable times to inspect and take copies of the accounts, report, and certificate, and, at his own expense, to be furnished with copies thereof or extracts therefrom.

(4) The auditor may be removed by order of the court, and, if any auditor is removed, or resigns, or dies, or becomes bankrupt or incapable of acting before the investigation and audit is completed, a new auditor may be appointed in his place in like manner as the original auditor.

(5) The remuneration of the auditor and the other expenses of the investigation and audit shall be such as may be prescribed by rules under this Act, and shall, unless the public trustee otherwise directs, be borne by the estate; and, in the event of the public trustee so directing, he may order that such expenses be borne by the applicant or by the trustees personally or partly by them and partly by the applicant.

(6) If any person having the custody of any documents to which the auditor has a right of access under this section fails or refuses to allow him to have access thereto or in anywise obstructs the investigation or audit, the auditor may apply to the court, and thereupon the court shall make such order as it thinks just.

(7) Subject to rules of court, applications under or for the purposes of this section to the High Court shall be made to a judge of the Chancery Division in Chambers.

(8) If any person in any statement of accounts, report, or certificate required for the purposes of this section wilfully makes a statement false in any material particular, he shall be liable on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years, and on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months, with or without hard labour, and in either case to a fine in lieu of or in addition to such imprisonment.

818

Ch. 55.

Public Trustee Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 1,

Rules.

Definitions.

Rules: Definitions: Short Title and Extent.

14. — (1) The Lord Chancellor shall, with the concurrence of the Treasury, make rules for carrying into effect the objects of this Act, and in particular for all or any of the following purposes (that is to say): —

(a) establishing the office of public trustee and prescribing

the trusts or duties he is authorised to accept or undertake, and the security, if any, to be given by the public trustee and his officers:

(b) the transfer to and from the public trustee of any property:

(c) the accounts to be kept and an audit thereof:

(d) the establishment and regulation of any branch office:

(e) excluding any trusts from the operation of this Act or any part thereof:

(f) the classes of corporate bodies entitled to act as custodian trustees:

(g) the form and manner in which notices under this Act shall be given.

(2) Every rule under this Act shall be laid before each House of Parliament forthwith, and, if an address is presented to His Majesty by either House of Parliament, within the next subsequent thirty days on which the House has sat next after any such rule is laid before it, praying that the rule may be annulled, His Majesty in Council may annul the rule, and it shall thenceforth be void, but without prejudice to the validity of anything previously done thereunder.

(3) If the rules require a declaration to be made for any purpose, a person who makes such declaration, knowing the same to be untrue in any material particular, shall be guilty of a misdemeanour.

15. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, —

the expression "court" means the High Court and, as respects trusts within its jurisdiction, the county court: the expression "letters of administration" means letters of administration of the estate and effects of a deceased person, whether general or with a will annexed, or limited either in time or otherwise:the expression "trust " includes an executorship or administratorship; and the expression "trustee " shall be construed accordingly; and the expression "trust property " shall include all property in the possession or under the control wholly or partly of the public trustee by virtue of any trust: the expression "private trustee" means a trustee other than the public trustee:the expression "expenses " includes costs and charges:

319

1906.

Public Trustee , 1906. Ch. 55, 56.

the expression "prescribed" means prescribed for the time being by rules under this Act: other expressions have the same meaning as in the Trustee Act, 1893.

16. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of Commence-

January one thousand nine hundred and eight. ment of Act *

17. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Public Trustee Act, Short title ami

1906. extent *

(2) This Act shall not extend to Ireland or Scotland.

CHAPTER 56.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Agricultural Holdings.

[21st December 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) Subsection (1) of section one of the Agricultural Amendment of Holdings Act, 1900, shall be repealed and for it substituted:— 64 Vict *

Where a tenant has made on his holding any improvement comprised in the First Schedule to this Act, he shall, subject as in the Agricultural Holdings (England) Act,

1883 (in this Act referred to as " the principal Act "), and in this Act mentioned, be entitled at the determination of a tenancy on quitting his holding to obtain from the landlord, as compensation under the said Acts for the improvement, such sum as fairly represents the value of the improvement to an incoming tenant.

(2) All questions which, under the Agricultural Holdings (England) Acts, 1883 to 1900, or the Agricidtural Holdings (Scotland) Acts, 1883 to 1900, or this Act, or under the contract of tenancy, are referred to arbitration shall, whether the matter to which the arbitration relates arose before or after the passing of this Act, be determined, notwithstanding any agreement to the contrary, by a single arbitrator, in accordance with the provisions set out in Part I. of the Second Schedule to the Agricultural Holdings Act, 1900, and any sum awarded by such arbitrator to be paid shall be recoverable in manner provided by the Agricultural Holdings (England) Acts, 1883 to 1900, or the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Acts, 1883 to 1900, for the recovery of compensation.

(3) The following rule shall be substituted for rule (10) in Part I. of the Second Schedule to the Agricultural Holdings Act, 1900: —

The arbitrator shall on the application of either party specify the amount awarded in respect of any particular improve- ' ment or any particular matter the subject of the award,

320

Ch. 56.

Agricultural Holdings Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

and the award shall fix a day not sooner than one month or later than two months after the delivery of the award for the payment of the money awarded as compensation, costs, or otherwise, and shall be in such form as may be prescribed by the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries.

Compensation 2. — (1) Where the tenant has sustained damage to his crops

for damage by from. game, the right to kill and take which is vested neither in game. him nor in anyone claiming under him other than the landlord,

and which the tenant has not permission in writing to kill, he shall be entitled to compensation from his landlord for such damage if it exceeds in amount the sum of one shilling per acre of the area over which the damage extends, and any agreement to the contrary, or in limitation of such compensation, shall be void.

(2) The amount of compensation payable under this section shall, in default of agreement made after the damage has been suffered, be determined by arbitration, but no compensation shall be recoverable under this section unless notice in writing is given to the landlord as soon as may be after the damage was first observed by the tenant and a reasonable opportunity is given to the landlord to inspect the damage —

(a) in the case of damage to a growing crop, before the crop is begun to be reaped, raised, or consumed; and

(b) in the case of damage to a crop reaped or raised, before it is begun to be removed from the land —

and unless notice in writing of the claim, together with the particulars thereof, is given to the landlord within one month after the expiration of the calendar year, or such other period of twelve months as by agreement between the landlord and tenant may be substituted therefor, in respect of which the claim is made.

(3) Where the landlord proves that, under a contract of tenancy made before the commencement of this Act, any compensation for damage by game is payable by him, or that in fixing the rent to be paid under such contract allowance in respect of such damage to an agreed amount was expressly made, the arbitrator shall make such deduction from the compensation which would otherwise be payable under this section as may appear just.

(4) Where the right to kill and take the game is vested in some person other than the landlord, the landlord shall be entitled to be indemnified by such other person against all claims for compensation under this section.

For the purposes of this section the expression "game" means deer, pheasants, partridges, grouse, and black game.

Freedom of 3. — (1) Notwithstanding any custom of the country or the

dis )osai8ofE ro Prov^s^ons any contract of tenancy or agreement respecting ° P1°" the method of cropping of arable lands, or the disposal of crops, a tenant shall have full right to practise any system of cropping

1906.

Agricultural Holdings 1906. Ch. 56. 321

of the arable land on his holding and to dispose of the produce of his holding without incurring any penalty, forfeiture, or liability: Provided that he shall previously have made, or, as soon as may be, shall make, suitable and adequate provision to protect the holding from injury or deterioration, which provision shall in the case of disposal of the produce of the holding consist in the return to the holding of the full equivalent manurial value to the holding of all crops sold off or removed from the holding in contravention of the custom, contract, or agreement:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply —

(a) in the case of a tenancy from year to year, as respects

the year before the tenant quits the holding or any period after he has given or received notice to quit which results in his quitting the holding; or

(b) in any other case, as respects the year before the

expiration of the contract of tenancy.

(2) If the tenant exercises his rights under this section in such a manner as to injure or deteriorate the holding, or to be likely to injure or deteriorate the holding, the landlord shall without prejudice to any other remedy which may be open to him be entitled to recover damages in respect of such injury or deterioration at any time, and, should the case so require, to obtain an injunction, or in Scotland an. interdict, restraining the exercise of the rights under this section in that manner, and the amount of such damages may, in default of agreement, be determined by arbitration.

(3) A tenant shall not be entitled to any compensation in respect of improvements comprised in Part III. of the First Schedule to the Agricultural Holdings Act, 1900, which have been made for the purpose of making such provision to protect the holding from injury or deterioration as is required by this section.

(4) In this section the expression "arable land" shall not include land in grass, which by the terms of any contract of tenancy is to be retained in the same condition throughout the tenancy.

4. Where the landlord, without good and sufficient cause, and for reasons inconsistent with good estate management, terminates a tenancy by notice to quit, or, after having been requested in writing, at least one year before the expiration of a tenancy, to grant a renewal thereof, refuses to do so, or where it has been proved that an increase of rent is demanded from the tenant, and that such increase was demanded by reason of an increase in the value of the holding due to improvements which have been executed by or at the cost of the tenant, and for which he has not, either directly or indirectly, received an equivalent from the landlord, and such demand results in the tenant quitting the holding, the tenant upon quitting the holding shall, in addition to the compensation (if any) to which he may be entitled in respect of improvements, and

X

Compensation for unreasonable disturbance.

322

Ch. 56.

Agricultural Holdings Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

notwithstanding any agreement to the contrary, he entitled to compensation for the loss or expense directly attributable to his quitting the holding which the tenant may unavoidably incur upon or in connection with the sale or removal of his household goods, or his implements of husbandry, produce, or farm stock, on or used in connection with the holding.

Provided that no compensation under this section shall be payable —

(a) unless the tenant has given to the landlord a reasonable

opportunity of making a valuation of such goods, implements, produce, and stock as aforesaid; or

(b) unless the tenant has within two months after he has

received notice to quit or a refusal to grant a renewal of the tenancy, as the case may be, given to the landlord notice in writing of his intention to claim compensation under this section; or

(c) where the tenant with whom a contract of tenancy was

made has died within three months before the date of the notice to quit, or in the case of a lease for year's before the refusal to grant a renewal; or __

(d) if the claim for compensation is not made within three months after the time at which the tenant quits the holding.

In the event of any difference arising as to any matter under this section the difference' shall, in default of agreement, be settled by arbitration.

Retrospective 5. Section four of the Market Gardeners’ Compensation Act, 68 & 59fVict 1895, and section four of the Market Gardeners’ Compensation c. 27. s. 4, &’ (Scotland) Act, 1897, shall apply to improvements executed °29 61 Vict‘ before the dates of the commencement of those Acts respectively in like manner as the sections apply to improvements executed after those dates.

Oonseut of 6. The following improvements shall be included in Part III.

required for* °1 the First Schedule to the Agricultural* Holdings Act, 1900:— certain im- Repairs to buildings, being buildings necessary for the proper provements. cultivation or working of the holding, other than repairs which the tenant is himself under an obligation to execute:

Provided that the tenant, before beginning to execute any such repairs, shall give to the landlord notice in writing of his intention, together with particulars of such repairs, and shall not execute the repairs unless the landlord fails to execute them within a reasonable time after receiving such notice.

Record of hold- 7. If at the commencement of any tenancy entered into after mg' the commencement of this Act either party so requires, a record

of the condition of the buildings, fences, gates, roads, drains, ditches, and cultivation of the holding shall be made within three months after the commencement of the tenancy by a person to be appointed in default of agreement by the Board of

1906.

Agricultural Holdings, 1906. Ch. 56.

323

Agriculture and Fisheries, and in default of agreement the cost of making such record shall he borne by the landlord and tenant in equal proportions.

8. The enactments mentioned in the Schedule to this Act Repeal, are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

[Commencement of Act.]

9. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January one thousand nine hundred and nine.

[Short title.]

10. This Act may be cited as the Agricultural Holdings Act, 1906, and shall be read and construed and may be cited

with the Agricultural Holdings (England) Acts, 1883 to 1900, and the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Acts, 1883 to 1900.

SCHEDULE.

Enactments repealed!

Section 8.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Extent of Repeal.

40 & 41 Vict. The Game Laws Amend- The whole Act, except sections one,

c. 28. ment (Scotland) Act, 1877. ten, and eleven, and the definition of sheriff in section three.

63 & 64 Vict. The Agricultural Hold- Subsection (1) of section one.

c. 50. ings Act, 1900. In section two, the words "by arbitration in accordance with the " provisions (if any) in that behalf " in any agreement between landlord and tenant, and in default " of and subject to any such provisions "; the words "or arbitrators "; the words "An arbitration shall, unless the parties " otherwise agree, be before a " single arbitrator "; the words "or umpire "; and the words "subject to any provision contained in any agreement between " landlord and tenant." Second Scheduler, Part II.

324

Ch. 57. Education (Provision of Meeds), 1906. 6 Edw. 7 *

Power of local education authority to aid school canteen committees in the provision of meals for children.

2 Edw. 7. c. 42.

Recovery of the cost of meals.

Power of local education authority to defray the cost of food in certain cases.

CHAPTER 57.

An Act to make provision for Meals for Children attending Public Elementary Schools in England and Wales.

[21st December 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. A local education authority under Part III. of the Education Act, 1902, may take such steps as they think fit for the provision of meals for children in attendance at any public elementary school in their area, and for that purpose —

(a) may associate with themselves any committee on which

the authority are represented, who will undertake to provide food for those children (in this Act called a " school canteen committee "); and

(b) may aid that committee by furnishing such land,

buildings, furniture, and apparatus, and such officers and servants as may be necessary for the organization, preparation, and sendee of such meals;

but, save as herein-after provided, the authority shall not incur any expense in respect of the purchase of food to be supplied at such meals.

2. — (1) There shall be charged to the parent of every child in respect of every meal furnished to that child under this Act such an amount as may be determined by the local education authority, and, in the event of payment not being made by the parent, it shall be the duty of the authority, unless they are satisfied that the parent is unable by reason of circumstances other than his own default to pay the amount, to require the payment of that amount from that parent, and any such amount may be recovered summarily as a civil debt.

(2) The local education authority shall pay over to the school canteen committee so much of any money paid to them by, or recovered from, any parent as may be determined by the authority to represent the cost of the food furnished by the committee to the child of that parent, less a reasonable deduction in respect of the expenses of recovering the same.

3. Where the local education authority resolve that any of the children attending an elementary school within their area are unable by reason of lack of food to take full advantage of the education provided for them, and have ascertained that funds other than public funds are not available or are insufficient in amount to defray the cost of food furnished in meals under this Act, they may apply to the Board of Education, and that Board may authorise them to spend out of the rates such sum as will meet the cost of the provision of such food, provided that

1906. Education (Provision of Meals), 1906. Ch. 57, 58.

325

the total amount expended by a local education authority for the purposes of this section in any local financial year shall not exceed the amount which would be produced by a rate of one halfpenny in the pound over the area of the authority, or, where the authority is a county council (other than the London County Council), over the area of the parish or parishes which in the opinion of the council are served by the school.

4. The provision of any meal under this Act to a child Provisions as and the failure on the part of the parent to pay any amount ^disfranchise-demanded under this Act in respect of a meal shall not deprive the parent of any franchise, right, or privilege, or subject him to any disability.

5. — (1) The powers of a local education authority under this Application of Act shall be deemed to be powers of that authority under the Education Education Acts, 1870 to 1903, and the provisions of those Acts

as to the manner in which the expenses of a local education authority are to be charged and defrayed, and as to borrowing, and as to the manner in which the amount which would be produced by any rate in the pound is to be estimated, shall apply to expenses incurred and money borrowed under this Act, and to the estimate of the produce of any rate in the pound for the purposes of this Act.

(2) Any expression to which a special meaning is attached in the Education Acts, 1870 to 1903, shall have the same meaning in this Act, except that for the purposes of this Act the expression "child" shall, notwithstanding anything in section forty-eight of the Elementary Education Act, 1876, include 39 & 40 Vict, any child in attendance at a public elementary school. c. 79.

6. No teacher seeking employment or employed in a public Provision as to elementary school shall be required as part of his duties to teachers* supervise or assist, or to abstain from supervising or assisting, in

the provision of meals, or in the collection of the cost thereof.

7. This Act shall not apply to Scotland. *tteilt of

[Short title.]

8. This Act may be cited as the Education (Provision of Meals) Act, 1906.

CHAPTER 58.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Law with respect to Compensation to Workmen for Injuries suffered in the course of their Employment.

[21st December 1906.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

326 Ch. 58. Workmen's Compensation Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Liability of employers to workmen for m juries. 1. — (1) If in any employment personal injury by accident arising out of and in the course of the employment is caused to a workman, his employer shall, subject as herein-after mentioned, be liable to pay compensation in accordance with the First Schedule to this Act. (2) Provided that — (a) The employer shall not be liable under this Act in respect of any injury which does not disable the workman for a period of at least one week from earning full wages at the work at which he was-employed:fb) When the injury was caused by the personal negligence or wilful act of the employer or of some person for whose act or default the employer is responsible, nothing in this Act shall affect any civil liability of the employer, but in that case the workman may, at his option, either claim compensation under this Act or take proceedings independently of this Act; but the employer shall hot be liable to pay compensation for injury to a workman by accident arising out of and in the course of the employment both independently of and also under this Act, and shall not be liable to any proceedings independently of this Act, except in case of such personal negligence or wilful act as aforesaid:(c) If it is proved that the injury to a workman is attributable to the serious and wilful misconduct of that workman, any compensation claimed in respect of that injury shall, unless the injury results in death or serious and permanent disablement, be disallowed. (3) If any question arises in any proceedings under this Act as to the liability to pay compensation under this Act (including any question as to whether the person injured is a workman to whom this Act applies), or as to the amount or duration of compensation under this Act, the question, if not settled by agreement, shall, subject to the provisions of the First Schedule to this Act, be settled by arbitration, in accordance with the Second Schedule to this Act. (4) If, within the time herein-after in this Act limited for taking proceedings, an action is brought to recover damages independently of this Act for injury caused by any accident, and it is determined in such action that the injury is one for which the employer is not liable in such action, but that he would have been liable to pay compensation under the provisions of this Act, the action shall be dismissed; but the court in which the action is tried shall, if the plaintiff so choose, proceed to assess such compensation, but may deduct from such compensation all or part of the costs which, in its judgment, have been caused by the plaintiff bringing the action instead of proceeding under this Act. In any proceeding under this subsection, when the court assesses the compensation it shall give a

1906. Workmens Compensation Act, 1906. Ch. 58.

327

certificate of the compensation it has awarded and the directions it has given as to the deduction for costs, and such certificate shall have the force and effect of an award under this Act.

(5) Nothing in this Act shall affect any proceeding for a fine under the enactments relating to mines, factories, or workshops, or the application of any such fine.

2. — (1) Proceedings for the recovery under this Act of Time for taking compensation for an injury shall not be maintainable unless procee<hng8' notice of the accident has been given as soon as practicable after the happening thereof and before the workman has voluntarily left the employment in which he was injured, and unless the claim for compensation with respect to such accident has been made within six months from the occurrence of the accident causing the injury, or, in case of death, within six months from the time of death:

Provided always that —

(a) the want of or any defect or inaccuracy in such notice shall not be a bar to the maintenance of such proceedings if it is found in the proceedings for settling the claim that the employer is not, or would not, if a notice or an amended notice were then given and the hearing postponed, be prejudiced in his defence by the want, defect, or inaccuracy, or that such want, defect, or inaccuracy was occasioned by mistake, absence from the United Kingdom, or other reasonable cause; and (b) the failure to make a claim within the period above specified shall not be a bar to the maintenance of such proceedings if it is found that the failure was occasioned by mistake, absence from the United Kingdom, or other reasonable cause.

(2) Notice in respect of an injury under this Act shall give the name and address of the person injured, and shall state in ordinary language the cause of the injury and the date at which the accident happened, and shall be served on the employer, or, if there is more than one employer, upon one of such employers.

(3) The notice may be served by delivering the same at, or sending it by post in a registered letter addressed to, the residence or place of business of the person on whom it is to be served.

(4) Where the employer is a body of persons, corporate or unincorporate, the notice may also be served by delivering the same at, or by sending it by post in a registered letter addressed to, the employer at the office, or, if there be more than one office, any one of the offices of such body.

3. — (1) If the Registrar of Friendly Societies, after taking Contracting steps to ascertain the views of the employer and workmen, out* certifies that any scheme of compensation, benefit, or insurance

Ch. 58. Workmens Compensation Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

for the workmen of an employer in any employment, whether or not such scheme includes other employers and their workmen, provides scales of compensation not less favourable to the workmen and their dependants than the corresponding scales contained in this Act, and that, where the scheme provides for contributions by the workmen, the scheme confers benefits at least equivalent to those contributions, in addition to the benefits to which the workmen would have been entitled under this Act, and that a majority (to be ascertained by ballot) of the workmen to whom the scheme is applicable are in favour of such scheme, the employer may, whilst the certificate is in force, contract with any of his workmen that the provisions of the scheme shall be substituted for the provisions of this Act, and thereupon the employer shall be liable only in accordance with the scheme, but, save as aforesaid, this Act shall apply notwithstanding any contract to the contrary made after the commencement of this Act.

(2) The Registrar may give a certificate to expire at the end of a limited period of not less than five years, and may from time to time renew with or without modifications such a certificate to expire at the end of the period for which it is renewed.

(3) No scheme shall be so certified which contains an obligation upon the workmen to join the scheme as a condition of their hiring, or which does not contain provisions enabling a workman to withdraw from the scheme.

(4) If complaint is made to the Registrar of Friendly Societies by or on behalf of the workmen of any employer that the benefits conferred by any scheme no longer conform to the conditions stated in subsection (1) of this section, or that the provisions of such scheme are being violated, or that the scheme is not being fairly administered, or that satisfactory reasons exist for revoking the certificate, the Registrar shall examine into the complaint, and, if satisfied that good cause exist for such complaint, shall, unless the cause of complaint is removed, revoke the certificate.

(5) When a certificate is revoked or expires, any moneys or securities held for the purpose of the scheme shall, after due provision has been made to discharge the liabilities already accrued, be distributed as may be arranged between the employer and workmen, or as may be determined by the Registrar of Friendly Societies in the event of a difference of opinion.

(6) Whenever a scheme has been certified as aforesaid, it shall be the duty of the employer to answer all such inquiries and to furnish all such accounts in regard to the scheme as may be made or required by the Registrar of Friendly Societies.

(7) The Chief Registrar of Friendly Societies shall include in his annual report the particulars of the proceedings of the Registrar under this Act.

1906.

Workmen's Compensation Act, 1906. Ch. 58.

329

(8) The Chief Registrar of Friendly Societies may make regulations for the purpose of carrying this section into effect.

4. — (1) Where any person (in this section referred to as the Sub-contract-principal), in the course of or for the purposes of his trade or in°* business, contracts with any other person (in this section referred to as the contractor) for the execution by or under the contractor of the whole or any part of any work undertaken by the principal, the principal shall be liable to pay to any workman employed in the execution of the work any compensation under this Act which he would have been liable to pay if that workman had been immediately employed by him; and where compensation is claimed from or proceedings are taken against the principal, then, in the application of this Act, references to the principal shall be substituted for references to the employer, except that the amount of compensation shall be calculated with reference to the earnings of the workman under the employer by whom he is immediately employed:

Provided that, where the contract relates to threshing, ploughing, or other agricultural work, and the contractor provides and uses machinery driven by mechanical power for the purpose of such work, he and he alone shall be liable under this Act to pay compensation to any workman employed by him on such work.

(2) Where the principal is liable to pay compensation under this section, he shall be entitled to be indemnified by any person who would have been liable to pay compensation to the workman independently of this section, and all questions as to the right to and amount of any such indemnity shall in default of agreement be settled by arbitration under this Act.

(3) Nothing in this section shall be construed as preventing a workman recovering compensation under this Act from the contractor instead of the principal.

(4) This section shall not apply in any case where the accident occurred elsewhere than on, or in, or about premises on which the principal has undertaken to execute the work or which are otherwise under his control or management.

5. — (1) Where any employer has entered into a contract Provision as to with any insurers in respect of any liability under this Act to ^pCtsCyf0f any workman, then, in the event of the employer becoming pioycr. bankrupt, or making a composition or arrangement with his creditors, or if the employer is a company in the event of the company having commenced to be wound up, the rights of the -employer against the insurers as respects that liability shall, notwithstanding anything in the enactments relating to bankruptcy and the winding up of companies, be transferred to and vest in the workman, and upon any such transfer the insurers shall have the same rights and remedies and be subject to the same liabilities as if they were the employer, so however that

330

Ch. 58.

Workmen's Compensation 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 62.

52 & 53 Vict, c. 60.

60 & 61 Vict, c. 10.

50 & 51 Vict, c. 43.

the insurers shall not be under any greater liability to the workman than they would have been under to the employer.

(2) If the liability of the insurers to the workman is less than the liability of the employer to the workman, the workman may prove for the balance in the bankruptcy or liquidation.

(3) There shall be included among the debts which under section one of the Preferential Payments in Bankruptcy Act, 1888, and section four of the Preferential Payments in Bankruptcy (Ireland) Act, 1889, are in the distribution of the property of a bankrupt and in the distribution of the assets of a company being wound up to be paid in priority to all other debts, the amount, not exceeding in any individual case one hundred pounds, due in respect of any compensation the liability wherefor accrued before the date of the receiving order or the date of the commencement of the winding up, and those Acts and the Preferential Payments in Bankruptcy Amendment Act, 1897, shall have effect accordingly. Where the compensation is a weekly payment, the amount due in respect thereof shall, for the purposes of this provision, be taken to be the amount of the lump sum for which the weekly payment could, if redeemable, be redeemed if the employer made an application for that purpose under the First Schedule to this Act.

(4) In the case of the winding up of a company within the meaning of the Stannaries Act, 1887, such an amount as aforesaid, if the compensation is payable to a miner or the dependants of a miner, shall have the like priority as is conferred on wages of miners by section nine of that Act, and that section shall have effect accordingly.

(5) The provisions of this section with respect to preferences and priorities shall not apply where the bankrupt or the company being wound up has entered into such a contract with insurers as aforesaid.

(6) This section shall not apply where a company is wound up voluntarily merely for the purposes of reconstruction or of amalgamation with another company.

Remedies both against employer and stranger.

6. Where the injury for which compensation is payable under this Act was caused under circumstances creating a legal liability in some person other than the employer to pay damages in respect thereof —

(1) The workman may take proceedings both against that

person to recover damages and against any person liable to pay compensation under this Act for such compensation, but shall not be entitled to recover both damages and compensation; and

(2) If the workman has recovered compensation under this

Act, the person by whom the compensation was paid, and any person who has been called on to pay an indemnity under the section of this Act relating to sub-contracting, shall be entitled to be indemnified

1906. Workmens Compensation Act, 1906. Ch. 58.

331

by the person so liable to pay damages as aforesaid, and all questions as to the right to and amount of any such indemnity shall, in default of agreement, be settled by action, or, by consent of the parties, by arbitration under this Act.

7. — (1) This Act shall apply to masters, seamen, and appren- Application of tices to the sea service and apprentices in the sea-fishing service, Act to seamen* provided that%such persons are workmen within the meaning of this Act, and are members of the crew of any ship registered in the United Kingdom, or of any other British ship or vessel of which the owner, or (if there is more than one owner) the managing owner, or manager resides or has his principal place of business* in the United Kingdom, subject to the following modifications:—

(a) The notice of accident and the claim for compensation

may, except where the person injured is the master, be served on the master of the ship as if he were the employer, but where the accident happened and the incapacity commenced on board the ship it shall not be necessary to give any notice of the accident:

(b) In the case of the death of the master, seaman, or

apprentice, the claim for compensation shall be made within six months after news of the death has been received by the claimant:

(c) Where an injured master, seaman, or apprentice is discharged or left behind in a British possession or in a foreign country, depositions respecting the circumstances and nature of the injury may be taken by any judge or magistrate in the British possession, and by any British consular officer in the foreign country, and if so taken shall be transmitted by the person by whom they are taken to the Board of Trade, and such depositions or certified copies thereof shall in any proceedings for enforcing the claim be admissible in evidence as provided by sections six hundred and ninety-one and six hundred and ninety-five of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, and those sections shall 57 & 58 Vict. apply accordingly:c- 60 *

(d) In the case of the death of a master, seaman, or appren-

tice, leaving no dependants, no compensation shall be payable, if the owner of the ship is under the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, liable to pay the expenses of burial:

The weekly payment shall not be payable in respect of the period during which the owner of the ship is, under the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, as amended by any subsequent enactment, or otherwise, liable to defray the expenses of maintenance of the injured master, seaman, or apprentice:

332

Ch. 58.

Workmens Compensation Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

(f) Any sum payable by way of compensation by the owner of a ship under this Act shall be paid in full notwithstanding anything in section five hundred and three of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894 (which relates to the limitation of a shipowner’s liability in certain cases of loss of life, injury, or damage), but the limitation on the owner’s liability imposed by that section shall apply to the amount recoverable by way of indemnity, under the section of this Act relating to remedies both against employer and stranger, as if the indemnity were damages for loss of life or personal injury:

(g) Subsections (2) and (3) of section one hundred and seventy-four of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894 (which relates to the recovery of wages of seamen lost with their ship), shall apply as respects proceedings for the recovery of compensation by dependants of masters, seamen, and apprentices lost with their ship as they apply with respect to proceedings for the recovery of wages due to seamen and apprentices; and proceedings for the recovery of compensation shall in such a case be maintainable if the claim is made within eighteen months of the date at which the ship is deemed to have been lost with all hands:

(2) This Act shall not apply to such members of the crew of a fishing vessel as are remunerated by shares in the profits or the gross earnings of the working of such vessel.

(3) This section shall extend to pilots to whom Part X. of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, applies, as if a pilot when employed on any such ship as aforesaid were a seaman and a member of the crew.

Application of Act to industrial diseases.

1 Edw. 7. c. 22.

8. — (1) Where —

(i) the certifying surgeon appointed under the Factory and Workshop Act, 1901, for the district in which a workman is employed certifies that the workman is suffering from a disease mentioned in the Third Schedule to this Act and is thereby disabled from earning full wages at the work at which he was employed; or

(ii) a workman is, in pursuance of any special rules or regulations made under the Factory and Workshop Act, 1901, suspended from his usual employment on account of having contracted any such disease; or

(iii) the death of a workman is caused by any such disease;

and the disease is due to the nature of any employment in which the workman was employed at any time within the twelve months previous to the date of the disablement or suspension, whether under one or more employers, he or his dependants

1906.

Workmen's Compensation Act, 1906. Ch. 58.

333

shall he entitled to compensation under this Act as if the disease or such suspension as aforesaid were a personal injury by accident arising out of and in. the course of that employment, subject to the following modifications:—

(a) The disablement or suspension shall be treated as the

happening of the accident;

(b) If it is proved that the workman has at the time of

entering the employment wilfully and falsely represented himself in writing as not having previously suffered from the disease, compensation shall not be payable;

(c) The compensation shall be recoverable from the employer

who last employed the workman during the said twelve months in the employment to the nature of which the disease was due:

Provided that —

(i) the workman or his dependants if so required shall furnish that employer with such information as to the names and addresses of all the other employers who employed him in the employment during the said twelve months as he or they may possess, and, if such information is not furnished, or is not sufficient to enable that employer to take proceedings under the next following proviso, that employer upon proving that the disease was not contracted whilst the workman was in his employment shall not be liable to pay compensation; and

(ii) if that employer alleges that the disease was in fact contracted whilst the workman was in the employment of some other employer, and not whilst in his employment, he may join such other employer as a party to the arbitration, and if the allegation is proved that other employer shall be the employer from whom the compensation is to be recoverable; and

(iii) if the disease is of such a nature as to be contracted by a gradual process, any other employers, who during the said twelve months employed the workman in the employment to the nature of which the disease was due, shall be liable to make to the employer from whom compensation is recoverable such contributions as, in default of agreement, may be determined in the arbitration under this Act for settling the amount of the compensation;

(d) The amount of the compensation shall be calculated with reference to the earnings of the workman under the employer from whom the compensation is recoverable;

Ch. 58. Workmen's Compensation Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

(e) The employer to whom notice of the death, disablement, or suspension is to be given shall be the employer who last employed the workman during the said twelve months in the employment to the nature of which the disease was due, and the notice may be given notwithstanding that the workman has voluntarily left his employment;

(f) If an employer or a workman is aggrieved by the action of a certifying or other surgeon in giving or refusing to give a certificate of disablement or in suspending or refusing to suspend a workman for the purposes of this section, the matter shall in accordance with regulations made by the Secretary of State be referred to a medical referee, whose decision shall be final.

(2) If the workman at or immediately before the date of the disablement or suspension was employed in any process mentioned in the second column of the Third Schedule to this Act, and the disease contracted is the disease in the first column of that Schedule set opposite the description of the process, the disease, except where the certifying surgeon certifies that in his opinion the disease was not due to the nature of the employment, shall be deemed to have been due to the nature of that employment, unless the employer proves the contrary.

(3) The Secretary of State may make rules regulating the duties and fees of certifying and other surgeons (including dentists) under this section.

(4) For the purposes of this section the date of disablement shall be such date as the certifying surgeon certifies as the date on which the disablement commenced, or, if he is unable to certify such a date, the date on which the certificate is given:Provided that —

(a) Where the medical referee allows an appeal against a refusal by a certifying surgeon to give a certificate of disablement, the date of disablement shall be such date as the medical referee may determine:

(b) Where a workman dies without having obtained a certificate of disablement, or is at the time of death not in receipt of a weekly payment on account of disablement, it shall be the date of death.

(5) In such cases, and subject to such conditions as the Secretary of State may direct, a medical practitioner appointed by the Secretary of State for the purpose shall have the powers and duties of a certifying surgeon under this section, and this section shall be construed accordingly.

(6) The Secretary of State may make orders for extending the provisions of this section to other diseases and other processes, and to injuries due to the nature of any employment specified in the order not being injuries by accident, either without modification or subject to such modifications as may be contained in the order.

1906. Workmens Compensation, 1906. Ch. 58. 335

(7) Where, after inquiry held on the application of any employers or workmen engaged in any industry to which this section applies, it appears that a mutual trade insurance company or society for insuring against the risks under this section has been established for the industry, and that a majority of the employers engaged in that industry are insured against such risks in the company or society and that the company or society consents, the Secretary of State may, by Provisional Order, require all employers in that industry to insure in the company or society upon such terms and under such conditions and subject to such exceptions as may be set forth in the Order.

Where such a company or society has been established, but is confined to employers in any particular locality or of any particular class, the Secretary of State may for the purposes of this provision treat the industry, as carried on by employers in that locality or of that class, as a separate industry.

(8) A Provisional Order made under this section shall be of no force whatever unless and until it is confirmed by Parliament, and if, while the Bill confirming any such Order is pending in either House of Parliament, a petition is presented against the Order, the Bill may be referred to a Select Committee, and the petitioner shall be allowed to appear and oppose as in the case of Private Bills, and any Act confirming any Provisional Order under this section may be repealed, altered, or amended by a Provisional Order made and confirmed in like manner.

(9) Any expenses incurred by the Secretary of State in respect of any such Order, Provisional Order, or confirming Bill shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(10) Nothing in this section shall affect the rights of a workman to recover compensation in respect of a disease to which this section does not apply* if the disease is a personal injury by accident within the meaning of this Act.

9. — (1) This Act shall not apply to persons in the naval or Application to military service of the Crown, but otherwise shall apply to ^ent of

workmen employed by or under the Crown to whom this Act crown611 ° would apply if the employer were a private person:

Provided that in the case of a person employed in the private service of the Crown, the head of that department of the Royal Household in which he was employed at the time of the accident shall be deemed to be his employer.

(2) The Treasury may, by warrant laid before Parliament, modify for the purposes of this Act their warrant made under section one of the Superannuation Act, 1887, and notwith- 50 & 51 Vict, standing anything in that Act, or any such warrant, may frame Ci 67, schemes with a view to their being certified by the Registrar of Friendly Societies under this Act.

336

Cji. 58.

Workmen's Compensation Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

Appointment anti remuneration of medical referees and arbitrators.

Detention of ships.

57 & 58 Vict. c. <>0.

Returns as to compensation.

10. — (1) The Secretary of State may appoint such legally qualified medical practitioners to be medical referees for the purposes of this Act as he may, with the sanction of the Treasury, determine, and the remuneration of, and other expenses incurred by, medical referees under this Act shall, subject to regulations made by the Treasury, be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

Where a medical referee has been employed as a medical practitioner in connection with any case by or on behalf of an employer or workman or by any insurers interested, he shall not act as medical referee in that case.

(2) The remuneration of an arbitrator appointed by a judge of county courts under the Second Schedule to this Act shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament in accordance with regulations made by the Treasury.

11. — (1) If it is alleged that the owners of any ship are liable as such owners to pay compensation under this Act, and at any time that ship is found in any port or river of England or Ireland, or within three miles of the coast thereof, a judge of any court of record in England or Ireland may, upon its being shown to him by any person applying in accordance with the rules of the court that the owners are probably liable as such to pay such compensation, and that none of the owners reside in the United Kingdom, issue an order directed to any officer of customs or other officer named by the judge requiring him to detain the ship until such time as the owners, agent, master, or consignee thereof have paid such compensation, or have given security, to be approved by the judge, to abide the event of any proceedings that may be instituted to recover such compensation and to pay such compensation and costs as may be awarded thereon; and any officer of customs or other officer to whom the order is directed shall detain, the ship accordingly.

(2) In any legal proceeding to recover such compensation, the person giving security shall be made defendant, and the production of the order of the judge, made in relation to the security, shall be conclusive evidence of the liability of the defendant to the proceeding.

(3) Section six hundred and ninety-two of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, shall apply to the detention of a ship under this Act as it applies to the detention of a ship under that Act, and, if the owner of a ship is a corporation, it shall for the purposes of this section be deemed to reside in the United Kingdom if it has an office in the United Kingdom at which service of writs can be effected.

12. — (1) Every employer in any industry to which the Secretary of State may direct that this section shall apply shall, on or before such day in every year as the Secretary of State may direct, send to the Secretary of State a correct return specifying

1906.

Workmen'8 Compensation, 1906. Ch. 58.

337

the number of injuries in respect of which compensation has been paid by him under this Act during the previous year, and the amount of such compensation, together with such other particulars as to the compensation as the Secretary of State may direct, and in default of complying with this section shall be liable on conviction under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(2) Any regulations made by the Secretary of State containing such directions as aforesaid shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament as soon as may be after they are made.

13. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, —

" Employer " includes any body of persons corporate or unincorporate and the legal personal representative of a deceased employer, and, where the services of a workman are temporarily lent or let on hire to another person by the person with whom the workman has entered into a contract of service or apprenticeship, the latter shall, for the purposes of this Act, be deemed to continue to be the employer of the workman whilst he is working for that other person;

" Workman " does not include any person employed otherwise than by way of manual labour whose remuneration exceeds two hundred and fifty pounds a year, or a person whose employment is of a casual nature and who is employed otherwise than for the purposes of the employer’s trade or business, or a member of a police force, or an out worker, or a member of the employer’s family dwelling in his house, but, save as aforesaid, means any person who has entered into or works under a contract of service or apprenticeship with an employer, whether by way of manual labour, clerical work, or otherwise, and whether the contract is expressed or implied, is oral or in writing;

Any reference to a workman who has been injured shall, where the workman is dead, include a reference to his legal personal representative or to his dependants or other person to whom or for whose benefit compensation is payable;

" Dependants" means such of the members of the workman’s family as were wholly or in part dependent upon the earnings of the workman at the time of his death, or would but for the incapacity due to the accident have been so dependent, and where the workman, being the parent or grandparent of an illegitimate child, leaves such a child so dependent upon his earnings, or, being an illegitimate child, leaves a parent or grandparent so dependent upon his earnings, shall include such an illegitimate child and parent or grandparent respectively;

Definitions.

338

Ch. 58.

Workmen's Compensation Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 45.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 67.

Special provisions as to Scotland.

43 & 44 Vict. c. 42.

Provisions as to existing con tracts and schemes.

60 & 61 Vict. c. 37.

"Member of a family" means wife or husband, father, mother, grandfather, grandmother, step-father, stepmother, son, daughter, grandson, granddaughter, stepson, step-daughter, brother, sister, half-brother, half-sister;

" Ship, " " vessel, " " seaman, " and " port " have the same meanings as in the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894;

" Manager, " in relation to a ship, means the ship’s husband or other person to whom the management of the ship is entrusted by or on behalf of the owner;

"Police force" means a police force to which the Police Act, 1890, or the Police (Scotland) Act, 1890, applies, the City of London Police Force, the Royal Irish Constabulary, and the Dublin Metropolitan Police Force;

"Outworker" means a person to whom articles or materials are given out to be made up, cleaned, washed, altered, ornamented, finished, or repaired, or adapted for sale, in his own home or on other premises not under the control or management of the person who gave out the materials or articles;

The exercise and performance of the powers and duties of a local or other public authority shall, for the purposes of this Act, be treated as the trade or business of the authority;

"County court, " "judge of the county court, " "registrar of the county court, " " plaintiff, " and " rules of court, " as respects Scotland, mean respectively sheriff court, sheriff, sheriff clerk, pursuer, and act of sederunt.

14. In Scotland, where a workman raises an action against his employer independently of this Act in respect of any injury caused by accident arising out of and in the course of the employment, the action, if raised in the sheriff court and concluding for damages under the Employers’ Liability Act, 1880, or alternatively at common law or under the Employers’ Liability Act, 1880, shall, notwithstanding anything contained in that Act, not be removed under that Act or otherwise to the Court of Session, nor shall it be appealed to that court otherwise than by appeal on a question of law; and for the purposes of such appeal the provisions of the Second Schedule to this Act in regard to an appeal from the decision of the sheriff on any question of law determined by him as arbitrator under this Act shall apply.

15. — (1) Any contract (other than a contract substituting the provisions of a scheme certified under the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1897, for the provisions of that Act) existing at the commencement^of this Act, whereby a workman relinquishes any right to (Compensation from the employer for

1906. Workmens Compensation Act, 1906. Ch. 58. 339

personal injury arising out of and in the course of his employment, shall not, for the purposes of this Act, be deemed to continue after the time at which the workman’s contract of service would determine if notice of the determination thereof were given at the commencement of this Act.

(2) Every scheme under the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1897, in force at the commencement of this Act shall, if re-certified by the Registrar of Friendly Societies, have effect as if it were a scheme under this Act.

(3) The Registrar shall re-certify any such scheme if it is proved to his satisfaction that the scheme conforms, or has been so modified as to conform, with the provisions of this Act as to schemes.

(4) If any such scheme has not been so re-certified before the expiration of six months from the commencement of this Act, the certificate thereof shall be revoked.

16. — (1) This Act shall come into operation on the first day Commence-of July nineteen hundred and seven, but, except so far as it JJe^jaild relates to references to medical referees, and proceedings p consequential thereon, shall not apply in any case where the accident happened before the commencement of this Act.

(2) The Workmen’s Compensation Acts, 1897 and 1900, are'eo & 6i Vict, hereby repealed, but shall continue to apply to cases where the g33^'64 Vict accident happened before the commencement of this Act, except c. 22. to the extent to which this Act applies to those cases.

17. This Act may be cited as the Workmen’s Compensation short title. Act, 1906.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE. Section 1.

Scale and Conditions of Compensation.

(1) The amount of compensation under this Act shall be —

(a) where death results from the injury —

(i) if the workman leaves any dependants wholly dependent upon his earnings, a sum equal to his earnings in the employment of the same employer during the three years next preceding the injury, or the sum of one hundred and fifty pounds, whichever of those sums is the larger, but not exceeding in any case three hundred pounds, provided that the amount of any weekly payments made under this Act, and any lump sum paid in redemption thereof, shall be deducted

340 Ch. 58. Workmens Compensation Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

from such sum, and, if the period of the workman’s employment by the said employer has beeu less than the said three years, then the amount of his earnings during the said three years shall be deemed to be one hundred and fifty-six times his average weekly earnings during the period of his actual employment under the said employer;

(ii) if the workman does not leave any such dependants, but leaves any dependants in part dependent upon his earnings, such sum, not exceeding in any case the amount payable under the foregoing provisions, as may be agreed upon, or, in default of agreement, may be determined, on arbitration under this Act, to be reasonable and proportionate to the injury to the said dependants; and

(iii) if he leaves no dependants, the reasonable expenses of his medical attendance and burial, not exceeding ten pounds;

(iv) where total or partial incapacity, for work results from the injury, a weekly payment during the incapacity not exceeding fifty per cent, of his average weekly earnings during the previous twelve months, if he has been so long employed, but if not then for any less period during which he has been in the employment of the same employer, such weekly payment not to exceed one pound:

Provided that —

(a) if the incapacity lasts less than two weeks no compensation shall be payable in respect of the first week; and

(b) as respects the weekly payments during total incapacity of a workman who is under twenty-one years of age at the date of the injury, and whose average weekly earnings are less than twenty shillings, one hundred per cent, shall be substituted for fifty per cent, of his average weekly earnings, but the weekly payment shall in no case exceed ten shillings.

(2) For the purposes of the provisions of this schedule relating to "earnings" and "average weekly earnings" of a workman, the following rules shall be observed:—

(a) average weekly earnings shall be computed in such manner as is best calculated to give the rate per week at which the workman was being remunerated. Provided that where by reason of the shortness of the time during which the workman has been in the employment of his employer, or the casual nature of the employment, or the terms of the employment, it is impracticable at the date of the accident to compute the rate of remuneration, regard may be had to the average weekly amount which, during the twelve months previous to the accident, was being earned by a person in the same grade employed at the same work by the same employer, or, if there is no person so employed, by a person in the same grade employed in the same class of employment and in the same district;

(b) where the workman had entered into concurrent contracts of service with two or more employers under which he worked at one time for one such employer and at another time for another such employer, his average weekly earnings shall be computed as if his earnings under all such contracts were earnings in the employment of the employer for whom he was working at the time of the accident;

1906. Workmens Compensation Act, 1906. Ch. 58. 341

(c) employment by the same employer shall be taken to mean employment by the same employer in the grade in which the workman was employed at the time of the accident, uninterrupted by absence from work due to illness or any other unavoidable cause;

(d) where the employer has been accustomed to pay to the workman a sum to cover any special expenses entailed on him by the nature of his employment, the sum so paid shall not be reckoned as part of the earnings.

(3) In fixing the amount of the weekly payment, regard shall be had to any payment, allowance, or benefit which theworkmau may receive from the employer during the period of his incapacity, and in the case of partial incapacity the weekly payment shall in no case exceed the difference between the amount of the average weekly earnings of the workman before the accident and the average weekly amount which he is earning or is able to earn in some suitable employment or business after the accident, but shall bear such relation to the amount of that difference as under the circumstances of the case may appear proper.

(4) Where a workman has given notice of an accident, he shall, if so required by the employer, submit himself for examination by a duly qualified medical practitioner provided and paid by the employer, and, if he refuses to submit himself to such examination, or in any way obstructs the same, his right to compensation, and to take or prosecute any proceeding under this Act in relation to compensation, shall be suspended until such examination has taken place.

(5) The payment in the case of death shall, unless otherwise ordered as hereinafter provided, be paid into the county court, and any sum so paid into court shall, subject to rules of court and the provisions of this schedule, be invested, applied, or otherwise dealt with by the court in such manner as the court in its discretion thinks fit for the benefit of the persons entitled thereto under this Act, and the receipt of the registrar of the court shall be a sufficient discharge in respect of the amount paid in:

Provided that, if so agreed, the payment in case of death shall, if the workman leaves no dependants, be made to his legal personal representative, or, if he has no such representative, to the person to whom the expenses of medical attendance and burial are due.

(6) Rules of court may provide for the transfer of money paid into court under this Act from one court to another, whether or not the court from which it is to be transferred is in the same part of the United Kingdom as the court to which it is to be transferred.

(7) Where a weekly payment is payable under this Act to a person under any legal disability, a county court may, on application being made in accordance with rules of court, order that the weekly payment be paid during the disability into court, and the provisions of this schedule with respect to sums required by this schedule to be paid into court shall apply to sums paid into court in pursuance of any such order.

(8) Any question as to who is a dependant shall, in default of agreement, be settled by arbitration under this Act, or, if not so settled before payment into court under this schedule, shall be settled by the county court, and the amount payable to each dependant shall be settled by arbitration under this Act, or, if not so settled before payment into court under this schedule, by the county court. Where there are both total and partial dependants nothing in this schedule shall be construed as preventing the compensation being allotted partly to the total and partly to the partial dependants.

342

Ch. 58.

Workmen's Compensation Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

(9) Where, on application being made in accordance with rules of court, it appears to a county court that, on account of neglect of children on the part of a widow, or on account of the variation of the circumstances of the various dependants, or for any other sufficient cause, an order of the court or an award as to the apportionment amongst the several dependants of any sum paid as compensation, or as to the manner in which any sum payable to any such dependant is to be invested, applied, or otherwise dealt with, ought to be varied, the court may make such order for the variation of the former order or the award, as in the circumstances of the case the court may think just.

(10) Any sum which under this schedule is ordered to be invested may be invested in whole or in part in the Post Office Savings Bank by the registrar of the county court in his name as registrar.

(11) Any sum to be so invested may be invested in the purchase of an annuity from the National Debt Commissioners through the Post Office Savings Bank, or be accepted by the Postmaster-General as a deposit in the name of the registrar as such, and the provisions of any statute or regulations respecting the limits of deposits in savings banks, and the declaration to be made by a depositor, shall not apply to such sums.

(12) No part of any money invested in the name of the registrar of any county court in the Post Office Savings Bank under this Act shall be paid out, except upon authority addressed to the Postmaster-General by the Treasury or, subject to regulations of the Treasury, by the judge or registrar of the county court.

(13) Any person deriving any benefit from any moneys invested in a post office savings bank under the provisions of this Act may, nevertheless, open an account in a post office savings bank or in any other savings bank in his own name without being liable to any penalties imposed by any statute or regulations in respect of the opening of accounts in two savings banks, or of two accounts in the same savings bank.

(14) Any workman receiving weekly payments under this Act shall, if so required by the employer, from time to time submit himself for examination by a duly qualified medical practitioner provided and paid by the employer. If the workman refuses to submit himself to such examination, or in any way obstructs the same, his right to such weekly payments shall be suspended until such examination has taken place.

(15) A workman shall not be required to submit himself for examination by a medical practitioner under paragraph (4) or paragraph (14) of this schedule otherwise than in accordance with regulations made by the Secretary of State, or at more frequent intervals than may be prescribed by those regulations.

Where a workman has so submitted himself for examination by a medical practitioner, or has been examined by a medical practitioner selected by himself, and the employer or the workman, as the case may be, has within six days after such examination furnished the other with a copy of the report of that practitioner as to the workman’s condition, then, in the event of no agreement being come to between the employer and the workman as to the workman’s condition or fitness for employment, the registrar of a county court, on application being made to the court by both parties, may, on payment by the applicants of such fee not exceeding one pound as may be prescribed, refer the matter to a medical referee.

The medical referee to whom the matter is so referred shall, in accordance with regulations made by the Secretary of State, give a certificate as to the condition of the workman and his fitness for employment, specifying,

1906. Workmens Compensation, 1906. Ch. 58.

where necessary, the kind of employment for which he is fit, and that certificate shall be conclusive evidence as to the matters so certified.

Where no agreement can be come to between the employer and the workman as to whether or to what extent the incapacity of the workman is due to the accident, the provisions of this paragraph shall, subject to any regulations made by the Secretary of State, apply as if the question were a question as to the condition of the workman.

If a workman, on being required so to do, refuses to submit himself for examination by a medical referee to whom the matter has been so referred as aforesaid, or in any way obstructs the same, his right to compensation and to take or prosecute any proceeding under this Act in relation to compensation, or, in the case of a workman in receipt of a weekly payment, *bis right to that weekly payment, shall be suspended until such examination has taken place.

Rules of court may be made for prescribing the manner in which documents are to be furnished or served and applications made under this paragraph and the forms to be used for those purposes and, subject to the consent of the Treasury, as to the fee to be paid under this paragraph.

(16) Any weekly payment may be reviewed at the request either of the employer or of the workman, and on such review may be ended, diminished, or increased, subject to the maximum above provided, and the amount of payment shall, in default of agreement, be settled by arbitration under this Act:

Provided that where the workman was at the date of the accident under twenty-one years of age and the review takes place more than twelve months after the accident, the amount of the weekly payment may be increased to any amount not exceeding fifty per cent, of the weekly sum which the workman would probably have been earning at the date of the review if he had remained uninjured, but not in any case exceeding one pound.

(17) Where any weekly payment has been continued for not less than six months, the liability therefor may, on application by or on behalf of the employer, be redeemed by the payment of a lump sum of such an amount as, where the incapacity is permanent, would, if invested in the purchase of au immediate life annuity from the National Debt Commissioners through the Post Office Savings Bank, purchase an annuity for the workman equal to seventy-five per cent, of the annual value of the weekly payment, and as in any other case may be settled by arbitration under this Act, and such lump sum may be ordered by the committee or arbitrator or judge of the county court to be invested or otherwise applied for the benefit of the person entitled thereto:Provided that nothing in this paragraph shall be construed as preventing agreements being made for the redemption of a weekly payment by a lump sum.

(18) If a workman receiving a weekly payment ceases to reside in the United Kingdom, he shall thereupon cease to be entitled to receive any weekly payment, unless the medical referee certifies that the incapacity resulting from the injury is likely to be of a permanent nature. If the medical referee so certifies, the workman shall be entitled to receive quarterly the amount of the weekly payments accruing due during the preceding quarter so long as he proves, in such manner and at such intervals as may be prescribed by rules of court, his identity and the continuance of the incapacity in respect of which the weekly payment is payable.

(19) A weekly payment, or a sum paid by way of redemption thereof, shall not be capable of being assigned, charged, or attached, and shall not

344

Ch. 58.

Workmen's Compensation Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

59 & 60 Vict. c. 25.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 56.

Sections 1, 14.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 49.

pass to any other person by operation of law, nor shall any claim be set off against the same.

(20) Where under this schedule a right to compensation is suspended no compensation shall be payable in respect of the period of suspension.

(21) Where a scheme certified under this Act provides for payment of compensation by a friendly society, the provisions of the proviso to the first subsection of. section eight, section sixteen, and section forty-one of the Friendly Societies Act, 1896, shall not apply to such society in respect of such scheme.

(22) In the application of this Act to Ireland the provisions of the County Officers and Courts (Ireland) Act, 1877, with respect to money deposited in the Post Office Savings Bank under that Act shall apply to money invested in the Post Office Savings Bank under this Act.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Arbitration, &o.

(1) For the purpose of settling any matter which under this Act is to be settled by arbitration, if any committee, representative of an employer and his workmen, exists with power to settle matters under this Act in the case of the employer and workmen, the matter shall, unless either party objects by notice in writing sent to the other party before the committee meet to consider the matter, be settled by the arbitration of such committee, or be referred by them in their discretion to arbitration as herein-after provided.

(2) If either party so objects, or there is no such committee, or the committee so refers the matter or fails to settle the matter within six months from the date of the claim, the matter shall be settled by a single arbitrator agreed on by the parties, or in the absence of agreement by the judge of the county court, according to the procedure prescribed by rules of court.

(3) In England the matter, instead of being settled by the judge of the county court, may, if the Lord Chancellor so authorises, be settled according to the like procedure, by a single arbitrator appointed by that judge, and the arbitrator so appointed shall, for the purposes of this Act, have all the powers of that judge.

(4) The Arbitration Act, 1889, shall not apply to any arbitration under this Act; but a committee or an arbitrator may, if they or he think fit, submit any question of law for the decision of the judge of the county court, and the decision of the judge on any question of law, either on such submission, or in any case where he himself settles the matter under this Act, or where he gives any decision or makes any order under this Act, shall be final, unless within the time and in accordance with the conditions prescribed by rules of the Supreme Court either party appeals to the Court of Appeal; and the judge of the county court, or the arbitrator appointed by him, shall, for the purpose of proceedings under this Act, have the same powers of procuring the attendance of witnesses and the production of documents as if the proceedings were an action in the county court.

(5) A judge of county courts may, if he thinks fit, summon a medical referee to sit with him as an assessor.

1906.

Workmen's Compensation Act, 1906. Ch. 58.

(6) Rules of court may make provision for the appearance in any arbitration under this Act of any party by some other person.

(7) The costs of and incidental to the arbitration and proceedings connected therewith shall be in the discretion of the committee, arbitrator, or judge of the county court, subject as respects such judge and an arbitrator appointed by him to rules of court. The costs, whether before a committee or an arbitrator or in the county court, shall not exceed the limit prescribed by rules of court, and shall be taxed in manner prescribed by those rules and such taxation may be reviewed by the judge of the county court.

(8) In the case of the death, or refusal or inability to act, of an arbitrator, the judge of the county court may, on the application of any party, appoint a new arbitrator.

(9) Where the amount of compensation under this Act has been ascertained, or any weekly payment varied, or any other matter decided under this Act, either by a committee or by an arbitrator or by agreement, a memorandum thereof shall be sent, in manner prescribed by rules of court, by the committee or arbitrator, or by any party interested, to the registrar of the county court who shall, subject to such rules, on being satisfied as to its genuineness, record such memorandum in a special register without fee, and thereupon the memorandum shall for all purposes be enforceable as a county court judgment.

Provided that —

(a) no such memorandum shall be recorded before seven days after the despatch by the registrar of notice to the parties interested; and

(b) where a workman seeks to record a memorandum of agreement between his employer and himself for the payment of compensation under this Act and the employer, in accordance with rules of court, proves that the workman has in fact returned to work and is earning the same wages as he did before the accident, and objects to the recording of such memorandum, the memorandum shall only be recorded, if at all, on such terms as the judge of the county court, under the circumstances, may think just; and

(c) the judge of the county court may at any time rectify the register; and

(d) where it appears to the registrar of the county court, on any information which he considers sufficient, that an agreement as to the redemption of a weekly payment by a lump sum, or an agreement as to the amount of compensation payable to a person under any legal disability, or to dependants, ought not to be registered by reason of the inadequacy of the sum or amount, or by reason of the agreement having been obtained by fraud or undue influence, or other improper means, he may refuse to record the memorandum of the agreement sent to him for registration, and refer the matter to the judge who shall, in accordance with rules of court, make such order (including an order as to any sum already paid under the agreement) as under the circumstances he may think just; and

(e) the judge may, within six months after a memorandum of an agreement as to the redemption of a weekly payment by a lump sum, or of an agreement as to the amount of compen* sation payable to a person under any legal disability, or to

z

346

Ch. 58.

Workmens Compensation, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

dependants, has been recorded in the register, order that the ' record be removed from the register on proof to his satis* faction that the agreement was obtained by fraud or undue influence or other improper means, and may make such order (including an order as to any sum already paid under the agreement) as under the circumstances he may think just.

(10) An agreement as to the redemption of a weekly payment by a lump sum if not registered in accordance with this Act shall not, nor shall the payment of the sum payable under the agreement, exempt the person by whom the weekly payment is payable from liability to continue to make that weekly payment, and an agreement as to the amount of compensation to be paid to a person under a legal disability or to dependants, if not so registered, shall not, nor shall the payment of the sum payable under the agreement, exempt the person by whom the compensation is payable from liability to pay compensation, unless, in either case, he proves that the failure to register was not due to any neglect or default on his part.

(11) Where any matter under this Act is to be done in a county court, or by, to, or before the judge or registrar of a county court, then, unless the contrary intention appear, the same shall, subject to rules of court, be done

# in, or by, to, or before the judge or registrar of, the county court of the district in which all the parties concerned reside, or if they reside in different districts the district prescribed by rules of court, without prejudice to any transfer in manner provided by rules of court.

(12) The duty of a judge of county courts under this Act, or in England of an arbitrator appointed by him, shall, subject to rules of court, be part of the duties of the county court, and the officers of the court shall act accordingly, and rules of court may be made both for any purpose for which this Act authorises rules of court to be made, and also generally for carrying into effect this Act so far as it affects the county court, or an arbitrator appointed by the judge of the county court, and proceedings in the county court or before any such arbitrator, and such rules may, in England, be made by the five judges of county courts appointed for the making of rules under section one hundred and sixty-four of the County Courts Act, 1888, and wheu allowed by the Lord Chancellor, as provided by that section, shall have full effect without any further consent.

(13) No court fee, except such as may be prescribed under paragraph (15) of the First Schedule to this Act, shall be payable by any party in respect of any proceedings by or against a workman under this Act in the court prior to the award.

(14) Any sum awarded as compensation shall, unless paid into court under this Act, be paid on the receipt of the person to whom it is payable under any agreement or award, and the solicitor or agent of a person claiming compensation under this Act shall not be entitled to recover from him any costs in respect of any proceedings in an arbitration under this Act, or to claim a lien in respect of such costs on, or deduct such costs from, the sum awarded or agreed as compensation, except such sum as may be awarded by the committee, the arbitrator, or the judge of the county court, on an application made either by the person claiming compensation, or by his solicitor or agent, to determine the amount of costs to be paid to the solicitor or agent, such sum to be awarded subject to taxation and to the scale of costs prescribed by rules of court.

(15) Any committee, arbitrator, or judge may, subject to regulations made by the Secretary of State and the Treasury, submit to a medical referee for report any matter which seems material to any question arising in the arbitration.

1906. Workmens Compensation Act, 1906. Ch. 58.; U7

(16) The Secretary of State may, by order, either unconditionally or subject to such conditions or modifications as he may think fit, confer on any committee representative of an employer and his workmen, as respects any matter in which the committee act as arbitrators, or which is settled by agreement submitted to and approved by the committee, all or any of the powers conferred by this Act exclusively on county courts or judges of county courts, and may by the order provide how and to whom the compensation money is to be paid in cases where, but for the order, the money would be required to be paid into court, and the order may exclude from the operation of provisoes (d) and (e) of paragraph (9) of this Schedule agreements submitted to and approved by the committee, and may contain such incidental, consequential, or supplemental provisions as may appear to the Secretary of State to be necessary or proper for the purposes of the order.

(17) In the application of this Schedule to Scotland —

(a) "County court judgment" as used in paragraph (9) of this Schedule means a recorded decree arbitral:

(b) Any application to the sheriff as arbitrator shall be heard, tried,

and determined summarily in the manner provided by section fifty-two of the Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1876, save only 39 & 49 Vict. that parties may be represented by any person authorised in c. 70. writing to appear for them and subject to the declaration that it shall be competent to either party within the time and in accordance with the conditions prescribed by act of sederunt to require the sheriff to state a case on any question of law determined by him, and his decision thereon in such case may be submitted to either division of the Court of Session, who may hear and determine the same and remit to the sheriff with instruction as to the judgment to be pronounced, and an appeal shall lie from either of such divisions to the House of Lords:

(c) Paragraphs (3), (4), and (8) shall not apply.

(18) In the application of this schedule to Ireland the expression "judge of the county court " shall include the recorder of any city or town, and an appeal shall lie from the Court of Appeal to the House of Lords.

THIRD SCHEDULE. sections.

Description of Disease. Description of Process.

Anthrax - Handling of wool, hair, bristles, hides, and skins.#

Lead poisoning or its sequelae - Any process involving the use of lead or its preparations or compounds.

Mercury poisoning or its sequelae Any process involving the use of mercury or its preparations or compounds.

Ch. 58. Workmens Compensation Act, 1906. 6 Edw. 7.

[1906.

Description of Disease. Description of Process.

Phosphorus poisoning or its sequelae. Any process involving the use of phosphorus or its preparations or compounds.

Arsenic poisoning or its sequelae Any process involving the use of arsenic or its preparations or compounds.

Ankylostomiasis Mining.

Where regulations or special rules made under any Act of Parliament for the protection of persons employed in any industry against the risk of contracting lead poisoning require some or all of the persons employed in certain processes specified in the regulations or special rules to be periodically examined by a certifying or other surgeon, then, in the application of this schedule to that industry, the expression "process" shall, unless the Secretary of State otherwise directs, include only the processes so specified.

---

349

TABLE II.

A

TABLE

OF

The Titles of the Local and Private Acts (including the Public Acts of a Local Character) passed during the Session (arranged according to chapter)

6 EDWARD 7. — A.D. 1906.

LOCAL ACTS.

The Titles to which the Letter P. is prefixed are Public Acts of a Local Character.

Royal Assent, 29th May 1906.

i. AN Act to make further provision with respect to the capital of the Crystal Palace Company and to empower them to raise additional capital. (Crystal Palace Company's.)

ii. An Act to alter the constitution of the Dover Harbour Board. (Dover Harbour Board.)

iii. An Act for authorising the Kidderminster Gas Light and Coke Company to alter their name to construct new gasworks to provide for the conversion and consolidation of certain of their existing capital to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Kidderminster Gas.)

iv. An Act to confirm the capitalisation in past years of certain profits of H. R. Baines and Company Limited and for other purposes. (H. R. Baines and Company's.)

v. An Act for rendering valid certain letters patent granted to Samuel Mathews Vauclain for an invention for improvements in compound steam locomotives (Vauclain's Patent.)

vi. An Act to provide for the granting of superannuation allowances to the officers and servants of the Council of the metropolitan borough of Bethnal Green and for other purposes. (Bethnal Green Borough Council (Superannuation).)

vii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Millwall Dock Company with respect to superfluous lands. (Millwall Dock.)

viii. An Act to provide for the conversion of the stock of the Antofagasta (Chili) and Bolivia Railway Company Limited into five per centum per annum cumulative preference stock preferred ordinary stock and deferred ordinary stock and for other purposes. (Antofagasta (Chili) and Bolivia Railway Company Limited (Conversion of Stock).)

ix. An Act to make further and better provision for the execution of the powers and duties of the Guardians of the Standard of Wrought Plate in Sheffield. (Sheffield Assay.)

x. An Act for authorising a lease of the Manchester and Milford Railway to, the Great Western Railway Company and for other purposes. (Manchester and Milford Railway (Leasing).)

xi. An Act to provide for the winding up and dissolution of the North Metropolitan Tramways Company and for other purposes. (North Metropolitan Tramways (Winding up).)

xii. An Act to empower the Corporation of Carlisle to acquire additional lands for the purposes of their Geltsdale Waterworks to extend the time for the completion of those works to authorise the Corporation to borrow further moneys for the purposes of their gas and water undertakings and for other purposes. (Carlisle Corporation.)

xiii. An Act to repeal the deeds of settlement of the Essex and Suffolk Equitable Insurance Society from the date of its registration as a limited company and to enlarge the scope of operations of the Society and to make provision for the future government of the Society and the management of its affairs and for other purposes. (Essex and Suffolk Equitable Insurance Society Limited.)

xiv. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Milford Docks Company to extend the time limited for the completion of a certain work to enable the Company to acquire lands compulsorily and for other purposes. (Milford Docks.)

xv. An Act for conferring further powers on the Mirfield Gas Company. (Mirfield Gas.)

xvi. An Act to empower the urban district council of Thornton in the county palatine of Lancaster to supply gas and to provide for the transfer to the Council of such portion of the gasworks undertaking and plant of the Poulton-le-Fylde Urban District Council as is contained within the urban district of Thornton and for other purposes. (Thornton Urban District Gas.)

xvii. An Act to authorise the Accrington District Gas and Water Board to make new waterworks and for other purposes. (Accrington District Gas and Water Board.)

xviii. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Great Eastern Railway Company for authorising the abandonment of certain works for extending the time limited by former Acts for the completion of works and the purchase of lands and for other purposes. (Great Eastern Railway.)

xix. An Act for extending the period limited by the Knott End Railway Act 1898 for the construction and completion of the railway by that Act authorised; and for other purposes. (Knott End Railway (Extension of Time).)

P. xx. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the County of Aberdeen (Monymusk Bridge and Road). (County of Aberdeen (Monymusk Bridge and Road) Order Confirmation.)

P. xxi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Cathcart District Railway. (Cathcart District Railway (Superfluous Lands) Order Confirmation.)

P. xxii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to North Berwick Corporation. (North Berwick Corporation Order Confirmation.)

P. xxiii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State under the Metropolitan Police Act 1886 relating to Lands in the Borough of Deptford and the Royal Borough of Kensington. (Metropolitan Police Provisional Order Confirmation.)

Royal Assent, 22nd June 1906.

P. xxiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Waterford. (Elective Lighting Order Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. xxv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Abercarn Barry (Amendment) Bettwsycoed Blaydon (Amendment) Calverley (Amendment) Farsley Foots Cray (Amendment) Horsford (Amendment) Market Harborough and Wembley. (Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. xxvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State under the Provisional Order (Marriages) Act 1905. (Provisional Order (Marriages) Confirmation.)

P. xxvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Great North of Scotland Railway. (Great North of Scotland Railway Order Confirmation.)

P. xxviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Urban District of Sligo and the Counties of Kildare and Limerick. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

xxix. An Act to confer further powers upon the Holyhead Waterworks Company and for other purposes. (Holyhead Water.)

xxx. An Act to effect a fusion of the undertaking of the Scottish Imperial Insurance Company with that of the Norwich Union Life Insurance Society and for other purposes. (Norwich Union Life Insurance Society (Scottish Imperial Fusion).)

xxxi. An Act to amend the provisions of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway (New Works and Additional Powers) Act 1871 with respect to Superannuation Fund. (Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway (Superannuation Fund).)

xxxii. An Act to amend the Mersey Railway Act 1900 and for other purposes. (Mersey Railway.)

xxxiii. An Act to empower the North Sussex Gas Company to supply water in certain parishes in Sussex and to confer further powers upon that Company. (North Sussex Gas and Water.)

xxxiv. An Act to authorise the Preston Chorley and Horwich Tramways Company to acquire lands for road widenings to abandon a portion of their authorised tramways and to construct other works in lieu thereof to extend the period limited for construction of works and land purchases and for other purposes. (Preston Chorley and Horwich Tramways.)

xxxv. An Act to authorise the urban district council of New Mills to purchase the Ollerset Waterworks undertaking and such portion of the waterworks and plant of the Stockport Corporation as is within the district of the Council and to supply water throughout their district and to make further provision in regard to the gas undertaking of the Council and for other purposes. (New Mills Urban Distinct Council.)

xxxvi. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers upon the North East Lincolnshire Water Company and for other purposes. (North East Lincolnshire Water.)

xxxvii. An Act to effect a fusion of the life assurance and annuity business of the National Assurance Company of Ireland with the undertaking of the Yorkshire Fire and Life Insurance Company and for other purposes. (National Assurance Company of Ireland.)

xxxviii. An Act to extend the time for purchasing lands and for the construction and completion of certain tramways street widenings and works authorised by the South Lancashire Tramways Acts 1900 1901 and 1903 and for other purposes. (South Lancashire Tramways.)

xxxix. An Act to enable the Scottish Provident Institution Buildings Limited to pay interest out of capital on certain of their shares and for other purposes. (Scottish Provident Institution Buildings Limited.)

xl. An Act to authorise the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board to construct additional dock and other works and for other purposes. (Mersey Docks and Harbour Board.)

Royal Assent, 20th July 1906.

xli. An Act to extend the powers and to change the name of the Maryport Harbour Company and for other purposes. (Maryport Railways and Docks.)

xlii. An Act to authorise the Southampton Gaslight and Coke Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Southampton Gas.)

xliii. An Act to remove the restrictions in respect of sulphur compounds (other than sulphuretted hydrogen) now imposed upon certain gas companies. (Gas Companies (Removal of Sulphur Restrictions).)

xliv. An Act to make provision for dealing with the arrears of dividend on the preference and second preference shares of the Buenos Ayres Grand National Tramways Company Limited and the accumulated balance to the debit of its revenue account and for the increase and re-arrangement of its capital and for other purposes. (Buenos Ayres Grand National Tramways Company's.)

xlv. An Act to provide for the incorporation of a Company for providing accommodation for trans-channel traffic and for other purposes. (Channel Ferry (Dover).)

xlvi. An Act to confer additional powers upon the Hull Joint Dock Committee for the construction of dock works and upon the North Eastern Railway Company for the construction of new railways and for other purposes. (Hull Joint Dock.)

xlvii. An Act for rendering valid certain letters patent granted to John Caesar Crellin for inventions for (1) an appliance for raising lowering supporting and transporting portions of machinery and the like (2) improvements relating to lifting-jacks and (3) improved apparatus for raising lowering supporting and transporting portions of machinery and like uses. (Crellin's Patents.)

xlviii. An Act to transfer the Lower School of Lawrence Sheriff at Rugby to the governors of the Lower School of Lawrence Sheriff Rugby constituted by this Act and for other purposes. (Rugby Lower School (Transfer).)

xlix. An Act to authorise the corporation of Haslingden to construct and work tramways and to make further provision for the improvement local government and health of the borough of Haslingden and for other purposes. (Haslingden Corporation.)

l. An Act to enlarge the powers of the North and South Shields Electric Railway Company with reference to the acquisition of lands and the construction of works. (North and South Shields Electric Railway.)

li. An Act to empower the Brixham Gas Company to supply electricity and to confer further powers on the Company, (Brixham Gas and Electricity.)

lii. An Act to confer further powers on the Barry Railway Company. (Barry Railway.)

liii. An Act for conferring further powers on the Sutton Southcoates and Drypool Gas Company. (East Hull Gas.)

liv. An Act to authorise the Cambrian Railways Company to acquire additional lands and to extend the time for the completion of the railway authorised by the Cambrian Railways Act 1901 and for other purposes. (Cambrian Railways.)

lv. An Act to empower the Metropolitan District Railway Company to construct new railways and a subway to acquire lands to raise further capital and for other purposes. (Metropolitan District Railway.)

lvi. An Act to authorise the transfer to the Hull and Barnsley and Great Central Railway Companies of certain works authorised by the Hull Barnsley and West Riding Junction Railway and Dock (South Yorkshire Extension Lines) Act 1902 and to the Great Central Railway Company of the undertaking of the Rotherham Maltby and Laughton Railway Company to empower the Hull and Barnsley Railway Company to construct a new railway and to acquire additional lands and for other purposes. (Hull and Barnsley and Great Central Railway Companies.)

lvii. An Act to authorise the Trent Navigation Company to construct certain new works for improving the navigation of the River Trent between Wilden Ferry and Gainsborough to confer further powers upon the Company and for other purposes. (Trent Navigation.)

lviii. An Act to authorise the Merthyr Tydfil Gas Company to construct new works to raise additional capital to convert their existing capital and for other purposes. (Merthyr Tydfil Gas.)

lix. An Act to provide for matters consequent on the purchase by the Secretary of State in Council of India of the railways and other property of the Bombay Baroda and Central India Railway Company and for other purposes. (Bombay Baroda and Central India Railway.)

lx. An Act to extend the time limited for the purchase of lands and for the construction and completion of the tramways street widenings and works authorised by the Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Tramways Act 1903 and for other purposes. (Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Tramways.)

lxi. An Act to transfer to the urban district council of Clacton the powers and property of the commissioners appointed under the provisions of the Clacton-on-Sea Special Drainage District Act 1880 to enable them to construct further sea defence works and for other purposes. (Clacton Urban District Council (Transfer of Powers of Clacton-on-Sea Commissioners).)

lxii. An Act to confer further powers on the Newport Harbour Commissioners and for other purposes. (Newport Harbour.)

lxiii. An Act to authorise increased contributions to the Railway Clearing System Superannuation Fund Corporation by the railway companies and bodies contributing thereto. (Railway Clearing System Superannuation Fund (Contributing Companies).)

lxiv. An Act to authorise the Sheffield District Railway Company to enter into and carry into effect working and other agreements and for other purposes. (Sheffield District Railway.)

lxv. An Act to extend the time for the construction of works and the acquisition of lands authorised by the Kettering Urban District Water Act 1901 to provide for the transfer of the water undertaking of the Kettering Urban District Council in the parish of Weekley to the Kettering Rural District Council and for other purposes. (Kettering Water.)

lxvi. An Act to authorise the corporation of Bury to construct additional tramways within and beyond the borough and for other purposes. (Bury Corporation.)

lxvii. An Act to make further provisions with respect to the Gas supplied by the South Suburban Gas Company and the price to be charged therefor and for other purposes. (South Suburban Gas.)

lxviii. An Act to authorise the Hull and Barnsley Railway Company to provide and work steam vessels between the port of Hull and certain continental ports and to subscribe to the funds of steamship companies and for other purposes. (Hull and Barnsley Railway (Steam Vessels).)

lxix. An Act to authorise the closing and sale of certain churches in the city of Manchester the extinction of certain ecclesiastical parishes and the merger thereof in other parishes in the said city and for other purposes. (Manchester Churches.)

lxx. An Act to incorporate the Penllwyn Railway Company and for other purposes. (Penllwyn Railway.)

lxxi. An Act to confer further powers upon the Metropolitan Railway Company and for other purposes. (Metropolitan Railway.)

lxxii. An Act to extend the time for taking certain lands and for the construction of certain street works and a tramway authorised by the Dover Corporation Act 1901 to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Dover to execute a further street work in connexion with such works and for other purposes. (Dover Corporation.)

lxxiii. An Act for conferring further powers upon the London and North Western Railway Company in relation to their own undertaking and upon that Company in conjunction with the Great Western Railway Company the Caledonian Railway Company the Great Northern Railway Company and the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company in relation to their respective joint undertakings and for other purposes. (London and North Western Railway.)

lxxiv. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers upon the Dowlais Gas and Coke Company Limited and for other purposes. (Dowlais Gas.)

lxxv. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Epsom and Ewell Gas Company. (Epsom and Ewell Gas.)

lxxvi. An Act to empower the Corporation of the county borough of Waterford to acquire the existing toll bridge and ferry rights over the River Suir at Waterford to enable them to borrow moneys and for other purposes. (Waterford Corporation and Bridge.)

lxxvii. An Act to authorise the Great Central Railway Company to acquire the Lancashire Derbyshire and East Coast Railway to construct new railways and works in connection therewith and for other purposes. (Great Central and Derbyshire Railways.)

lxxviii. An Act to amend extend and define the borrowing powers of the Urban District Council of Newtownards in the county of Down to improve and enlarge the gas undertaking of the said Council and to make further provisions for the local government of their district. (Newtownards Urban District Council.)

lxxix. An Act to confer additional powers upon the Midland Railway Company for the construction of works and upon that Company and the Midland and Great Northern Railways Joint Committee for the acquisition of lands to provide for the vesting of the undertaking of the Halesowen Railway Company in the Midland Railway Company and the Great Western Railway Company and for other purposes. (Midland Railway)

lxxx. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Uxbridge and Hillingdon Gas Consumers Company and for other purposes. (Uxbridge Gas.)

lxxxi. An Act to confirm an agreement between the Dublin Wicklow and Wexford Railway Company and the Dublin and Kingstown Railway Company and to confer powers on the Dublin Wicklow and Wexford Railway Company as to the alteration conversion and consolidation of their existing debenture preference and ordinary stocks and as to capital and borrowing powers and other matters to change the name of the Company and of their undertaking and for other purposes. (Dublin Wicklow and Wexford Railway.)

lxxxii. An Act for conferring further powers on the Scottish Union and National Insurance Company and for effecting certain amendments of the Acts which regulate the Company and for other purposes. (Scottish Union and National Insurance Company's.)

lxxxiii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Cheltenham Gas Light and Coke Company and to make further provisions with reference to the undertaking of that Company. (Cheltenham Gas.)

lxxxiv. An Act to confer further powers on the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the county borough of Huddersfield with respect to the disposal of trade refuse for the construction of tramways and street works and in regard to streets buildings sewers and sanitary matters and for the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes. (Huddersfield Corporation.)

lxxxv. An Act to confer further powers upon the London and South Western Railway Company to authorise them to execute further works to acquire additional lands to empower that Company and the Midland Railway Company or one of them to acquire additional lands in respect of an undertaking in which they are jointly interested for amalgamating the Waterloo and City Railway Company and the Axminster and Lyme Regis Light Railway Company with the London and South Western Railway Company and for other purposes. (South Western Railway.)

lxxxvi. An Act to empower the London County Council to acquire lands for county offices and to construct an embankment in the River Thames and for other purposes. (County Office Site (London).)

lxxxvii. An Act to confer further powers on the Metropolitan Water Board with reference to their undertaking. (Metropolitan Water Board.)

lxxxviii. An Act for conferring further powers on the North East London Railway Company and for other purposes. (North East London Railway.)

lxxxix. An Act for consolidating the capital of the Peterborough Gas Company for enabling that Company to acquire additional lands and to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Peterborough Gas.)

xc. An Act to confer further powers on the Cardiff Gas Light and Coke Company. (Cardiff Gas.)

xci. An Act to confer further powers upon the Lord Mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Manchester with reference to the construction of waterworks and the acquisition of lands and for other purposes. (Manchester Corporation.)

xcii. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Cumberland Electricity and Power-Gas Company and for other purposes. (Cumberland Electricity and Power-Gas.)

xciii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Folkestone Electricity Supply Company Limited with respect to the supply of electricity in the urban districts of Folkestone and Sandgate and the borough of Hythe and for other purposes. (Folkestone and District Electricity Supply.)

xciv. An Act to empower the Glamorgan County Council to make inquiries and surveys with a view to the utilisation of water supplies in South Wales and for other purposes. (Glamorgan and South Wales Water.)

xcv. An Act to authorise the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company to widen certain railways and to construct other works to acquire additional lands and for other purposes. (Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway (Powers).)

xcvi. An Act for uniting into one drainage district the two drainage districts in the parish of Warboys in the county of Huntingdon known as the First and Third Drainage Districts constituted under an Act of the fifteenth year of King George the Third chapter fifteen and to amend that Act and for other purposes. (Warboys (Union of Districts) Drainage.)

xcvii. An Act to confer further powers on the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the county borough of Newport with regard to the health improvement and good government of the borough and for other purposes. (Newport Corporation.)

P. xcviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation.Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Forfar Corporation Water. (Forfar Corporation Water Order Confirmation.)

P. xcix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1861 relating to lands in the Parishes of Belton and West Butterwick in the County of Lincoln (Parts of Lindsey). (Land Drainage Provisional Order Confirmation.)

P. c. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bath Cheshunt Hove (two) Nantwich Oystermouth and Tamworth (Rural). (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. ci. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Ashton - in - Makerfield Cardigan Darlington Hoy lake and West Kirby Plymouth Salford Sutton in Ashfield Totnes and Tyldesley with Shakerley. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. cii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the C' al Government Board relating to the Brighouse the Guisborough and the Hemel Hempstead Joint Hospital Districts. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. ciii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Belper (Rural) Blaby (Rural) Ealing Harrogate Ilfracombe and Runcorn. (Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. civ. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Beckenham Oswaldtwistle Rochdale Rochford (Rural) and Warrington. (Government Boards Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

P. cv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Smethwick. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 6).)

P. cvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Carnarvon Sheffield the South West Gloucestershire United Districts and Whitby. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 7).)

P. cvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Bury Saint Edmunds Incorporation. (Local Government Boards Order Confirmation (Poor Law).)

P. cviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Birr Dungarvan Londonderry Trim and Tuam (Rural). (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. cix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Dublin and Armagh. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. cx. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Bude Camberley and District East Barnet Valley Exeter (Extension) Frome (Amendment) Higham Ferrers Rushden and Wellingborough (Rural District) Mid-Durham Wealdstone Wisbech (Amendment) and Yardley (Amendment). (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

P. cxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 the Electric Lighting (Scotland) Act 1890 and the Electric Lighting (Scotland) Act 1902 relating to Eastwood and Catlicart and Kilpatrick. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 6).)

P. cxii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries under the Sea Fisheries Act 1868 relating to the Estuary of the Wash in the County of Norfolk. (Sea Fisheries Provisional Order Confirmation.)

P. cxiii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Brixham Newlyn and Torquay. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. cxiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Loch Claish (Loch Inchard) and Dunoon. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No.

P. cxv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Burnham in the county of Somerset. (Pier and Harbour Order Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. cxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Education under the Education Acts 1870 to 1903 to enable the Councils of the Administrative Counties of Devon and the West Riding of Yorkshire to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Board Provisional Orders Confirmation (Devon, &c.).)

P. cxvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Education under the Education Acts 1870 to 1903 to enable the Councils of the Administrative Counties of the Parts of Kesteven Surrey and Warwick and the Municipal Borough of Ealing to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Board Provisional Orders Confirmation (Kesteven, &c.).)

Royal Assent, 4th August 1906.

P. cxviii. An Act to enable His Majesty's Postmaster-General to acquire lands in London Birmingham Blackburn Bromley Torquay Carnforth and Walton-on-Thames for the Public Service and for other purposes. (Post Office (Sites).)

P. cxix. An Act to authorise the exchange of parcels of waste in the Forest of Dean and to amend the Dean Forest (Mines) Act 1904. (Dean Forest.)

P. cxx. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Liverpool and the Counties of Bedford Buckingham and Hertford. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 8).)

P. cxxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Cuckfield (Rural) and Leek. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 9).)

P. cxxii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Port of Manchester. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 10).)

P. cxxiii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Lincoln and Uttoxeter. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 11).)

P. cxxiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Metropolitan Borough of Saint Pancras. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (Housing of Working Classes).)

P. cxxv. An Act to confirm certain Schemes made under the London Government Act 1899 relating to the County of London and Penge the County of London and Hornsey the County of London and Barnes and the Counties of London and Kent. (London Government Act Adjustment Schemes Confirmation.)

P. cxxvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Education under the Education Acts 1870 to 1903 to enable the London County Council to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Board Provisional Order Confirmation (London No. 1).)

P. cxxvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 relating to Paisley Gas and Water. (Paisley Gas and Water Order Confirmation.)

P. cxxviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 the Electric Lighting (Scotland) Act 1890 and the Electric Lighting (Scotland) Act 1902 relating to Bellshill Blantyre Bothwell Dunfermline and District Dunoon Fochabers Inveresk Shettleston and Tollcross and Uddingston. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. cxxix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Aylesbury Boston Castle Ward Weetslade and Cramlington Godalming (Extension) Gomersal Henley-on-Thames Pinner Stanmore Harrow Weald and Edgware Ryton and Swanage. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. cxxx. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Barton-upon-Irwell Cheshunt Dorchester (Amendment) Eton (Rural) Hexham (Extension) Stourport and Kidderminster and Uxbridge and District (Extension). (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation 7).)

P. cxxxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Bolsover and District Water Great Grimsby Gas Great Grimsby Water Hoylake and West Kirby Water Wath upon Dearne and District Gas and Wollaston Gas. (Gas and Water Orders Confirmation.)

P. cxxxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Charing Gas Chichester Gas Corsham Gas Farnham Gas and King’s Lynn Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. cxxxiii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Newport Pagnell Gas Pontardulais Gas Raunds Gas Redditch Gas and Saint Austell Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. cxxxiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Altrincham Urban District Council Tramways Dewsbury Corporation Tramways Newcastle-upon-Tyne Corporation Tramways Ossett. Corporation Tramways Portobello and Musselburgh Tramways (Port Seton Extension) and Rochdale Corporation Tramways. (Tramways Orders Confirmation.)

P. cxxxv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Glasgow and South Western Railway. (Glasgow and South Western (Railway Order Confirmation.)

P. cxxxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Herne Bay Water Maidstone Water Mid-Kent Water Rickmansworth and Uxbridge Valley Water Sleaford and District Water and Slough Water. (Water Orders Confirmation.)

P. cxxxvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Newburgh and North Fife Railway. (Newburgh and North Fife Railway (Extension of time) Order Confirmation.)

P. cxxxviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Paisley Roads. (Paisley Roads Order Confirmation.)

P. cxxxix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Inverclyde Bequest. (Inverclyde Bequest Order Confirmation.)

P. cxl. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Perth Corporation Gas. (Perth Corporation Gas Order Confirmation.)

P. cxli. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Arlecdon and Frizington Liverpool and Marsden. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (Gas).)

P. cxlii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Rutherglen Burgh. (Rutherglen Burgh Order Confirmation.)

cxliii. An Act to empower the urban district council of the Wolstanton United Urban District to manufacture and supply gas and to provide for the transfer to the Council of the works premises and business of the Chesterton Gaslight Company Limited and of so much of the mains pipes and other works of the corporation of Burslem and of the corporation of Newcastle-under-Lyme respectively as are within the Wolstanton United Urban District and for other purposes. (Wolstanton United Urban District Council Gas.)

cxliv. An Act to empower the Great Northern Railway Company to construct a railway and other works and to purchase additional lands to extend the time for the completion of works and compulsory purchase of lands by the Company to authorise the Company to contribute to the cost of the generating station of the Great Northern and City Railway Company and to raise additional capital to authorise the construction of a railway and works by the Company and the Great Central Railway Company and to confirm the purchase of lands by those companies to authorise the construction of a railway and works by the South Yorkshire Joint Line Committee to extend the time for the completion of works and the compulsory purchase of lands by the Cheshire Lines Committee and for other purposes. (Great Northern Railway.)

cxlv. An Act to confer further powers on the London Brighton and South Coast Railway Company and for other purposes. (London Brighton and South Coast Railway.)

cxlvi. An Act to empower the Ascot District Gas Company to supply electricity and to confer further powers on and to change the name of the Company. (Ascot District Gas and Electricity.)

cxlvii. An Act to alter and regulate the capital and borrowing powers of the Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire Electric Power Company and for other purposes. (Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire Electric Power.)

cxlviii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Borough of Portsmouth Waterworks Company with respect to the raising of money and for other purposes. (Borough of Portsmouth Waterworks.)

cxlix. An Act to incorporate the West Yorkshire Tramways Company and to empower that Company to make and maintain tramways tramroads and other works and for other purposes. (West Yorkshire Tramways.)

cl. An Act to empower the London County Council to execute works and to acquire lands to make provisions as to the drainage of parts of the borough of Hornsey to confer powers upon the councils of certain metropolitan boroughs and for other purposes. (London County Council (General Powers).)

cli. An Act for conferring further powers on the London United Tramways (1901) Limited for widening and altering streets and roads and acquiring lands in the counties of Middlesex and Surrey and for other purposes. (London United Tramways.)

clii. An Act to extend the powers of the Twickenham and Teddington Electric Supply Company Limited with respect to the supply of electricity and for other purposes. (Twickenham and Teddington Electric Supply Company's.)

cliii. An Act to consolidate the capital of the Watford Gas and Coke Company to confer further powers on the Company with respect to the raising of additional capital to authorise the construction and maintenance of additional gasworks and for other purposes. (Watford Gas.)

cliv. An Act to empower the Alexandra (Newport and South Wales) Docks and Railway Company to make an entrance channel and lock entrance into their existing South Dock and to construct other works and for other purposes. (Alexandra (Newport and South Wales) Docks and Railway.)

civ. An Act for enabling the Ritz Hotel Limited to rearrange its capital and to provide for the extinction of its deferred shares and for issuing ordinary shares in lieu thereof and for altering the memorandum and articles of association of the Company and for other purposes. (Ritz Hotel Limited.)

clvi. An Act to revive and extend the powers for the purchase of land and the time limited for the completion of the railway authorised by the Wirral Railway Act 1898 to extend the time for the sale of surplus lands of the Wirral Railway Company and for other purposes. (Wirral Railway.)

clvii. An Act for empowering the Cardiff Railway Company to make a deviation of a portion of Railway No. 4 authorised by the Cardiff Railway Act 1897 for extending the time for the purchase of certain lands and for the completion of certain railways and for other purposes. (Cardiff Railway.)

clviii. An Act for transferring to the Newcastle-upon-Tyne Electric Supply Company Limited the undertakings authorised by the Whitley and Monkseaton Electric Lighting Order 1901 and the Seghill Earsdon and Tynemouth (Rural) Electric Lighting Order 1902 and for other purposes. (Newcastle-upon-Tyne Electric Supply Company’s.)

clix. An Act to confer further powers on the Baker Street and Waterloo Railway Company. (Baker Street and Waterloo Railway.)

clx. An Act to extend the time for taking certain lands and for the construction of certain authorised works by the Southport and Lytham Tramroad Company and the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Southport and for other purposes. (Southport and Lytham Tramroad.)

clxi. An Act to authorise the Wallasey Urban District Council to construct a tramway and promenades and to make further provision in regard to their gas water electricity and tramways undertakings and the health local government and improvement of their district and for other purposes. (Wallasey Tramways and Improvements.)

clxii. An Act to confer further powers on the Western Valleys (Monmouthshire) Sewerage Board to make the Mynyddislwyn Urban District Council a constituent authority and for other purposes. (Western Valleys (Monmouthshire) Sewerage Board.)

clxiii. An Act to authorise the Lord Provost magistrates and council of the city and royal burgh of Edinburgh to make and maintain tramways to construct works and acquire lands to incorporate. the Royal (Dick) Veterinary College Edinburgh to provide for the registration of employment agencies to amend the Edinburgh Municipal and Police Acts and for other purposes. (Edinburgh Corporation.)

clxiv. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers upon the Crediton Gas Company and for other purposes. (Crediton Gas.)

clxv. An Act to authorise the Kent Electric Power Company to construct a pier on the River Medway and to extend their powers with respect to the supply of electricity and for other purposes. (Kent Electric Power.)

clxvi. An Act to incorporate and confer powers upon the Truro Gas Company. (Truro Gas.)

clxvii. An Act to provide for an increase of the share capital of United Railways of the Havana and Regla Warehouses Limited and for other purposes. (Railways of the Havana and Regia Warehouses Limited.)

clxviii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Rochester Chatham and Strood Gaslight Company. (Rochester Chatham and Gillingham Gas.)

clxix. An Act to incorporate the Folkestone Sandgate and Hythe Tramways Company and to empower that Company to make and maintain tramways and other works and for other purposes. (Folkeston Sandgate and Hythe Tramways.)

clxx. An Act to confer further powers on the South Eastern and London Chatham and Dover Railway Companies and the South Eastern and Chatham Railway Companies Managing Committee. (South Eastern and London Chatham and Dover Railways.)

clxxi. An Act to extend the time limited by the Bacup Corporation Water Act 1898 for the construction of waterworks to confer further powers upon the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the Borough of Bacup in relation to their water and electricity undertakings and to make further provision with regard to the health local government and improvement of the said borough and for other purposes. (Bacup Corporation.)

clxxii. An Act to incorporate the Cork City Railways Company and to authorise the Company to construct railways and other works in the county borough of Cork and for other purposes. (Cork City Railways.)

clxxiii. An Act for extending the limits of supply of the Derby Gas Light and Coke Company to enable that Company to acquire the undertakings of the Spondon Ockbrook and Borrowash Gas Light and Coke Company Limited and the Mickleover and Etwall Gas Light and Coke Company Limited and for other purposes. (Derby Gas.)

clxxiv. An Act to make further provision for preventing the pollution and obstruction of streams in the county of Middlesex and to confer further powers on the county council of Middlesex for that purpose and in relation to the width and maintenance of roads employment agencies ice-cream vendors gipsy encampments recreation grounds Brentford Market and Runnymede Rifle Range and for other purposes. (County Council of Middlesex (General Powers).)

clxxv. An Act to authorise the construction of street improvements the rearrangement of buildings and the taking of lands in the parish of St. Margaret and St. John the Evangelist Westminster in the county of London and for other purposes. (St. John's (Westminster) Improvement.)

clxxvi. An Act to confer further powers upon the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Todmorden in relation to their water gas and electric lighting undertakings to authorise them to provide and work motor omnibuses and to make further provision with regard to the cleansing and improvement of the River Calder within the borough and with regard to the health improvement and good government of the said borough and for other purposes. (Todmorden Corporation.)

clxxvii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Tottenham and Edmonton Gas Light and Coke Company and for other purposes. (Tottenham and Edmonton Gas.)

clxxviii. An Act to incorporate the Macclesfield and District Tramways Company and to empower that Company to make and maintain tramways and other works in the county of Chester and for other purposes. (Macclesfield and District Tramways.)

clxxix. An Act to authorise the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Poole to acquire the undertaking of the Poole Waterworks Company to construct additional waterworks and to supply water within the said borough and the neighbourhood thereof and for other purposes. (Poole Corporation Water.)

clxxx. An Act to empower the Corporation of London to widen Blackfriars Bridge to construct a tramway thereover and to confer other powers upon them with respect to that and other bridges to authorise agreements between the Corporation and the London County Council and for other purposes. (Corporation of London (Blackfriars and other Bridges).)

clxxxi. An Act to empower the London County Council to construct and work tramways in the county of London and to make street improvements and other works and acquire lands and for other purposes. (London County Council (Tramways and Improvements).)

clxxxii. An Act for conferring further powers upon the County of Durham Electric Power Supply Company and for other purposes. (County of Durham Electric Power Supply.)

clxxxiii. An Act to provide for the vesting of the undertaking of the Donegal Railway Company in the Midland Railway Company and in a Joint Committee of that Company and the Great Northern Railway Company (Ireland) to incorporate such Joint Committee and to transfer that committee certain of the powers of the Great Northern Railway Company (Ireland) in connexion with the undertaking of the Strabane and Letterkenny Railway Company and for other purposes. (Great Northern (Ireland) and Midland Railways.)

clxxxiv. An Act to incorporate a body of Conservators for the preservation and management as public open spaces of certain commons in the rural district of Henley in the county of Oxford and for other purposes. (Nettlebed and District Commons (Preservation).)

clxxxv. An Act to confer further powers upon the Shropshire Worcestershire and Staffordshire Electric Power Company and for other purposes. (Shropshire Worcestershire and Staffordshire Electric Power.)

clxxxvi. To extend the Municipal and Police Boundaries of the Burgh of Buckhaven Methil and Innerleven to authorise the Provost Magistrates and Councillors of the Burgh to construct a new street and for other purposes. (Buckhaven Methil and Innerleven Burgh Extension.)

clxxxvii. An Act for preventing by agreement with the present owners of certain lands in the administrative county of London the future erection of buildings and structures on such lands and for other purposes. (London Squares and Enclosures (Preservation).)

clxxxviii. An Act for the preservation of the sources of water supply of the Sutton District Water Company and for other purposes. (Sutton District Waterworks.)

clxxxix. An Act to empower the Corporation of Kingston-upon-Hull to lay down additional tramways to execute certain street works and to confer further powers on them in regard to their water and electricity undertakings and the improvement of the city and for other purposes. (Kingston-upon-Hull Corporation.)

cxc. An Act to vest in the Corporation of Pontefract the undertakings of the Pontefract Park Trustees and the Pontefract Gas Company and to make further provision for the local government of the borough and the water supply thereto and for other purposes. (Pontefract Corporation.)

cxci. An Act to make further provision in regard to the* supply of electrical energy by the mayor aldermen and councillors of the metropolitan borough of Hackney and for other purposes. (Hackney Electricity.)

cxcii. An Act to confer powers upon the Hampstead Garden Suburb Trust Limited for the purpose of enabling that Company to develop and lay out lands as garden suburbs. (Hampstead Garden Suburb.)

cxxiii. An Act to regulate the expenditure of money by the London County Council on capital account during the current financial period and the raising of money to meet such expenditure and for other purposes. (London County Council (Money).)

cxciv. An Act for empowering the North West London Railway Company to extend their authorised railways and for other purposes. (North West London Railway.)

cxcv. An Act to empower the mayor aldermen and councillors of the metropolitan borough of St. Pancras to continue and maintain their stations for generating and transforming electricity and to amend the St. Pancras (Middlesex) Electric Lighting Order 1883. (St. Pancras Electricity.)

cxcvi. An Act to incorporate the South Lincolnshire Water Company with power to supply water within certain parishes in the county of Lincoln and to authorise that Company and the Urban District Council of Spalding to construct works and provide water and for other purposes. (South Lincolnshire Water.)

cxcvii. An Act to authorise the South Wales Electrical Power Distribution Company to raise additional capital for carrying out works within the area transferred to and vested in the Company by the South Wales Electrical Power Distribution Company Act 1905 and for other purposes. (South Wales Electrical Power Distribution Company.)

cxcviii. An Act to extend the time limited by the Watford and Edgware Railway Act 1903 for the construction of works and the purchase of lands to authorise agreements between the Watford and Edgware Railway Company and other companies and for other purposes. (Watford and Edgware Railway.)

cxcix. An Act to enlarge the powers of the Lancashire Electric Power Company and for other purposes. (Lancashire Electric Power.)

cc. An Act to empower the lord mayor aldermen and burgesses of the city of Bristol to acquire lands to alter the wards of the city and for other purposes. (Bristol Corporation.)

Royal Assent, 29th November 1906.

P. cci. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Clydebank and District Water and Burgh Extension. (Clydebank and District Water and Burgh Extension Order Confirmation.)

P. ccii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Blairgowrie Rattray and District Water. (Blairgowrie Rattray and District Water Board Order.)

P. cciii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Edinburgh Corporation (Superannuation). (Edinburgh Corporation (Superannuation) Order.)

cciv. An Act to confer further powers on the Metropolitan Electric Supply Company Limited. (Metropolitan Electric Supply Company.)

ccv. An Act to authorise the construction of certain New Works for improving the Harbour of Dover the abandonment of certain authorised Works by the Dover Harbour Board and for other purposes. (Dover Harbour (Works &c.).)

ccvi. An Act to confer further powers upon the Great Northern Railway Company (Ireland) and to make further provisions with reference to the undertaking of that company to confer further powers upon the Castleblayney Keady and Armagh Railway Company to extend the time limited by the Kingscourt Keady and Armagh Railway Act 1900 for the completion of works and the purchase of lands and for other purposes. (Great Northern Railway (Ireland).)

Royal Assent, 21st December 1906.

P. ccvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Falkirk and District Tramways. (Falkirk and District Tramways (Extensions) Order Confirmation.)

P. ccviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Ure Elder Fund. (Ure Elder Fund Order Confirmation.)

P. ccix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Edinburgh Suburban Electric Tramways. (Edinburgh Suburban Electric Tramways Order Confirmation.)

P. ccx. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Ardrossan Saltcoats and District Tramways. (Ardrossan Saltcoats and District Tramways Order Confirmation.)

P. ccxi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dunbartonshire Tramways. (Dunbartonshire Tramways Order Confirmation.)

P. ccxii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dunfermline and District Tramways. (Dunfermline and District Tramways Order Confirmation.)

PRIVATE ACTS.

Printed by the King’s Printer, and whereof the printed copies may be given in evidence.

Royal Assent, 4th August 1906.

1. An Act for confirming an agreement between the Right Honourable Godfrey Charles Viscount Tredegar and the trustees of his settled estates and the Alexandra (Newport and South Wales) Docks and Railway Company for the conveyance to the company of lands forming part of the settled estates and an agreement between the company and Lord Tredegar for the issue to Lord Tredegar of a sum of £100,000 preferred ordinary stock of the company for authorising the trustees of the settled estates to purchase from Lord Tredegar a sum of £25,000 part of such last-mentioned preferred ordinary stock and for other purposes. (Lord Tredegar's Supplemental Estate.)

2. An Act to make further provisions for the management of the English and Welsh Estates devised by the trust disposition and settlement of John Patrick Crichton Stuart Marquess of Bute deceased. (Bute (English and Welsh) Estates.)

PRIVATE ACT.

Not Printed.

Royal Assent, 29th May 1906.

An Act to dissolve the marriage of Elizabeth Caroline Wallis with Henry Aubrey Beaumont Wallis commonly called Aubrey Wallis her present husband and to enable her to marry again and for other purposes. (Wallis' Divorce.)

[Alphabetical list of local acts removed.]

380 Effect of Legislation.

[6 Edw 7.

TABLE III.

Showing the Effect of the Year’s Legislation.

ACTS OF FORMER SESSIONS (IN CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER) REPEALED OR AMENDED BY ACTS OF 6 EDWARD 7.*

[Short Title.]

Statute and Chapter. - Subject-matter or - How affected. - Chapter of 6 Edw. 7.

5 Geo. 1. c. 20 - Revenue of Scotland - S. 14 repealed - 50, s. 9, Sch.

13 Geo. 1:

c. 26 - Linen and Hempen Manufactures (S.) - Repealed - 50, s. 9, Sch.

c. 30 - Fisheries (S.) - Repealed - 50, s. 9, Sch.

5 Geo. 2. c. 18 - Justices Qualification - Repealed - 16, s. 5 (2), Sch.

18 Geo. 2. c. 20 - Justices Qualification - Repealed - 16, s. 5 (2), Sch.

19 Geo. 2. c. 37 - Insurance on Ships - Repealed - 41, s. 92, Sch. II.

---

13 Geo. 3. c. 52 - Sheffield Assay Ss. 3, 27 am.; ss. 16, 17 ix., 88. 2, 6-10

restricted; s. 24 rep. (Local).

24 Geo. 3., Sees. 2. Sheffield Assay Ss. 1, 3 amended - ix., ss. 6, 11

c. 20. (Local).

28 Geo. 3. c. 56 -38 Geo. 3:Insurance on Ships ... Repealed, so far as relates to marine insurance. 41, s. 92, Sch. II.

c. 5 Land Tax ... Ss. 49, 50, 91, 93, 94, 137 rep.; ss. 86, 92 rep. in part. Preamble, s. 3 rep.; s. 1 rep. in part. 52, 8. 2, Sch.

c. 43 Land Tax Commissioners 52, 8. 2, Sch.

48 Geo. 3. c. 110- Herring Fishery (S.) S. 4 repealed 50, s. 9, Sch.

6 Geo. 4. c. 48 Justices of the Peace Small Debt (S.) S. 27 repealed 16, 8. 5 (2), Sch.

7 &8 Geo. 4. c. 75 Land Tax Commissioners S. 1 extended 52, s. 8.

10 Geo. 4:

c. 44 Metropolitan Police S. 1 repealed in part 16, s. 5 (2), Sch.

c. 50 Crown Lauds Amended ... 28, 8.1.

M 3 Vict. c. 47 - Metropolitan Police i S. 60 par. (4) rep. 45, s. 1.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 12 - International Copyright Restricted as to Musical Copyright. 36, 8. 3.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 18 - Lands Clauses Consolidation Am.; s. 72 am. (as to Labourers Acts (I.)). 37, s. 11.

* Acts continued annually by the Expiring Laws Continuance Act or affected by the Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act are not noticed in this Table.

A.D. 1906. Effect of Legislation. 381

[Short Title.]

Statute and Chapter. Subject-matter or How affected. Chapter of 6 Edw. 7.

10 & 11 Vict.:

c. 65 Cemeteries Clauses S. 10 amended 44, 8. 2.

c. 91 Manufacturers Improvement Fund (S). Repealed 50, s. 9, Sch.

13 & 14 Vict.:

c. 41 Manchester (Parish) S. 20 amended 19, s. 1.

c. 86 National Gallery (S.) Repealed - 50, ss. 8, 9, Sch.

14 & 15 Vict s

c. 42 Crown Lands - Am.; ss. 1, 22 am. 28, ss. 1, 7 (1),

c. 93 Petty Sessions (I.) S. 10 (4) temp, amended 23, s. 1 (1).

16 & 17 Vict c. 69 Naval Enlistment S. 16 extended - 5, s. 3.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 94 Public Revenue and Consolidated Fund Charges. Sch. (B.) rep. in part 50, s. 9, Sch.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 128. Burial - S. 9 restricted 44, s. 1.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 56 Exchequer Court (S.) S. 43 repealed 20, s. 12.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 17 Vexations Indictments - S. 1 applied - 34, s. 2 (2).

24 & 25 Vict. c. 47 Harbours and Passing Tolls S. 47 amended - ii., 8. 2. (Zocol).

25 Sc26 Vict. c. 59 Dogs (I.) Repealed - - 32, s. 10, Sch.

26 & 27 Vict.:

c. 7 Manufactured Tobacco S. 1 restricted 8, s. 2 (3).

c. 13 Town Gardens Protection S. 4 applied 25, s. 15 (3).

c. 97 Stipendiary Magistrates - S. 5 rep. in part 16, s. 5 (2), Sch.

C. 100 Dogs (S.) Repealed 32, S. 10, Sch.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 60 Dogs - Repealed - - 32, 8. 10, Sch.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 62 Crown Lands - Am.; s. 1 ext. - 28, ss. 2 (2), 4.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 134 Metropolitan Streets S. 18 rep. in part - 32, 8. 10, Sch.

31 & 32 Vict c. 86 Policies of Marine Insurance Repealed - 41, s. 92, Sch. II.

33 & 34 Vict.:

c. 46 Landlord and Tenant - Ss. 18, 21, 26 app.; s. 23 app. with mod.; s. 27 ext. and app. 54, s. 12.

C. 52 Extradition - - Sch. I. ext. to bribery 15, s. 1.

34 & 35 Vict: 16, s. 5 (2), Sch.

c. 18 Justices Qualification Repealed -

c. 31 Trade Union S. 9 restricted 47, s. 4 (2).-

c. 56 Dogs .... S. 1 rep.; s. 5 rep. in part. S. 11 am. and rep. in part 82, s. 10, Sch.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 77 38 & 39 Vict.: Metalliferous Mines 53, ss.2 (2), 7(1). Sch.

c. 39 Metalliferous Mines Regulation S. 1 extended 53, s. 1.

c. 45 Sinking Fund - S. 1 amended a, -7 CD. 01_

c. 54 Justices Qualification Repealed - 16, s. 5 (2), Sch.

c. 55 Publiq Health - Ss. 182-186 ext. and app. 25, s. 15 (2) (4).

c. 86 Conspiracy and Protection of S. 3 am. and rep. in part; 47, ss. 1, 2 (2),

Property. 8. 7 rep. in part. 5(3).

39 & 40 Vict. c. 86 Customs Consolidation - S. 42 restricted; s. 233 ext. with mod. 20, ss. 5, 6.

C c

382

Effect of Legislation.

[6 Edw-. Y.

[Short Title.]

iJtetute^nd:Chapter. ! Subject-matter or How affected. Chapter of 6 Edw. 7.

40 & 41 Vict.: 1

c. 2 Treasury Bills - - S. 6 extended S. 6 restricted 20, s. 10 (1). 1, s. 3 (2); 26, s. 2 (2).

c. 28 Game Laws Amendment (S.) - Rep., except ss. 1, 10, 11, and definition of "sheriff " in s. 3. 56, s. 8, Sch.

c. 35 Metropolitan Open Spaces Repealed, but see terms - 25, s. 23, Sch.

c. 56 41 & 42 Vict.: County Offices and Courts (I.) - S. 39 applied 58, Sch. I. (22).

c. 15 Customs and Inland Revenue - S. 22 amended - 32, s. 5 (1).

c. 72 Sale of Liquors on Sunday (I.) Cont.; s. 1 am. 39, s. 1.

43 & 44 Vict.:

c. 24 Spirits - Am.; s. 121 rest.; ss. 123 (3), 126 (e), (e), (/) am.; ss. 125 (1), 130 ext. 20, SS. 1 (3) (5), 2 (I) (4)-(6).

c. 42 Employers’ Liability S. 6 (3) amended 58, s. 14.

c. 47 Ground Game - Ss. 1 (3), 3 restricted 21, ss. 2, 3.

44 & 45 Vict.:

c. 34 Metropolitan Open Spaces Repealed, but see terms - 25, s. 23, Sch.

c. 87 Alkali, &c. Works Regulation - Repealed, but see terms - 14, s. 30, Sch.

c. 58 45 & 46 Vict 46 Vict.: Army - - Ss. 13 (1) (a), 43, 44, 46, 47 (5), 50 (3), 51, 52, 53 (3) (4) (8) (9), 54 (1) (3) (4), 56, 73 (3), 133 (2), 138 par. (1), 176 par. (5), 181 (1), 183 par. (3) am.; s. 133 (2) rep. in part. 2, ss. 4-10.

c. 48 Reserve forces - S. 14 (2) rep., but see terms; s. 20 ext. S. 12 (e) amended S. 157 (2) (4) rep. in part 11, S3. 1, 2.

c. 50 Municipal Corporations 12, s. 2. 16, s. 5 (2), Sch.

c. 61 46 & 47 Vict.: Bills of Exchange S. 82 amended 17, 8. 1.

c. 58 Post Office (Money Orders) S. 4 extended 4, s. 1.

c. 60 Labourers (I.) - Am.; ss. 5, 18 rep.; ss. 4, 7 rep. in part; s. 17 am. 37, ss. 12, 38, Sch.

48 & 49 Vict.:

c. 41 Shannon - S. 6 restricted 29, s.4.

c. 77 Labourers (I.) - - Am.; ss. 12, 16 (prov.2) rep.; s. 21 am. 37, ss? 4, 26, 38, Sch.

49 & 50 Vict. c. 59 Purchase of Land (I.) S. 3 am.; s. 10 rep. 37, ss. 25, 38, Sch.

50 & 51 Vict.:

c. 16 National Debt and Local Loans S. 15 applied 29, s. 2.

c. 32 Open Spaces - Rep. (except part of s. 4), but see terms. 25, s. 23, Sch.

c. 43 Stannaries - | S. 9 extended 58, s. 5 (4).

c. 58 Coal Mines Regulation - J S. 33 ext.; s. 35 (1) rep. 53, ss. 1, 2 (1), 7(1), Sch.

-51 & 52 Vict.:

c. 23 I Recorders Magistrates and Clerks of the Peace. Repealed 46, s. 2 (2).

c. 41 Local Government I S. 2 (5) (6) rep. in part -S. 87 (1) (5) applied - 16, s. 5 (2), Sch. 33, s. 1 (4).

* > ! Ss. 63, 87 (1) (5) app. - 44, s. 1.

c. 43 i County Courts - 1 S. 17 rep. in part 16, s. 5 (2), Sch.

A.D. 1906.

Effect of Legislation.

8

[Short Title.]

Statute and Chapter. Subject-matter or How affected. Chapter of 6 Edw. 7.

51 & 52 Vict.:

c. 62 Preferential payments in Bankruptcy. Solicitors - S. 1 amended - - 58, s. 5 (3).

c. 65 S. 16 ext. to bankrupts - 24, s. 1.

62 & 53 Vict.;

C. 49 Arbitration - Restricted - 58, Sch. II. (4).

C. 60 Preferential Payments in Bankruptcy (I.). S. 4 amended 58, s. 5 (3).

53 & 54 Vict.:

c. 15 Open Spaces - Repealed, but sec terms - 25, s. 23, Sch.

c. 45 Police - 1 Ss. 4 .(, 1), 8 am.; s. 4 (5) ext. with mod.; s. 15 restricted. 7, ss. 1 (3), 3 (1), 4 (2), 5, 7.

c. 50 54 & 55 Vict.: Public Works Loans S. 5 amended 29, s. 3.

c. 89 Stamp - - - Ssh. I. amended 20, s. 9.

c. 43 Purchase of Laod (I.) - S. 5 (2) rep. in part, but see terms. 37, s. 18 (1), 38, Sch.

55 & 56 Vict.:

c. 30 Alkali, &c., Works Regulation - Repealed, but see terms - 14, s. 30, Sch.

c. 48 Bank - S. 3 amended - 20, 8. 10 (2).

c. 55 Burgh Police (S.) - S. 390 repealed 82, s. 10, Sch.

56 & 57 Vict.:

c. 53 Trustee - S. 11 app. with mods.; 55, ss. 3 (2) (6),

s. 34 app. 5 (2)*.

c. 56 Fertilisers and Feeding Stuffs Repealed, but see terms - 27, S. 13.

c. 73 Local Government - S. 22 rep. in part - 16, s. 5 (2), Sch.

57 & 58 Vict.:

c. 12 Indian Railways S. 9 repealed 9, s. 2.

c. 28 Notice of Accidents - S. 1 (1) am.; s. 1 (3) rep. 53, ss. 6, 7 (1), Sch.

c. 57 Diseases of Animals S. 22 extended 32, s. 2 (1).

c. 60 Merchant Shipping Am.; ss. 21 (1), 79, 84 (1), 126, 136, 210 (1), 237, 244 (1), 267, 268, 272, 283, 309, 310 (3), 328, 437, 438, 440 (5), 443 (2), 452 (2), 462, 475, 478, 483, 503 (2) par. (a), 702, 703, 744 am.; ss. 48 (2), 92 (1) (6), 144, 186-193, 207, 208, 235, 246 (2) (c), 268 (8), 291, 299, 328 par. (i), 353, 451, rep.; SS. 246, 267- 413 (1). 462, 503 (2) par. (a) rep. in part; Schs. X.-XIV. rep. prosp.; ss. 169-181, 199, 341-346, 413, 414, 416, 427-431, 439-443 (except 440 (3) (4)), 452, 454, 455, 502-509, 518, 680, 724 ext.; s. 483 restricted; ss. 369, 415, 689 (2) (4) (5) app. with mod. 48, ss. 1, 2, 3 (1) (3) (4), 4, 7, 8(1) (2) (4), 11, 13, 14, 17, 19, 20, 22-25, 29, 52-56, 58, 60, 64 (1), 66, 67 (1), 68 (2), 69, 71, 72, 74 (2), 75, 81-83, 85, Sch. II.

Am.; s. 174 (2) (3) ext.; s. 503 extended in certain cases; ss. 691, 692, 695 app. 58, ss. 7 (1) ()(/) ($0, 11 (3).

Effect of Legislation.

[6 Edw. 7

[Short Title.]

Statute and Chapter. Subject-matter or How affected. Chapter of 6 Edw. 7.

58 & 59 Vict 59 Vict.:

c. 27 Market Gardeners’ Compensation S. 4 app. retrospectively - 56, s. 5.

c. 36 Fatal Accidents Inquiry (S.) - j S. 4 (7) (10) amended - 35, ss. 2, 4.

59 & 60 Vict.:

c. 25 Friendly Societies Ss. 8, 16, 41 rest. - 58, Sch. I. (21).

c. 47 Land Law (I.) S. 39 rep., but see terms - 37, 8. 38, Sch.

c. 53 Labourers (I.) Am. j s. 1 (3) rep. in part; s. 8 rep. 37, s. 38, Sch.

60 & 61 Vict.:

c. 22 Market Gardeners* Compensa-j tion (S.) S. 4 app. retrospectively - 56, s. 5.

c. 37 Workmen’s Compensation Repealed 58, s. 16 (2).

61 & 62 Vict.:

c. 14 Merchant Shipping (Liability of Shipowners). S. 1 rep. in part 48. ss. 70, 85, Sch. II.

c. 37 Local Government (I.) Am. as to Bridges S. 80 applied 31, 8. 1. 37, s. 16 (2).

c. 44 ' Merchant Shipping (Mercantile Marine Fund). S. 4 repealed 48, s. 85, Sch. II.

62 & 63 Vict.:

c. 14 London Government S. 24, par. (2) repealed - 16, s. 5 (2), Sch.

c. 80 Commons ... S. 17 rep., but see terms - 25, s. 23, Sch.

c. 50 Agriculture and Technical Instruction (I.) S. 17 amended 27, 8. 12.

63 & 64 Vict.:

c. 7 Finance - Ss. 2-7 am. and cont. 8, ss. 4, 5.

c. 22 Workmen’s Compensation Repealed 58, s. 16 (2).

c. 25 Charitable Loan Societies (I.) S. 2(1) am. - 23, s. 4 (2).

c. 27 Railway Employment (Prevention of Accidents). S. 13 (3) repealed 53, s. 7 (1), Sch.

c. 31 Isle of Man (Customs) S. 1 am. and cont.; s. 2, par. (2) cont 18, ss. 1, 2.

c. 50 Agricultural Holdings S. 1 (1), Sch. II. (Pt. II.) rep.; s. 2 rep. in part; s. 1, Sch. II. (Pt I.) rule 10 am.; Sch. T. (Pt. III.) am. and restricted. 56, ss. 1 (l)-(3) 3 (3), 6, 8, Sch.

1 Edw. 7.:

c. 7 Finance - S. 3, Sch. IV. repealed - 8, 88. 3, 8 (1), Sch.IL

c. 22 Factory and Workshop S. 130 virt. rep. in part -S. 19 repealed 49, s. 10. 53, ss. 4 (5), 7 (1), Sch.

2 Edw. 7.:

c. 7 Finance - - S. 5 (2) am.; s. 8 am. and restricted. 20, ss. 1 (1), (2), (4), 8.

c. 10 Police Reservists Rep., as to England 7, s. 4 (3).

3 Edw. 7. c. 37 - Irish Land - - S. 61 applied Am.; 88. 2, 4, 20, 38, 96, 97 am.; s. 96 (2) rep. 28, s. 8. 37, ss. 1 (2), 7 (1), 15, 19, 20, 38, Sch.

4 Edw. 7:

c. 7 Finance - S. 2 (1) am.; s. 2 (2) rep.; Sch. rep. in part S. 9 amended 8, ss. 2 (1) (2), 8 (1), Sch. IL 20, s. 11.

c. 24 Wireless Telegraphy S. 6 repealed 13, 8. 1.

5 Edw. 7. c. 21 - Expiring Laws Continuance Sch. (Pt. II.) rep.; Preamble rep. in part. 9, s. 2.

A.D. 1906. Classified List of the Local and Private Acts. 385

[Classified list of acts removed.]

[Index removed.]

